CNN  Can you imagine paying $ 1,000 a month in rent to live in a one-car garage ? Nicole , a 30-year-old woman , does n't have to imagine this scenario because it 's her everyday reality . The small and unusual living space is all that this employed , single mother can afford in her high-cost community in San Mateo , California . Nicole is n't alone in her struggles . CNN recently published a powerful piece called "  Poor kids of Silicon Valley " that documents the affordable housing challenges facing families in the Bay Area . One aspect featured a house that is home to 16 people , including 11 children . Another chronicles a husband and wife named Rich and Stacey , both of whom have jobs , who are living in a San Jose homeless shelter with their two kids because they do n't have the money to go anywhere else . Although Silicon Valley has unique characteristics , it is n't the only community confronting these challenges . Our entire nation is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis . The agency I lead , the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development , recently released a report estimating that 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing , spend more than half their incomes on rent or both . These are families who are dedicating $ 1 out of every $ 2 they earn just to keep a roof over their head . And the more they spend on housing , the less they have to invest in their children 's education , build up savings and shop at local businesses . These are outcomes that hurt our nation 's economy and require us to respond with swift and bold action . HUD is working with local partners across the country to do just that . First , we 're focusing on preserving the affordable housing that already exists . Since the mid-1970s , we have directed and insured loans for multifamily properties that have resulted in more than 700,000 affordable units . But by 2020 , we 're in danger of losing more than 125,000 because these mortgages are maturing , ending agreements to control rents in these units . So we 've launched a preservation effort with private partners to keep these properties affordable for generations to come . We 're also doing the same with public housing . Right now , the nation is losing 10,000 units of public housing every year , mainly because of disrepair , HUD created the Rental Assistance Demonstration initiative to bring private investment into the fold for the public good . It 's cost neutral for the federal government and making a big impact for communities such as Lexington , North Carolina , where the local housing authority is making 58 years ' worth of repairs in just 22 months , including new lighting , modern windows and better insulation to help residents stay warm and cut energy costs . RAD has allowed local communities to raise more than $ 733 million in new capital to date . That 's why we 're asking Congress to give every community the chance to participate by lifting the restrictions on this program . No American should ever have to wait six decades to have a decent and healthy place to call home . In addition to preservation , HUD is also working to create new affordable housing . A Harvard study revealed that in 2012 , there were 11.5 million extremely low-income households and only 3.3 million affordable units available . It 's clear that we ca n't preserve our way out of this problem . We 've got to grow the supply to meet demand , so HUD is taking a multifaceted approach . For example , our HOME Investment Partnerships Program is leveraging $ 4 in private and other public resources for every $ 1 in HOME funds and leading to more than 1 million new and rehabilitated units for rent or sale to lower income families . This is more than just a statistic : It is progress for people , from the families living in the Broadway Crossing development in Washington to the seniors living in the Woodcrest Retirement Residence in Pennsylvania . To keep this momentum going , we 've asked Congress to increase HOME funding by 16 % to keep building affordable homes , prosperous partnerships and strong communities across the nation . We are also asking Congress to expand our Housing Choice Voucher Program , which allows recipients of modest means , the elderly , and people with disabilities to find housing in the private market . This includes restoring 67,000 vouchers that were lost to sequestration . And we 're targeting our resources where they can have a big impact . For instance , HUD awarded $ 94 million in targeted homelessness assistance to 274 programs across the San Francisco Bay Area , including Silicon Valley , in January . And we continue to work with local partners to encourage private investment . To empower communities , President Barack Obama has also requested $ 300 million for new Local Housing Policy Grants to help them increase housing affordability , economic growth and access to jobs . All of this work is making a significant contribution to families and communities from coast-to-coast . Our nation 's affordable housing challenges wo n't be solved overnight , and we still need to do more to make sure that more folks are able to prosper . Let 's not squander this chance to make real progress for American families . Incredible things can happen when a wide variety of leaders come together for the common good . By leveraging private investment and increasing collaboration with state , local and tribal governments and other traditional housing partners , I know we can build a future where affordable housing is available to all .	CNN 's John Sutter told the story of the "  Poor kids of Silicon Valley " HUD Secretary Julián Castro : Our shortage of affordable housing is a national crisis that stunts the economy
Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic  CNN  -- Officials are forcing the 25-year-old model who won the Dominican Republic 's top beauty pageant to hand over her crown , saying she violated contest rules when she hid her marriage . Pageant organizers claim Carlina Duran had been married since 2009 but told Miss Dominican Republic contest organizers she was single . Contestants in the pageant can not be married or divorced , organizers said . The runner-up in last week 's Miss Dominican Republic contest , Dulcita Lieggi , will represent the Caribbean nation in the Miss Universe pageant , organizers said . Dominicans were divided over the pageant 's decision . "  If there is an established rule , and it comes out that she is married , she is violating the rule , " said Rafael Concepcion . On Duran 's official Facebook page , fans lamented the move . Dari Baez said taking away Duran 's crown was unfair . "  She already won it , " Baez said . Beauty queens from dozens of countries are scheduled to compete in the Miss Universe pageant in Las Vegas in June . Journalist Diulka Perez contributed to this report .	Organizers say Carlina Duran did not disclose her 2009 marriage She must hand over her crown to the pageant 's runner-up Dominicans are divided over the contest organizers ' decision
Editor 's note : Ronald F. Ferguson is Senior Lecturer in Education and Public Policy at the Harvard Graduate School of Education and the Harvard Kennedy School . His most recent book is "  Toward Excellence with Equity : An emerging vision for closing the achievement gap , " published by Harvard Education Press . He is the creator of the Tripod Project for School Improvement and also the faculty co-chair and director of the Achievement Gap Initiative at Harvard University . Ronald Ferguson says parents can play a key role in improving their children 's education . CAMBRIDGE , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Raising the quality of teaching and learning in American schools is a priority . It receives a great deal of attention in our national discourse and should receive more . Test scores and graduation rates are improving faster in other nations than in the United States and this threatens our quality of life in a competitive world . In addition , achievement gaps between racial groups in the United States remain large . The social and political vitality of the nation may depend on closing these racial gaps . Blacks and Hispanics are doing better than in the past compared to whites , but still not nearly good enough . Making schools better should be only one part of our national strategy . Life at home has been a relatively neglected topic and needs to come out of the shadows . Especially in churches , neighborhood organizations , families and informal social networks , helping parents do their best needs to be as big a priority as achieving excellent schools . This goes beyond public policies . I am talking about changes in mindsets and lifestyles in a national social and cultural movement to close achievement gaps between groups -- a movement to achieve excellence with equity . More reading at home is a place to start . I present data in my recent book based on a large sample of students in elementary and secondary schools from several states . Black and Hispanic students reported less leisure reading at home compared to whites , watched television more , were much more likely to have televisions in their bedrooms and  perhaps as a consequence  were more prone to become sleepy at school . Also , blacks and Hispanics , including those with college-educated parents , reported fewer books in their homes than whites whose parents had fewer years of schooling . However , life at home helps shape academic outcomes long before children begin reading books . Family-level supports in the first two years of life help predict achievement years later , in elementary school . Beginning soon after birth , the most supportive mothers teach the joy of living and learning , through lots of active , encouraging , verbal and nonverbal communication . They engage actively in helping children learn to walk and talk and to explore their new world and manipulate their toys and other objects . Such mothers exist in large numbers in every racial group . Nonetheless , in a recent study by Harvard 's Richard Murnane and co-authors , differences in mother-child interaction patterns like these were found to account for one-third of the black-white gap in math and English skills at the beginning of kindergarten -- and one-quarter at the end of third grade . As children get older , highly responsive parents spend time with children , look for ways to be helpful and encourage them to voice their opinions . They are good listeners and they teach their children that they have a right to be heard and that people in positions of authority can sometimes be persuaded . The same parents can also be demanding , providing rules and structure and holding children consistently accountable for their behavior . Professor Jelani Mandara of Northwestern University found in a nationally representative sample that students who achieved the highest test scores among blacks , Hispanics and whites had parents who were both responsive and demanding . According to the study , white parents were much more likely to be both responsive and demanding than black and Hispanic parents ; whereas black parents , in particular , were often highly demanding , but tended not to be as responsive in the ways the study measured . Among early adolescents , differences along these dimensions helped account for the higher test scores of whites as compared with blacks and Hispanics . Findings like the above should be part of the conversation among black and Hispanic community leaders as they respond to the fact that even the children of college-educated parents often achieve at lower-than-expected levels . It is true that children of every racial group do better , on average , when their parents have more education . For example , black 12th graders whose parents completed college have higher average test scores than black 12th graders whose parents only completed high school . However , it is also true , according to the National Assessment of Educational Progress , that test score gaps between 12th-grade blacks and whites with highly educated parents -- parents with 16 or more years of schooling -- are greater than test score gaps between 12th-grade blacks and whites whose parents have less education . These are unpleasant facts , but we can not improve what we fear and refuse to confront . Yes , we should respectfully acknowledge and rectify injustices that have impeded the efforts of many non-white parents and we should also work relentlessly to provide high quality schooling opportunities for children from every background . But especially in our own homes and communities , there is another responsibility . It is to give parents of every racial and social-class background the examples , encouragement and supports they need to help their children experience the joy of learning and develop ambitious attitudes and habits of mind that will serve them well throughout their lives . As one effort to accept this responsibility , the Achievement Gap Initiative at Harvard University has begun convening the AGI Parent Leadership Network . Beginning in September 2008 , researchers and parent leaders from communities in several states have met every four months at Harvard to learn about relevant research , trade ideas , coach one another , and share examples of their own leadership . Presentations and discussions have covered topics ranging from home-learning lifestyles to ways of helping schools and holding them accountable . The main purpose is to equip parent leaders with ideas and energy for helping others in home communities to help ALL our children succeed . In the Civil Rights Movement , legions of people worked in a multitude of ways for racial justice . That work continues . However , the time has come for a movement focused on realizing our full human potential as learners . We need a movement for excellence with equity -- to prepare all our children for the social , ethical and intellectual challenges of a 21st century world . For more information about the Achievement Gap Initiative at Harvard University , click here The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ronald Ferguson .	Ronald Ferguson : Vitality of U.S. may depend on closing racial achievement gaps He says achievement of black and Hispanic students is improving He says further progress could come if parents were more responsive to children Ferguson : Harvard has started a program to improve quality of parenting
Kuwait City  CNN  -- Kuwait 's leaders met in emergency session Thursday , vowing to clamp down on violence after protesters forced their way inside Parliament . "  The adoption of such a chaotic approach by the rioters " risked the country 's security and "  is considered to be an unprecedented step on the path to anarchy and lawlessness , " the emir of Kuwait , Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah , said in comments quoted by state-run news agency KUNA . The protests late Wednesday led to the injury of five police and Kuwait National Guard officers , the Interior Ministry said . Members of the opposition vow to step up their protests . "  The popular opposition will escalate , " Saad Alajmi , former minister of information and now a prominent opposition figure , told CNN . "  This is a people 's opposition , " he added . Alajmi called for the Parliament to dissolve . U.S. State Department deputy spokesman Mark Toner said Kuwait has a history of "  political freedom and cooperation " and that it should respect peaceful protests . Protests in Kuwait have taken place at times throughout the year , since before the Arab Spring brought about demonstrations throughout the Arab world . But the anti-corruption protests have turned more violent recently , after members of the Kuwaiti opposition saw revolutions in Tunisia , Egypt , and Libya , and fighting between protesters and government forces in Syria . Prime Minister Sheikh Nasser al-Mohammad al-Sabah has had six previous governments brought down by opposition elements over the years . The Kuwaiti opposition is now pushing not only for the downfall of his government , but for the prime minister himself to step down . Many chanted that they want to "  overthrow " him , using iconic slogans of the Arab Spring . The emir , however , is firmly committed to keeping al-Sabah , a member of the royal family , in office . Government representative Ali Fahad Al-Rashid warned Thursday that the country will be taking new steps against the protesters . "  The actions witnessed yesterday are unfamiliar to the Kuwaiti society and threaten the security and stability of the country 's general system , " he said , according to KUNA . "  Therefore , national responsibility calls for stricter measures to confront this chaotic behavior . " "  Democracy in this country should not be contaminated or misused to serve questionable agendas , " he said . "  Kuwait will not be a place for pre-planned sabotage . " The Interior Ministry said the crowd of protesters Wednesday night "  brawled with the police , the National Guard and other state agencies , " and property was damaged . A witness told CNN angry protesters broke into the Parliament demanding that the prime minister step down . The witness , a Kuwaiti journalist , asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter . Videos that appear to have been shot from cell phones and posted on YouTube show a throng of protesters at the Parliament chanting , "  The people must remove the prime minister ! " One protester is also seen saying , "  Leave Nasser , " in an apparent reference to Prime Minister Sheikh Nasser al-Mohammad al-Sabah . Another video shows people entering the assembly building and shouting , "  Let the people enter the people 's assembly . " The country has no elections for the executive branch . The emir , whose position is hereditary , appoints the prime minister and the deputy prime ministers . The last parliamentary elections were held in 2009 . The prime minister 's cabinet resigned in March . The State Department 's human rights report on Kuwait , published earlier this year , notes that the country has a population of 3.4 million , of whom 1.1 million are citizens . "  Local observers and the press considered the May 16 , 2009 , parliamentary election generally free and fair . Security forces reported to civilian authorities , " the report says . "  Principal human rights problems included limitations on citizens ' right to change their government . There were reports of security forces abusing prisoners . Authorities limited freedoms of speech , press , assembly , association , and religion . " With an economy based mostly on its oil , Kuwait has relatively high per capita income and low unemployment . The protests have focused centrally on alleged political corruption , rather than the economy . CNN 's Rima Maktabi and Saad Abedine in Abu Dhabi and Josh Levs in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. asks that peaceful protests be respected "  The popular opposition will escalate , " an opposition figure tells CNN The protests focus on complaints of corruption , rather than the economy Protesters forced their way into Parliament Wednesday night
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal claimed a seventh Barcelona Open title with a hard fought straight-set 7-6  7-1  7-5 victory over David Ferrer on Sunday . The world No. 2 completed another convincing display on the clay to notch up a 34th consecutive win in the tournament , seven days after winning his eighth successive title in Monte Carlo . It was the fourth time the Spaniard has beaten Ferrer in the final at the Real Club de Tenis since 2008 . But Nadal did n't have it all his own way . The first set lasted 93 minutes with the 10-time grand slam winner having to save five set points in the 12th game before going on to take the tie-break comfortably . "  This was my hardest match since the start of the clay season . David always takes you to the limit . I was lucky when I saved break points . The odds were on my side , " Nadal said afterwards . Ferrer 's resolve continued into the second as he came back from 3-1 down , breaking his compatriot 's serve in the fifth and then the ninth game to edge 5-4 ahead . But Nadal broke back immediately and followed it by holding his next service game to love . He carried the momentum into 12th and decisive game , closing out the match with the first of three match points . "  In the second set David played very close , but I had the luck at the end . I 'm so happy and I feel sorry for him . I 'm starting to feel my game well on the clay , " he added . The 25-year-old has now won 48 career titles in total and won 34 of 38 finals contested on the clay . Only Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer have ever got the better of him on the surface .	Spain 's Rafael Nadal wins tough battle with compatriot David Ferrer to seize seventh Barcelona title World No. 2 wins 7-6 7-5 to extend his winning streak in the tournament to 34 matches Win takes Nadal 's career title tally to 48
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A bizarre three-and-a-half minute North Korean propaganda video -- depicting a city resembling New York but with its skyscrapers on fire -- was pulled from YouTube this week after videogame maker Activision said those scenes were lifted from its top-selling game "  Call of Duty . " Clicking on the now-defunct YouTube link brings up the message : "  This video has been removed by the user . Sorry about that . " But the video can still be found elsewhere on the internet . The anti-U.S. video also employs an instrumental version of "  We Are the World , " written by Michael Jackson and Lionel Richie , while a sleeping North Korean man apparently dreams himself aboard a North Korean space shuttle launched into orbit around the Earth . Just after the video 's two-minute mark , a city covered by a large American flag is seen apparently being bombarded by a missile attack . The Korean-language caption that scrolls across the screen says , "  Black smoke was billowing somewhere in America . Maybe the group of Satan , who has been habitually conducting an invasion war , are burning in the fire they set themselves . " The release of this video , the latest in a series of regular propaganda videos , comes as experts and officials widely believe North Korea is on the verge of its third nuclear test , following trials in 2006 and 2009 . The country 's use of copyrighted material is not new . In 2012 , Mickey Mouse , Winnie the Pooh and a cast of Disney characters appeared at a Pyongyang theater for newly-ascended North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . The Walt Disney Company denounced the use of its characters and said in a statement , "  This was not licensed or authorized by The Walt Disney Company , " according to the Associated Press .	North Korean propaganda video pulled off YouTube website Game maker Activision says video used scenes from Call of Duty game Video appeared as experts say North Korea nuclear test imminent Walt Disney Company denounced North Korea 's use of Mickey Mouse in 2012
CNN  -- With a budget of $ 1.6 billion a year , a global staff of 14,000 and operations in 120 countries , Jasmine Whitbread could be in charge of a multinational corporation . In fact , she is head of the charity , Save the Children International . As the first global chief executive of the world 's largest kids ' not-for-profit , she leads the organization with the business acumen and astute professionalism of a Fortune 500 company . Founded at the beginning of the 19th-century by two sisters devoted to protecting children , its mission is to respond to humanitarian crises from Oklahoma to Syria . But in the long term , the organization 's remit is centered around improving the way children are treated across the world . "  We want to play a role as a catalyst to really challenge some of these fundamental wrongs that ca n't be allowed to continue into the 21st century , " says Whitbread . And with Whitbread at the helm , the charity is doing just that . In 2011 , Save the Children increased funding and expenditure by 10 % and helped 125 million children . "  Children should n't be going to bed hungry , they should n't be missing out on a basic education , these things are not expensive , they are not hard to solve . " There 's no room for vague ideas of "  wanting to do good " in a charity like Save the Children . "  We are just trying to help here , " she says . "  I have heard that refrain from too many organizations and too many quarters where that help is actually doing harm so , I 'm under no illusion that just the will to do something good  is  enough . "  We 've got to be incredibly professional , we 've got to be very impartial in our work and not be drawn on one side or the other . "  You ca n't just expect to be praised for doing good , you 've got to be running a professional organization . " Alongside her visits to crisis-hit countries , she has met with business leaders at the World Economic Forum  WEF  in Davos . "  I do think it 's a business where our bottom line is children 's lives , " says Whitbread , 49 . "  We have to be the most efficient we can possibly be , we ca n't afford to be sloppy and just trying to do the right thing . " To engage with business leaders in Davos , Whitbread needs to emphasize the economic case for the charity 's work . "  If I went around talking about children , I do n't think that I would get very far , " she says . "  But if I talk about young people , democratic dividend or the fact that many of these countries are now emerging markets with increasingly young potential workforces , business people can relate to that . It all depends on how you pitch it . " WEF is not only an opportunity to make the business case for the welfare of children , but it 's also an ideal forum to strike up relations with companies keen to give back and be a part of the solution . This includes accepting pro-bono work from the likes of Boston Consulting Group to forming corporate partnerships with Bulgari , GSK , IKEA , Reckitt Benckiser and Unilever . Save the Children has been criticized in recent years , accused by some of being inefficient after Haiti 's 2010 earthquake . "  If there is genuine criticism then we look at ourselves and say ` Ok , how could we be better coordinated ? How could we be more efficient ? ' " However , she added : "  Haiti was such a difficult place to be working with in the first place . Children were n't going to school , children were going to bed hungry before the earthquake . We did n't do a good job of managing the very high expectations that were n't going to be met . Watch : A crusader for children worldwide "  We have got enrollment in school up to rates that were never the case before the earthquake , so I also think that sometimes the criticism can be unfair . " Whitbread grew up on the outskirts of London and -- apart from a spell volunteering in Uganda in her 20s -- she worked in business until the age of 36 . In 1999 , she left her job with Thomson Financial and moved her young family to Senegal in west Africa to become regional director for Oxfam . After six years with Oxfam , she made the switch to Save the Children , first as chief executive of the UK branch , and in 2010 , became the organization 's first international head . Since taking the post , Whitbread has worked to merge much of the work of the not-for-profit 's 30 national organizations . It is not a job that affords much rest . Just back from the Democratic Republic of Congo and Sierra Leone , Whitbread is about to leave for North Korea . "  I try and keep the trips quite short because I do want to get home and spend some time with the family , " she says . "  One of the great things about the work that I 'm doing now is it 's appropriate to bring one of my kids along sometimes . So my daughter came with me to India , my son to China , they 've seen quite a bit of the world . "	Jasmine Whitbread is the first international chief executive of Save the Children The charity raises $ 1.6 bn a year and works in 120 countries In 2011 , the organization helped 125 million children . Our bottom line is children 's lives , says Whitbread
Comedian-actor Patton Oswalt may not seem the most likely person to soothe the wounded national psyche after the deadly bombs that struck the Boston Marathon . Oswalt has no obvious ties to Boston , and he makes a living telling jokes , not comforting the afflicted . But Oswalt 's eloquent thoughts about the attacks , which he posted Monday afternoon to his Facebook page , have been widely passed around the Internet as an inspiring testament to humankind 's inherent goodness in the face of evil .  Warning : he uses strong language . "  I remember , when 9/11 went down , my reaction was , ` Well , I 've had it with humanity . ' But I was wrong , ' " wrote Oswalt , best known as the voice of Remy the rat from "  Ratatouille " and for playing Spencer on TV 's "  The King of Queens . " "  This is a giant planet and we 're lucky to live on it but there are prices and penalties incurred for the daily miracle of existence . One of them is , every once in awhile , the wiring of a tiny sliver of the species gets snarled and they 're pointed towards darkness , " he wrote . "  But the vast majority stands against that darkness and , like white blood cells attacking a virus , they dilute and weaken and eventually wash away the evil doers and , more importantly , the damage they wreak . This is beyond religion or creed or nation . We would not be here if humanity were inherently evil . We 'd have eaten ourselves alive long ago . "  So when you spot violence , or bigotry , or intolerance or fear or just garden-variety misogyny , hatred or ignorance , just look it in the eye and think , ` The good outnumber you , and we always will . ' " As of Tuesday afternoon , Oswalt 's post had received more than 300,000 Likes and had been shared more than 220,000 times . It has also garnered more than 12,000 comments on Facebook . Among them was this one , from a woman in Annapolis , Maryland : "  Sharing this message . This is exactly what I told my children last night . The good will always outnumber the bad . My husband was there and is safe . But my heart is just broken for those who are not . "	Comedian Patton Oswalt 's Facebook post about the Boston bombings has gone viral Oswalt : "  When 9/11 went down , my reaction was , ` Well , I 've had it with humanity . ' But I was wrong " Oswalt 's post has been shared more than 200,000 times The comic and actor voiced Remy the rat in the film "  Ratatouille "
CNN  -- Early next month , Casey Rocheteau will pack up the belongings of her Brooklyn flat , say goodbye to friends and set-off for her new home in Detroit , Michigan . The "  Motor City " was once regarded as the engine room of the U.S. economy but it has fallen upon hard times in recent decades -- or so the popular narrative goes . Now , a new venture which combines housing and the literary arts is hoping to paint the modern story of the Detroit in a more positive light . Rocheteau is the first person to receive a home completely for free as part of the Detroit Write A House program . The non-profit project is buying up and renovating foreclosed homes using crowd-sourced funds in the city 's Banglatown district . It then gives them to promising literary prospects in the fields of fiction , non-fiction , screen writing , poetry and journalism among others . All Rocheteau has to do on her end of the deal is to pay fees for insurance and taxes , take part in local literary readings and promise to live in the house for at least two years . The-29-year-old originally from Cape Cod was selected by judges from a host of other applicants for the house on the strength of her poetry that "  breaks through " and addresses "  some of the more frightening " aspects of racism . While delighted , she says she is still pinching herself to make sure she 's not dreaming and has actually won a new home . "  I saw this come up and I was a little bit skeptical as it seemed a bit too crazy that they were giving away free houses , " Rocheteau told CNN . "  But  I love the house and I 'm very excited to actually get there and start living there . Laying the foundations Write A House is the brainchild of Toby Barlow , a writer and creative director at advertising agency Team Detroit , and Sarah Cox , a writer and journalist originally from New York , who have been collaborating on the idea since 2012 . The pair hope not only to improve Detroit 's neighborhoods by filling out boarded up properties but to change outside perceptions of life in the city as well . "  As a freelance writer I 've found it to be a great place as there is so much space to cover things . You 're not living in a city like New York that has so many journalists in every area , " Cox said . A problem that has arisen due to the comparative lack of storytellers in Detroit , Cox believes , is that negative stereotypes about life in the city have been allowed to flourish . Rocheteau concurs and points out that Detroit has become a metaphor for American industrial decline -- which she describes as wholly unfair . While Detroit has certainly suffered its fair share of hardship , including filing for bankruptcy in 2013 , both Rocheteau and Cox say countering the simplistic narrative of a city in ruins is important in providing perspective . "  In Detroit there are so many stories that need to be told . It does n't matter whether you end up telling them through poetry or fiction ... there 's a lot of inspiring people here , " Cox said . Moving on up Tackling the many misconceptions surrounding Detroit and focusing on growing as a writer is for the months and years ahead , however . For now , Rocheteau is preparing to move in to her new home on November 1 and is excited to explore her new community . She said she was intrigued by the eclectic cultural mix of the neighborhood 's Bangladeshi and Polish immigrant communities when she visited in September as well as the visual art installations that dot the landscape . The house itself is compact , with one bedroom and one bathroom , and was in a state of disrepair when bought at auction for just $ 1,000 earlier this year . It has since been renovated by local companies employing young apprentices from across Detroit thanks to a $ 30,000 donation from Team Detroit and $ 33,000 raised on the crowdfunding site Indiegogo . Write A House 's initial success and the positive coverage it has received has also helped attract more donations and sponsors to buy up other houses in the coming months . "  We 're planning to do three houses next year , " Cox said . "  We already own one and are talking about picking up two more . " She added that since the original crowdfunding campaign "  we have attracted grants ... and we 've actually received $ 100,000 from the Knight Foundation  an organization that seeks to promote journalism and the arts  . " "  Crowdfunding was a great way to make it public and get attention by getting little donations . But the housing renovations are expensive and I believe we 'll be getting a mix of different grants and funding in the future . "	Detroit project purchases and renovates foreclosed homes before giving them away to aspiring literary talents First house purchased for $ 1,000 before being renovated and has been given to poet Casey Rocheteau The aim of the project is to fill in empty homes and boost Detroit 's burgeoning literary scene
CNN  -- Tiger Woods faces two challengers as he bids to retain the world 's No. 1 golf ranking for a 271st week at the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational starting in Ohio on Thursday . The 34-year-old has been at the summit for an unprecedented 612 weeks in total , but once again faces the prospect of losing top spot to fellow American Phil Mickelson -- and a new contender , world No. 3 Lee Westwood . While second-ranked Mickelson has failed to take advantage of Woods ' struggles in recent weeks , finishing only tied for 48th at the British Open , Westwood has racked up the points after placing second at his home major last month . The Englishman can go to No. 1 if he wins at Firestone and Woods is outside the top two -- or if he is second , the defending champion is 10th or lower and Mickelson does not win . Mickelson can finally surpass Woods if he wins , or if he finishes in the top four and his compatriot is outside the top 37 . "  Am I conscious of the pack closing in ? Yes , because every tournament you guys remind me , " Woods told reporters on Wednesday ahead of his bid for an eighth title in the event . "  You play . How I got here was playing golf tournaments and winning golf tournaments . " Woods will partner Westwood for the first two rounds in Akron , knowing that his rival has finished second in two majors this year and was runner-up at Firestone behind Vijay Singh in 2008 . "  I 've always enjoyed playing with Westy , he 's a great guy . We 've been going at it for a long time , " he said of the 37-year-old , who he also played with at the U.S. Open in June . "  What he 's done over the last couple of years -- I always knew he had that talent and level of play , now he is showing it . Almost every big event we always seem to get paired together . We 're going to have a good time . " Woods has dropped out of the U.S. team 's automatic qualification positions for October 's Ryder Cup after a run of poor results , tying for 23rd at the British Open at St. Andrews last month as he struggled with his putting . "  It has been off all year . I 've three-putted quite a few times , which I do n't do normally , so I 've had to go back to basics and practice a bit more , " he said . "  I have n't worked on it as much as I should have the last couple of years , so I 've had to go back to that . " Masters champion Mickelson , whose only victory at Firestone came at the World Series of Golf in 1996 , will partner young Northern Irishman Rory McIlroy in the first two rounds . U.S. . Open champion Graeme McDowell will play with three-time major winner Padraig Harrington , who returned to form with second place at last weekend 's Irish Open .	Phil Mickelson and Lee Westwood hoping to take Tiger Woods ' No. 1 ranking Woods has been at the summit for 270 consecutive weeks , and 612 overall No. 2 Mickelson can surpass Woods if he wins or finishes in top four and compatriot 38th Westwood needs to win and have Woods finish outside the top two at Firestone
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Boston trolley operator killed in a crash last year likely had a sleep disorder and fell into a "  micro-sleep " shortly before the collision , the National Transportation Safety Board ruled Tuesday . Since last year 's trolley crash in Boston , Massachusetts , there has been another incident on the same line . The safety board , completing a 14-month investigation , faulted operator Ter ` rese Edmonds for ignoring a red signal along the tracks but directed harsh criticism at the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority which operates the train system . The transit authority failed to screen operators for sleep disorders while enforcing a work schedule that could prevent train operators from getting enough sleep , the NTSB said . The NTSB 's conclusion that Edmonds fell asleep is partly conjecture , the board acknowledged . Edmonds , a part-time trolley operator , had an opportunity for adequate sleep the day of the wreck , although investigators were not able to determine her sleep history . In addition , Edmonds had been given a break earlier in the day , had not complained to co-workers about fatigue and was found to be free of drugs and alcohol . "  We can not say for certain that she did have it  sleep apnea  , " board member Dr. Mitch Garber said . But the NTSB concluded there was a "  high likelihood " that Edmonds had an undiagnosed sleep disorder , largely because she was obese and because tests showed she had taken doxylamine , an ingredient commonly found in sleep aids , suggesting she had trouble sleeping during at least one of the nights leading up to the accident . In addition , there is a lack of other evidence to explain why Edmonds failed to slow or stop the train , the board concluded . Tests showed that the stopped train could be seen at a distance of 764 feet , and that "  there were multiple opportunities to slow and stop this  advancing  train , " NTSB investigator Wayne Workman said . "  There was not any evidence that brakes were applied . " Edmonds ' westbound train was traveling at 38 mph when it struck the other train , which was traveling at 3 mph in the same direction . An estimated 185 to 200 passengers were on the two trains during the collision in the Boston , Massachusetts , suburb of Newton . Damage was estimated at $ 8.6 million . The board also noted that the MBTA had not installed systems on its Green Line to prevent two trains from occupying the same stretch of track , the NTSB said . The systems , known as "  positive train control " systems , would have prevented the accident , the safety board said . One year after the fatal accident , more than 50 people were injured in another accident on the same line . The Boston accident highlights two issues that have risen to the top of the NTSB 's concerns in recent years , positive train control and operator fatigue . The safety board says positive train control issues were involved in two other light rail incidents this year , a May 8 wreck on the same MBTA Green Line and a June 22 wreck which killed nine on Washington , D.C. 's Metro system . "  If technology exists ... on the other  MBTA  lines , why would the Green Line not have everything possible ... to prevent accidents from happening , " NTSB Chairman Mark Rosenker asked . "  I do n't understand that as an operator ; I just do n't . " The Metro system had a form of positive train separation , but investigators are exploring whether that crash resulted from a circuit malfunction . The safety board said fatigue issues affect all forms of transportation . It noted that two pilots fell asleep during a flight over Hawaii and that sleep issues played a role in a Cosco Busan ship incident in San Francisco , California , and a fatal bus crash in Mexican Hat , Utah . Rosenker said details that surfaced in the Boston trolley crash will guide the NTSB in the future . "  Now it is up to us , because we now are the advocates for these changes , " Rosenker said . Recommendations resulting from the Boston crash "  raise the bar of safety not only in this system , but across the United States . "	Obesity , evidence that operator was taking sleep aid leads to conjecture Transportation board criticized for failing to screen for sleep disorders Board also notes lack of systems to prevent trains from using same stretch of track
CNN  -- Refugees at a settlement in southwestern Uganda have barricaded all roads into the camp to protest a food-aid disruption they say has caused the deaths of several children , refugee leaders said Tuesday . "  We have spent three months without any food supplies from government nor from any food relief or humanitarian agency , " Congolese refugee leader Serugendo Sekalinda said by telephone . The protest began Tuesday after the deaths of three children Monday night , refugees said . Those were the latest of dozens of children who have died in the past two weeks due to hunger , refugee leaders said . But Needa Jehu Hoyah , a spokeswoman for the United Nations refugee agency , known as the UNHCR , told CNN by telephone from the Ugandan capital , Kampala , that no children have died in the Nakivale settlement , which has tens of thousands of refugees . "  We have a malnutrition program -LSB- in Nakivale -RSB- for children , -LSB- but -RSB- no children have died of hunger there , " she said . The UNHCR , along with the U.N. 's World Food Program and the Ugandan government , will deliver a food shipment to the settlement Wednesday , Hoyah said . Uganda 's disaster preparedness and refugees minister , professor Tarsis Kabwejyere , told CNN that the refugees living in that camp -- most of whom fled fighting in the Democratic Republic of Congo -- would have their full rations Wednesday . For a time they 've been getting half rations , he said . "  By tomorrow there will be no food crisis at that settlement , " Kabwejyere said . "  We do our best to make sure humanity survives , even in the hardships in refugee settlements , so people have a reasonable existence . " The food shortage came about as a result of a disruption in the food supply chain and a shortage of money for food , the minister said . Hoyah agreed that there "  were issues with the food pipeline . " Protesters at the Nakivale settlement , about 400 kilometers  248 miles  southwest of Kampala and 6 kilometers  3.7 miles  north of the Ugandan border with Tanzania , gathered at the homes where the most recent deaths of children have occurred , Sekalinda said . "  We are demanding to be relocated to another country where we can be protected from death caused by hunger , " he said . While the settlement 's population is composed mainly of refugees from the Democratic Republic of Congo , it also houses refugees from conflicts in Rwanda , Ethiopia , Somalia , Eritrea and Kenya . Nakivale is the largest and oldest of the five refugee settlements in Uganda , having opened more than two decades ago . People living there are provided small plots of land on which to grow crops , and they often build huts made of mud , water and thatched grass . As many as 155,000 refugees live in all the camps in Uganda , according to the UNHCR . As of January of this year , there were also an estimated 853,000 internally displaced persons , or IDPs , the UNHCR says on its Web site . The IDPs were forced from their villages in the past decade by attacks from the Lord 's Resistance Army , which wants to create a democratic government in Uganda based on the Bible 's Ten Commandments . Last week , an African Union summit in Kampala endorsed a declaration to end the forceful displacement of people in all of Africa . Delegates to the poorly attended summit also pledged to aid refugees and IDPs by training them in vocational skills so they could find work during and after their forced displacement . Journalist Samson Ntale in Kampala , Uganda , contributed to this report	Lack of food causing deaths of children , refugees at Ugandan settlement say Protest began after three children died Monday , refugee leader says United Nations refugee agency denies any child has died of hunger at Nakivale But agency acknowledges supply problem , says food coming Wednesday
Commerce City , Colorado  CNN  -- Maria Zepeda-Sanchez remembers the excitement of the "  change " argument in 2008 . "  There was really a change then , " she said with a nostalgic smile . "  People were really anxious to have a new person . " Working the phones for President Barack Obama again four years later , though , change has a new -- and to her troubling -- meaning . "  Different . It 's a little different , " she said of the then and now reaction when calling Latino voters in Colorado . "  It was more hype I think back in 2008 , yes . " And now ? "  Some people are still really excited , " Zepeda-Sanchez said during a brief break from her phone bank work . "  Others say , ` Oh , I do n't know , well , I have n't made up my mind . ' " Then comes the sales pitch , and the new reality of incumbency -- of 2012 . "  Well you say , ` he has done this , and this , ' " Zepeda-Sanchez told CNN . "  And they say , ` Well he promised a lot of things . ' " Latinos made up 13 % of the Colorado vote four years ago , and 61 % voted for then-Sen . Obama as he turned Colorado blue after GOP presidential victories in 1996 , 2000 and 2004 . But this time , battleground Colorado is tougher territory . Not that Latinos have switched loyalties and plan to give significantly higher support to GOP nominee Mitt Romney compared to John McCain four years ago . The question is not will Obama dominate the Latino vote , it is whether Latino turnout will rival 2008 levels -- here and in other key battlegrounds . Zepeda-Sanchez is a little worried . "  Yes , yes , it is a little bit harder , " she says of the then and now . "  Sometimes some of them say , ` Well I do n't know who to vote for - these two evils , you know . ' " She is a battle-tested volunteer . And shrugs off the idea that this time around is more discouraging . "  You go , ` You know , you voted for this person last time . Give him another chance . ... He needs four more years to do what he needs to do . ' " As critical as Latino turnout is for Obama in Colorado , the intensity -- and strength -- of the evangelical vote is a pivotal piece of Romney 's path to victory in the state . "  He can not win unless he wins convincingly among evangelicals , " said Pastor Gino Geraci of the Cavalry South Denver Chapel in Littleton , a close-in Denver suburb . Math backs up that assessment ; white evangelicals made up 23 % of the Colorado electorate in 2008 . "  Think about life , think about liberty , think about character and then cast your ballot , " was part of Geraci 's Sunday sermon at Calvary South Denver . Geraci steered clear of any mention of the candidates or political party from the pulpit , though in an interview he made it clear he will vote for Romney -- but not without some hesitation . "  I was a little frustrated because he seems to have equivocated on the issue of life , and then he has come down quite dramatically on the issue of life , " Geraci said at a suburban sanctuary that was once a supermarket . In talking to many of his 1,200 congregants , Geraci said the consistent complaint is unhappiness with both major presidential candidates . "  The frustration of not wanting to vote for either , " Geraci said . "  So I feel my role is to encourage people to vote . " Will they ? Geraci said his conversations convince him the combination of economic and values concerns are going to motivate a high evangelical turnout -- "  a far greater turnout " than in 2008 . Visits to the competing campaign headquarters and satellite offices provide instant proof of the urgent emphasis on turnout - the so-called ground game , including nudging less reliable voters to take advantage of Colorado 's early voting window , which opens October 22 . "  We are , I believe , at ground zero in the presidential election , " is the view of veteran Democratic strategist Michael Stratton . Heading into the final four weeks , Stratton said Colorado is again up for grabs -- and a new University of Denver poll released this past weekend backs that up . In the survey , Obama received 47 % support to 43 % for Romney . Just shy of six in 10 Coloradans said the economy was the top issue , and they gave Romney a slight edge  50 % - to 45 %  when asked which candidate would do a better job on the economy . Poll : Obama slightly ahead in Colorado , Romney won debate "  Before the concept of red and blue , before the concept of purple , you remember they called Colorado a ticket splitter state , " Stratton said in a coffee shop interview across the street from his Denver office . Bill Clinton won Colorado in 1992 , but lost it in 1996 . George W. Bush carried it twice , but never with more than 52 % of the vote . Then Obama returned Colorado to the blue column in 2008 , winning rather comfortably with 54 % . Since then , however , unemployment in the state has risen a bit , from 7.2 % when Obama took office to 8.2 % now . In the University of Denver poll , 23 % of Coloradans said their personal economic situation had improved over the past year , 41 % said it has stayed the same , and 36 % said it was worse . In addition to evangelicals , Stratton said Romney can safely count on deep support from the state 's Mormon voters - like Romney members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints . "  In some places , as you know , there are concerns about Mormonism , " Stratton said . "  People here all know Mormons . They are family people . You wo n't hear as in some parts of the country , ` who are these people ? Are they some weird cult or something ? ' ... The Mormon thing helps him here . " The keys for the president , he said , are healthy turnout among Latinos and a heavy focus on suburban women . On that front , Stratton believes the GOP convention gave Democrats some help . "  Some of this regressive rhetoric about getting rid of Planned Parenthood or taking birth control out of a women 's health plan - that is troublesome to voters , " Stratton said . "  Women are a larger majority of voters in Colorado than they are in a lot of states . " Both campaigns said having Denver as the site of last week 's first presidential debate helped bring extra enthusiasm to their state organizations . "  It will be close here , " Stratton said . "  It will be close in Colorado regardless . " More battleground coverage from CNN 's John King : Revived auto industry gives Obama advantage in Michigan Iowa 's six electoral votes could be decisive In Ohio , swing state politics have real-life impact African-American turnout critical for Obama in Pennsylvania	Democratic strategist : "  We are , I believe , at ground zero in the presidential election " President Barack Obama will need the support of Latinos and suburban women to win Colorado GOP challenger Mitt Romney will need support from the state 's white evangelicals to win it Bill Clinton won Colorado in 1992 , but lost it in 1996 . George W. Bush carried it twice ; Obama won it in 2008
A massive church was razed to the ground this week in Wenzhou , a coastal Chinese city nicknamed the "  Jerusalem of the East " for its large Christian population . Local officials responsible for the demolition say the church was an illegal structure that was four times the permitted structure size . But Christian groups are concerned that the demolition signals an official campaign against religious organizations . The Sanjiang Church took 12 years and 30 million yuan  $ 4.7 million  to build , reports Chinese media . Its soaring spires were a symbol of worship in a city that is fifteen percent Christian . The church 's demolition on Monday was preceded by a month-long standoff between supporters of the church and local authorities , with supporters occupying the church to protest its destruction . The church was originally a government-approved project under the official "  Three-Self Patriotic Movement , " a state-sanctioned Protestant church . Last September it was lauded by the local government as a model engineering project . But the official rhetoric has since changed entirely . Jin Leibo , a spokesperson from the propaganda department of Yongjia County , where Sanjiang Church was located , told CNN that the church was destroyed as it was "  illegal . " "  The building area should be within 1,881 square meters , but they built 7,928 square meters illegally , " Jin said . The church was asked to "  self-rectify " by April 22 , but workers only managed to tear down 500 square meters by deadline , according to officials . By Monday evening the church had been flattened by bulldozers . Five local government officials are currently under investigation in relation to the illegal construction of the church , according to Jin . One official was arrested , and another is in custody . Representatives of the church could not be reached for comment by CNN . U.S.-based Christian rights group China Aid says the faithful are worried that the church demolition could be a sign that the government is tightening its grip over the spread of Christianity in China . The organization claims that churches in different parts of Wenzhou and Hangzhou are currently "  facing persecution " as a result of a provincial campaign against religious structures that was set into motion after Zhejiang Party Secretary Xia Baolong visited churches across the province and deemed them "  too conspicuous . " Under Communist Party rule since 1949 , China is officially an atheist country , but Christianity is growing . According to the Pew Research Center , China 's Christian population had reached 67 million by 2010 , the second largest in Asia .	$ 4.7 million landmark church has been demolished in China Officials responsible for demolition say church was an illegal structure Christian rights group says demolition signals an official anti-religious campaign
CNN  -- The Champions League is back and we ca n't wait to get started . Ahead of Tuesday 's opening group games in Europe 's biggest club competition , we take you through everything you need to know . Can Real Madrid retain its title ? Will Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi break the goalscoring record ? Can Jose Mourinho win it with a third different club ? All will be revealed on June 6 in Berlin , but here 's the guide to who , what , where and when -- it 's the Champions League and it 's back . Can Real do it again ? No club has ever successfully defended the Champions League title since the competition was revamped in 1992 . And Real , which won "  la decima " last season , it 's 10th European Cup , will face a struggle to handle the challenge despite its star-studded squad . Carlo Ancelotti , the manager , can call upon the mercurial talents of Ronaldo , Gareth Bale , Karim Benzema and the latest "  Galactico " to arrive in the Spanish capital -- James Rodriguez . Toni Kroos , part of the Bayern Munich team which lifted the trophy in 2013 , has also made the move to Santiago Bernabeu and slots into midfield alongside Luka Modric . But while there have been plenty of arrivals , Real has lost key players with the departures of Xabi Alonso to Bayern and Angel di Maria to Manchester United . Results have been sketchy too -- a defeat by rival Atletico Madrid in the Spanish Super Cup was disappointing but nowhere near as embarrassing as the 4-2 loss against Real Sociedad . On Saturday It was also beaten at home in the league -- by rivals Atletico again . Real will start its Champions League campaign at home against Swiss side Basel before facing Bulgarian minnow Ludogorets and Liverpool . Barcelona 's biting point ? After the disappointment of losing out to Diego Simeone 's Atletico in last year 's semifinal and failing to win the league title , Barcelona has turned to one of football 's bad boys to reinvigorate its squad . Luis Suarez , the man banned for biting , will miss the club 's first three Champions League matches as he serves a four-month suspension following his transgression at the World Cup . He will return to action in "  El Clasico " against Real Madrid on October 25 and will then be available for selection in all forms of football . Suarez 's goals helped propel Liverpool into the Champions League following a successful season on Merseyside . He will now link up with Messi and Neymar in one of the most frightening front threes in the game but can he keep his cool at Camp Nou ? Ronaldo vs. Messi Another season , another showdown . Ronaldo and Messi are both aiming to become the competition 's record scorer and surpass Raul 's total of 71 . Both Real 's Ronaldo and Barcelona 's Messi have scored 67 each and are on the brink of moving ahead of Raul , who has led the scoring charts since February 2001 . Ronaldo has scored at least 10 goals in each of his past three Champions League campaigns and last year he set a single-season record with an astonishing 17 . Messi has managed at least eight in his past six Champions League seasons but can he stop Real from defending its title ? Dare to Zlatan ? Are referees scared of Zlatan Ibrahimovic ? That 's one view being espoused by Austrian captain Aleksandar Dragovic , whose side drew 1-1 with Ibrahimovic 's Sweden last week . Ibrahimovic appeared to elbow David Alaba during the European Championship qualifier but somehow escaped any disciplinary action . "  It was a red card for me . The referee was scared of Zlatan , " said Dragovic . But Zlatan is Zlatan and the forward who will spearhead Paris Saint-Germain 's Champions League challenge , had a different version of events . "  The referee has everything under control , " he told reporters . "  He -LSB- Alaba -RSB- goes into me twice and the third time I try to shield the ball and he -LSB- Alaba -RSB- is 1.50 m or 1.60 m tall and then he obviously reaches up to my elbow . " Ibrahimovic will be on his own personal tour of former clubs with PSG set to face both Barcelona and Ajax . Cypriot side APOEL complete the group . Bayern Pepped up ? After winning the trophy against Borussia Dortmund at Wembley in 2013 , last year 's competition was a real disappointment for Bayern . Under new manager Pep Guardiola , it reached the semifinals where it imploded by losing 4-0 at home to Real Madrid in the second leg . A 5-0 aggregate defeat was an embarrassing end to a campaign which had begun with much promise . This time though , Bayern is back and looking even stronger . It has added Robert Lewandowski , the former Borussia Dortmund striker , while Sebastian Rode has joined from Eintracht Frankfurt . Kroos and Mario Mandzukic have both moved on but Bayern retain a formidable look . Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery pose a threat on the wings , Thomas Muller and Mario Gotze both enjoyed an excellent World Cup campaign with Germany , while Xherdan Shaqiri has enjoyed a strong start to the season . Why is Manchester City so unlucky ? Manchester City has had a raw deal in the Champions League so far . It might be the best team in England but because of the way the seeding system works , it has often been given the toughest possible group draws . This time around it faces Bayern , Roma and Russian side CSKA Moscow in what has been labeled as the "  Group of Death . " In 2011 , City had a similar experience after being paired with Bayern , Napoli and Villarreal -- a group from which it failed to escape . A year later , it got worse . City failed to win a single group game after being lumped in with eventual finalist Dortmund , Real and Ajax . Last season , City finally got over the first hurdle along with Bayern , though it was then beaten in the round of 16 by Barcelona . This time around , Manuel Pellegrini 's team will open its campaign at the Allianz Arena against Bayern -- its never easy for City . Shakhtar security Shakhtar Donetsk faces a real challenge to progress from its group after being forced to play its games 600 miles away in Lviv . The Ukrainian-Russian conflict has already meant the club has switched its league fixtures to Kiev but now it faces playing at another of the country 's stadiums . Shakhtar is in Group H along with Athletic Bilbao , BATE Borisov and 2004 champion Porto . Money , money , money Real was the big winner both on and off the field last season . The champion earned $ 74.3 million from its run to the final which includes the $ 13.5 million it pocketed for winning the competition . According to figures provided by UEFA , teams in the Champions League and Europa League shared more than $ 1.4 billion in prize money last season . Even Belgian side Anderlecht , which failed to win a single game in last season 's group stage , went home with over $ 15.5 million . The 32 clubs in this season 's group stage could earn a minimum of $ 11 million , while there is a $ 1.3 million on offer for each victory and $ 650,000 for a draw . Teams which reach the round of 16 will earn $ 4.5 million each , the quarterfinalists $ 5 million and the semifinalists $ 6.3 million . The champion will collect a cool $ 13.5 million with the second placed side picking up $ 8.4 million . Who 's not coming to the party ? While some of the world 's top players will be in action there are plenty who will be missing from the Champions League . Manchester United , which last failed to qualify for the Champions League in 1995 , is the biggest loser along with Italian duo AC Milan and Napoli . United 's absence means the likes of Radamel Falcao , Wayne Rooney and Di Maria will all have to watch the action from their sofas . While United and Milan both failed to qualify for the Europa League , Napoli will be involved . Gonzalo Higuian , Lorenzo Insigne and Marek Hamsik will be the three to watch for Rafa Benitez 's side .	The 2014 Champions League starts Tuesday September 16 Real Madrid aiming to become first team to successfully defend title since revamp in 1992 32 teams from across Europe vying for glory Final to be held in Berlin on June 6
Washington  CNN  -- The super PAC backed by the Koch brothers is making its final push in Kansas on Thursday with a seven figure ad buy urging voters to keep independent candidate Greg Orman out of the Senate . Orman has remained tight-lipped on which party he would caucus with if elected , but the Koch-backed super PAC is funneling more than $ 1.1 million into Kansas airwaves to make sure Orman does n't get the chance to cast the deciding vote for Senate control . Freedom Partners Action Fund , the sole super PAC in the Koch brothers ' vast network of political groups , is launching two TV ads in Kansas that link Orman to President Barack Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . The ads will run through Election Day . "  The future of Kansas , of our country could depend on you , " the narrator says in one ad . "  Kansas can stop Harry Reid and Barack Obama 's failed policies . How ? Do n't vote for Greg Orman . " Recent polls show Orman is neck-and-neck with incumbent Republican Sen. Pat Roberts in one of the most watched Senate races this cycle . And after Democrats pulled their candidate to boost Orman 's chances of unseating Roberts , Republicans have made every attempt to paint Orman as a Democrat-in-disguise . It 's a strategy the Koch-backed group has also adopted , dropping $ 6.5 million of ads in six other battleground Senate races to paint a vote for Democratic Senate candidates as a vote for Obama . The pair of Kansas ads might be the group 's final push , but it 's not their first . The super PAC threw $ 500,000 worth of TV time last month with the same strategy of linking Orman to Obama . Orman and Roberts are tied at 46 % of support , according to a Monmouth University poll released Monday . A CNN/ORC poll earlier this month also judged the race a statistical tie , with Roberts leading by just one point with 49 % . Orman is just one of the candidates this year who could shake things up in the Senate . In South Dakota , former Sen. and now-Independent Larry Pressler is a top contender in a competitive three-man race -- and there 's also a chance he could caucus with Democrats . And in North Carolina , a separate Koch-backed group is on the airwaves with an ad supporting libertarian candidate Sean Haugh in a ploy clearly aimed at siphoning liberal votes away from Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan . " -LSB- Sean Haugh -RSB- supports our progressive values . Pro-legalization , pro-environment . More weed , less war , " a young female narrator says in the ad . An independent candidate polling at about 3 % in Georgia could also push the race to a runoff in January if neither the Democrat or Republicans crack the 50 % vote threshold .	Koch-backed super PAC is pushing two TV ads worth over $ 1.1 million to defeat Greg Orman Orman , an independent , could cast the deciding vote in deciding control of the Senate Orman has n't said who he would caucus with , but Republicans are painting him as a Democrat-in-disguise The ad buy follows the same group 's $ 6.5 million injection into 6 other competitive states
CNN  From the sweltering heat of the Sahara Desert to the subzero temperatures at both North and South Poles , Fiona Oakes ' running obsession knows no bounds . Dubbed the "  Queen of the Extreme , " the record-breaking runner has completed more than 50 marathons and ultramarathons , but she remains determinedly modest about her feats . "  I do n't keep my medals , I do n't know where they are . I do n't have trophies -- people have cabinets of trophies -- the dogs have chewed most of mine , " Oakes told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I do n't have cuttings from newspapers ... I 'm not interested . I would never say to people : ' I am this ' or ' I am that ' -- it 's not something that I 'm predisposed to shout about . I do n't think I 'm very special at all , to be honest . " Perhaps the 48-year-old needs to rethink her definition of special given her punishing schedule is religiously maintained despite her suffering from a potentially crippling knee complaint -- a legacy of reconstructive surgery during her teens . "  I had a tumor  in my right knee  when I was 14 years old , it was n't discovered until I was 17 , by which time I had lost an awful lot of weight -- I think I weighed around five stone , " she explains . "  In the end I had radical surgery to remove the kneecap and knee joint . It was in plaster for about three years . I was told that I would n't walk properly again , let alone do anything like running . It 's painful when I run , but I can manage it because I know what to expect . " Oakes started running properly just over a decade ago and soon found her stride , winning her first half-marathon in a course-record time before stepping up to compete over 26.2 miles and beyond . Today , she routinely finishes conventional marathons in around two hours , 50 minutes and has a personal best of two hours , 38 minutes -- a shade over the A standard required to qualify for the 2012 Olympic Games . When she 's not pounding the tarmac in city marathons , Oakes competes in some of the world 's toughest endurance races counting the Volcano Marathon in Chile 's Atacama Desert -- an 150-mile ultramarathon run at altitudes in excess of 4,400 meters  14,600 feet  -- and the similarly challenging Marathon des Sables where competitors run six marathons in six days through the Sahara Desert among her conquests . She still winces at the memory of competing in that 154-mile Saraha event , dubbed the world 's toughest footrace . "  The Marathon des Sables in 2012 was appallingly tough . The week before I went I broke two toes -- a horse stood on my foot . "  Trying to complete the Marathon des Sables is a tough ask , but trying to complete it with broken toes was brutal . For the whole week I lived on painkillers ... it was just appalling , but it did toughen me up , " she says . The following year , Oakes broke three world records becoming the fastest woman to run a marathon on each continent -- clocking an aggregate time of 26 hours , 18 minutes and 43 seconds -- as well as recording the fastest aggregate and elapsed times for running marathons on all seven continents plus the North Pole -- a place she remembers warmly . "  I think my favorite marathon has to be the North Pole , purely because it 's a marathon on the top of the world . It 's such an unrealistic place to be actually running a marathon , and also I caught a glimpse of a polar bear -- which has to be one of the highlights of my life . " There is no let up in her schedule when she 's crosses the finish line -- once she 's got her breath back it 's straight back to the day job running an animal sanctuary at her home in Asheldham , Essex . With 400 animals including horses , pigs , sheep and dogs to care for around the clock as well as keeping up her training routine of 100 miles every week , it 's no surprise that Oakes has little time for anything else . "  My life is very , very regimented , it 's hard to fit in the running around caring for the animals . I have to get up at 3.30 in the morning and I work through till probably nine or 10 o'clock at night , " she says . "  People forget that if you train for something very , very hard it has a detrimental effect on the people around you . I have no personal or family life . Every minute of my time that is not spent caring for my animals is spent dedicated to running . "  It might be that whenever someone else is having a Christmas day lunch , I 'm putting my running shoes and going out to run 30 miles . " Running has helped her raise money for the animal sanctuary and also allowed her to promote a positive image of veganism , though Oakes , who has n't eaten animal products since her teenage years , is keen not to sound too preachy . "  I do n't like to dwell on the vegan thing because  you  quickly gets marked as some sort of fruitcake or an animal rights extremist and I do n't want to appear to be telling people what to do -- it 's a personal thing , " she says . But she can not deny feeling a deep sense of satisfaction about helping change the perception that vegans somehow lack energy because of their diet . "  I became so frustrated by constantly being told you ca n't do  running  as a vegan  and that  vegans are weak , vegans will keel over if they try to do something extreme . I wanted to prove my point . "  I just want to be an example to say that if these people are considering this lifestyle , it can be done on a plant-based diet . " As if to hammer home her point , Oakes recently attempted to run seven marathons in seven days on seven continents -- running in a "  cow costume " to raise awareness of animal cruelty . Her hopes of completing the Triple 7 Quest were dashed at the last though when poor weather prevented her flying from Chile to Antarctica to complete the final leg of the race . "  It was really devastating at the finish , but I could n't wait , I had to come home for the animals . I 'm not at an extendable budget with time so I had to leave , " she said . Next month , Oakes will be off on her travels again , returning to Morocco to compete in her third Marathon des Sables , before heading back onto the road to compete at the Berlin Marathon later in the year where she aims to better her 17th-place finish achieved in 2006 . "  I 'm always focusing on what I 'm about to do next , " she says , before quietly conceding running is n't always her favorite activity . "  I do n't particularly enjoy running . The training is extremely difficult and I do push to the absolute limits . I enjoy the results that are achieved from the running ... I like to take on challenges that would be almost impossible and prove that I can do it . "	British amateur runner competes in marathons and ultramarathons Oakes underwent reconstructive surgery on knee as a teenager The 48-year old runs to raise money for her animal sanctuary Oakes is passionate about veganism and promoting positive image of plant-based diet
CNN  -- Roger Federer claimed his third title of the season with a 6-4 6-3 victory over Germany 's Florian Mayer in the final of the Stockholm Open on Sunday . It was the world number two 's 64th career ATP title , joining Pete Sampras in fourth on the all-time career list . American legend Jimmy Connors with 109 tournament wins heads the list , with Ivan Lendl  94  in second and John McEnroe  77  third . The 16-time grand slam winner was always in command as he bounced back from his defeat to Andy Murray in last week 's Shanghai Masters final . His last visit to Sweden had been a decade ago when he was beaten in the second round , but this time around he made no mistake . "  Ten years ago I came here with no expectations and now I 'm back as the favourite , ' Federer told AFP . "  Anything but a win would be disappointing . I played a great event , it was a tough final . Florian played well a terrific final . I 'm very happy to win . " Federer 's other two titles in 2010 have come in the Australian Open and Cincinnati Masters prior to the U.S. Open . Meanwhile , unseeded Serbian Viktor Troicki fought back from a set down to claim his maiden ATP title in the Kremlin Cup in Moscow , beating fourth seed Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus 3-6 6-4 6-3 . Troicki gained the decisive break of service in the decider to claim a 4-1 lead and he served out to win the match as he converted his first match point with a crisp volley . Earlier , second seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus won the WTA tournament being held at the same arena , beating home home hope Maria Kirilenko 6-3 6-4 in the final . Unseeded Roberta Vinci of Italy won the WTA tournament in Luxembourg with a 6-3 6-4 victory over eighth seed Julia Gorges of Germany in the final .	Roger Federer wins Stockholm Open title for the first time Swiss maestro beats Germany 's Florian Mayer 6-4 6-3 in the final Federer draws level with Pete Sampras with 64 ATP Tour titles Viktor Troicki claims maiden ATP crown at the Kremlin Cup in Moscow
CNN  -- The expulsion of an international medical NGO providing a vital lifeline to displaced Muslims in Myanmar 's Rakhine state has raised fears other aid agencies could be next . Advocates for the Rohingya Muslim minority -- tens of thousands of whom have been displaced by sectarian violence and are forced to live in sealed camps -- fear the move is part of a push by extremist Rakhine nationalists to cut off a lifeline to the persecuted ethnic group and help drive them from the state in western Myanmar . "  It is absolutely shocking , especially that the government seems to bow to the demands of protesters in the face of international human rights concerns , " said Chris Lewa , founder of the Arakan Project , an NGO which advocates on the Rohingya issue . "  I 'm really , really concerned , if the government is bowing to these extremists ' requests , where it 's going to go . " Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  was banned from operating in the volatile state last week , following protests by ethnic Rakhine nationalists against the organization and other international NGOs . Myanmar 's government said the organization had been banned for consistently showing bias towards the state 's Muslim minority and breaching the terms of its agreement to operate in Rakhine , where it provided services to tens of thousands of patients . Human Rights Watch slammed the move , with senior researcher David Mathieson describing the expulsion as "  simply deplorable . " Lewa said MSF was the major NGO provider of healthcare in the state and its expulsion would "  have devastating consequences on the Rohingya population , " as well as impacting members of the Rakhine ethnic group which relied on its services . "  There is no other international NGO providing this kind of assistance , " she said . She feared other aid agencies could be next to be targeted . "  The extremists have been protesting not only against MSF -- it has been against all international NGOs , the UN , even the ICRC , " she said . She feared that cutting off international aid to the Rohingya -- many of whom were prevented from working by travel restrictions that leave them stranded in vast camps -- was part of a push by Rakhine extremists to hound them from the state . "  The most worrying thing is where is it going to stop . " READ MORE : Medecins Sans Frontieres banned in Rakhine state for alleged "  Rohingya bias " The Rohingya are a stateless Muslim minority in Rakhine state , thought to number between 800,000 and one million . Myanmar does not recognize them as citizens or one of the country 's 135 recognized ethnic groups . Much of this is rooted in their heritage in East Bengal , now called Bangladesh . Though many Rohingya have only known life in Myanmar , they are widely viewed as intruders from across the border . According to Human Rights Watch , laws discriminate against the Rohingya , infringing on their freedom of movement , education , and employment . They are denied land and property rights and ownership , and land on which they live can be taken away at any given time . Public sentiment against aid workers rose in the impoverished state in the second half of last year , according to the U.N. 's Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . Last week , aid agency Mercy Malaysia withdrew staff from Rakhine due to the heightened tensions , in a move it said was temporary . MSF has not commented on latest developments , other than to say it was "  deeply shocked " and that its services were provided according to medical need only . READ MORE : Rights group alleges "  ethnic cleansing " in Myanmar But in an editorial submitted to regional newspapers last year , the organization 's Myanmar operational manager Lauren Cooney addressed the accusations of bias that had been directed at the organization in the wake of two incidents of violence on November 2 that resulted in four deaths . MSF medical teams had transferred three injured Muslims to hospital after being notified by leaders of a displaced persons ' camp , she wrote . The organization subsequently learned that injured Rakhine Buddhists had been ferried to hospital in a boat organized by their community . MSF staff would have assisted the injured Buddhists had they been notified , she wrote . Lewa said MSF 's recent public comment on an alleged massacre at Du Chee Yar Tan village near the township of Maungdaw in January had exacerbated ill-feeling toward the group . The U.N. says at least 40 Rohingya men , women and children were killed by security forces and ethnic Rakhine assailants , but the government strongly denies the account . MSF drew criticism after it publicly stated it had treated 22 people in the area for weapon wounds after the alleged killing spree , with Myanmar 's presidential spokesman Ye Htut previously telling CNN the comments had been the "  final straw " for the Rakhine state government when it came to the NGO . "  The state government and local people think the MSF is intentionally creating tension in the community by spreading baseless information like this , " he said , adding that he believed the government would be able to replace MSF 's services itself . Htut did not respond to requests for comment Tuesday .	There are fears NGOs could be expelled from Myanmar 's volatile Rakhine state Medecins Sans Frontieres was banned following protests by extremist Rakhine nationalists The government backs their allegations that the NGO favors Rohingya Muslims Advocates for the persecuted Rohingya fear the move is part of a push to drive them out
EW.com  -- The major broadcast networks are deep in the trenches of upfronts week , rebuilding their fall lineups for the future . But some people remain trapped in the past â $ " specifically last week , when NBC finally canceled "  Community " after five seasons of almost canceling "  Community . " Rumors immediately began to circle that "  Community " would get picked up for a long-prophesied sixth season by someone â $ " Hulu , or Comedy Central , or I guess now WGN America is a thing ? Those rumors led in turn to counter-rumors that Community showrunner/messiah/demonic inspiration Dan Harmon did n't actually want "  Community " to continue . And there were probably other rumors , like the rumor about how "  Community " star Danny Pudi 's appearance in "  Captain America 2 " was intended to set up a future Marvel spin-off directed by Justin Lin where it turns out the characters on "  Community " were the New Warriors the whole time . EW : Community ' season 5 - A visual analysis Harmon has now taken to Tumblr to clarify his position , in a surprisingly serene post directed at Community fans . "  I 'm getting tweets from some anxious sounding fans , " writes Harmon , "  Tweets that make me anxious because I feel like I 've made THEM anxious with my silence . " He admits to some reticence to continue with the show : "  When Sony called me on Friday with the news , there was brief discussion at the end of the call about the concept of the show living elsewhere , and I was definitely in the ` eh ' column . " But do n't assume too much from that : "  I said ` eh ' on a Friday afternoon , I will change it to a ` sure , let 's talk ' on Monday morning and Sony can do their thing . I 'm not going to be the guy that recancels cancelled Community . " EW : ` Community ' canceled Harmon cautions that "  there are lots of reasons a Community resurrection could be difficult . " But he also has a nice message for "  Community " fans : "  I honestly think you can totally sit back and relax for this chapter . I know you do n't feel relaxed but I mean you do n't have to worry that someone on this planet is n't aware of this show 's value to its audience . There are actually astronauts on a space station right now saying "  we get it , you love Community " in Chinese . You have done your thing . " It 's worth reading Harmon 's whole post , which features , among other things , Harmon expressing a bit of skepticism about how the new system of TV can actually wind up exploiting fanbases , "  like a corporation is doing you a favor by feeding you low grade opiate through a regulated tube . " Meanwhile , rumors persist that NBC is in development on a new limited-run straight-to-series British Import drama starring Katherine Heigl , Feeding You Low Grade Opiate Through a Regulated Tube . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Rumors started circulating about "  Community " Creator says resurrecting the show would be hard He said fans have "  done your thing "
CNN  -- If you are reluctant to challenge your physician on a certain procedure or medicine , you are hardly alone . Focus groups show that many patients feel intimidated by their doctors . They 're reluctant to take an active role in discussing their care because they 're afraid that the doctor will see them as "  difficult . " Recently , nine medical associations each took the unusual step of listing five medical procedures commonly used in their fields that patients do n't need , amounting to 45 tests or procedures . The associations report some of them might actually be harmful . Eight medical associations have signed on to release additional lists in the fall . An annual EKG is an example of one test you can do without , unless family history or symptoms suggest otherwise . Some procedures , such as repeated abdominal CT scans without a significant change in the patient 's condition , subject patients to a relatively high dose of radiation and can increase their cancer risk . It is not the government or the courts that issued these lists ; the physicians ' own professional associations decreed that these procedures usually should be avoided . But many doctors perform them anyway . There are many reasons for this : One is that doctors are often paid a fee for each procedure , and it does n't take much creativity to convince themselves the patient needs the intervention . Another reason doctors I interviewed told me is that the medical associations ' recommendations have no legal standing . These doctors said they can be sued for not screening properly if their patient has a heart attack or some other untoward event . And sheer inertia is also a powerful factor in preventing reform ; the test is performed because "  this is what we have been doing for years . " On these and on scores of other medical matters , you can not be a passive bystander . You need to keep an eye on what is ordered to be done to you and why . Form your own judgments , disregard those doctors who pooh-pooh the Internet . If you can find somewhere to park your general misgivings about the big , bad federal government , you will find that it runs excellent web pages where you can find very reliable information about what ails you , as well as information about possible treatments . For instance , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health provide extensive resources . And if you can let go of the notion that the private sector is the best way to get what you need , you will find that nonprofit organizations provide very sound guidance , for instance , the Mayo Clinic and the Cleveland Clinic . It 's true there are dubious medical sites on the Internet , and you do best by following the same guidelines that serve well in the financial world : If something sounds too good to be true , it probably is . If anybody tells you that you can lose 30 pounds easily if you buy their junk , let alone cure your cancer with apricot pits and coffee enemas in a few easy visits , click off and move on . Behavioral economics has shown that people are more swayed by anecdotes than by statistics . Parents will think the risks of vaccination are much higher after reading testimonials from parents whose children had negative reactions , in spite of having seen statistical information that says the risks are low . You need to pay more attention to people who say it with figures . When I read in the New England Journal of Medicine that a procedure I was to undergo had a 10 % risk of "  esophageal injury with ulceration , " I forced myself to pay more attention to this statistic than to the tale of a friend who had the same procedure and did well . I am sorry to say that I know quite a few people who agreed to undergo major surgery upon their doctor 's recommendation without investigating their options . Some of those surgeries went awfully wrong . But they would not dream of buying a lawn mower , let alone a car , in this way . If you keep in mind what can and often does go wrong , you are likely to find the inner strength to ask questions , even if you have to apologize for not saluting the doctor and doing what you are told . And if you have to pay from your pocket for a second opinion , it 's worth it . I have been an inquisitive patient , which is one reason I am hitting 83 . I refused to undergo more surgeries than I have and , politely , left some doctors who were too eager to conduct a lot of tests that seemed to me hard to justify . I am not saying it is easy ; just that it is vital . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Nine medical associations each listed common medical procedures you do n't need Amitai Etzioni : Patients too intimidated to question doctors about procedures Etzioni : Doctors order tests anyway ; for money , out of habit or fear of lawsuits Beware of doctors dismissing your research , he says . Stand up and demand answers
CNN  -- A U.S. court of appeals gave Facebook a thumbs up on Wednesday when it ruled that "  likes " on the social network are protected as free speech under the Constitution . In 2009 , six employees at the Hampton Sheriff 's Office in Virginia lost their jobs after expressing support for their boss ' opponent in an upcoming election for sheriff , some by liking and commenting on the opponent 's Facebook page . U.S. Circuit Judge William Traxler found that "  liking " something on the social network was the "  Internet equivalent of displaying a political sign in one 's front yard , " an act the Supreme Court has already ruled as protected speech . The decision from the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond , Virginia , was a reversal of an earlier ruling on the case , in which District Judge Raymond Jackson said liking a Facebook page was "  insufficient speech to merit constitutional protection . " Other courts have ruled that posts on the social network are protected as free speech , but Jackson differentiated between making full statements and just clicking a button to like something . Two of the employees , Deputy Daniel Carter and Robert McCoy , claimed they were fired by Sheriff B.J. Roberts specifically for liking a Facebook profile for Roberts ' opponent , Jim Adams . The two also posted messages showing their support on Adam 's Facebook page . Eventually , McCoy said he removed his post on Facebook after co-workers asked him why he 'd risked his job so close to retirement . Roberts allegedly confronted Carter and said , "  You made your bed , and now you 're going to lie in it -- after the election , you 're gone . " When Roberts won his bid for re-election , he did not reinstate a number of employees , including Carter . Facebook and the American Civil Liberties Union became involved with the case , both filing friend of the court briefs . "  The Constitution does n't distinguish between ` liking ' a candidate on Facebook and supporting him in a town meeting or public rally , " the ACLU 's Ben Wizner said in a statement . School district hires firm to monitor students ' social media Twitter faces new pressure to limit hate speech University suspends fraternity over Facebook posts	4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals rules clicking "  like " on Facebook is protected as free speech Employees claimed they were fired after "  liking " their boss ' opponent in an election This decision reverses an earlier ruling that said "  likes " were just button presses
Whether you 're a three-pack-a-day smoker who does n't like being lectured to about the health risks , or you 're a person who does n't touch cigarettes and would n't smoke one if you were offered a Ferrari in exchange , picture this : Imagine , for a moment , that cigarettes had never been invented . And that in 2013 an eager entrepreneur went to the Food and Drug Administration seeking approval for a new product -- cigarettes -- that he wanted to sell to the American people . Imagine that the Food and Drug Administration , taking its time and doing its homework , came up with all the currently available medical evidence about the dangers of smoking . Whether you 're a smoker or not , you know what the FDA 's response would be to that hypothetical entrepreneur : They 'd laugh him out of the room . They 'd ask him why he was wasting their time . They might , if they were feisty enough , point out the deadly impact of what he was asking them to authorize , and say to him : "  There 's a legal term for knowingly causing death to people . In asking us to approve your product , sir , are you not setting us up to become accessories to murder ? " But cigarettes are not a new product . They are perfectly legal in all 50 states , and they 're going to stay that way . Which is why two cigarette-related events last week are so instructive . The federal government gave up its highly publicized battle to make every package of cigarettes carry large , gruesome-looking illustrations . FDA changes course on graphic warning labels for cigarettes The proposed illustrations -- they included images of a diseased lung , of a tracheotomy hole in a man 's throat , of rotting teeth -- were rolled out with great fanfare in 2010 . The government wanted the illustrations to cover the entire top half -- front and back -- of every pack of cigarettes sold in the United States . Last week , faced with arguments from the tobacco industry that the mandatory images violated free speech rights -- the cigarette companies said the images were "  intended to elicit loathing , disgust and repulsion " -- the government backed down . Attorney General Eric Holder wrote that the government will not fight the case in the Supreme Court . The FDA will instead reevaluate the proposed labels . Last week 's second event took place in New York , where Mayor Michael Bloomberg asked for a law that would force merchants to hide cigarettes on sale in their stores . "  Hide " in a literal sense . The legislation would mandate that any cigarettes sold in a store would have to be concealed in a drawer , or in a cabinet , or behind a curtain -- it would be unlawful for the packs of cigarettes to be visible to anyone visiting the store . Bloomberg 's point is that the more difficult it is to purchase cigarettes , the fewer packs will be sold , and the healthier citizens will become . Bloomberg : Nanny-in-chief or health crusader ? Bloomberg 's proposal , and the case of the ghastly illustrations , both underline America 's bizarrely bifurcated relationship with cigarettes : The country -- smokers and nonsmokers alike -- realizes the dangers involved . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says that around 443,000 people a year die because of cigarette use . But the product is as legal as a loaf of bread or a jar of pickles . So the cigarette manufacturers have a point when they say the government is overstepping by demanding nauseating images on their packages . Free speech does not only refer to our right to say anything we choose ; it also refers to our protection from having the government force us to say things against our will . Even convicted killers , when speaking in court before sentencing , are not required to say they are guilty . The government has a right to create , publish and broadcast the strongest anti-smoking campaigns it can come up with , but the cigarette companies make a compelling case in saying that , as long as their product is legal , they should not be forced to print repellent images on their packages . And -- who knows ? -- the federal government , in deciding not to fight the package illustrations battle in the Supreme Court , may be wary of what could happen there . What if the Supreme Court not only ruled against the proposed graphic illustrations -- but additionally , on similar grounds , opened up the question of whether the text-only warning messages on cigarette packs , the ones that have been there since the 1960s , also are an incursion on free speech ? In New York , Bloomberg 's heart may be in the right place , but merchants who want to sell cigarettes should be justifiably puzzled : If any product is not legal , then they should be barred from stocking it , but as long as it is , how can anyone presume to tell them where to display it -- or , more to the point , that they ca n't display it ? It all comes down to this : While well-intentioned attempts to curb smoking may appear bold and decisive , they are in the end timid . The big and most effective step -- outlawing cigarettes on the grounds that they undeniably , in the long run , sicken and kill the people who smoke them , and those around them -- is not going to happen . Politicians would be terrified to do it -- there are an estimated 45 million smokers in the United States , and no one is going to risk alienating them by completely cutting them off from cigarettes . In an already shaky economy , the repercussions from shutting down the tobacco industry -- the jobs suddenly lost -- would be , to put it mildly , highly problematic from a political and real-world standpoint . The memory of Prohibition would undoubtedly be on lawmakers ' minds . The government once tried to take from people something they had been accustomed to , something that had been legal : alcohol . The outcome was anything but pretty . If there really were the political will to end cigarette use , there are ways . Each state sets its own laws for the minimum age to purchase cigarettes -- in most states , it 's 18 . If states decided to raise the age to , say , 80 , that would do it . But the chances are zero . Like it or not , the country has painted itself into a corner . Cigarettes kill . They will continue to . If they were a new product , they 'd never make it to market . Do n't bet against them still being here a century from now .	Bob Greene : Cigarettes would never be accepted if they were just now being introduced today The FDA has given up efforts to show grim disease photos on packs Bloomberg wants merchants to hide cigarettes . U.S. has tense relationship with cigarettes Greene : Painted into a corner , the U.S. makes timid moves
CNN  -- A federal judge ordered the Obama administration Friday to stop temporarily the forced feeding of a detainee at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp and provide videotapes of past such feedings . U.S. District Judge Gladys Kessler ordered the administration to preserve and turn over the videotapes of the forced feeding of detainee Mohammed Abu Wa'el Dhiab between April 9 , 2013 , and February 19 , 2014 , according to court documents . The judge also ordered the federal government to preserve all videotapes of forcible cell extractions of Dhiab . Dhiab , 42 , a Syrian , was arrested in Pakistan in 2002 and has been detained in Guantanamo for more than 10 years , according to the London-based human rights group Reprieve . The group says it has been acting on behalf of Dhiab and his effort to secure 140 to 150 videos . Reprieve describes a forcible cell extraction as the Guantanamo base 's process in which detainees who do not wish to be force-fed are restrained , sometimes "  violently , " and taken to a force-feeding chair . The forced feedings are the U.S. government 's response to hunger strikes by detainees . Dhiab , in court filings , seeks an injunction against "  abusive " and painful force-feedings . U.S. Justice Department attorneys argued in court papers that although Dhiab was subject to forced feedings between March 2013 and February 2014 , "  the medical records during that time period are not material to his current motion for preliminary injunction , which seeks prospective injunctive relief to stop  forced  feeding going forward . " Dhiab also has n't shown which forcible cell extractions were "  unlawful , " the government 's attorneys said in court papers filed Thursday . "  His motion is completely devoid of any details regarding specific instances of mistreatment . Rather , he has only raised vague and speculative allegations of FCE abuse based almost entirely on statements of other detainees that provide no information about  Dhiab  whatsoever , " the Justice Department attorneys said . Guantanamo , in southeastern Cuba , has been used by U.S. government for detainees suspected of terrorism since the 9/11 attacks in 2001 . Dhiab was cleared for release by the Obama administration in 2009 and has never been charged , Reprieve 's website said . Dhiab is in poor health with depression and uses a wheelchair , the rights group said . His return to Syria is now "  impossible " because of that country 's ongoing civil war , the group said . "  He urgently needs a country to step forward and offer him resettlement so that he can begin his life with his family again , in safety and in peace , " Reprieve said . The judge scheduled a May 21 status conference on the videotapes and forced feedings .	Judge orders Obama administration to stop temporarily a detainee 's forced feeding Mohammed Abu Wa'el Dhiab , 42 , a Syrian , has been detained since 2002 arrest The Guantanamo base is also ordered to turn over videotaped forced feedings Dhiab was cleared for release in 2009 , but he needs a country to take him , group says
CNN  -- Joe Van Veldhuizen was 19 miles into his first Ironman . He had two hours left to complete the race , and only three miles to go in the 26.2-mile marathon . Every muscle in his body ached , and the blisters on his feet were the size of a half-dollar . But Van Veldhuizen was determined to finish . Completing the 2013 Ironman Coeur D'Alene would be the culmination of everything he had worked for . No shortcuts Van Veldhuizen changed careers -- from farmer to firefighter -- 10 years ago when the dairy industry took a significant downturn . Being a firefighter meant spending a lot of time sitting around and eating while waiting for the alarm to sound . The 6-foot-tall Albany , Oregon , resident slowly began to put on weight . By 2007 , Van Veldhuizen tipped the scales at 250 pounds , which translated to a body mass index of 35 .  Anything over 30 is considered obese . He knew he needed to get that number down . He felt he did n't have the aerobic stamina to do his job well . "  The things that kill firefighters are cancer and heart attacks , " said Van Veldhuizen , now 45 . "  A lot of those heart attacks happen because people are n't in as good of shape as they might be able to be . " Firefighter obesity a big problem Losing weight was n't an easy thing for him , but he refused to take shortcuts . His mantra : take it slow and steady through incremental lifestyle changes -- by cutting his portions and exercising more , instead of trying fad diets or using supplements advertised on TV . For Van Veldhuizen , eating less was a big challenge . His solution ? Record everything he ate on a nutrition tracking-app on his smartphone . That way he would also know how much time he 'd have to spend at the gym that day . Researchers retract study supporting diet pills His first weight loss regimen was modest : 20 minutes of cardio on the elliptical machine . He found the rotational motion was easier on his joints , especially in the knees and ankles . Slowly , he increased the length and intesity of his workout . A year later , he could do an hour on the elliptical nonstop . He did it at the highest resistance and incline setting two to three times a week . That helped him lose his first 15 pounds , and he felt like he was in much better shape . After mastering that machine , he felt his joints could take it so he started running . That was in 2008 . 6 common mistakes new runners make A year later , Van Veldhuizen entered a 5K run , followed soon after by a 10K . Then a friend suggested he try a triathlon . He had been running , but he did n't even own a bike . So he borrowed one and he also started going to the pool once a week . Eventually he was swimming every day . By December of 2012 , Van Veldhuizen had lost 40 pounds . He says he could n't have reached his goals without the help of friends like Josh Gum . Gum encouraged Van Veldhuizen and trained alongside him . Gum was an Ironman veteran ; for those uninitiated , an Ironman race consists of a 2.4-mile swim , followed by a 112-mile bicycle race , topped by a 26.2-mile run -- all done in under 17 hours . Gum left impressed by Van Veldhuizen 's dedication . "  It was a remarkable experience for me seeing  Van Veldhuizen 's  progress , " Gum says . Van Veldhuizen ran a half-Ironman in Sun River , Oregon , and then signed up for the Ironman in Idaho in 2013 . Your guide to running at any level A true Ironman "  It took me 10 hours to do the bike and swim and get my clothes changed and those kinds of things . So I had 7 hours to do a marathon , " Van Veldhuizen says . He felt good , but near the end of the race he encountered a serious bump in the road -- or rather , a bump in his foot . Van Veldhuizen soon realized that what he thought was an irritating pebble in his shoe was actually a big red blister on his heel . But he did n't panic . Instead , he calculated the miles to go and the time left on the clock . With seven miles to run before the finish line and three hours left , he decided to proceed the same way he tackled his weight loss journey -- with caution . "  You do n't know what the next step brings , " says Van Veldhuizen . "  All of a sudden you step a little funny on a pebble or you step into a pothole and now you 've got a twisted ankle . " Step after step , Van Veldhuizen moved toward his goal . Sixteen hours after he began , he completed his maiden Ironman . "  My whole goal was n't to set any records , it was to finish the thing , " says Van Veldhuizen . His friend Gum had been in the race too . He managed to catch up with Van Veldhuizen midway through the second lap of the one-loop , 56-mile bike course . That helped a lot . "  It 's very much about friends and the support that you can glean off of each other . You do n't do these things alone , you do them together . The experience itself for me is a once in a lifetime . " Van Veldhuizen believes anyone who puts his or her mind to it can do the same thing he did . All you have to do , he says , is figure out what you want and then put in the work to get there . 7 weight loss myths  sort of  debunked These days , Van Veldhuizen says he feels better prepared to tackle the life-saving challenges in his job . His Ironman training gave him more energy and makes him better prepared to jump into action during his 24-hour shifts as a firefighter . This winter , he says he and his family plan to run trails near his home in the Willamette Valley of Oregon . He , his wife , and his 13-year-old have already entered some 5Ks together . And yes , next summer he plans to do another Ironman in Canada . Only this time , he has a new goal . This time he wants to complete it and beat his old time . This time he does n't want to do anything slowly .	Joe Van Veldhuizen felt like his weight was holding him back from his job as a firefighter The 6-footer weighed 250 before exercising Gradually he lost 40 pounds and now runs Ironman races
CNN  -- Israel responded with heavy fire after five rockets from Gaza landed Wednesday in populated areas of southern Israel , marking "  the most substantial attack " in two years against the country , the Israeli military said . The military wing of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad , called the Al-Quds Brigade , claimed responsibility for firing dozens of missiles on what it called "  Israeli settlements . " In response , Israel launched airstrikes on three areas in Gaza -- Rafah , Khan Younis and Jabalia -- that are believed to belong to Islamic Jihad , according to security sources in Gaza . A Hamas spokesman texted CNN to say they counted six airstrikes , but claimed they were against bases that were empty . In all , the Israeli military targeted "  29 terror sites " in Gaza , the military said on its Twitter page . "  Direct hits were confirmed , " the military tweeted . "  In today 's attack , 41 rockets struck in Israel , five hit populated areas and three were intercepted by the Iron Dome defense system , " the military said in another statement . "  This is the most substantial rocket attack from the Gaza Strip since Operation Pillar of Defense in November 2012 . " Islamic Jihad and Hamas , which is the Palestinian movement running Gaza , evacuated their military and civilian institutions on expectation of Israeli reprisals , the security sources in Gaza said . Israel intercepts ship with weapons headed to Gaza In the wake of the attack , Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman told Israeli army radio that "  the position of my party Israel Beitanyu is that we support the full occupation of the whole of Gaza in any possible future action . " Liberman opposed a response short of full occupation . "  I am against a limited operation , " he said . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was later asked for his reaction to Liberman 's comments at a joint news conference with Britain 's Prime Minister David Cameron Wednesday evening in Jerusalem . "  If it is not quiet in southern Israel , it will be very noisy in Gaza , " Netanyahu said in Hebrew . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has called upon Israel to stop the "  military escalation on the besieged Gaza Strip , considering that this escalation will put the isolated residents in the danger of the war and destruction , " presidential spokesman Nabil Abu Rudeineh said through the official Wafa news agency . "  The Gaza Strip is constantly being targeted by Israeli airstrikes that targeted many areas , " Rudeineh said . Hamas-run Al-Aqsa TV flashed a banner stating : "  The occupation bares the full responsibility regarding this wave of aggression and the ongoing escalation . " Abu Ahmad , spokesman for the Al-Quds Brigades , said the rocket fire came "  after a long series of violations to the truce with the Palestinian resistance since November 2012 . " "  This operation , dubbed ` Breaking the Silence , ' comes as a response to the ongoing and continued Zionist Israeli aggression against the Palestinian people in the West Bank and Gaza , " Ahmad said . Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon ordered a halt to the shipment of goods to Gaza through a crossing on the Gaza-Israel-Egypt border until security assessments are made , the military said in statement . However , another crossing will be open for humanitarian movements , the military said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the multiple rocket attacks from Gaza on Israel and urged maximum restraint by all parties to prevent an escalation of violence and destabilization to the region , a spokesman said . Israeli Apache helicopters flew over Gaza City on Wednesday after several rockets were reportedly fired from the Palestinian territory at the Israeli town of Sderot , officials said . The Al-Quds Brigade claimed responsibility on its website for firing a total of 34 rockets and 14 mortar rounds at "  Zionist targets . " CNN 's Talal Abu Rahma in Gaza , Kareem Khadder in Jerusalem , Mohammed Tawfeeq and Michael Schwarz contributed to this report .	Israel says 41 rockets land , with five hitting towns Al-Quds Brigade in Gaza calls the rocket fire operation ` Breaking the Silence ' Israeli foreign minister advocates "  the full occupation of the whole of Gaza " A militant wing of Islamic Jihad in Gaza claimed responsibility for the rocket fire
Raleigh , North Carolina  CNN  -- More than 1,200 mourners , including hundreds who loved and admired Elizabeth Edwards from a distance , packed a Raleigh church Saturday to pay respects to the activist and estranged wife of a failed aspirant to the presidency . Elizabeth Edwards died Tuesday at the end of a six-year battle with cancer . She was 61 . "  She has been a lighthouse to all of us . She 's always been that source of light to us . Every lesson she has taught us has become part of our ethic , " said Edwards ' oldest daughter , Cate , in a eulogy to her mother . Among those lessons , Cate Edwards jokingly said , was "  you 'll always regret prints , you 'll never regret solids . " Cate Edwards read from a letter her mother wrote her children in anticipation of death . She said her mother was always more concerned about others than she was herself , and had even tried to cheer up friends and family about her cancer fight and impending death . Mourners included Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry , who in 2004 picked Edwards ' husband , John , to be his vice presidential running mate in an unsuccessful bid for the White House . John and Elizabeth Edwards separated earlier this year after the former North Carolina senator admitted to fathering a child out of wedlock while the couple was married . John Edwards entered the church Saturday , holding hands with Cate , and the Edwards ' two other children , Jack and Emma . Cate Edwards was preceded at the lectern by her mother 's longtime friend Hargrave McElroy , who made the audience laugh with tales of Elizabeth 's competitive nature , particularly with games . She also noted Edwards ' love of Christmas , describing how the Edwards family , including John Edwards , decorated their Christmas tree last Saturday , just three days before she died . A friend of Edwards ' family said Saturday that Elizabeth Edwards did not plan the funeral or instruct on many details . One family friend said the mood has been somber : "  We all thought we 'd have more time to say goodbye . " In addition to the eulogies by McElroy and Cate Edwards , another friend , Glenn Bergenfield spoke , remembering when Elizabeth Edwards told staffers about her cancer . According to Bergenfield , she rubbed their backs as they sat on the couch , then turned to them and told them they had on awful shoes , and outlet shopping was necessary , right then and there . Others in attendance included North Carolina Gov. Bev Perdue ; U.S. Sen. Kay Hagan  D-North Carolina  ; Vicki Kennedy , the wife of the late Sen. Ted Kennedy ; John Podesta , a former Clinton administration chief of staff and current head of the Center for American Progress ; members of North Carolina 's congressional delegation ; and more than 100 former campaign staffers . It was a public ceremony because Edwards was known for insisting , much to the dismay of staffers , that all of her events be open to the public , according to a friend . Edwards did not plan the funeral or instruct many details , so the family decided a public funeral was what she would have wanted , even it added some chaos to the ceremony . The "  public " mourners included several hundred people who packed a balcony inside the church , as well another 150 supporters who gathered a few blocks away from the church for a counter-demonstration against a group of picketers from the controversial Westboro Baptist Church . The Kansas-based congregation is known for its extremist opposition against homosexuals , Jews and other groups and regularly holds protests at funerals for fallen U.S. service members , saying the war 's dead are God 's punishment for the country tolerating gays and lesbians . In the end , only five Westboro congregants showed for the protest , which took place in a cold , steady rain . Following the service at Edenton Street United Methodist Church , Edwards was to be buried at Raleigh 's Historic Oakwood Cemetery , according to the cemetery 's office manager Sharon Freed . That ceremony was private , according to a memorial website for Edwards . Earlier this week , Freed told CNN about the proximity of the burial to Edwards ' son Wade , who was buried at the cemetery after dying in a 1996 car crash . "  He is already interred there in a space . And she will be interred there beside him , " Freed said . Four of Elizabeth Edwards ' pallbearers were childhood friends of her son . They include Tyler Highsmith , Michael Lewis , Charles Scarantino and Ellis Roberts , who was an aide to John Edwards when he was in the U.S. Senate . Other pallbearers include longtime friend Bill Spiegel , B.A. Farrell , an Edwards confidant and adviser , and her hospice doctor , Michael Chernier . Trevor Upham , Cate Edwards ' fiance is also a pallbearer . Edwards , who had four children and had worked as a bankruptcy lawyer in Raleigh , was diagnosed with breast cancer shortly after her husband lost his bid for vice president in November 2004 . In 2006 , after her initial cancer diagnosis , she wrote "  Saving Graces : Finding Solace and Strength from Friends and Strangers , " which chronicled the aftermath of her son 's death and her battle with the disease . In 2008 , months after withdrawing from the presidential race , John Edwards admitted that tabloid claims about an extramarital affair with former campaign videographer Rielle Hunter were true . Eventually , he also admitted to fathering a child with Hunter -- an allegation he initially vociferously denied even after conceding the affair . John Edwards said the affair happened in 2006 while his wife 's cancer was in remission . He claimed he informed his wife at the time and asked for her forgiveness . In an interview with the Detroit Free Press after her husband admitted to his affair , Elizabeth Edwards said the incident helped her focus on resuming her role as an advocate for the poor and for health care reform . She also said it pushed her to refocus on her role as a mother . In a September interview on "  The Nate Berkus Show , " Edwards was asked what she sees when she looks at her estranged husband , John Edwards . "  I see the father of my children , and that 's very important to me , " she said . "  Particularly since I have a terminal disease , this is the person who at some point will take over the primary parenting , and it 's important to me that he heal , if he needs to . " The memorial website for Edwards states , "  In lieu of flowers , donations may be made to the Wade Edwards Foundation , which benefits the Wade Edwards Learning Lab . " According to the site , the learning lab is a computer and learning center in Raleigh that provides services free of charge . CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Martin Savidge , Bill Mears , John King , Shannon Travis , Sarah Baker and Raelyn Johnson contributed to this report .	Edwards eulogized by her daughter , friends Edwards remembered for her love of Christmas , competitive nature Protest by controversial church fizzles Edwards will be buried next to her son Wade ; four of his childhood friends are pallbearers
EW.com  -- How 's your year going ? Probably not as well as the Rock 's . The former wrestling star  and host of TNT 's "  The Hero , " which premieres Thursday night  is in the midst of an amazing box-office streak . He 's starred in four movies so far in 2013 -- Snitch  Feb. 22  , G.I. Joe : Retaliation  March 28  , Pain and Gain  April 26  , and Fast & Furious 6  May 24  -- and while they have n't all been massive hits , three of them opened at No. 1 . All together they 've grossed over $ 937 million worldwide , giving the Rock  a.k.a. Dwayne Johnson  some major box-office bragging rights . "  As you know , I 've been around for some time now , " the Rock told EW recently . "  This is my 12th and 13th year in the business . Building an empire was the goal . " And built an empire he has ! In fact , for the past 15 weekends -- yes , since Feb. 22 -- the Rock has had at least one movie in the Top 10 at the U.S. box office . And considering audiences ' enduring love of the Fast franchise , he 's got a few more weekends left before that streak ends , too . Here 's how it 's all worked out : Feb. 22-24 -- Snitch  No. 2 Mar. 1-3 -- Snitch  No. 4 Mar. 8-10 -- Snitch  No. 5 Mar. 15-17 -- Snitch  No. 6 Mar. 22-24 -- Snitch  No. 10 Mar. 29-31 -- G.I. Joe : Retaliation  No. 1 Apr. 5-7 -- G.I. Joe : Retaliation  No. 2 Apr. 12-14 -- G.I. Joe : Retaliation  No. 4 Apr. 19-21 -- G.I. Joe : Retaliation  No. 5 Apr. 26-28 -- Pain & Gain  No. 1  , G.I. Joe : Retaliation  No. 6 May 3-5 -- Pain & Gain  No. 2 May 10-12 -- Pain & Gain  No. 3 May 17-19 -- Pain & Gain  No. 4 May 24-26 -- Fast & Furious 6  No. 1 June 1-3 -- Fast & Furious 6  No. 1 Pretty incredible , right ? If that 's somehow not enough to convince you that the Rock is winning pop culture right now , then take a look at his Twitter stream . It 's pretty much the best thing on the internet , and that should count for something ! See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Rock has starred in four movies so far in 2013 "  Building an empire was the goal , " he said Three of his films have reached No. 1
CNN  -- A Singapore-flagged container ship hijacked by pirates off the coast of Somalia was released Monday , according to the European Union Naval Force Somalia . The Kota Wajar , with a crew of 21 , was the second hijacked ship released in as many days . A Chinese bulk carrier , the De Xin Hai , and its crew of 25 were released on Sunday , NAVFOR said . Both ships were hijacked in October . NAVFOR said the De Xin Hai and its crew were in good condition and "  heading to a safe port . " The Chinese carrier was hijacked about 350 nautical miles northeast of the Seychelles , NAVFOR said . The Kota Wajar was hijacked about 300 nautical miles north of the Seychelles . Regarding the Kota Wajar , NAVFOR said it was "  monitoring the situation . " The Canadian warship HCMS Fredericton was providing medical and logistical assistance to the ship , it said . NAVFOR did not say how either ship was released , but the Chinese Marine Search and Rescue Center said the De Xin Hai and crew were rescued , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . The ship is under the protection of a Chinese naval escort fleet , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu told Xinhua Monday . The De Xin Hai was carrying about 76,000 tons of coal from South Africa to India when it was hijacked . NAVFOR is "  a military operation to help deter , prevent and repress acts of piracy and armed robbery off the coast of Somalia , " according to its Web site .	Hijacked Chinese bulk carrier De Xin Hai released off coast of Somalia Singapore-flagged Kota Wajar also released The De Xin Hai , with crew of 25 , was hijacked in October by pirate group in Indian Ocean
CNN  -- Darrell Royal , the football coach who led the University of Texas to at least a share of three national championships in the 1960s and 1970s , died Wednesday in Austin after a battle with Alzheimer 's disease . He was 88 . Royal is the winningest coach at Texas , one of college football 's biggest programs . He compiled a 167-45-5 record at Texas from 1957 to 1976 and helped offensive coordinator Emory Bellard introduce the wishbone option offense to the Longhorns and to college football in the late 1960s . He was also Texas ' athletic director from 1962 to 1980 before being inducted in the College Football Hall of Fame in 1983 . "  No words are adequate to describe the impact Darrell Royal had on this state , the university , UT athletics and Texas football , " Texas Athletics Director DeLoss Dodds said Wednesday . "  He was simply the foundation , the beginning . Anywhere you look today , on this campus , you see his fingerprints . " Royal , who played quarterback for Oklahoma from 1946 to 1949 , began his collegiate head coaching career as a 30-year-old at Mississippi State in 1954 . He also coached Washington in 1956 . But he made his biggest mark at Texas , where he inherited a 1-9 team and turned in a 6-3-1 record in his first season in 1957 , guiding the Longhorns to the first of 16 bowl appearances they 'd make over the next 20 years . His Longhorns topped the national polls in 1963 and 1969 with 11-0 records . In 1970 , the 10-1 Texas squad claimed a share of the national title . He never had a losing record in 23 seasons as a head college football coach , with a three-college record of 184-60-5 . The wishbone formation , the three-running-back set that Bellard debuted on a collegiate level at Texas under Royal 's guidance in 1968 , helped the Longhorns go on a 30-game winning streak and spread to other colleges . Dodds said Wednesday that the current Texas team would honor Royal during Saturday 's home game against Iowa State at his namesake Darrell K Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium . "  I think -LSB- head coach -RSB- Mack Brown has said this , but our first play from scrimmage on Saturday will be out of the wishbone , " Dodds said . Brown said he lost "  a wonderful friend , a mentor , a confidant and my hero . " "  College football lost maybe its best ever , and the world lost a great man , " Brown said , according to a university release . " ... His impact on the game , the coaches and players , the community and the millions of lives he touched , is insurmountable . " Royal is survived by his wife , Edith , the university said . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Royal won three national championships as head coach at University of Texas He helped introduce the wishbone formation to college football Royal is the winningest coach at Texas , one of college football 's biggest programs
Ars Technica  -- Information about a keyboard being included in the "  Rock Band 3 " package was teased in the "  Green Day : Rock Band " demo . We have now been given some exclusive information by our now-famous Mole about what we can expect from "  Rock Band 3 . " Read on to find out what to expect from the instruments in the latest version of the game . It 's the '80s ! There wo n't actually be a keyboard peripheral sold with the game ; instead there will be a keytar-like instrument supported . For those who did n't listen to much '80s music , a keytar is a sort of keyboard with a strap , held like a guitar . The keytar will be the only new instrument for the game . We were surprised that new instruments were being released at all , since Activision had noted that they were focusing on software and not hardware in order to cut costs . We figured Harmonix would follow what seemed to be a savvy strategy in a world already choked with peripherals . Harmonix will actually be doing something similar , and the peripherals will be created by an outside company . Mad Catz is bringing the instruments Mad Catz will be creating all the "  Rock Band 3 " instruments and bundles ; EA will only be distributing the software . Mad Catz will be offering many different bundles with different combinations of instruments available , and there will be bundles that are exclusive to certain retailers . If you have guitars , you 'll be able to find a bundle for drums . If you need everything , that will be available as well . If a store does n't want to be saddled with huge boxes , they can simply stock the game . This will allow the focus of the launch to be kept on the software , and we 're told that there will be a "  pro " mode included in the game that will require proper technique , and may lead to actual skills on guitars and bass . How this will work is n't known , but it 's possible Mad Catz may create a product that more closely mimics an actual guitar . All this information is firmly in the rumor pile , excluding the Mad Catz connection , but our Mole has successfully broken more stories in gaming news and peripherals than anyone else in this business , so we 're confident in this data . It also makes sense : Mad Catz has long had the license to release Rock Band peripherals , and large bundles suffer from thin margins and can be expensive to stock . Giving control of the hardware to a company who knows how to release and ship peripherals makes sense for everyone , and more bundles give retailers a new layer of granularity to stock items based on their needs . As for the keytar ? We have no clue . Expect this information to be confirmed at E3 . COPYRIGHT 2010 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Ars Technica 's "  Mole " reports that a keytar-like instrument will be supported The keyboard/guitar combination will be the only new instrument Instruments and game will be available in several bundles
CNN  -- David Petraeus , who resigned as director of the Central Intelligence Agency after the revelation of an extramarital affair , has been named a visiting professor at Macaulay Honors College at the City University of New York , the school 's chancellor said Tuesday . Petraeus will assume the position in August , Matthew Goldstein , the chancellor , said . The university did not provide specifics about what Petraeus would be teaching . In a statement , the retired Army general indicated he will lead an economic seminar . "  I look forward to leading a seminar at Macaulay that examines the developments that could position the United States -- and our North American partners -- to lead the world out of the current global economic slowdown , " he said . Petraeus apologizes for affair Petraeus , who once ran the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , resigned from his CIA post in November . He resigned after admitting he had had an affair with his biographer , Paula Broadwell , a fellow West Point graduate who spent months studying the general 's leadership of U.S. forces in Afghanistan . The affair came to light during an FBI investigation of "  jealous " e-mails Broadwell reportedly sent to another woman . Opinion : Would a President Petraeus be in the cards ?	David Petraeus will lead an economic seminar at Macaulay Honors College in New York Petraeus will assume the role of visiting professor at the college in August He resigned in November 2012 as director of the Central Intelligence Agency His resignation followed an admission of an affair with his biographer
CNN  -- Talk with two people who have been to Marrakech and you 'll get very different views on what a trip there is like . One person will speak of the allure of wandering through a warren of market streets ; the other will complain of getting lost over and over again . One will tell you that people there are among the friendliest they 've met , if you can meet them halfway on the language . The other will say that the locals are only out to make money and not even directions are free . The food is exotic yet easy on the palate , or restaurants serve up bland clichÃ © s that still manage to turn you inside out . And they would both be correct . Bottom line : Marrakech is not for the timid traveler . My wife and I visited last November . We had heard it had much of what we look for in a travel destination : Centuries of history coupled with a very modern vibe . The city has a European feel , from the brand-name stores to the widespread use of French as a second or third language . The crowded souks and calls to prayer from the mosque minarets are what you would find at the heart of a Middle Eastern country . It is the outline of the High Atlas Mountains that reminds you that this is North Africa . Share your Morocco tips and photos The city 's origins stretch back to the 11th century . Back then Marrakech was a key trading route with sub-Saharan cities . And like other hubs -- Bruges as a European port , Samarkand on the Silk Road -- Marrakech had its golden epoch before falling from favor . The result is that parts of the city within the rose-colored walls and imposing gates surrounding the medina , or Old City , have a sense of being frozen in time . The massive Jemaa el Fna is likely to be the focal point of your time in Marrakech , both as a destination and as a much-needed reference point . It is one of Africa 's largest squares , and as long as the city has existed it has been a place where storytellers , musicians , healers and just about everyone else has gathered . During the day you ca n't walk through it without some snake charmer or henna tattoo artist offering to make your stay more memorable . At night , they push aside to make way for innumerable food stalls offering as genuine a selection of Moroccan cuisine as you 'll find at any restaurant . Grills sizzle beneath tiny merguez sausages and fish and skewers of vegetables . For the more adventurous , there is boiled goat head or bowls of snails . More than once we were brought food that we did n't order , like the deep red harira soup and a basket of bread , maybe some fresh olives . We paid for it anyway , and frankly , it was worth it . It exposed us to foods we may not have tried otherwise . Just plan on paying a bit more than you might have expected . Later , you 'll walk it off as you wander amid the chaos , moving to incessant drum beats and chants , trying your best to take it all in . Just north of the Jemaa el Fna you 'll find the myriad alleyways of the Marrakech souk , or traditional market quarter . No map will help you navigate these passages ; just accept that you are going to get lost and enjoy yourself along the way . While souvenir stalls are everywhere , you can still find shops selling items of remarkable craftsmanship that reflect local designs -- whether it is in the intricate patterns and colored glass of the hanging lamps , or leather goods from the tannery in another part of the city . And trust me , the shop owners are always ready to make a deal . Make eye contact with a market trader , and before you know it you 're haggling over the price of something that you may or may not need , but will provide a terrific story when you get back home . Nothing here has a set price , and shopkeepers can be aggressive when they think you are interested in something . But no trip to Marrakech would be complete without trying your hand at negotiating . At some point you realize that the hardest thing about visiting Marrakech is that you are usually moving at someone else 's pace . The streets of the souk are jammed with people who are either jostling to get past you or quite content standing in your way . You and the other pedestrians will be on the lookout for young people on motorbikes heading in both directions . And everyone will try to maneuver around donkey-pulled carts . But anywhere you go -- and this is what makes a trip to Marrakech so special -- is an assault on the senses . It could be the vibrant colors of the shops selling mounds of rich spices or hand-tied rugs , the smell of food cooking , the press of the crowd , or the calls of the souk . When all the bustle gets to be too much , there are plenty of sites that give you a chance to relax . South of the Jemaa el Fna stands the 19th century Bahia Palace and gardens , originally built for a high-ranking official and his concubines . You wo n't find a palace in the sense of Versailles or the Hofburg . Instead , you 'll meander through a series of rooms with little more than lavishly decorated floors , walls and ceilings , leading to courtyards with fruit trees and fountains . We walked through the palace on our own , though I suspect a proper tour could be organized . The Ben Youssef Medersa , a former boarding school where for hundreds of years young men studied the Quran , will amaze you with its intricate stucco and cedar carvings . Or just sit in the shadow of the Koutoubia Mosque minaret , an important example of the region 's Islamic architecture . Or simply hop on one of the tour buses at the far end of Jemaa el Fna and check out Marrakech 's modern Gueliz district . Staying in Marrakech is best experienced at a riad , a traditional Moroccan home built around a central courtyard . The whole idea was originally to create as private a dwelling as possible , so even finding the entrance to one can be a challenge  always ask your hosts if someone can meet you , if not at the airport , at least at the edge of the Old City to get you there  . The best have only a few rooms , each uniquely decorated and appointed . Your hosts will be more than ready to offer suggestions on where to eat , what to see , or just to offer a soothing cup of tea on the rooftop terrace . Soothing tea aside , when you get back from Marrakech , do n't expect to feel relaxed . Exhausted is more like it . You will have navigated more alleyways , gotten lost more times and told more people "  no , thank you " for one reason or another than you should on a vacation . But a few weeks later , when you are looking back over the pictures you took , none of that will matter much . All you 'll remember will be the sights and sounds that make Marrakech so special . And you 'll be thinking about when you might go back .	Marrakech is not for the timid traveler . But if you 're up for an adventure , it 's a great destination The city 's origins stretch back to the 11th century , and there 's plenty of history to explore For the full experience , stay at a riad , a traditional Moroccan home built around a central courtyard Have you traveled to Morocco ? Share your photos and travel tips with CNN iReport
CNN  -- Matthew Mullins used to regularly show up late to yoga class on purpose . "  That way I could be in the very back of the class where no one would watch me , " Mullins said . "  At 206 pounds , being only 5-10 , I felt like I really looked stupid . " Last year , when the California photographer and part-time college student went in for his regular checkup , he got troubling news . The doctor told him he was in the beginning stage of hypertension and wanted to put Mullins on blood pressure medication . Mullins was only 32 years old . "  I did n't want to end up sick , " he said . "  My mom died at the age of 42 after struggling with obesity and high blood pressure . I knew she would n't want me to go down this path . " As a gay man , Mullins said being overweight also made it hard to meet people . Studies show gay men struggle more with body image than straight men and are more likely to end up with eating disorders to meet an ideal standard that is hard for many to achieve . "  If you are overweight in our community , you become invisible , and I just hate that about us , " Mullins said . "  Out at a bar or party guys would talk to me sometimes , but when I lost the weight the conversation took on a really different tone . ... It 's not right to exclude people because they are overweight , but that 's the reality . " His doctor did put him on a high blood pressure drug , but Mullins said he did n't like the way it made him feel . Instead , he decided to make a radical change to the way he lived . He started by downloading an app called Loseit ! , an interactive calorie counter program . "  It 's awesome -- you can scan any bar code you have on food in the house , and it helps you keep track of what you are eating , " Mullins said . Tracking calories and fat became a game . He tried to see how much sugar he could eliminate from his diet . Advice from a professor to diversify the food he ate made him put more color on his plate . "  My family was very Irish , and we were more into potatoes and bread and meat , " Mullins said . "  Now I try to avoid all that white . " He eliminated fast food . He cooked more at home . Desserts were gone ; green vegetables were in . Breakfast was yogurt or rice pudding , because he found the carbohydrates helped with energy . Lunch was soup that was heavy on vegetables or a sandwich with lean meat . Dinner was a chicken breast and rice that he cooked himself . Keeping a strict diet helped him quickly see a difference . He lost about two pounds a week . When he was down 20 pounds , he decided it was time to start running . He started small and gradually built up his run over time , going from one mile to seven . "  It really was not fun at first , " Mullins said . "  It was hilarious how hard it was running just a mile . I felt like it was 10 . But gradually it got easier . " He also joined an exercise boot camp offered on campus . He kept up with yoga and then added regular exercise to his everyday activities . He could n't afford to join a gym , but that was OK -- "  If I 'm watching TV , I push the table aside and pull out my exercise ball or lift weights , " Mullins said . He knows many people complain that they do n't have time to exercise . He does get busy working and going to school , but he said that is no excuse . "  I can do 3Â 1/2 miles in 25 minutes now running , " Mullins said . "  Anyone could find 25 minutes in their day to exercise . " He also enlisted his friends to hold him accountable . Together they downloaded a Nike app that lets you monitor how much friends work out . That kind of friendly competition keeps him motivated , he said . Plus , friends will call him with words of encouragement if he ever slacks off . He and his friends got so into exercise they created a group called Hashtag Run . Together they have tackled local 5K 's to raise money for a variety of charities , including autism . One day they hope to do a long AIDS fundraising bike ride that stretches over hundreds of miles . A photographer , Mullins also started taking photos of himself so he could watch his progress . "  Those photos certainly keep me honest and motivated , " he said . Now at 165 pounds and still losing , Mullins walks around shirtless so much he says his friends teasingly ask when he 'll put his shirt back on . And yes , he gets hit on when he goes out . "  I 've got so much more confidence and energy , and the best part is I 'm so much more comfortable with myself , " Mullins said . "  I 'm 33 years old and now I feel like I could live for at least 30 more . I did n't really feel like that before . " "  What I 've learned from all of this is you 've got to figure out what will make you go out and do it , " Mullins said . "  Trust me , I did n't want to run when it was freezing in December . But having friends invested in your success and , maybe even more important , doing it for yourself ... it all really does help . "	Matthew Mullins had an "  aha " moment when doctors put him on blood pressure medication Mullins has lost more than 40 pounds and is still losing He says he 's noticed a huge difference in how guys approach him now Mullins is gay ; studies show gay men struggle more with body image than straight men
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Muslim family removed from an airliner Thursday after passengers became concerned about their conversation say AirTran officials refused to rebook them , even after FBI investigators cleared them of wrongdoing . A Muslim family was removed from an AirTran flight after a conversation about the safest place to sit . Atif Irfan said federal authorities removed eight members of his extended family and a friend after passengers heard them discussing the safest place to sit and misconstrued the nature of the conversation . Irfan , a U.S. citizen and tax attorney , said he was "  impressed with the professionalism " of the FBI agents who questioned him , but said he felt mistreated when the airline refused to book the family for a later flight . AirTran Airways late Thursday said they acted properly and that the family was offered full refunds and can fly with AirTran again . "  AirTran Airways complied with all TSA , law enforcement and Homeland Security directives and had no discretion in the matter , " the company said in a prepared statement . Watch how Muslims find climate of fear at airport " Family members said FBI agents tried to work it out with the airline , but to no avail . iReport.com : Share your story "  The FBI agents actually cleared our names , " said Inayet Sahin , Irfan 's sister-in-law . "  They went on our behalf and spoke to the airlines and said , ` There is no suspicious activity here . They are clear . Please let them get on a flight so they can go on their vacation , ' and they still refused . " "  The airline told us that we ca n't fly their airline , " Irfan said . The dispute occurred about 1 p.m. Thursday as AirTran flight 175 was preparing for takeoff from Reagan National Airport outside of Washington , D.C. , on a flight destined for Orlando , Florida . Atif Irfan , his brother , their wives , a sister and three children were headed to Orlando to meet with family and attend a religious conference . "  The conversation , as we were walking through the plane trying to find our seats , was just about where the safest place in an airplane is , " Sahin said . "  We were  discussing whether it was safest to sit near  the wing , or the engine or the back or the front , but that 's it . We did n't say anything else that would raise any suspicion . " Watch Muslims recount how they were kicked off plane " The conversation did not contain the words "  bomb , " "  explosion , " "  terror " or other words that might have aroused suspicion , Irfan said . "  When we were talking , when we turned around , I noticed a couple of girls kind of snapped their heads , " said Sobia Ijaz , Irfan 's wife . "  I kind of thought to myself , ` Oh , you know , maybe they 're going to say something . ' It did n't occur to me that they were going to make it such a big issue . " Some time later , while the plane was still at the gate , an FBI agent boarded the plane and asked Irfan and his wife to leave the plane . The rest of the family was removed 15 or 20 minutes later , along with a family friend , Abdul Aziz , a Library of Congress attorney and family friend who was coincidentally taking the same flight and had been seen talking to the family . After the FBI interviewed family members , it released them , Irfan said . AirTran spokesman Tad Hutcheson said the incident began when some passengers reported hearing suspicious remarks by a woman and alerted flight attendants . Two federal air marshals , who were on board the flight , notified law enforcement about the security-related issue , AirTran said . After the family and Aziz were taken for questioning , the remaining 95 passengers were taken off of the plane and rescreened , along with the crew and the baggage , AirTran said . Irfan said he believes his family is owed an apology . "  Really , at the end of the day , we 're not out here looking for money . I 'm an attorney . I know how the court system works . We 're basically looking for someone to say ... ` We 're apologizing for treating you as second-class citizens . ' " "  We are proud Americans , " Sahin said . "  You know we decided to have our children and raise them here . We can very easily go anywhere we want in the world , but you know we love it here and we 're not going to go away , no matter what . " Aziz said there is a "  very strong possibility " he will pursue a civil rights lawsuit . "  I guess it 's just a situation of guilt by association , " Aziz said . "  They see one Muslim talking to another Muslim and they automatically assume something wrong is going on . "	Man says Muslim family taken off flight after discussion over safest place to sit Atif Irfan claims FBI cleared family of wrongdoing , but AirTran would n't let them fly AirTran says it acted properly , complied with all federal directives Irfan says family owed an apology , may pursue a civil rights lawsuit
CNN  -- We throw around the word "  epic " so casually that we have to dig deep into our thesaurus to accurately convey what happened at Missouri 's Kauffman Stadium Tuesday night . Historic . Colossal . Monumental . The long-suffering Kansas City Royals finally made it to the MLB playoffs -- and gave the city a postseason to look forward to after 29 dry years . The last time that happened was in 1985 , when we were still rocking Swatches , smoking on planes and hating on New Coke . The dude who held up the sign , "  We have waited our whole lives for this ... literally " was n't kidding . And what a game it was . What a down-to-the-wire , come-from-behind American League Wild Card win against the Oakland Athletics it was . Every time the Royals fell behind , they rallied . They fell behind , they rallied . For nearly five hours . Everyone was hooked . "  We really need everyone to not commit crimes and drive safely right now , " the Kansas City police tweeted . The game that began in September went into its 12th innning -- and almost into October -- before the Royals clinched it , 9-8 . The crowd thundered . The drought had ended . "  Trying to process what I just saw . I ca n't , " tweeted Bob Fescoe , host of a sports radio show in Kansas City . "  This is up there as one of my best sports moments ever . " The National League Wild Card playoff is Wednesday . Let 's see you bring it , San Francisco Giants and the Pittsburgh Pirates . .	The Royals make it to the postseason for the first time in 29 years They beat Oakland 9-8 The game lasted nearly 5 hours
CNN  -- The clock is ticking as the December 31 deadline approaches for Congress and President Obama to come to some sort of agreement over the infamous fiscal cliff . But what happens when the country finally reaches the fiscal edge ? Tax increases for everyone ? Deep spending cuts ? Another recession ? As President Obama puts pressure on House Republicans to come to a compromise over the fiscal cliff , it seems like everyone wants to know : What is the best solution ? Adults often have to make compromises to make ends meet financially . CNN iReport invited people to share their stories of financial compromise , and what advice they would give to Congress on the fiscal cliff based on the lessons they 've learned . 1 . Use cash , not credit A couple years back , Val Stayskal found herself in a financial conundrum . As a single mother , she said immediate needs such as bills , food and gas would pile up , so she started putting a lot of her expenses on credit . "  And when I could not pay off my credit cards , I would go to the bank and get a loan to pay them off , " she said . "  It was a terrible cycle . " She was finally able to break the cycle with help from a financially savvy friend who helped limit her credit usage . "  She only worked with cash and she helped me create a budget , " she said . Credit cards "  are so dangerous . We are paying so much interest . You think you have all this money , but it is not your own . " Since that time , Stayskal has gotten married and she and her husband own three small businesses in Chicago . They made a pledge to not use credit cards after they nearly lost their home to foreclosure during the recession four years ago . "  We only use cash , " she said . Stayskal , 58 , believes the president and Congress could learn something from her journey to free herself of credit card debt . "  I definitely feel like our nation 's reliance on credit has put us in this fiscal cliff crisis , " she said . She advised Congress to "  hold fast and push for spending cuts as well as balancing the budget in combination with increasing revenue in whatever way makes sense , " she advised . Learning to prioritize spending is something she says was a tough , but an invaluable lesson . "  My life has improved tremendously and I attribute much of it to getting my finances straightened out , " she said . "  We 've had our own financial hiccups with the recession , and each time we apply the same principles and we are back on our feet , even when things were out of our control . It works . " WWJD ... about taxes ? 2 . Take responsibility for your actions The optimist within 34-year-old Swathi Ravichandran believes Congress and the president will come to an agreement over the fiscal cliff . The associate professor at Ohio 's Kent State University said past incidents such as Standard & Poor 's 2011 downgrading of the U.S. credit rating should serve as a reminder that there are consequences to not reaching a financial resolution . "  I have to take responsibility for my actions , " she said when reflecting on her finances , and she said Congress should do the same . Owning up to financial responsibility is a life lesson she tried to keep in mind when purchasing a home with her husband last year . "  We decided not to let our future incomes dictate the amount of mortgage , " she said . "  We took the opposite approach and thought , ` Will we be able to afford payments if one of us loses our job ? ' " Ravichandran said the bottom line for avoiding the fiscal cliff is for the government to cut spending . "  If I spend too much , I have to curtail the rest of the month to reach my savings goal , " she said . She said she always looks at discretionary expenses first when limiting personal spending . "  I 'd cut back on the frequency of eating out , and purchasing clothing and accessories , " she said . She thinks Congress should do the same . "  It is time to curb spending and increase revenues . Not one or the other . " 3 . Stop wasting Like many people , Savita Naraine said when finances get tight , frivolous spending goes out the window . "  This means packing a lunch and snacks and making coffee at home instead of splurging on Starbucks coffee , " he said . The San Bernardino , California , resident and recent college graduate knows what it is like to work with a strict budget , especially since he is still looking for full-time employment . Cutting back on wasteful spending is a lesson he said Congress needs to learn . He said he was frustrated when he read a financial report back in 2011 about the Justice Department spending $ 16 a piece on muffins and other exuberant amounts of money on lavish business lunches . "  In this economy , it is somewhat shocking to me that people are willing to spend that amount of money when it clearly is n't necessary , " the 29-year-old said . Naraine does not believe Congress and the president will come to an agreement on the fiscal cliff before the December 31 deadline . "  In recent years , when facing budget deadlines , the only agreement made is to extend the deadline , " he said . He blames this on the stubbornness of politicians and their unwillingness to compromise , which worries him if taxes were to rise as a result of the fiscal cliff crisis . "  I imagine I would need to look for two jobs instead of one so that I could pay off debt incurred during college , pay my bills , and survive , " he said . His advice for Congress is simple : Stop wasteful spending . For starters , he suggests that Congress could try hosting a potluck working lunch next time . Opinion : Beware the fiscal cliff deniers 4 . You ca n't please everyone Brian Chandler 's family is growing . He and his wife are expecting a second child , and their Georgia home is getting a little cramped . He 'd like to buy a new house , but if taxes were to rise because of the fiscal cliff , he said he would reconsider purchasing a new home . "  It 's more of a want versus a need , " he said . Chandler was raised in a household where his parents made a combined $ 45,000 in the 1990s . He said growing up he did n't get everything he wanted , "  but we got everything we needed . " Chandler worked his way through college and got an entry-level position in data security . Now at the age of 34 , he has a high-level managerial position . Despite his salary increase , he said the growth of his income does not change his spending habits . Decades later , he still maintains the want-versus-need mentality he learned growing up . "  I never go over my monthly income , " he said . "  I do n't drive a Porsche , even though I could afford one . " The Georgia resident believes Congress should apply the same philosophy when it comes to the fiscal cliff . "  Too often I feel our government tries to appease everyone , which clearly ca n't happen , " he said . He said the best advice he could give Congress is to not delay the process any longer . "  Make the tough decision " and "  understand that you wo n't be popular with all groups of Americans when you make a decision , " he said . 5 . Learn to live with less A few years ago , Bobbie Bosworth and her husband retired from teaching . Now at the age of 61 , Bosworth is working again in order to pay for rising health care costs . She hopes that President Obama 's Affordable Care Act will not only lower the cost of medical care , but also increase jobs in America , as she and others across the country will finally be able to retire for good . Despite the rising cost of living , and going back to work after retirement , she is hopeful about the economy . She also believes Congress and the president will come to some agreement over the fiscal cliff before the deadline at the end of this month . She thinks the fiscal cliff agreement should include raising taxes for the wealthy . "  I would rather  Congress  go over the cliff than not raise taxes on the rich , " she said . Over the years , Bosworth has learned to live on a tight budget . If taxes rise as a result of the fiscal cliff , she said she and her husband will have to cut back on things like traveling and eating out , which they 've done in the past . She said one of the best financial lessons she learned is to spend no more than what you have . "  Learn to live with less , " she advised . "  We do n't need a lot to be happy . "	Congress and President Obama have until December 31 to come to avert the fiscal cliff iReporters say Congress can learn a thing or two about budgeting the country 's finances One possible projected consequence of the fiscal cliff is rising taxes for many Americans Some iReporters urge Congress to work with only the money it has , stop borrowing money
ANTHONY , Texas  CNN  -- Texas may be best known for "  Big Oil . " But the oil that could some day make a dent in the country 's use of fossil fuels is small . Microscopic , in fact : algae . Literally and figuratively , this is green fuel . Plant physiologist Glen Kertz believes algae can some day be competitive as a source for biofuel . "  Algae is the ultimate in renewable energy , " Glen Kertz , president and CEO of Valcent Products , told CNN while conducting a tour of his algae greenhouse on the outskirts of El Paso . Kertz , a plant physiologist and entrepreneur , holds about 20 patents . And he is psyched about the potential algae holds , both as an energy source and as a way to deal with global warming . "  We are a giant solar collecting system . We get the bulk of our energy from the sunshine , " said Kertz . Algae are among the fastest growing plants in the world , and about 50 percent of their weight is oil . That lipid oil can be used to make biodiesel for cars , trucks , and airplanes . Watch how pond scum can be turned into fuel " Most people know algae as "  pond scum . " And until recently , most energy research and development projects used ponds to grow it . But instead of ponds , Valcent uses a closed , vertical system , growing the algae in long rows of moving plastic bags . The patented system is called Vertigro , a joint venture with Canadian alternative energy company Global Green Solutions . The companies have invested about $ 5 million in the Texas facility . "  A pond has a limited amount of surface area for solar absorption , " said Kertz . "  By going vertical , you can get a lot more surface area to expose cells to the sunlight . It keeps the algae hanging in the sunlight just long enough to pick up the solar energy they need to produce , to go through photosynthesis , " he said . Kertz said he can produce about 100,000 gallons of algae oil a year per acre , compared to about 30 gallons per acre from corn ; 50 gallons from soybeans . Using algae as an alternative fuel is not a new idea . The U.S. Department of Energy studied it for about 18 years , from 1978 to 1996 . But according to Al Darzins of the DOE 's National Renewable Energy Lab , in 1996 the feds decided that algae oil could never compete economically with fossil fuels . The price of a barrel of oil in 1996 ? About 20 bucks ! Government scientists experimented with algae in open ponds in California , Hawaii , and in Roswell , New Mexico . But that involved a lot of land area , with inherent problems of evaporation and contamination from other plant species and various flying and swimming critters . Darzins said NREL switched from algae research to focus on cellulosic ethanol . That 's ethanol made from plants like switchgrass and plant stover -- the leaves and stalks left after a harvest -- but not edible crops such as corn and soybeans . Valcent research scientist Aga Pinowska said there are about 65,000 known algae species , with perhaps hundreds of thousands more still to be identified . A big part of the research at the west Texas facility involves determining what type of algae produces what type of fuel . One species may be best suited for jet fuel , while the oil content of another may be more efficient for truck diesel . In the Vertigro lab , Pinowska studies the care and feeding of algae for just such specifics . She said even small changes in the nutrients that certain algae get can help create a more efficient oil content . And she said a knowledge of algae 's virtues goes way back . "  Even the Aztecs knew it was beneficial ; they used it as a high protein food , " said Pinowska . The other common commercial use of algae today is as a health food drink , usually sold as "  Spirulina . " I 'm too sexy for my pond And who knew that single celled plants could be such "  hotties " when it comes to sex ? Kertz said it 's a real "  algae orgy " under the microscope . Some algae reproduce sexually , some asexually , while many combine both modes . In some green algae the type of reproduction may be altered if there are changes in environmental conditions , such as lack of moisture or nutrients . Intriguing details like that keep Kertz and other scientists searching for more and different algae . While dusty west Texas may not be the best hunting grounds , he said he is always on the lookout for samples in puddles , streams or ponds . Locating algae processing plants intelligently can add to their efficiency . Locating algae facilities next to carbon producing power plants , or manufacturing plants , for instance , the plants could sequester the C02 they create and use those emissions to help grow the algae , which need the C02 for photosynthesis . And after more than a decade hiatus , the U.S. government is back in the algae game . The 2007 Energy Security and Independence Act includes language promoting the use of algae for biofuels . From the Pentagon to Minnesota to New Zealand , both governments and private companies are exploring the use of algae to produce fuel . But Al Darzins of the National Renewable Energy Lab said the world is still probably 5 to 10 years away from any substantial use of biofuels . "  There 's not any one system that anyone has chosen yet . Whatever it is has to be dirt , dirt cheap , " said Darzins . E-mail to a friend	Some types of algae are about 50 percent oil , suitable for biodiesel U.S. government is once again experimenting with algae as fuel source Scientists say there may be hundreds of thousands of species not yet identified Algae have extraordinarily diverse sex lives
In a split second and without warning , the plane began shaking violently in the sky . Passengers panicked and screamed . One woman called out for her baby . Another , they said , hit the ceiling so hard that she cracked the panel above her head . United Airlines Flight 1676 , carrying 114 passengers and five crew members , was headed from Denver to Billings , Montana . Just as it was about to land , turbulence struck . The plane started convulsing . "  There was a lot of screaming , a lot of hollering , " Bill Dahlin told CNN affiliate KTVQ . Three crew members and two passengers were taken to local hospitals . All were treated and released except one flight attendant , the airline said . Dahlin said the turbulence apparently took the flight crew by surprise . "  I think they were trying to assess things themselves , so they really did n't offer any explanation because of what happened so quickly , " he told KTVQ . Another passenger , Laurel Linde , told CNN the sudden turbulence felt like a fall . "  It almost felt like an impact from below the plane . It was so sharp , and then things and people were flying everywhere , " she said . Some folks were n't strapped into their seats , like a man sitting just a row or two in front of Linde . "  He flew up out of his seat , hit the roof of the plane and ended up on the other side of the aisle on top of a woman on that side , " she said . United Airlines said its flight safety team will review what happened . "  Our primary focus is assisting our employees and passengers who were injured , " United spokeswoman Christen David said . Transatlantic flights set to be bumpier Last month , a United flight returned to Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey after turbulence injured five flight attendants . The Beijing-bound United Flight 89 hit "  severe turbulence " about 45 minutes into the flight , officials said . According to the FAA , turbulence can be unexpected and can happen even when the sky appears to be clear . United Airlines flight returns to Newark airport after severe turbulence	Another passenger describes the turbulence as feeling like a fall Five people were taken to hospitals The captain declared a medical emergency on United Flight 1676 There were 114 passengers and five crew members on board
CNN  -- Colombian and Mexican drug cartels have jumped the Atlantic Ocean and expanded into West Africa , working closely with local criminal gangs to carve out a staging area for an assault on the lucrative European market . Authorities destroy cannabis found in Ivory Coast . West Africa is appealing to drug traffickers from Latin America . The situation has gotten so out of hand that tiny Guinea-Bissau , the fifth-poorest nation in the world , is being called Africa 's first narco-state . Others talk about how Africa 's Gold Coast has become the Coke Coast . In all , officials say , at least nine top-tier Latin American drug cartels have established bases in 11 West African nations . "  The same organizations that we investigate in Central and South America that are involved in drug activity toward the United States are engaged in this trafficking in Western Africa , " said Russell Benson , the Drug Enforcement Agency regional director for Europe and Africa . "  There 's not one country that has n't been touched to some extent . " The calculus is simple : bigger profits in Europe than in the United States , less law enforcement in West Africa than in Europe . The driving force is the booming European market for cocaine . "  The exponential rise in the number of consumers has made Europe the fastest-growing and most-profitable market in the world , " said Bruce Bagley , dean of the Graduate School of International Studies at the University of Miami . While the European market has been expanding , use in the United States has declined from its peak in the 1980s , the U.N. Office of Drugs and Crime said in its 2009 annual report , issued in July . "  Cocaine use prevalence in the USA is 50 percent lower than it was two decades ago , while Spain , Italy , Portugal , France and the United Kingdom have all seen cocaine use double or triple in recent years , " the U.N. report said . About 1,000 tons of pure cocaine are produced each year , nearly 60 percent of which evades law enforcement interception and makes it to market , the report said . That 's a wholesale global market of about $ 70 billion . Criminals traffic about 250 tons to Europe each year , though not all of it makes it there , the U.N. said . The European market totals about $ 11 billion . About 27 percent of the cocaine that entered Europe in 2006 came from Africa , the United Nations said . Huge profits make Europe particularly attractive . Two pounds of uncut cocaine can sell for $ 22,000 in the United States but for $ 45,000 in Europe , analyst Ashley-Louise Bybee wrote in a policy journal this year . The Justice Department said the price in Europe can be three times more than in the United States . "  It 's a significant market for them to exploit , " Benson said . A strong euro and weaker dollar also make Europe attractive to traffickers because of favorable exchange rates . There 's also the fact that the European Union recently issued a 500 euro note , currently equivalent to about $ 700 . The largest U.S. denomination in circulation is the $ 100 bill . Traffickers prefer the large euro notes because they are easier to carry in large quantities . For example , Benson said that $ 1 million in $ 100 bills weighs 22 pounds , while $ 1 million in 500 euro notes weighs 3.5 pounds . "  It 's a huge difference , " he said . Though Europe is highly attractive to traffickers , it can have tight , Western-style security . So the Colombian and Mexican cartels have discovered that it 's much easier to smuggle large loads into West Africa and then break that up into smaller shipments to the continent -- mostly Spain , the United Kingdom and France . West Africa is a smuggler 's dream , suffering from a combination of factors that make the area particularly vulnerable . It is among the poorest and least stable regions in the world . Governments are weak and ineffective and , as a top DEA chief testified to the U.S. Senate this summer , officials are often corrupt . Law enforcement also is largely riddled with corruption . Criminal gangs are rampant . Foot soldiers can be recruited from a large pool of poor and desperate youth . "  It 's a point of least resistance , " Benson said . West Africa refers to Benin , Burkina Faso , Cape Verde , Ivory Coast , Gambia , Ghana , Guinea , Guinea-Bissau , Liberia , Mali , Mauritania , Niger , Nigeria , Senegal , Sierra Leone and Togo . "  This area of the world is ripe , " Bagley said . "  There has been very little attention paid to it . The United States is loath to give aid to these countries because they are corrupt . " U.S. authorities find themselves at a great disadvantage fighting cartels that have much more money and guns . The DEA has four offices -- in Egypt , Ghana , Nigeria and South Africa -- to cover a continent that spans 11.7 million square miles and has nearly 1 billion people . "  It 's a big place , " Benson acknowledges , noting that there are 54 countries on the continent . Local police also are vastly outgunned . Guinea-Bissau offers an alarming example . "  The Judicial Police ... have 60 agents , one vehicle and often no fuel , " analyst Bybee wrote in a journal called New Voices in Public Policy , published by the George Mason University School of Public Policy . "  As a result , when culprits are apprehended , they are driven in a taxi to the police station . They just recently received six sets of handcuffs from the U.K. , which were badly needed . In the military , one rusty ship patrols the 350-kilometer  217-mile  coastline and 88 islands . " Even when criminals are caught , Bybee said , "  the near absence of a judicial system allows traffickers to operate unimpeded . " For example , she said , "  because the police are so impotent , the culprits are often held for just a few hours before senior military personnel suddenly attain extraordinary judicial powers to demand their release . " The few officials who stand up to the traffickers receive death threats or are killed . West Africa also is particularly attractive to traffickers because it is near "  the soft underbelly of Europe , " said retired four-star Army Gen. Barry McCaffrey , who was drug policy director for President Clinton . Geography plays another role because West Africa is fairly close to the three South American nations that produce nearly all of the world 's cocaine -- Colombia , Peru and Bolivia . Many of the shipments depart from Venezuela , which shares a 1,273-mile  2,050-kilometer  porous border with Colombia and is even closer to Africa . "  They go right dead-ass across the shortest route , " McCaffrey said . Most of the cocaine shipments cross the Atlantic in large "  mother ships " and then are off-loaded to small vessels near the coastline , the United Nations said . Small planes modified for overseas flight that can carry a 1-ton cargo also have been used . Most of those come from Venezuela , the United Nations reported . A report issued in July by the Government Accountability Office said traffickers use go-fast boats , fishing vessels and commercial shipping containers as the primary means of smuggling cocaine out of Venezuela . McCaffrey also noted the use of go-fast boats and special planes . DEA Assistant Administrator Thomas Harrigan testified before the Senate in June that authorities in Sierra Leone seized a cocaine shipment last year from a twin-engine aircraft marked with a Red Cross insignia . The flight originated in Venezuela , he said . The GAO report noted that "  U.S. government officials have observed an increase in suspicious air traffic originating in Venezuela . " In 2004 , the report said , authorities tracked 109 suspect flights out of Venezuela . In 2007 , officials tracked 178 suspicious flights . Then there 's the crime connection in West Africa . "  Colombian and Venezuelan traffickers are entrenched in West Africa and have cultivated long-standing relationships with African criminal networks to facilitate their activities in the region , " Harrigan told a Senate subcommittee on African affairs . "  These organizations do n't operate in a vacuum , " Benson said . "  They have to align themselves with West African criminal groups . " The cartels also have aligned themselves with terrorists , Harrigan said . "  The threat of narco-terrorism in Africa is a real concern , including the presence of international terrorist organizations operating or based in Africa , such as the regional threat presented by al Qaeda in the Lands of Maghreb , " he said , referring to al Qaeda activists in North Africa . "  In addition , DEA investigations have identified elements of Colombia 's Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia -LSB- FARC -RSB- as being involved in cocaine trafficking in West Africa . " Benson said the groups operating in Africa are "  primarily narcotics organizations " but acknowledged that the Marxist FARC guerrillas in Colombia are a force to be dealt with . The rebels have waged war on the Colombian government for more than 40 years . "  The profit potential is such that the FARC is one of the largest cocaine-trafficking operations globally and is also a terrorist organization , " he said . Bagley and McCaffrey see less evidence of terrorist connections with the traffickers in Africa , both using nearly identical language . "  I 'd be really skeptical of those kinds of assertions , " McCaffrey said . "  I 'm quite skeptical about linkages between cartels and terrorists , " Bagley said . "  The criminal groups seek profits . They 're not interested in taking over governments . " Still , Bagley said , traffickers and terrorists may use some of the same criminal networks . Analysts note that the surge of cartel activity in West Africa is a fairly recent development . The U.N. report said it started around 2005 . Bybee places it around 2006 . McCaffrey , who was in the Clinton White House in the 1990s , said he saw the problem coming a long time ago . "  I 've been warning people in Europe and Latin America starting 10 years ago where this issue was going to move , " he said . "  The Europeans absolutely blew me off . " The U.N. report offers some hope , saying that cocaine seizures in Europe peaked in 2006 and topped out in West Africa in 2007 . Overall seizures have declined since 2006 , the report said . "  This trend appears to be continuing in 2009 and includes declines in the number and volume of seizures made in the region and in the number of air couriers coming from the region in Europe , " the report concluded . For example , authorities seized 11 large shipments in Africa in 2007 , four in 2008 and none so far this year . The report does not specify whether there are fewer shipments or smarter criminals avoiding detection . But if there is a decline , the DEA 's Benson said he has not seen it . "  In the last three or four years , it 's increased quite dramatically , " he said . "  The Colombian organizations have been active there longer than that . In the last two years , we 've also seen Mexican involvement in the area as well . "	Guinea-Bissau , fifth-poorest nation in the world , is called Africa 's first narco-state Officials : At least nine Latin American drug cartels have set up bases in West Africa West Africa has little law enforcement , making it easier for traffickers there More money can be made selling drugs to Europe than to the U.S. , officials say
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- The Syrian government blamed last Friday 's rebel attack on an electric power station in downtown Damascus on "  armed terrorist gangs " -- the same epithet it has used to describe the protest movement that erupted in the southern border city of Daraa more than a year ago . But the gunfire and explosions that echoed across the Syrian capital in recent days have underscored a turning point of sorts . The clashes shattered the notion that Damascus exists in a security bubble . Helicopters said to fire indiscriminately Syria experts say the battle for Syria 's two largest cities -- Damascus and the country 's economic capital , Aleppo -- has begun . "  In both places we 've seen not just more armed clashes than ever in the past , but also a revival of the protest movement in its peaceful dimension , " said Peter Harling , a Damascus-based analyst with the conflict-resolution organization International Crisis Group . "  What has changed is the conflict has moved into areas that the regime claimed was being dominated by the silent majority , which wanted stability , not regime change , " Harling added . That facade has been shattered in recent weeks , not by bullet or bombs , but through padlocks and keys . On Monday , May 28 , row after row of shops and stalls in the cavernous Hamidiya Bazaar in the heart of Damascus were shuttered . Shopkeepers across the capital staged a general strike to protest against the suspected massacre of civilians in the village of Houla -- allegedly by pro-government militia . "  When the merchants of Hamidiya -- the main souq  marketplace  -- go on strike , you know you have lost the conscience and heart of Damascus , " wrote Joshua Landis , a Syria expert and director of the Center for Middle East Studies at the University of Oklahoma . "  The Sunni bourgeoisie has now turned on the regime . . " "  This is really a very strong signal suggesting that the historical alliance between the regime and the business establishment in the capital is at least partially broken , " added ICG 's Harling . Harling pointed out that even during the height of the bloody Syrian government crackdown against the Muslim Brotherhood in 1982 , Hafez al Assad , the father of the current Syrian president , succeeded in preventing Damascus merchants from staging strikes . Several days after last month 's market strike in Damascus , however , shopkeepers in several Aleppo commercial districts mounted a similar but smaller protest . "  I did n't open my shop . All the Aleppo suburbs are on strike today  after  what happened in Houla , " an Aleppo shopkeeper who asked only to be named Abu Karim , said in a phone interview with CNN . "  We carry the responsibility for continuing to work while people are dying , " Abu Karim added . "  That is our shame . " In some cases , Syrian security forces lashed out at the silent commercial protest . One activist video showed men in camouflage uniforms using bolt cutters to force open the metal shutters of locked shops on a Damascus street . The violence roiling the country , combined with sanctions imposed by Western governments , has contributed to economic hardship faced by ordinary Syrians . More than a dozen residents of Damascus and Aleppo interviewed by CNN complained of daily power outages and rising prices of commodities including sugar and cooking fuel . "  They cut the electricity for two hours every morning , and of course it affects work a lot , because the whole company runs on computers , " said the CEO of a Damascus-based media company , speaking to CNN on condition of anonymity for fear of his life . He said he had assigned one of his employees the task of purchasing diesel to run backup generators , but added that this was complicated by the recent spike in the price of fuel . "  With the economic sanctions on the country , it is difficult for us to continue providing services because money transactions can not get through to us from our -LSB- foreign -RSB- clients , " the CEO said . "  Due to power outages , all the perishable food stocks in my refrigerators and freezers were ruined , " said Usama , a Damascus shopkeeper who asked only to be identified by his first name to protect himself from reprisal . Usama told CNN he finally decided to shut down his business . "  What 's the point of having a shop when nobody buys from you and people have no money to spend , and when they do they only spend it on the most basic needs ? " he asked . As economic conditions have worsened , the security presence in the two main cities has ramped up dramatically . A recent opposition video showed military trucks and hundreds of soldiers dressed in camouflage using the main sports stadium in Damascus as an apparent staging ground . "  It 's so different than when I was here six months ago , " reported Deborah Amos , a correspondent for U.S. National Public Radio , in a broadcast from Damascus on Saturday . "  This was an alive city . People were out at night . They were in the cafes and in the restaurants .  Now  at night , the people go home and it 's time for the army to take over . " Analysts argue that President Bashar al-Assad 's regime 's decision to use overwhelming military force to try to crush opposition in second-tier cities like Homs has only spread the tentacles of the insurgency into cities that were once bastions of government support . Al-Assad defined by indecision , violence "  The regime has been sowing dragon 's teeth , " wrote Joshua Landis of the University of Oklahoma . "  For every opponent of the regime killed , several more pop up to take its place . " "  What we see is a regime whose narrative boiled down to ` us or chaos . ' But increasingly what we see is ` them and chaos , " said Harling of the International Crisis Group . "  The regime has been incapable of imposing law and order . " The Syrian regime is still far from defeated . It has fervent supporters and vastly better weapons than the rebels . But the image it successfully projected throughout much of the first 15 months of the uprising -- that of a government in control -- has begun to crack .	Gunfire echoing across Damascus underscores a turning point of sorts Syria experts say the battle for the nation 's two largest cities has begun Damascus and the country 's economic capital , Aleppo , have seen armed clashes They 've also seen peaceful protests including strikes by shopkeepers
Los Angeles  CNN  -- In the wake of a teacher misconduct scandal , Los Angeles school officials have referred the discipline cases of 604 teachers from the past four years to state authorities to decide whether the teachers ' licenses should also be revoked , a school spokesman said Thursday . Of the 604 cases in which teachers were fired or facing discipline , 60 teachers were accused of sexual misconduct with pupils on or off campus or with minors who were n't students , school officials told CNN . The California Commission on Teacher Credentialing will investigate 366 of the 604 teacher cases , spokeswoman Anne Padilla said on Thursday . Most of the cases focused on allegations of teacher misconduct that involved student safety . The referral of the cases to state licensing investigators is the latest turn in the nation 's second largest school system . It has been reeling from a scandal at Miramonte Elementary School , where two teachers have been charged with lewd acts on pupils , including one teacher accused of putting children in adult-like bondage situations and placing semen-filled spoons at their mouths . The lurid allegations prompted an internal review of the system 's handling of past teacher misconduct cases , and the district determined that 604 cases needed to be referred to state licensing authorities for review , though "  a substantial number " of other misconduct cases had already been reported to the state , school officials told CNN . "  Protecting California 's schoolchildren is always a priority for the commission . The workload has been a challenge , but a necessary one , " commission executive director Mary Vixie Sandy said in a statement . The 604 cases include teachers who were disciplined or were about to face discipline since July 2008 , according to Ira Berman , Los Angeles Unified School District director of employee relations , and Vivian Ekchian , the district 's chief human resources officer . The cases also include teachers who were fired by the school board or who left the district after termination proceedings were initiated or while an allegation of misconduct was pending , Berman and Ekchian said . The system does n't know whether any of the teachers who were fired or who left the district are still in the classroom in other school districts , according to Berman and Ekchian . The 604 figure also includes teachers who were suspended for 11 days or more for a variety of reasons not involving sexual misconduct with students , the two officials said . "  The safety of our students is our No. 1 priority , " Ekchian said in explaining why the system referred the 604 cases to the state . The United Teachers Los Angeles , the teachers ' union , had no comment Thursday on the school board 's action , spokeswoman Marla Eby said . The system 's internal investigation arose after parental outrage at Miramonte , where a teacher resigned from the system last year but was not referred to the state for possible license revocation , school district spokesman Tom Waldman said . That person is former teacher Mark Berndt , 61 , who pleaded not guilty in February to allegations he bound young students , then photographed them with semen-filled spoons held at their mouths and three-inch cockroaches crawling across their faces , among other graphic depictions . "  We had not informed Sacramento to revoke Mr. Berndt 's credentials , " Waldman said . Berndt 's teaching credentials have been suspended , Padilla said . Berndt is being held on $ 23 million bond and faces 23 counts of lewd acts on a child . The 23 victims were between 7 and 10 years old , and all but two of them were girls , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . Authorities have said they have discovered roughly 600 images allegedly taken by Berndt in his classroom . Los Angeles School Superintendent John Deasy has said Berndt was removed from his teaching job in January 2011 after school officials learned of the police investigation . A teacher for 30 years , Berndt initially challenged the school district 's decision to dismiss him . But he eventually dropped his appeal and resigned last spring . His arrest in January led to a broader fallout over the adequacy of safeguards for the school 's students and the prospect of more victims . Days after Berndt was taken into custody , another Miramonte Elementary teacher -- Martin Springer , 49 -- was arrested and charged with three felony counts of lewd acts with a girl younger than 14 . He has pleaded not guilty . The school board subsequently shut Miramonte for two days , during which the board reconstituted the entire staff in the 1,400-student school . Miramonte is in unincorporated Los Angeles County within the Florence-Firestone area , about six miles south of downtown Los Angeles . Meanwhile , the California state auditor is going to carry out an emergency $ 300,000 audit of the Los Angeles Unified School District 's actions in managing and documenting child abuse claims , said State Assemblyman Ricardo Lara , D-Bell Gardens , who sponsored the performance audit proposal . The incident at Miramonte and similar allegations of child sex abuse at other Los Angeles public schools prompted the audit , Lara said . CNN 's Jaqueline Hurtado contributed to this report .	Los Angeles school officials submit 604 teacher discipline cases for state licensing review State teaching licensing authorities say they will investigate 366 of the teachers The action is fallout from a teacher misconduct scandal in the school system "  The safety of our students is our No. 1 priority , " L.A. school official says
Washington  CNN  -- Two weeks ago , the Senate passed a comprehensive immigration reform bill on a 68-32 vote , with 14 Republicans joining the Democratic majority to send the measure drafted by a bipartisan "  Gang of Eight " to the GOP-controlled House . President Barack Obama pushed for the House to quickly take up the measure that would provide a path to citizenship for 11 million immigrants living illegally in the country while bolstering security along the Mexican border . The proposal also includes stronger worker eligibility verification standards and overall border entry-exit controls . However , House Republicans made clear Wednesday they opposed the comprehensive approach of the Senate and intended to consider the issue in a series of bills that will take months to reach final votes . In addition , the House GOP caucus was deeply divided on the question of eventual citizenship for undocumented immigrants , with some calling for a path to legal status while others opposed any kind of what they labeled amnesty for those who broke the law . While House leaders warned the party faced political harm if it failed to act on immigration legislation , a vital issue for Hispanic Americans who comprise the nation 's largest minority demographic , the piecemeal approach and divisions over the legalization issue portend a messy and uncertain future for the issue . Here are five reasons why : Bipartisanship necessary in Senate , not the House . A 60-vote majority is needed to push major legislation through the 100-member Senate , which means Senate Democrats and Republicans usually have to work together to get anything substantive accomplished . The House , however , does not often require such a super-majority . As long as a simple majority sticks together , it can do virtually anything it pleases . Mix that rule with increasing ideological orthodoxy and a decreasing willingness to compromise -- particularly within the conservative ranks of the majority House GOP -- and you have a recipe for stalemate with the Democratic-controlled Senate . "  Passing any version of the Gang of Eight 's bill would be worse public policy than passing nothing , " conservative pundits Bill Kristol and Rich Lowry argued Tuesday in National Review Online . "  House Republicans can do the country a service by putting a stake through its heart . " In today 's hyper-partisan political climate , doing nothing is the easiest path for House Republicans to take and even a bragging point for tea party conservatives who came to Washington to shake up the status quo . While moderate House GOP leaders call for passing some kind of immigration legislation to avoid a potential political backlash , conservatives in the rank-and-file say such fears are unfounded as voters will reward Republicans for opposing what they call a bad Senate bill . Republicans do n't trust Obama on border security . Kansas Rep. Tim Huelskamp might have said it best . The two-term conservative Republican tweeted Wednesday that "  trusting Obama  with  border security is like trusting Bill Clinton  with  your daughter . " Ouch . Virtually every congressional Republican says the Mexican border needs to be properly enforced before Democrats get their priority -- a path to citizenship for America 's 11 million undocumented residents . Sens. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , and John Hoeven , R-North Dakota , added billions for Mexican border security to the "  Gang of Eight " bill . For a lot of Republicans , though , the issue involves trust , not money . They remember the last major immigration reform effort , in 1986 under GOP President Ronald Reagan , that also called for tightened immigration controls while giving three million undocumented immigrants legal status . They say the amnesty occurred but the tougher border controls did n't , leading to the much-worse situation today . Now they do n't trust Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano to secure the border . They also claim Obama 's recent decision to delay implementation of part of health care reform showed the administration ca n't be counted on to fully enforce any law . By taking a piecemeal approach , House Republicans hope to secure the tougher border security they seek before acting on a separate plan that could provide legal status for at least some undocumented immigrants . In short , pass a border security bill now , and then come back to the legalization issue once everyone agrees the border is sealed . Democrats reject such an approach . The conundrum of citizenship/legalization While the Senate measure provides a multi-year path to citizenship for most undocumented immigrants , House Republicans made clear Wednesday they remained split about 50-50 on the matter . Reasons for opposing any kind of legalization range from punishing lawbreakers to political protectionism , with conservatives fearing that most immigrants given what they call amnesty and the eventual right to vote will lean Democratic . However , the issue of legalizing immigrants is broad and complex , creating lots of uncertainty . For example , the Senate bill would automatically give immigrants living illegally in the United States temporary legal status as "  registered provisional immigrants . " Only when certain border security steps had been taken could they apply for permanent residency , or green cards , as a step toward potential citizenship in process that would take more than a decade . Many House Republicans made clear they do n't want any kind of legal status for undocumented immigrants until the borders are secure . Even those open to legalization do n't want it to include a path to full citizenship . The labels and definitions of legal status will be a major sticking point in the continuing debate , but also could be a source of compromise . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia told Wednesday 's GOP caucus meeting that children of undocumented immigrants brought illegally to America through no fault of their own should be provided a path to legal status , a position strongly favored by Democrats . The backing of Cantor and other House Republicans for such a provision showed room for maneuvering exists . After meeting with Obama at the White House on Thursday , GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona called on House Republicans to negotiate an immigration bill . "  We are ready to sit down with you and negotiate and bring this issue to a conclusion , " said McCain , part of the bipartisan Senate "  Gang of Eight . " Sweeping reform is n't popular with GOP in either chamber . There may be more Senate GOP support for comprehensive immigration reform , but not that much . Only 14 of 46 GOP senators backed the "  Gang of Eight " bill heralded in its creation as a triumph of bipartisanship in a sharply divided Congress . Why should House Republicans be more in favor ? Remember that all politics is still local -- especially in the House . Many House Republicans represent ruby red districts with few Hispanics , where any path to citizenship is unpopular and the big fear is a primary challenge from the right . Which leads us to ... The Hastert rule House Speaker John Boehner has made clear that the House will only take up immigration reform that is backed by a majority of its Republican members . That is keeping with the maxim of former House Speaker Dennis Hastert that prevented votes on legislation that lacked strong support from the controlling party . Democrats contend the Senate version would pass the House with a few dozen Republicans joining them to overcome opposition by most of the GOP caucus . While it is unclear if that 's true , permitting it to happen would antagonize many of Boehner 's fellow Republicans . "  If the speaker allows a vote on any immigration bill that results in passage despite a majority of the Republican conference voting against it , then it will be interesting to see if he can muster the votes to get re-elected after the next election , " Alabama GOP Rep. Mo Brooks recently told CNN .	House Republicans oppose the comprehensive bill passed by the Senate A key sticking point is the pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants Lack of trust is another obstacle , as GOP legislators remember the 1986 bill GOP Sen. McCain calls for the House to negotiate a compromise
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The British are coming , the British are coming -- to Brooklyn ? By subway ? Barclays has paid $ 300 million for the naming rights to the New Jersey Nets arena . New York 's struggling Metropolitan Transportation Authority has sold the naming rights to the second-busiest subway stop in Brooklyn . The Atlantic Avenue-Pacific Street Station will now have the name of a British bank , Barclays , added to it . Several subway riders are outraged that Barclays has purchased the naming rights to this subway stop , which sees about 10 million people go through it each day . One straphanger said , "  A London Bank should n't be the name of this train station ; it 's something that belongs to the public domain . " Another said , "  It 's just everywhere we go , everything we do , it 's just branding , branding , branding . It 's America now . " Renaming the Atlantic-Pacific Station is tied to the construction of Barclays Center , the new sports arena for the National Basketball Association 's New Jersey Nets . Barclays is paying developer Forest City Ratner $ 300 million for naming rights to this arena . Ratner , in a separate deal , will be paying the Metropolitan Transportation Authority $ 200,000 a year for the next 20 years to rename this commuter hub . Authority Press Secretary Jeremy Soffin said , "  Like transit systems all over the U.S. and around the world , we are facing budget deficits . " In an effort to bridge the authority 's $ 1 billion deficit , the transit giant that oversees the operation of the city 's subways , buses and rail lines wants to follow the Barclays example with stations throughout the system . Though the Atlantic-Pacific subway station is the first in New York for which naming rights have been sold , across the country , there have been several cases of public transportation systems using naming rights to increase revenue . In 2003 , the Las Vegas monorail system signed a 12-year , $ 50 million deal with Nextel to put its name on the station in the Las Vegas Convention Center . The Cleveland Bus System sold station names to two hospitals for $ 1.1 million a year . Internationally , Dubai 's Roads and Transport Authority has been selling the naming rights of 23 metro stations . However , not all naming rights deals are successful . In 2001 , the Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority tried to raise $ 22 million by auctioning the naming rights to four historic "  T " stations . It received no bids . Reassuring the public that there are certain lines they wo n't cross when it comes to renaming stations of historical value , Soffin said , "  It 's a very clear line there , and we want to be as open as possible , but we 're not sort of selling the shop here . "	Basketball arena developer pays $ 200,000 a year for 20 years for rights Atlantic Avenue-Pacific Street station is second busiest in Brooklyn Riders express disappointment at "  branding " of subway stop
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- Who is stealing -- and crashing -- airplanes in Washington state ? Police say they found this self-portrait of Colton Harris-Moore in the deleted file of a stolen digital camera . The 18-year-old man police call the prime suspect does not have a pilot 's license . But he does have a nickname -- "  The Barefoot Burglar " -- and a Facebook fan club , which compares him to Jesse James "  without the murders " and exhorts : "  Fly , Colt , Fly . " Police say Colton "  Colt " Harris-Moore has been linked to crimes in five counties involving planes , luxury cars and boats . He 's known to alternate between squatting in vacant vacation homes , which he allegedly burglarizes , and roughing it in the woods . Since November , police say , at least three small , private planes have been stolen and flown away . The latest to go missing crash-landed last week in a clearing in Granite Falls , Washington , after running out of fuel , police said . The rough landing damaged the Cessna 182 , which along with its instruments is worth more than $ 500,000 . But authorities said the plane 's pilot appears to have walked away unhurt . Harris-Moore has not been charged in any of the plane thefts . But authorities are testing vomit found in the cockpit of one plane to see whether they can place the teen inside . Harris-Moore has been on authorities ' radar for years . "  Colt , " as he is called , was first arrested for burglary at age 12 , said Detective Ed Wallace , a spokesman for the Island County Sheriff 's Office . The break-in at a local school earned Colton a few weeks in a juvenile facility , Wallace said . Local media reports tally nine arrests for Harris-Moore before the age of 15 . Now police in five counties in Washington state are looking for him . Harris-Moore dropped out of high school and , according to Wallace , police believe he spent his teens burglarizing unoccupied homes on Camano Island , a vacation community of about 15,000 people off the Washington state coast . He became known as "  the Barefoot Burglar , " because , investigators say , he preferred to prowl shoeless . Gradually , Wallace alleges , Harris-Moore moved onto more sophisticated crimes . "  He will typically break into a home or vehicle and copy down the credit card numbers , " Wallace said . "  He then leaves the credit cards behind so people do n't realize they have been stolen . " Wallace said Harris-Moore has charged thousands of dollars worth of video games , GPS devices and police scanners online , using stolen credit cards . When Harris-Moore was n't squatting in homes , he took to the woods with survival gear to elude police . He 's been known to hide in the trees . "  He 's almost like a feral child , " Wallace said . Harris-Moore 's days of running from authorities on the 40-square-mile island appeared to end in 2007 when he was arrested and pleaded guilty to three counts of burglary . Wallace said some of the charges were dismissed as part of the guilty plea . Less than a year later , Wallace said , Harris-Moore allegedly walked away from a juvenile halfway house . Police on Camano Island again began receiving reports of thefts that fit Harris-Moore 's profile , Wallace said . In 2008 , a deputy said he spotted Harris-Moore in a stolen Mercedes-Benz , but he lost the suspect when he allegedly dove from the moving vehicle . After the chase , police recovered a stolen digital camera from the car . Wallace said he found a deleted self-portrait of Harris-Moore , who posed in a shirt with a telltale Mercedes-Benz insignia . The shirt also belonged to the vehicle 's owner . Harris-Moore faces 10 counts in that case , as well as other thefts , Internet crimes and burglaries , Wallace said . Charges are expected soon in a dozen more cases . Harris-Moore dropped from sight for a while when wanted posters of him went up around Camano Island . Soon , though , authorities in the San Juan Islands noticed a series of break-ins and wondered whether Harris-Moore was island-hopping . The theft of a Cessna 182 from the San Juan Islands in November jogged Wallace 's memory . He recalled what he had found on a computer he said Harris-Moore used . "  He had looked at flight manuals and how to fly a plane , " he said . Another theft of a small experimental plane had been reported in September . John Zerby , undersheriff of San Juan County , said police do n't think the two thefts are a coincidence . "  This does n't happen here , that 's why we think they go together , " he said . Police consider Harris-Moore to be a fugitive . Even though Harris-Moore has no known flight training , Zerby said police are certain he is their mystery pilot . Harris-Moore 's mother doubts her son learned to fly on his own . "  Any time anything is stolen , they blame it on Colt , " Pam Kohler told the Everett Herald newspaper . "  Let 's say you 're the smartest person in the world . Would n't you need a little bit of training in flying a plane ? They 're not easy . " CNN attempted to contact Kohler , but her phone was disconnected . CNN also tried to reach a former attorney for Harris-Moore but the lawyer has not returned calls requesting comment . Experts said that teaching oneself to fly is difficult but not impossible . "  It 's been heard of , " said flight instructor Devin Tolentino . "  Let 's face it , the Wright brothers were able to teach themselves . Landing would be the hardest part , but if you were n't too concerned about using the plane again , it could be done . " Meanwhile , authorities in Whatcom County are investigating whether Harris-Moore stole a boat and used it to reach Point Roberts , where burglaries at three vacation homes have recently been reported , Deputy Jeff Roberts said . Point Roberts , a small peninsula , is U.S. territory but is accessible only from the water or through Canada . From parts of Point Roberts , entering Canada is just a matter of crossing the street . Last week , law enforcement agencies got a new lead when a private plane was stolen in Bonner 's Ferry , Idaho , just across the border from Canada . Residents noticed a plane flying at an altitude of 100 feet as it left the area on Tuesday , said Detective Dave McClelland . The plane was found Thursday , crashed and out of fuel in a patch of cleared forest in Granite Falls , Washington . On Sunday , authorities say they received a report of a burglary . "  Blankets , shoes and food -LSB- were -RSB- taken instead of big-ticket items like TVs , " said sheriff 's spokeswoman Rebecca Hover . A gunshot rang out as deputies searched the woods and came across some of the stolen items , Hover said . No one was injured , but the SWAT team was called in . Police searched the area , using a helicopter with an infrared heat detection scanner and another Blackhawk helicopter provided by the Department of Homeland Security . Low-tech police work led to Harris-Moore 's arrest in 2005 . Police staked out his mother 's house , waiting until someone inside ordered a pizza . Police rode in the delivery car to the house and waited for Harris-Moore to come to them .	Police believe Colton Harris-Moore may be stealing , crash-landing small planes Harris-Moore , 18 , is well-known to authorities in Washington state He allegedly has been breaking into buildings since he was 12 Known as the "  Barefoot Burglar , " Harris-Moore has a Facebook fan club
CNN  -- In describing one 's relationship status , Facebook offers the option : "  It 's complicated . " This sums up the relationship between Hispanic voters and the political parties . On the one hand , Hispanics are overwhelmingly more likely to connect with Democrats than with Republicans -- by nearly a 3-to-1 margin . A new survey released by the Public Religion Research Institute , a nonprofit Washington-based research group , found that 56 % of registered Hispanic voters identified with Democrats , 19 % identified with Republicans , and 19 % with Independents . In the survey , more than 6 in 10 Hispanics said they felt close to the Democratic Party , while only 3 in 10 said that about the Republican Party . When Hispanics were asked to describe the parties , 48 % of the responses about Republicans were negative words like "  intolerant " or "  out of touch , " while just 22 % of the responses about Democrats were negative . In the 20th century , the Democratic Party was home to working-class ethnic groups  Polish , Irish , Italian , etc.  who saw Republicans as the party of the rich . Today , it is the go-to place for Latinos who feel picked on by the GOP . Yet for Republicans , all is not lost . Hispanic voters have demonstrated they can think for themselves . When choosing candidates , they will often put the person before the party . And so they 've been known to throw their support behind Republicans who take moderate stances on immigration and eschew the GOP 's tendency to turn the already contentious debate into an ugly culture war where immigrants are often portrayed as inferior to the native-born . It worked for President Ronald Reagan and former Sen. John Tower of Texas , both of whom took Hispanic outreach seriously and invested the resources to attract Hispanic support . Other Republicans who , at various times in their careers , earned substantial Latino support -- i.e. , more than 30 % of the vote -- include Sen. John McCain of Arizona , former Arizona Gov. Jane Hull , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan , former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , and , of course , former President George W. Bush . Most Latinos do n't change their political affiliation . They 're notoriously brand loyal . Even when they flirt with a Republican candidate , they go home to the Democratic Party . President Obama got an impressive 71 % of the Latino vote in the 2012 election . But even that part of the story is complicated . In August , a Gallup Poll found that -- when one looks at Obama 's job approval rating -- there is a huge swing , among Latinos , from one quarter to the next . Obama 's support among Latinos is a mile wide and an inch deep . One thing you hear a lot of in Latino circles is that many of these voters , in picking Obama over Republican challenger Mitt Romney , chose the "  lesser of two evils . " In a recent interview with CNN 's Jake Tapper , Romney said the biggest strategic error of his campaign was "  not investing sufficiently , particularly in Hispanic TV and Hispanic outreach to help Hispanic voters understand that ours is the party of opportunity . " He also insisted that his message did n't get out . "  I think my position and the position of our party is not well understood at the Hispanic community , " Romney said . I think Hispanics understood what Romney was selling . They just were n't buying . Be that as it may , now that Romney is not in the picture , many Latinos are not shy about expressing their view that Obama has n't been in their corner , and nor are they on his radar . Latino voters can really shake things up if the Republican candidate is smart about pursuing them . According to polls , the number of Latinos who identify themselves as being on the far left is quite small . In an August 2012 survey , the Pew Hispanic Center found that only 30 % of Hispanics consider themselves "  liberal " while 63 % chose either "  moderate " or "  conservative . " Yet , one area where neither party has been very smart is with regard to the critical issue of immigration . One reason that Latinos are increasingly ambivalent about Obama and the Democrats is that , under this administration , the number of deportations of undocumented immigrants is on track to reach 2 million in 2014 . Meanwhile , many Republicans remain stubbornly opposed to giving the undocumented an earned pathway to legal status and pander to nativists by stirring up anxiety over the country 's changing demographics . It 's true that Latinos care about other issues more than immigration . In fact , the top three issues of concern for Latino voters are usually jobs/the economy , education and health care . But immigration is also a defining issue , a litmus test that tells them whether they can trust a given candidate or a party to deal with them fairly and honestly when it comes to other issues . Those issues now include the government shutdown over Obamacare . Although both parties are very clearly at fault , polls show that most of the blame for this debacle is going to Republicans . A majority of Latinos support Obamacare , so they 're not going to look fondly on the GOP for gumming up the works to protest a program that Latinos support anyway . It 's a little early to tell what the fallout will be but it might be that the shutdown only serves to further tarnish the Republican brand in the Latino community . The GOP was already in a hole with Latino voters , and it may have just gotten a little deeper . Still , it 's also entirely possible that Latinos will wind up doing on the shutdown what they 're doing on the stalemate over immigration reform and spread the blame to both parties . No matter how daunting the challenge , Republicans must n't give up on attracting Latino support . Stranger things have happened . But they need to change their game plan , holster the intolerance , and start approaching those voters with something that they 're not getting much of from either party : honesty and respect . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	A survey shows that Hispanics connect more with Democrats than Republicans Ruben Navarrette : Republicans must n't give up on attracting Latino support He says most Latinos support Obamacare , so shutdown is a disservice to GOP Navarrette : If Republican candidates pursue Latino voters , they can win them over
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Subtlety may not be in Kevin Smith 's vocabulary , but a lot of off-color words are . They 're sprinkled liberally throughout the writer-director 's new movie , "  Zack and Miri Make a Porno . " Kevin Smith ca n't understand why the word "  porno " is still a hot button for some people . The comedy stars Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks as roommates and longtime friends who decide that the solution to their money problems is to make a porn film . Strong language is nothing new for Smith , whose first film , "  Clerks , " put him on the map with its merrily scatological musings . Though the film had little violence or exposed skin , it was initially given an NC-17 rating by the MPAA based on the language . "  Zack and Miri " was also a possibility for an NC-17 , considered the kiss of death by studios because of distributing and marketing challenges , until Smith argued its merits to the ratings board and received an R . Since "  Clerks , " Smith 's films have been almost wistfully romantic  "  Chasing Amy , " "  Jersey Girl "  or as joyfully profane as "  Clerks "  "  Dogma , " "  Clerks II "  . "  Zack and Miri , " which opens Friday , is a blend of the two Smiths : full of sex and colorful language , but with a sweet side . Indeed , Banks told CNN not to be fooled by the film 's tawdry talk . "  Kevin Smith is a huge romantic , " she said . "  He likes to wrap up the romance in profanity , but the guy is more sweet than spicy . " Watch why "  Zack and Miri " is so controversial " In an interview with CNN , Smith , 38 , cheerfully acknowledged that this is not a film for prudes . The following is an edited version of the conversation . Kevin Smith : There 's a bit of language in this picture . I 'm not going to lie to you . ... I do n't even think of it as salty . To me , it 's just like part of a lexicon . CNN : Well , you do hear it a lot . Smith : Yeah , yeah , yeah , no doubt . We 're raising our kid in a household where people curse , as an experiment . And I think our experiment is working , because I do n't tame my language around the kid . I do n't run up to her and yell -LSB- expletive -RSB- in her face , but I do n't go out of my way to like not curse in front of her . And honestly , ironically , she does n't curse . And I 've tried to get her to curse for like friends and family , because it 's always entertaining to hear a child curse , and she does n't do it . CNN : Well ... I almost hesitate to ask , but tell me what the genesis was of the film . Smith : It 's a movie I 've been researching since I was like 12 years old , to be honest with you . And sometimes three or four times a day . ... But it only really came together when I saw Seth Rogen in "  40-Year-Old Virgin " and instantly fell in love with him and was like , "  I got to work with this guy . " ... So I started thinking about this movie , and immediately it kind of crystallized . Seeing Seth and thinking about porn , I was like , boom , "  Zack and Miri Make a Porno . " I wrote the script with him in mind . And by the time I finished with it , "  Knocked Up " was about to open , and the word was it was going to be huge , so I was like , we missed our window . This guy 's going to be famous , and he 'll want nothing to do with this movie . But I sent him an e-mail anyway where I said , "  Look , man , I wrote this flick with you in mind . Please give it a read . " ... And I got an e-mail back within five minutes that said , "  When I first came to Los Angeles , an agent asked me what I wanted to do with my career . I said I wanted to be in a Kevin Smith movie . That has not changed . Please send me the script ; I would be honored to read it . " And I was , I was like cha-ching ! You know , my God , it worked out . CNN : You 're working with some professionals here , and by that I do n't mean Seth and Elizabeth . I mean working with actual people with porn experience . Smith : We got ourselves a former pro . ... Traci Lords , man . Who , for the last 20 years , has not made an adult film . Has been keeping that industry at arm 's length as she concentrates on a mainstream career and her musical career and stuff like that . But you know , it just seemed like if we 're going to make this movie , Traci Lords would just fit into it so well . We approached her agent , and her agent was like , I do n't know , it 's got "  porno " in the title , she ai n't going to want to do it . Then she heard that Seth was in it , and she heard that I was making it , and so she was like , well , I 'll at least read it . She came over to my house and read it . And I remember , I was sitting downstairs while she was upstairs reading it , and I was like , if I could go back in time and tell the 16-year-old version of me that Traci Lords is going to be hanging out in your living room ... my 16-year-old head would explode . First , the 16-year-old would be like , where 'd you get a time machine , and then the 16-year-old would be like , does she want to have sex with us , and then I 'd have to break it to the 16-year-old that , no , Traci Lords -- even many years from now -- -LSB- is -RSB- still not interested in your fat ass . So , she loved the material . ... Maybe it 's time to embrace it and make fun of it . I said yeah , please do it . Katie Morgan is still active in the adult film industry , and she brought a kind of a current vision to it . She was able to kind of tell me where to put the camera to make things look as convincing as possible . So I was like , wow , man , this chick who most people know from porn has taught me how to direct . So if the movie looks any better than my normal stuff , it 's probably because of Katie Morgan . iReport.com : Will you see ` Zach and Miri ' ? CNN : The title has created some challenges in terms of the marketing , that some newspapers are not taking ads for it and some buses and what have you . What do you make of that ? Smith : I think it 's strange that in this day and age , the 21st century , that people are hung up on a word , and the word is "  porno . " It 's not like we put salacious posters out there . ... The poster is literally stick figures . ... People are afraid like , what if my kid asks what porno is ? Just tell them . Tell your kid that the porno 's not for you . My kid asked me what a porno is , I 'm going to be like , guess what ? Hannah Montana is not in it . Not yet . Are you still interested ? Of course she 's not interested in it , because it has nothing to do with her world . So I just think its kind of sad that like some people lobby against it . Like , based on the dude who called in , or the many people that called in after the Dodgers ran a spot . ... Just tell your kid , man ; just be honest with them . It 's like , look , -LSB- the -RSB- movie 's not for you . ... It 's crazy to me , because it 's like , some people think that it 's real porn that 's being advertised . Can you tell me the last porno that you saw that had the word "  porno " in the title ? Like , it does n't exist . I do n't think it 's ever existed . CNN : I understand that you were able to convince the MPAA to give you an R rating . Did that require any cuts ? And if not , were you surprised ? Smith : Initially , I was kind of surprised that they gave us the NC-17 . Especially because the two areas they focused on were easily addressed : one ... they felt -LSB- was -RSB- gratuitous thrusting in the first porno sequence between Katie Morgan and Jason Mewes , and the other was what we 'll call the egregious bodily fluid shot . ... I was able to go to the appeals process with the film , where you show it to a different audience . ... -LSB- You -RSB- screen it for -LSB- theater owners -RSB- , and then you get up and do 15 minutes on why you feel it should be an R. Joan Graves -LSB- of -RSB- the MPAA gets up and does 15 minutes on why she feels it 's an NC-17 , then you get 10 minutes to rebut , she gets 10 minutes to rebut . You leave the room , and that audience makes the vote . ... You have to win by a two-thirds majority -LSB- to have the rating changed -RSB- . And they changed the rating . -LSB- The -RSB- appeals group that we screened for ... flipped it , gave us an R. And I did n't have to make a single cut , so everything I wanted in the movie is in the movie . That 's kind of cool as a filmmaker . CNN : Your own presidential debate . Smith : A little bit . ... It was kind of like "  Inherit the Wind , " but about porn , not the Scopes Monkey Trial .	Kevin Smith is a fan of being bluntly honest Writer-director ca n't understand why some words , profanity bother people New movie "  Zack and Miri Make a Porno " has rough language but sweet side
CNN  -- The Afghan Taliban has rejected U.S. allegations that the Haqqani terrorist network is supported by Pakistan , in an email CNN obtained Wednesday . "  Our bases are not in Pakistan nor do we reside outside of our country in insecure conditions , " the email sent to Afghan and Pakistani journalists said . "  All military and civilian activities in  Afghanistan  are our own initiatives and our own actions . " The response came less than a week after Chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen said that the Haqqani network , which has carried out a number of high-profile terror attacks in the Afghan capital Kabul and elsewhere , acted "  as a veritable arm of Pakistan 's intelligence . " Jalaluddin Haqqani , the founder of the militant group , "  only receives orders from their leader , Mullah Omar , " according to the Taliban email that also said the U.S. allegations are "  baseless . " Meanwhile , Pakistan continued to deny Mullen 's charges . "  Very few countries have been ravaged by the monster of terrorism as brutally as Pakistan , " Pakistani Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar said in an address this week to the U.N. General Assembly in New York . "  It is Pakistan 's firm determination not to allow any space on its territory for militants and terrorists . " Washington 's allegations have strained ties between the two countries , which have been in an uneasy alliance in the war against terror since 2001 . The relationship between Pakistani intelligence and the Haqqanis goes back to the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan when Pakistan , Saudi Arabia and the United States supported the mujahedeen resistance . Intelligence officials believe Pakistan still regards the Haqqanis as an important tool in countering Indian influence in Afghanistan and helping shape any future peace process in line with Islamabad 's priorities . With an estimated 10,000 to 15,000 fighters , the Haqqanis ' close relationship with both the Afghan and Pakistan Taliban makes them an important player in the region . Major General Athar Abbas , a spokesman for the Directorate of Inter-Services Intelligence , acknowledged the service has had contacts with the Haqqanis . "  Any intelligence agency would like to maintain contact with whatever opposition group , whatever terrorist organization ... for some positive outcome , " he told CNN in a telephone interview this month . However , those contacts do not mean that the ISI supports or endorses the organization , he added . Western counterterrorism officials believe that contrary to Pakistan 's assertions , the Haqqanis rely on Pakistani territory -- specifically North Waziristan and the Khurram agency -- to organize , resupply and raise funds . The Haqqanis are widely regarded as one of the most effective militant groups in Afghanistan . Western intelligence officials believe the Haqqanis were involved in the assassination this month of the Chairman of Afghanistan 's High Peace Council , Burhanuddin Rabbani , and an attack on the Intercontinental Hotel in Kabul in June . Rabbani himself alleged that the group that attacked the hotel had been in phone contact with people in the town of Miranshah in the Pakistani territory of North Waziristan , long regarded as a stronghold of the Haqqani network .	The United States says Pakistani intelligence supports the Haqqani terror network Pakistan says it has contacts with the Haqqani terrorist network , but no relationship The Afghan Taliban says Haqqani takes orders from it The United States and Pakistan has been in an uneasy alliance in the war against terror since 2001
CNN  -- CSKA Moscow will play its next home European Champions League match with part of its stadium closed as punishment for racism offenses . Manchester City complained its players had been subjected to "  monkey chants " during a match against CSKA at the Arena Khimki on October 23 . European football 's governing body UEFA announced the sanction on Wednesday , warning CSKA that further incidents of racism would results in graver punishments . "  The UEFA Control and Disciplinary Body has handed down sanctions to CSKA Moscow following incidents during their UEFA Champions League home game against Manchester City , " read a UEFA statement . "  Specifically , the Control and Disciplinary Body has decided to close sector D of the stadium during the club 's next UEFA competition home match . "  CSKA 's next home fixture is scheduled against Bayern Munich in the UEFA Champions League on 27 November in Moscow . "  The fight against racism is a high priority for UEFA ... All forms of racist behavior are considered serious offenses against the disciplinary regulations and are punished with the most severe sanctions . " City 's Ivorian midfielder Yaya Toure declared himself "  furious " in a post-match interview with the club 's TV channel , calling on UEFA to "  ban them  CSKA  for a couple of years . " Two former Premier League footballers were far from impressed with the sanction meted out to the Russian club , taking to Twitter to criticize the decision . "  Wow . Partial closure of stadium for 1 match for racist abuse for CSKA Moscow ! Those boys at UEFA are sooo tough ! " opined former Southampton player Matt Le Tissier , who now works as a football pundit . Another former player who has also gone into broadcasting - Stan Collymore - was similarly scathing . "  I 'm a racist . I 'm going to move to section E against Bayern ... more Uefa clownery , " wrote the former Nottingham Forest and Liverpool player . Nonetheless , UEFA regulations state that a first racism offense should be punished with a partial stadium closer , a second incident of discrimination would results in a full stadium closure for one match and a $ 50,000  $ 68,000  fine . Any club found guilty of racism a third time faces the prospect of multiple matches behind closed doors , the forfeiting of a match , deduction of points or expulsion from a competition .	UEFA punish CSKA Moscow for racism offenses The Russian club will play its next Champions League game with part of the stadium closed Racist abuse occurred during CSKA 's match against Manchester City on October 23
CNN  -- A judge on Saturday postponed the tax evasion court hearing of former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , who is serving a seven-year prison sentence following last year 's conviction of abuse of authority . Judge Konstantin Sadovsky postponed the hearing until May 21 , ruling that Tymoshenko could not be tried in absentia , the Ukrainian State News Agency reported . Tymoshenko did not attend the hearing because of "  massive back pain , " according to the news agency . The judge 's ruling follows reports that Tymoshenko was roughed up in prison . The two-time prime minister said Tuesday she was beaten unconscious in prison last week , but the prosecutor said his office investigated her claim and found no proof to substantiate her allegations . But EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said Tymoshenko 's claim had been confirmed by the Ukrainian Ombudsperson 's Office . Tymoshenko was "  subjected to physical violence during the transfer from her cell to a hospital on 20 April , " read a statement released Thursday by Ashton 's office Ashton called on Ukraine "  to examine promptly and impartially any complaints of torture or other forms of cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment , " according to the statement . Tymoshenko went on a hunger strike after the beating to draw attention to "  violence and lack of rights " in her country . Ashton 's statement said she is "  seriously concerned " about Tymoshenko 's hunger strike . She asked Ukraine to allow the EU ambassador and independent medical specialists to visit the former prime minister in prison . Tymoshenko said she was discussing with officials a transfer to a hospital for health reasons before the beating . In a statement , Tymoshenko said that after her cell mate left the cell , "  three sturdy men " entered , threw a bed sheet over her , dragged her off the bed and applied "  brutal force . " "  In pain and despair , I started to defend myself as I could and got a strong blow in my stomach through the bed sheet , " she said in a statement . Tymoshenko was dragged "  into the street , " she said . "  I thought these were the last minutes of my life . In unbearable pain and fear I started to cry and call out for help , but no help came . " She fell unconscious , and when she came to , she was in a hospital ward , she said . Last October , a Ukrainian court found Tymoshenko guilty of abuse of authority for signing overpriced gas contracts with Russia and sentenced her to the seven-year prison term . The prosecutor said the gas deals inflicted damages to the country amounting to more than 1.5 billion hryvnas  almost $ 190 million at the current exchange rate  . The court ruled she must repay the money . Amnesty International has slammed the verdict as "  politically motivated " and called for the release of Tymoshenko , who was prime minister from January to September 2005 and December 2007 to March 2010 . CNN 's Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva contributed to this report .	A judge has postponed a court hearing for Yulia Tymoshenko until May 21 Judge Konstantin Sadovsky ruled the former prime minister can not be tried in absentia Tymoshenko did not attend the hearing because of back pain , state media reported Tymoshenko is serving seven years in prison for abuse of authority
CNN  -- A South Korean fishing boat in the Sea of Japan and its seven crew members are being held by North Korea , according to reports in South Korea . North Korean state media is reporting that the crew was "  detained . " There are few details which have emerged from the incident ; but it comes amid mounting tensions following the March sinking of a South Korean warship . Forty-six sailors died , and South Korea blamed it on a North Korean submarine attack . The North calls the accusation "  a fabrication . " The incident comes after South Korea 's military carried out five days of military exercises in the Yellow Sea . The South Korean navy , army , air force and marines are practicing techniques for detecting and evading North Korean submarines and guided missiles , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency reported Saturday . The exercise involved 20 ships and 4,500 troops , according to Yonhap . North Korea said Friday it would "  react with strong physical retaliation to the anti-submarine drill to be staged by the group of traitors in the West Sea , " according to the official Korean Central News Agency . "  Our warnings are not empty rhetoric , " said Rodong Sinmun , the newspaper of the North 's ruling Workers ' Party , according to Yonhap .	Reports : North Korea has taken a South Korean fishing boat in Sea of Japan North Korea has "  detained " the ship with 7 crew members , state media reports The incident comes amid tensions over a South Korean warship sunk in March
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono held a commanding lead in national elections Wednesday , according to the latest exit polls . A woman votes at a polling station in Indonesia . An average of six exit polls showed the incumbent holding about 60 percent of the vote compared to 27 percent for former President Megawati Sukarnoputri and 12 percent for Yudhoyono 's vice president , Yusuf Kalla . Official results are expected no sooner than next week . Indonesia has 175 million registered voters spread over 17,000 islands . It was the country 's second direct election since the authoritarian regime of dictator Suharto fell in 1998 , in the wake of the Asian financial crisis . Analysts and polls , ahead of the vote , predicted Yudhoyono -- riding high on the country 's economic strength -- would win a second term . Watch as incumbent expected to win election " In 2004 , Yudhoyono defeated then-incumbent Megawati in a runoff election . Watch more on the election " Yudhoyono "  has positive global image ; relations with the American government have been the best in all the time that I have been here , the last 30 years , " said James Castle , who analyzes Indonesia 's politics and economy . "  He 's very popular in the foreign community and , to be honest , if he 's not re-elected , the markets will react negatively for a month or so . " Yudhoyono 's Democratic Party was the only single party to get enough votes in April 's legislative elections to nominate a candidate on its own . Kalla 's Golkar Party came in second and Megawati 's Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle , or PDI-P , placed third . Kalla and Megawati had to form coalitions with other parties to run for president . Kalla had hoped voters would give him some of the credit for Indonesia 's economic successes which occurred under his term as vice president . Kalla and Megawati had to form coalitions with other parties to run for president . See a photo slideshow of Indonesians talking about who they will vote for " Yudhoyono is known as "  Mr. Clean " because of his anti-corruption efforts . He has gained popularity for his handling of the 2004 tsunami recovery and the country 's battle against terrorism . Indonesia has had impressive economic growth over the past five years , though how much direct credit Yudhoyono can take for that is questionable . And despite Indonesia posting an average of 5.9 percent annual growth during his presidency , little of that has trickled down to the country 's poor . Yudhoyono 's opponents say he is too liberal , is too skewed toward the west , and does n't pay enough attention to the 40 million Indonesians living below the poverty line . Still , the country is exhibiting surprising resilience in the face of the global economic downturn . Growth topped 6 percent last year , and Indonesia was the fastest-growing economy in southeast Asia in the first quarter of this year . "  All off a sudden , everybody is contracting except for Indonesia , " Castle said . "  We 've had more visiting regional heads and so on in the last six months than we had in the last six years . "	NEW : Polls close ; Official results expected no sooner than next week Three familiar faces competed : current president , his deputy and an ex-president Analysts and polls have Yudhoyono  known as SBY  tipped to win a second term SBY is riding high on the country 's economic strength
CNN  -- In focus -- 'Em iratization ' The UAE , like the rest of the Gulf , does n't have a large indigenous labour force . Expats make up majority of the workforce . So , the government began a process called "  Emiratization . " In theory , its goal is to motivate locals to work , by creating jobs and training opportunities . But the UAE , like many of its neighbours , is a cash-rich nation . Citizens are entitled to a number of benefits , and few need to work . So , how does the government create skilled local workforce ? And why are women stepping up to drive the change ? Facetime with Ki-Seok Park , CEO , Samsung Engineering Traditionally , European , American and Japanese contractors have dominated the construction business in the Middle East . Now a new competitor is on the horizon -- South Korea . Samsung Engineering , founded in 1970 , was the first engineering company in South Korea . Over the next three years , it expects 80 percent of its revenues to come from the MENA region . This week MME sits down with the CEO , Ki-Seok Park about the potential in the Middle East and why South Korea is pushing so aggressively in the region . Watch the show this week at the times below : • Fridays 0915 , 1945 • Saturdays 0715 • Sundays 0115 , 545 , 0815  all times GMT	This week , the UAE government begins a process called "  Emiratization " Its goal is to motivate locals to work , by creating jobs and training opportunities Plus , Ki-Seok Park , Samsung Engineering 's CEO on South Korea 's potential in the region
CNN  -- On April 28 , 2003 , Apple threw open the virtual doors to its iTunes Store , and music -- all digital media , really -- has n't been the same since . Suddenly , an industry terrified of online piracy had a legitimate place to earn money from the sale of digital music . Listeners no longer had to drive to their neighborhood record store  remember those ?  to buy that new album by Norah Jones or 50 Cent . A song cost only 99 cents , a bargain next to an $ 18 CD . And iTunes-powered iPods , with their signature white earbuds , became a must-have mobile accessory . Not everyone was thrilled . Record labels grumbled at being strong-armed over song prices by Apple CEO Steve Jobs . Some musicians complained that they did n't earn enough royalties from digital-music sales . But by 2010 , iTunes was the largest music retailer on the planet . Today , it has 435 million registered users in 119 countries and recently served up its 25 billionth song , downloaded by a man in Germany . iTunes also now sells much more than music : Customers can download movies , TV shows , games , books , podcasts and more . In recent months , Apple 's retail juggernaut has shown signs of weakness . Recent figures show that its growth may finally be slowing down . And services such as Pandora , Spotify , Rdio and others , which allow users to stream songs for free or a modest monthly fee , are supplanting iTunes among many young listeners . But its arrival 10 years ago this week was a sea change for anyone who makes , distributes or enjoys listening to music . CNNMoney : The Evolution of iTunes Here 's a look at some ways iTunes changed music , and us : It celebrated the song , not the album Thanks to iTunes , all of a sudden , you did n't have to buy that Chumbawamba record to get "  Tubthumping "  the "  I get knocked down " song  . You could cherry-pick whatever songs you wanted instead of paying extra for the filler on an album or -- heaven forbid -- for a CD single . And sure enough , sales of songs far outpace sales of whole albums on iTunes . One downside of this is that artists have less incentive to make thematic concept albums . It 's hard to envision what the impact of "  Sgt. Pepper " or "  OK Computer " might have been in the iTunes era . It rewarded impatience Here 's the way it used to work : You 'd hear a song on the radio . You 'd have to figure out what it was  a challenge in the days before Shazam  . You 'd drive to a mall . You 'd search for the record . You 'd buy the record -- if it was in stock . You 'd put it in your CD player or on your turntable . Finally , you 'd get to listen . Now : Hear song , download song . Instant gratification . If the Internet has made the world 's knowledge accessible to almost anybody with a computer , iTunes has done the same with music . According to Apple , the iTunes store now stocks more than 26 million songs , many of which are n't about Taylor Swift 's ex-boyfriends . Now , whether it 's Javanese gamelan music or 13th-century Christmas tunes , it 's all at our fingertips -- and we can sample it immediately . Kids , you 've got no excuse . It killed the mixtape Ahh , those lovingly made aural valentines , filled with oh-so-cool jams sure to impress your romantic interest or hipster friend . So fun to make , not always so fun to receive . Sound quality ? Eh , it 's good enough Throughout the history of recorded music , the idea was usually to improve sound quality . As music went from scratchy cylinders to 78s to LPs to CDs , there was usually a corresponding leap in audio excellence . But the digital formats available from iTunes , which compress audio files to make them easier to download , are a step down from CD quality . And you know what ? Outside of audiophiles , nobody cares . The iTunes Store and its digital brethren have helped clear the way for the "  good enough " society . Those smartphone photos ? Not as good as a digital camera 's but good enough . That netbook ? Not as powerful as a laptop but good enough . Convenience almost always wins . As Wired 's Robert Capps wrote , "  Having it here and now is more important than having it perfect . " It killed album art This week , Storm Thorgerson died . You probably do n't know his name , but you know his work : Thorgerson was a graphic artist who designed album covers for Pink Floyd , Led Zeppelin and 10cc , among many others . You may also have seen Thorgerson 's shrunken covers on iTunes , where they have no more heft than an app icon . The song is the thing in the iTunes world , and that means there 's less importance for the kind of artwork Thorgerson did -- which , in its 12-by-12-inch LP album cover form , was sometimes more impressive than the music it housed . Yes , iTunes offers booklets , images , videos and movies , but you ca n't frame those and hang them on a dorm room wall ... or use them to spread out , uh , study accessories . It made apps mainstream Until July 2008 , apps were just something you ate before the main course . Then came the App Store , a specialty shop inside the larger iTunes department store , and Apple 's iconic "  There 's an app for that " campaign . Soon , every early adopter was waving around their iPhone , boasting about all the apps they 'd loaded onto it and slinging virtual birds at virtual pigs . The iPad only accelerated this trend . In January , Apple announced that more than 40 billion apps had been downloaded from its online store . ` All Together Now ' A small minority of artists have refused to sell their music on iTunes . But one group in particular was unmoved by the move to digital downloads : the Beatles . Thanks to legal disputes and sonic concerns , for more than seven years , the Fab Four  and their many representatives  resisted calls to transfer their prized catalog to iTunes , leaving music fans stuck with their old-fashioned CDs , LPs and reel-to-reel tapes . That finally changed in 2010 , when the Beatles ' Apple Corps joined with Apple 's core music distribution product .  Yes , the use of the name "  Apple " was another part of the dispute .  Since then , the two have "  Come Together " to the benefit of both . In the first week of availability , iTunes sold 450,000 Beatles albums and more than 2 million Beatles songs . ` Curse you , iTunes !!!!!!!! ' Despite its hundreds of millions of users , iTunes has its critics . It 's become one of the most unpopular programs Apple offers . It 's slow to load , it 's a memory hog , and it likes to update seemingly every day . "  Wo n't someone take iTunes out back and shoot it ? " Slate 's Farhad Manjoo asked in an article as iTunes 11 was released . "  Each new upgrade brings more suckage into your computer . " Apple fanboys wait excitedly for most new Apple products . But for iTunes ? Not so much . And then there 's this : Legally , you do n't own the songs you download on iTunes ; you simply own the right to play them on your devices . So it might be a good idea to hang on to those old LPs and CDs -- and leave your passwords in your will .	Apple 's iTunes Store launched April 28 , 2003 By 2010 , iTunes was the largest music retailer on the planet Despite some gripes , iTunes was a perfect fit for our instant-gratification culture Services such as Pandora and Spotify are supplanting iTunes among young listeners
OPRAH.com  -- Rudeness is n't contagious -- but we all may be carrying the virus . Has rudeness become a chronic condition ? I was in the Amtrak Quiet Car last weekend . The "  Quiet Car , " as the conductor pithily put it , means , "  No cell phones , no fun ! " Twenty minutes into our blissfully silent journey , this woman behind me makes a call . She was speaking in French , and I sort of wanted to use her transgression as a way to test what 's left of my French skills . But the most primal part of me wanted to grab her phone , just as Kanye West snatched Taylor Swift 's mic ; I wanted to threaten to shove it down her throat , just as Serena Williams threatened the line judge with a tennis ball ; and I wanted to yell j' accuse ! in the same Southern cadence of Joe Wilson 's bug-eyed , "  You lie ! " However , self-control prevailed , so I shot Madame a very pointed stare . Kanye 's interruption , Serena 's threat , Joe 's outburst , Madame  not so  Quiet Car : Does America need a time-out ? Is rudeness on the rise ? Oprah.com : 3 rules of civil behavior Not exaaaactly . I 'd say our capacity for incivility is the same as ever , but what is on the rise is our ability to express and bear witness to rudeness . I 'm not the first to point out that Twitter , Facebook , YouTube , talk radio -- all of these give us ways to behave rudely with immediacy , scope and , often , anonymity . We have more means at our fingertips to react without delay : We can tweet , text , phone or e-mail our nastiness , unfiltered . Our outlets for rudeness are on the rise , but so is our consciousness of it -- and that 's not a bad thing . Oprah.com : Is there such thing as too much communication ? That ubiquitous technology that enables us to be so rude , so quickly and thoroughly , also allows us to broadcast people 's bad behavior .  Thanks , TMZ !  The boorishness of Kanye , Serena and Joe was immediately disseminated , deconstructed and debated . The public has shamed and judged them . Each issued apologies .  Although U.S. Rep. Wilson seems to spell his : "  I 'M $ $ $ ORRY . " But I think if our best answer to rudeness is self-righteousness , we 're missing something . That question -- "  is rudeness on the rise ? " -- implicitly suggests that we might be in the throes of an epidemic , that rudeness is contagious . Such a diagnosis implies we 're not rude until we "  catch " rudeness from someone else . You ca n't help catching a cold right ? And if someone 's rude to you , you ca n't help being rude back , right ? Wrong . This notion of contagious rudeness absolves us of responsibility . I think of it more as a latent virus we all carry . Gross , I know , but helpful ... and hopeful . You know how when you feel stressed , or run-down , or Bart in HR forgets to sneeze into his elbow , you "  happen " to get sick -- because you 're in an environment that activates a virus ? I think it 's the same with rudeness : It 's this little beast inside us that just trolls about , waiting for its opportunity . And when someone is rude to us , that beastie lunges out of us -- if we let it . What this acknowledgment of our inner rude beastie does is create a little compassion , a little space , a little "  there but for the grace of God go I " when we encounter the rudeness of others . Oprah.com : What to do when a stranger attacks Like any kind of chronic condition , we have to stay on top of it . If only there were a rudeness alert system so we could be prepared . You know , like the UV Index or the Air Quality Alert -- Al Roker could tell you , "  There 's a cold effrontery hitting your neck of the woods ! " Alas , we have stay on top of our own latent rudeness . If we own it , watch it , then we can take some spiritual vitamin C to keep it dormant . We can carry with us emotional Purell so we 're not at the mercy of others ' bad behavior . Remember Quiet Car Lady ? Well , a gentleman pointed to a sign that read "  QUIET CAR . NO CELL PHONES . " This was more productive than my passive-aggressive stare . Madame ended her call  something about Michel going to le plage and la plume de ma tante ? I really have to bone up on my French ...  and immediately said : "  No cell phone ? I 'm sorry ... I did not know . " Pop ! My self-righteous bubble burst . I was so glad I had n't been ruder , more imperious . She was human ; she was sorry . The other day , I was invited to visit a K -- 8 school in Harlem . Purell dispensers dotted the hallway walls . This school was taking precautions against getting sick . But a sign of even more robust health ? Every single kid I passed stopped , introduced him or herself , and shook my hand . In their classrooms , they stood up before talking to me . Some seventh-grade boys in "  Conflict Resolution " class explained to me how when they get upset , they check their "  anger barometer . " While this made me feel very , very old , it also filled me with hope . Seems like they 're doing some hand and heart sanitizing . Faith Salie is a writer , actor , and humorist who contributes to O , The Oprah Magazine 's ethics column . She is a television commentator and a former public radio host . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Faith Salie : Rudeness is latent virus in American waiting to erupt Examples : Kanye 's interruption , Serena 's threat , Rep. Joe Wilson 's outburst Ubiquitous technology enables us to be so rude quickly and thoroughly But possibility our rudeness may be disseminated , may keep us in line
Washington  CNN  -- In many ways , the debate over taming the nation 's spending and deficit beasts can be compared to a family 's hand-wringing over what to cut , and what to keep , in tough times . It may be easy to nix "  luxuries " like vacations and eating out . But should "  essentials " like a car or a home be downsized or gotten rid of to save money ? Tough choices about what to keep , kill or cut back on are the kinds of things the nation 's lawmakers are considering as they try to trim a $ 14 trillion debt . Should familiar yet costly "  essentials " -- entitlements like Medicare , the nation 's health insurance program for seniors , and Medicaid , which provides health insurance for the nation 's poor -- be phased out or dramatically overhauled ? House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan laid out the Republican plan last week . It would radically overhaul Medicare and Medicaid while lowering top tax rates . President Obama on Wednesday laid out his plan for long-term deficit reduction , renewing his call for ending the Bush-era tax cuts for families making more than $ 250,000 while strengthening Medicare and Medicaid . The Tea Party 's mantra to "  stop the spending " largely refocused the national conversation on spending . Is it willing to see entitlement programs fundamentally changed ? Levi Russell , a spokesman for the Tea Party Express , says one way to reduce spending is to cut waste , overlap and excess in government programs . And yet Russell also partially endorsed Ryan 's plan , which would dismantle the current Medicare program starting in 2022 in favor or a voucher program , though it would not affect anyone who 's 55 or older now . " -LSB- The Ryan plan -RSB- addresses the fact that people who have paid their whole lives , that you do n't want to put them into a hardship , through no fault of their own , " Russell said . "  At the same time , we need to make changes to the plan , for people who are younger . " "  Medicaid is something we talk about like it 's a God-given right , when it 's only been around since the 1960s . It 's a program that we phased in . We can easily start to phase it out , " he said . FreedomWorks , another prominent Tea Party group , echoed similar sentiments . Adam Brandon , a spokesman , told CNN , "  The first thing you have to do is roll back entitlements you ca n't afford . Second is moving them towards solvency . One of the best ways to do that -- especially for younger workers -- is through some kind of voluntary personal accounts . " And yet , Brandon acknowledged that his and other Tea Party support organizations would have a tough time selling such ideas to everyday Americans . "  It 's part of our job to get out there and to educate and make sure that voters have a choice and understand what we 're talking about , " Brandon said . "  We 're not talking about throwing Grandma out on the street . What we are talking about doing is making hard , difficult decisions that are going to get the country , the fiscal house in order . " A fresh CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll , released Wednesday , shows how steep the hill may be . The poll finds that while Americans are nearly evenly split on whether Republican proposals to cut spending go too far , only three in 10 think the GOP budget treats all groups in society fairly , while seven in 10 believe that Republican proposals favor some groups over others . Meanwhile , FreedomWorks advocates going beyond radically reforming familiar entitlement programs and calls for the elimination of some very familiar government functions . Specifically naming the departments of Housing and Urban Development , Education , Commerce , Agriculture and Energy , Brandon said , "  I think you could pretty much do away with the entire departments ... just eliminate them . " Norm Ornstein , a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute , does n't think that will happen . "  I do n't think you 're going to find much appetite for that , " he said . Ornstein also criticized calls for dramatic overhauls of Medicaid and Medicare , especially as seen in the Ryan plan . "  You 're really talking about ... shifting the cost of health care from where seniors pay about 30 % to where they pay closer to 70 % , " he said . "  My guess is , at best , you 're going to get a mixed reaction from that group to this set of proposals . " Though Ornstein feels that now is a good time to discuss the nation 's debt problem , he equated lawmaker support for Ryan 's plan to "  falling on a grenade . " It "  does n't take a dime from Defense , or takes very little from Defense . And cuts taxes for the wealthy and for companies , even as it takes a lot out of Medicare and Medicaid . So it becomes a question of whether this is seen as fair , " Ornstein said . As many lawmakers frame the debate around protecting future generations , one noted historian says it 's worthwhile to look at the past . "  Cutting and balancing budgets is never really , in the end , that big of history stuff , " Rice University professor of history Douglas Brinkley told CNN . "  If I asked you , ` What did -LSB- President -RSB- Grover Cleveland do with his budget ? What did -LSB- President -RSB- Benjamin Harrison do with his budget ? What was -LSB- President -RSB- Taft 's budget ? ' -- you would n't know . Because 100 years from now , people wo n't think about budget fights so much . But they 're going to know , 100 years from now , that America pushed through civil rights acts in '64 and ' 65 , America created Medicaid and Medicare ... NASA sent a man to the moon . Big stuff that happens in history is being done by the federal government , not by people just carping about it all the time . " Brinkley continued : "  This sort of gutting mentality that the Tea Party has , a kind of visceral hatred of the federal government , it comes out of a lack of historical understanding and appreciation . " Calling Medicaid and Medicare "  wildly successful programs , " Brinkley said that the Republican Party has been trying roll them back for decades . "  I think if they 're given a magic wand , they would melt them away . " And Brinkley had a warning and prediction . "  Not just Congressman Ryan , but if the main Republican candidate for president said he wants to shut down Medicaid and Medicare , if that happened , welcome to the second Obama term . "	Lawmakers consider what to keep , kill or cut back on as they try to trim a $ 14 trillion debt GOP plan would radically overhaul Medicare and Medicaid while lowering top tax rates President Obama wants to end Bush-era tax cuts , strengthen Medicare and Medicaid Tea Party Express spokesman wants to cut waste , overlap and excess in government programs
CNN  -- Sometimes a single moment in time captures the essence of an individual . That became clear to me in late June 1995 . We were at the end of a grueling three days in Alabama interviewing George Wallace , the state 's former segregationist governor and nemesis of President Kennedy , for John 's maiden interview in his new magazine , George . The enfeebled governor was barely coherent during the 10 hours we sat with him , and we were panicked there would be a gaping hole in our inaugural issue . Worse , John himself was sick with a thyroid condition that left him lethargic , cranky and frighteningly thin . Adding to the anxiety of the moment , he was carrying around an engagement ring in the hope his girlfriend , Carolyn , would accept when he proposed to her that weekend . Imagine our appreciation when two amiable Alabamans with close ties to the governor offered us a quiet dinner at a roadside restaurant . But as we approached the restaurant , I suddenly noticed there were perhaps a hundred cars parked alongside the road -- the restaurant parking lot itself was overflowing . I looked over at John , and he at me , and we both realized in that same instant : we 'd been played . This would be no quiet dinner for four , but the show-and-tell of an American icon . "  I 'm not doing it , " he said to me angrily as we sat in the back of the car , mulling our options . "  I 'm going back to the hotel . " But one thing John had in more abundance than anyone I knew was grace . And he would n't let down the 200 or so people who had gathered in the restaurant or embarrass our hosts , who had covertly planned this minirally . So John put on his tie , set aside his fury and gamely walked across the dirt driveway and gave himself up to the adoring crowd . For the next two hours , as only John could , he charmed everyone , signing dozens of pictures of his father , standing for dozens more and patiently listening to the endless stories people related of their ties to his extended family . What I realized that night , and what has stayed with me these past 15 years since his passing , is this : No one of my generation was born with more privilege or promise than John , yet no one wore it more comfortably . When we walked out of the restaurant , John smiled at me and without the slightest irony said , "  That was really fun . " And he meant it . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	John F. Kennedy Jr. died in a plane crash 15 years ago this week Gary Ginsberg , who was with Kennedy at George magazine , recalls a telling moment After an interview with George Wallace , Kennedy and Ginsberg were invited for a dinner Ginsberg : The way Kennedy reacted to surprise turnout showed how he dealt with fame
Washington  CNN  Israeli officials are looking at changing Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's plans to address a joint meeting of Congress , including potentially relocating the speech , according to an Israeli source . The debate follows mounting criticism of Netanyahu 's move to use the high profile address to criticize President Barack Obama 's policy on Iran . While a range of ideas are being discussed there is no final decision yet , the Israeli source stressed . An official in Prime Minister Netanyahu 's office insists "  at this moment " the speech is still on , suggesting the Israelis were leaving themselves some wiggle room . "  In recent days the Prime Minister has received a number of inquiries about his visit to the US . At this moment there is no change to the plans , " this official told CNN . House Speaker John Boehner invited Netanyahu last month to speak in the House chamber , but did not consult with the White House before officially reaching out to the Israeli leader . The speech is slated for March 3 but many congressional Democrats have urged the Israeli leader to reconsider delivering the speech , and have also asked the Speaker to shift the date . They argue the timing -- two weeks before the election in Israel -- is inappropriate . But Democrats ' larger issue with the speech is it gives Netanyahu a broad public platform for his strong criticism of the Obama Administration 's negotiations with Iran . They worry that the Israeli leader 's message could jeopardize the international talks over Iran 's nuclear program , which are approaching a critical deadline . A move to shift the speech to a venue outside the Capitol , or deliver the speech in a closed chamber could be a face saving compromise for Netanyahu . He could still deliver his sharp message on Iran , but also repair the damage he 's done to his relationship with Democrats on the Hill , who are angry their allegiance to a key ally is being questioned . Ron Dermer , the Israeli Ambassador to the U.S. made the rounds last week on Capitol Hill , meeting with frustrated House Democrats , including some Jewish members , who lashed out at his handling of the matter . Dermer met with Rep. Eliot Engel of New York , the top Democrat on the House Foreign Relations Committee . He also met with others including Rep. Steve Israel , D-New York , Rep. Jan Schakowsky , D-Illinois , Rep. Sander Levin , D-Michigan , Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , D-Florida , Rep. Nita Lowey , D-New York . While affirming their support for Israel , these members urged Netanyahu to reconsider coming to the House floor , and suggested moving the speech to another venue -- anywhere in Washington outside the chamber , according to one source familiar with these discussions . An Israeli source says they are looking at the possibility of Netanyahu speaking somewhere else , or in a closed session on the House floor . In exchange for the shift , Netanyahu would potentially add a meeting with top congressional leaders to his schedule . They also hope to have a meeting with White House officials in which the President could drop by , though there 's little evidence the administration is interested in making such a deal . One senior House Republican leadership aide tells CNN the Speaker 's office is moving forward with plans for Netanyahu 's visit . Obama acknowledged his "  very real difference " with Netanyahu over Iran at a joint press conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday . He also reiterated his position that he did n't support a public address so close to the Israeli election . "  We have a practice of not meeting with leaders right before their elections , two weeks before their elections . As much as I love Angela , if she was two weeks away from an election , she probably would not have received an invitation to the White House , and I suspect she would n't have asked for one , " Obama said . On Friday , Vice President Joe Biden 's office announced he would not attend the speech because he will be traveling abroad . When foreign leaders are invited to address the House and Senate , the Vice President typically attends speeches and sits on the dais behind the leader - a public image beamed around the world . Biden 's office did not release any details of his trip but said it had been in the works for a while . "  As we have consistently said , this is an event that was coordinated between the Israelis and Speaker Boehner . We are not playing a role in this event , " a senior Obama Administration official told CNN . Last week , House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said she hoped that Netanyahu 's speech would be cancelled . While Pelosi conceded that she had no reason from her discussions with Israeli officials to think that the speech that Netanyahu would withdraw from the invitation , she strongly suggested circumstances could change . "  You never know , things happen in people 's schedules , " Pelosi said . Asked if she planned to attend the joint meeting , Pelosi said , "  as of now it is my intention to go . " But other House Democrats , including several members of the Congressional Black Caucus , say they will boycott the speech if it goes ahead as scheduled . Netanyahu 's Likud party is in a close election race with the center-left opposition led by Labor Party chairman Isaac Herzog and former justice minister Tzipi Livni , who leads a small centrist party . Both Herzog and Livni , who have teamed up to form an alliance in the election , have criticized Netanyahu 's decision to address Congress and have urged him to cancel it . Netanyahu has campaigned on a tough-against-Iran platform and has been accused of using the speech as a way to play up those credentials with voters . On Sunday , he addressed French-speaking members of his Likud party , doubling down on the decision to address Congress on March 3 , saying "  I will go any place I 'm invited to convey the Israeli position against those who want to kill us " . But there are signs the controversy is impacting Netanyahu 's standing in the polls , with the Israeli media and public voicing concern that Netanyahu is contributing to further strains between Israel and the United States , its closest ally . An Israel Army Radio poll on Monday said only 34 % of Israelis think Netanyahu should go ahead with the address , while 47 % think he should cancel . Another poll published by the Times of Israel on Monday showed Netanyahu 's party four seats in the Knesset behind Herzog and Livni 's Zionist Camp alliance . CNN 's Jim Acosta contributed to this report	Netanyahu scheduled to address Congress March 3 Speech has stirred controversy among Democrats
CNN  -- The woman who accused Herman Cain of groping her after a 1997 dinner says the Republican presidential candidate is "  still in denial " about his conduct . Sharon Bialek is the first woman to publicly accuse Cain of sexual harassment after last week 's disclosure that the National Restaurant Association -- which Cain led in the late 1990s -- made payments to two other women who complained about his conduct . Cain has vehemently denied any allegation of misconduct . Bialek told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " that she came forward Monday "  for the other women who could n't or would n't . " "  I really hope that what I did will enable other women to come forward in similar situations , " Bialek said . "  Unfortunately for Herman , he 's still in denial . " Bialek told reporters Monday that she sought Cain 's help finding a job after being laid off from the trade association 's education foundation in 1997 . She said Cain suggested meeting over dinner , then tried to reach up her skirt after the meal -- and when she protested , he told her , "  You want a job , right ? " Read more about Bialek 's allegation Her attorney , Gloria Allred , told CNN her client described Cain 's behavior at the time to her then-boyfriend and a longtime mentor , and both have given sworn statements supporting her account . Allred said her client is a registered Republican . And Bialek said she expects to face public scrutiny following her accusations . "  I know that in the next two days is when everything is going to hit the fan , so to speak , and I 'm prepared for it , " she said . She added , "  I 'm willing to handle it . I 'm a tough girl . "	Sharon Bialek appeared on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " She says she 's speaking out for "  other women who could n't or would n't " Cain has denied any allegation of sexual harassment
Editor 's note : CNN agreed not to use the full names of the family members in this article due to concern for their safety . Youssif , now in an apartment in Los Angeles , will need months of treatment . LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Youssif , the 5-year-old Iraqi boy who was savagely burned by masked men , arrived in the United States late Tuesday with his family -- the first step toward his lengthy rehabilitation . For a family whose lives were tortured by the random and brutal violence of Iraq , the sheer magnitude of stepping onto American soil was surreal . His parents were rendered speechless . Quite simply they grinned from ear to ear . They did n't need to speak . The joy on their faces was palpable . They had traveled more than 7,500 miles to get help for their son , from war-torn central Baghdad to coastal Los Angeles . It marked the first time the family had ever left their homeland , let alone flown on a plane . "  Oh my God , it 's so green . Am I in heaven ? " Youssif 's mother , Zainab , said after arriving in Chicago before the family flew on to Los Angeles where Youssif will be treated . "  I feel like I 'm in a dream , " said his father , whom CNN has agreed not to name . "  Someone needs to pinch me . " Watch Youssif 's doctor 's prognosis for the burned boy " The family left Amman , Jordan , early Tuesday en route to the United States . The night before they departed , Youssif did n't sleep a wink . He woke the family up extra early , shouting , "  Let 's go ! Let 's go ! " Youssif , his parents and his infant sister , Ayaa , finished their 24-hour journey in Los Angeles around 11 p.m. PT Tuesday . They were greeted by members of the Children 's Burn Foundation , the nonprofit organization that paid for the family 's travel and is covering all of Youssif 's medical bills . Youssif playfully fought with his father over the luggage cart in Los Angeles International Airport . "  I want to push it . I want to push it , " he said gleefully . The family was then whisked away to the two-bedroom , two-bath apartment where they will be staying during Youssif 's treatment . It 's a stark contrast to their humble one-room home in a rundown central Baghdad neighborhood rife with violence . There was a television , toys everywhere , and a balcony . A crib sat in the kids ' bedroom and the kitchen even had a high-chair so that Youssif 's sister would be able to eat with them at the table . For the first time in a long time , the family laughed out of pure joy . See Youssif play with his new toys " When Youssif walked into the new home , he glanced at the plush wall-to-wall carpet and ordered everyone to take their shoes off . Do n't get it dirty , he said . His mother opened a door in the master bedroom and marveled at the walk-in closet . "  Is this a bedroom ? It ca n't be a closet , " she said . Standing on the apartment 's balcony , Youssif 's father turned to Barbara Friedman , executive director of the Children 's Burn Foundation . "  You see America on television , but you never imagine or dream that you will ever be here . " He paused , tears in his eyes . "  It 's more than paradise . " This is the same father who walked the streets of Baghdad seeking help for his boy . He went to the Health Ministry and even wrote letters to the Iraqi parliament and the prime minister 's office for help . No one would listen . Desperate , he turned to CNN . "  Look at what these monsters did to my boy , " he said . Watch how Youssif was transformed from a smiling boy to a disfigured victim CNN and CNN.com first reported his story on August 22 after the family risked their lives to tell his story : On January 15 , masked men grabbed Youssif outside his home , doused him with gas and set him on fire . The story prompted an outpouring of support to get help for Youssif . More than 12,000 CNN.com users have contributed to a fund set up by the Children 's Burn Foundation . In recent weeks , the foundation worked feverishly with the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad to secure the necessary paperwork for the family 's travel to the United States -- something that typically takes months , if not years , to do . Youssif and his family are expected to be in the United States for six months to a year while he undergoes multiple surgeries and extensive rehabilitation . They are to meet with Dr. Peter Grossman , the plastic surgeon who will perform the operations , Wednesday afternoon . Grossman works for the nearby Grossman Burn Center and is donating his services to Youssif 's cause . On this day , the family was simply ecstatic to have finally made it here . They arrived on September 11 -- the date the United States will always remember as a day of unspeakable horror . But for this family , 9/11 will always mean something much different : Hope and a better future for their son -- and a newfound love for America . "  This is a moment that will stay with us forever , " Youssif 's dad said . Friedman smiled broadly and said , "  For us too . " E-mail to a friend	Iraqi boy who was set on fire by masked men arrives for treatment 12,000 CNN readers contributed to fund to help 5-year-old Youssif Boy 's mom asks , "  Am I in heaven ? " Youssif is to meet with surgeon later Wednesday
New York  CNN  -- A 13th-century painting that was up for auction by Sotheby 's is now in the hands of the U.S. government after it was determined to have allegedly been stolen from a safe deposit box in Switzerland in 1986 , according to court documents . Sotheby 's listed "  Madonna and Child , " an oil-on-panel painting , for sale in January and estimated the painting would bring between $ 600,000 and $ 800,000 , according to Sotheby 's spokesperson Dan Abernethy . Shortly after the listing , Sotheby 's performed its regular background check on the piece and discovered that it was in a database of stolen art , according to a Sotheby 's statement to CNN Wednesday . Sotheby 's says it "  immediately and voluntarily " removed the painting from auction and has "  cooperated fully with the investigation . " The painting is described as being on an engraved background , decorated with gold , dating from about 1285 to 1290 . Sotheby 's had described it as sharing "  an affinity with models by Duccio di Buoninsegna "  a painter of that time from the Tuscan city of Siena  but concluded that it was more likely the work of a Florentine painter influenced by Cimabue  a pioneer in the post-Byzantine style who was a contemporary of Duccio  , according to documents cited in a forfeiture complaint filed this week in the Manhattan U.S. attorney 's office . The artwork is primarily referred to as the "  Duccio painting " in the complaint . In 1977 , according to the complaint , the painting , which at the time was jointly owned by a man and a woman , was deposited in a safe deposit box in Geneva , Switzerland . The woman died in 1980 and her heirs designated another man to represent their interests in the painting . In 1986 , the two men moved the painting to a new safety deposit box in another bank branch , according to the complaint . Soon after , one of the co-owners gave a percentage of his ownership to two other men . Those two reported that the co-owner had again moved the artwork , but they did not know the whereabouts of the painting or the co-owner , according to the complaint . An Interpol investigation began in 1991 , but the painting was never found until it turned up listed on Sotheby 's for auction earlier this year , according to the complaint . Sotheby 's would not respond to CNN for comment on how the auction house obtained the artwork . Anyone who claims to have any rights to the painting must appear and show reasons to establish the claim , according to the federal complaint . CNN was unable to contact any parties who once had ownership . No charges have been filed in the alleged theft .	"  Madonna and Child " was listed for auction in January by Sotheby 's Sotheby 's , after investigating the artwork , pulled the listing It was reported missing nearly 30 years ago , after a co-owner moved it An Interpol investigation began in 1991 , but painting remained missing until this year
President Barack Obama joined the call for calm with word a Missouri grand jury considering whether to indict Officer Darren Wilson in the death of Michael Brown was close to making a decision . "  This is a country that allows everybody to express their views . Allows them to peacefully assemble , to protest actions that they think are unjust , " the President told ABC News in an interview excerpt broadcast on Friday . "  But using any event as an excuse for violence is contrary to rule of law and contrary to who we are . " The President 's comments came as the grand jury considers whether to bring charges against Wilson , who is in the final stages of negotiations with Ferguson city officials to resign , sources close to the talks told CNN . Wilson has maintained he 's done nothing wrong , and the resignation talks have hinged on whether he is indicted , the sources said . While Wilson has told associates he would resign to help ease pressure and protect his fellow officers , he has expressed concern about resigning while the grand jury was still hearing evidence for fear it would appear he was admitting fault . What charges could Officer Wilson face ? The talks could still collapse , the sources close to the talks said . Wilson does n't know what the grand jury will do and , if they opt to charge him , he could change his mind . Wilson , who has six years on the force with no disciplinary issues on his record , is currently on paid administrative leave . If he returns to duty , he will have to undergo two psychological evaluations , authorities have said . What is known , what is not The basic facts of the case -- Wilson , a white police officer , fatally shot Brown , a black 18-year-old who was unarmed , on August 9 -- are not in dispute . Most everything else about the case is , leading to emotionally and racially charged divisions about what should happen next . The officer 's supporters have claimed Wilson fired only in self-defense , pointing to witness testimony and leaked grand jury documents that suggest Brown might have attacked Wilson , struggled for his gun and perhaps charged the officer moments later . Brown 's backers have been likewise adamant in blaming Wilson , claiming the officer shot a young man who , according to some accounts , was holding up his hands in surrender . This dispute as to what happened at that crucial moment , the handing of the investigation from the outset and the fact that charges were not brought against Wilson sparked days of protests on the streets of Ferguson . The ensuing police response , which many have called heavy-handed , and the violence , property damage and looting of some during the protests only deepened the sense of mistrust . Dueling narratives in Brown shooting : Who says what Police : 3 more arrested in Ferguson Once the grand jury decision is made , prosecutors are expected to provide law enforcement with 48 hours notice before making a public announcement . The current plans could still change and prosecutors could shift the planned grand jury session . Meanwhile , authorities are on guard for a repeat of large-scale demonstrations and possibly violence -- as happened in the days after the shooting , when heavily armed police came face to face with angry protesters . A number of business owner boarded their doors and windows . Some people made plans to stay indoors this weekend . Others made plans to take to the streets to protest . "  I hope something really good comes out of all of this . Otherwise , he would have died in vain , " said Stoney Shaw , pastor at First Baptist Church Ferguson , referring to Brown . The tension was not visible , but palpable , in the words of Ferguson residents . Barber shop owner Marty Buchheit said he was seeing half as many clients these days . "  I 'm just waiting until this thing airs out and I see what I got left , " he said . Demonstrations , as well as sporadic arrests , have continued for weeks , including some on Thursday night . According to St. Louis County police spokesman Brian Schellman , "  several vocal and defiant protesters " shut down one lane of traffic in Ferguson and chased after some cars on foot . Some of those protesters left the street at officers ' request , only to return to block traffic once again , he said . Eventually , after announcements to get off the street , a "  skirmish line of officers " moved in and arrested three people who remained , Schellman said . One of them was pepper-sprayed after pushing an officer , according to the police spokesman . Precautions and plans The prospect of more disputes and violence after the grand jury ruling is announced spurred officials and citizens to take precautions . The school district for Jennings , Missouri -- which neighbors Ferguson -- has canceled classes for Monday and Tuesday of next week , according to its Facebook page . School district officials did not immediately return to CNN 's calls for comment on why classes were canceled . On Tuesday , Gov. Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency . And , along Ferguson 's West Florissant Avenue -- ground zero for violent protests -- businesses put back the plywood boards they had taken down from their windows and doors . The FBI has sent dozens of extra personnel , including FBI police officers , mostly to guard their offices around the St. Louis area and boost personnel , a law enforcement official said . Additionally a separate law enforcement official said the ATF has sent in extra personnel including SWAT team members . St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said his officers are ready for whatever happens . "  We 've had three months to prepare . ... Acts of violence will not be tolerated , " he said . "  Our intelligence is good . Our tactics are good . We can protect lawful people and at the same time arrest criminals . " There are concerns that communities well beyond Ferguson could see unrest after the grand jury 's decision comes down . Brown 's father calls for calm ahead of decision The Ferguson National Response Network has set up a Tumblr account advertising about 70 "  planned responses " to the ruling . They will take place from West Palm Beach , Florida , to New York , Chicago and Los Angeles . In a video message released Friday , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced new guidelines for "  law enforcement about how to approach maintaining order during First Amendment-protected events . " Holder spoke about the duty of law enforcement to protect the public , while urging demonstrators to not revert to violence . He also said that some of the issues raised in the wake of Brown 's death -- about things like "  police practices , implicit bias and pervasive community distrust " -- are "  real and significant . " "  I recognize that progress will not come easily , and long-simmering tensions will not be cooled overnight , " Holder said . "  These struggles go to the heart of who we are and who we aspire to be , both as a nation and as a people . And it is clear that we have a great deal of important work still to do . " Complete coverage on Ferguson	A number of businesses have boarded their doors and windows President Barack Obama says violence is contrary "  to who we are " FBI sends extra personnel to the St. Louis area , official says The Ferguson police officer who and killed Michael Brown says he did nothing wrong
CNN  -- Love regenerating alien time travelers who never leave home without a sonic screwdriver ? American fans of the British sci-fi show , "  Doctor Who , " are about to get a great Christmas present . This year , for the first time ever , BBC America is airing the "  Doctor Who " Christmas special at 9 p.m. ET on Christmas Day -- the same day BBC airs the special in the UK . Since 2005 , American fans of the franchise had to wait days , even weeks to see re-broadcasts of episodes and special events , first on Sci Fi Channel  now Syfy  and now on BBC America . Bloggers immediately assumed this unprecedented programming was an attempt to stamp out fan-related internet piracy . "  We 're not waiting for it to air over here , we 're watching it online . We 're downloading it ahead of time . And not only that , we 're watching the unedited versions . It was n't until recently that  BBC America  started to ... air them unedited for time , " said Aaron Cistrelli , president of the "  Doctor Who " fan-club Time Meddlers of Los Angeles , based in Southern California , which has been around for 20 years . All that downloading "  means  American fans  love the shows so much they ca n't wait to see them , " Richard de Croce , senior vice president of programming at BBC America said . "  And that 's the world we live in , in terms of technology , quite honestly . So let 's air these shows as quickly as we can post the UK 's transmission , " he said . And plans are in the works for season six of "  Doctor Who " to be broadcast the same day in the United States as well , said de Croce . The Christmas special has been an extra fix of the show which airs in the spring . By winter , fans have n't seen any new adventures for a few months . In the UK , the Christmas specials of the last few years have reached "  event " proportions . Whole families stay home on Christmas Day to watch the show . "  The one with David Tennant and Kylie Minogue in it I think was one of the highest viewed , non-sport television programs of the decade , " said Steve Pugh of VisitLondon.com , and a "  Docor Who " fan since age 7 . This year 's Christmas special , written by lead writer and executive producer , Steven Moffat , is called "  A Christmas Carol , " and features Matt Smith as the 11th Doctor , a grumpy , Scrooge-like Michael Gambon  plays Professor Dumbledore in the "  Harry Potter " movies  and opera singer Katherine Jenkins . "  I can honestly say I think it 's the ` Christmasiest ' Christmas special that ` Doctor Who ' has ever done , " said Piers Wenger , executive producer of the show along with Steven Moffat . The audience for "  Doctor Who " in the UK is much broader than the American audience . Wenger points out that the show is actually quite popular with children in Britain , even airing at 7 p.m. there as opposed to a more adult 9 p.m. in the United States . While Anglophiles and sci-fi fans in the United States are generally aware of the show , which has a thriving cult following , it is still far from mainstream . But the show gets a friendly reception for being so "  fringe . " CBS late night talk show host Craig Ferguson -- who grew up watching "  Doctor Who " in Scotland -- filmed an extravagant opening segment set to the "  Doctor Who " theme song , on the night that he interviewed Smith . CBS did n't air the segment , but it went viral on the internet . "  I spent time with the cast in New York and Los Angeles , " during a press tour for the show , Wenger said . "  And they were completely overwhelmed that people recognized them . They did n't expect that at all . I think American fans are every bit as passionate about our show as their British counterparts are . " Americans have known about this British import since the 1970s when episodes of "  Doctor Who " were aired on PBS . The show is nearly 50 years old . It premiered in Britain in 1963 and ran until 1996 , with eight actors playing the title role . The show returned in 2005 with Christopher Eccleston as Doctor Who and continued with David Tennant and now Matt Smith , the 11th actor to play the Doctor . Many fans have a strong allegiance to a particular Doctor . Tom Baker , Doctor Who from 1974 until 1981 , is often sited as a favorite -- well-loved for his quirky performance , Afro hairstyle and multi-colored scarf . Smith 's Doctor has also met with warm regard from fans . "  My favorite Doctor is Matt , " Wenger said . "  I think that he is just incredibly gifted and able to steer the action from a moment of real high drama and kind of vitriol to a moment of brilliant physical comedy and I think that 's why the show is in so many people 's hearts . " "  I think I 'm not alone in saying he 's my favorite Doctor . "	American fans of sci-fi shows like "  Doctor Who " do n't like to wait for re-broadcasts BBC America is trying to decrease lag between broadcasts in the U.S. and UK "  Doctor Who " Christmas special is a phenomenon in the UK ; popular in U.S. too
CNN  -- A 23-year-old gunman killed two co-workers early Friday at a Pathmark supermarket in Old Bridge , New Jersey , and then shot himself to death , Middlesex County Prosecutor Bruce J. Kaplan said . The shooter wielded an AK-47 assault rifle and a handgun , and was carrying multiple ammunition magazines , he added . "  I believe everyone in the store was a target , " said Kaplan , who noted that the gunman fired 16 rounds during his attack . The gunman killed an 18-year-old woman and a 24-year-old man , and may have opened fire just before he walked into the store , he said , citing broken glass in front . There were between 12 and 14 night shift workers in the store , Kaplan said . The man opened fire around 4 a.m. CNN affiliate WABC broadcast aerial footage of at least three police cruisers in front of the supermarket , while several people gathered outside an adjacent restaurant . "  We are terribly saddened by the incident at our Old Bridge Pathmark store this morning , " The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Co. said in a statement . "  We express our deepest sympathies to the families of the victims and our appreciation to local law enforcement . " NJ Transit reported that parking lots for its buses remain closed on the northbound side of route 9 in Old Bridge because of police activity . Old Bridge is in central New Jersey , roughly 30 miles south of Newark . Disgruntled ex-employee kills former coworker	NEW : "  We are terribly saddened by the incident , " the store 's operating company said Friday The shooting occurred in Old Bridge , in central New Jersey , about 30 miles south of Newark "  I believe everyone in the store was a target , " said official , who said gunman fired 16 rounds N.J. transit agency says some bus parking lots remain closed because of police activity
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Global warming and the state of the planet are n't exactly laughing matters , but for comedian Abie Philbin Bowman , the dire environmental outlook has at least one bright side . Abie Philbin Bowman sees the funny side of global warming at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival . "  In 50 years , my generation will be in its 70s and we 'll be able to boast that we were the only generation to have contraception , iPods , cheap flights and an ozone layer . " If the New Economics Foundation 's current predictions are correct and we have only 100 months to come up with a solution to reverse the most catastrophic impacts of climate change , then Bowman wo n't even reach 40 before he can begin to exalt the ` benefits ' of being a Gen-Yer . In the meantime , he 's using climate change and terrorism as material for his latest comedy offering at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in Scotland , "  Eco-Friendly Jihad . " Bowman told CNN it 's the over reaction to terrorism and comparative under reaction to global warming that has his central character -- a Bangladeshi environmentalist -- on a mission to join Al Qaeda in an effort to reduce global carbon emissions . "  The longer we do nothing , the more radical the action we will ultimately have to take . The most extreme strategy would be to start killing the world 's worst polluters -- Westerners -- preferably in a way which discourages others from flying , " he said . And so begins the eco-friendly jihad . Having grown up in a country plagued by domestic terrorism for three decades , the Irish comic insists he is staunchly anti-terrorism , but he told CNN he was ready to go where no one else will . "  It 's much more fun to tell jokes about religious nuts and neo-cons , but the whole point of any political joke is to reveal an ` inconvenient truth . ' "  Climate change is the biggest crisis in the history of the world and for a political humorist it 's not inherently funny , but it 's something that no one wants to talk about . " Susan Mansfield said as much in her review of the show for "  The Scotsman " : "  Bowman has a gift for winning an audience over , and coaxing original , friendly humour from subjects that are neither friendly nor funny . " She adds : "  he 's done his homework , and there are plenty of facts here , but the underlying message is a bleak one : as long as we continue being middle-class consumers , it ai n't looking good for the human race . " On debut in 2006 , Bowman took the Edinburgh Fringe Festival by storm with "  Jesus : The Guantanamo Years " , which he then toured for 18 months . Having had the success that comes with five-star reviews and a run of sold out performances , he seems a little underwhelmed by the response to "  Eco-Friendly Jihad . " Rather than pan the show as extremist , one reviewer thought he did n't go far enough : "  he should hold back less and plunge the knife in further . Not only does Bowman get better laughs when he 's being more controversial , he also makes you think more . " But Bowman counters saying that he would n't go as far as to actually advocate people join Al Qaeda to save the planet . After all , this is comedy . "  I did n't personally design climate change and I probably ca n't solve it in an hour , " he jokes . So what then does he want his audience to walk away thinking ? "  I guess I want people to start out by being honest . To say ` okay , we are destroying the planet and we are either okay or not okay with that ' . People will have to make a decision as to whether or not to then change their behavior . " Bowman says until now he 's adopted the ` every little bit counts ' approach to climate change abatement , but concedes it 's not enough . "  Buy some locally-produced potatoes , a few energy-saving light bulbs , put them all in a re-usable plastic bag and do n't think twice about your weekend break in Paris . " On a serious note , he adds : "  People are causing the ultimate destruction of the environment and essentially our fate is in our hands . " And that 's no laughing matter .	Comedian Abie Philbin Bowman tackles global warming in his new show "  Eco-Friendly Jihad " has had mixed reviews at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival Bowman says every political joke should reveal an ` inconvenient truth '
CNN  -- A first-edition Harry Potter book was sold for about $ 19,000 , according to an auction house in Dallas , Texas . Normal copies of the Harry Potter books go for under $ 20 , unlike the autographed first edition that sold for $ 19,000 . The soft-cover book was one of 200 copies printed and is a rarity compared with later editions of the popular series that were printed in the millions , the Heritage Auction Galleries said . The book , "  Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone , " includes an autograph from author J.K. Rowling . It 's the first book in the Harry Potter series and was published in the United States under the title "  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone . " The auction had estimated that the 223-page book would sell for as much as $ 12,000 . The winning bid of $ 19,120 bypassed expectations , but it was not the most expensive sale of Harry Potter-related items in an auction . Last year , an 800-word prequel to the blockbuster Harry Potter novel series fetched nearly $ 50,000 for a writer 's group and dyslexia charity . That prequel was handwritten and signed by Rowling .	The soft-cover "  Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone " is one of 200 copies The 223-page book includes an autograph from author J.K. Rowling The winning bid of $ 19,120 bypassed auctioneers ' expectations
CNN  -- Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei lost his second and final appeal against tax evasion charges in a Beijing intermediate court Thursday , leaving him liable for back taxes and fines totaling RMB 15.52 million  US$ 2.4 million  . The court directly ruled on the case without holding a hearing and failed to serve Ai sufficient notice of the ruling , according to Liu Xiaoyuan , Ai 's legal adviser , who accompanied the artist to court on Thursday . "  We submitted new evidence to the court after the first appeal , " Liu said . "  According to regulations , there should have been another hearing , but there was not . " "  According to relevant laws and regulations , the court should send a formal written notification three days before the verdict , " Liu added . "  But the court just gave us a call last night telling us there would be a hearing today , " he said , adding that no other members of Ai 's legal team were able to make it to the court on such short notice . "  I 'm more aware than ever now that I 'm just as vulnerable as most other ordinary people in this country , " Ai said , saying that he was "  exhausted . " "  We knew from the beginning that this was going to be a losing battle - to fight as individuals against the legal system , " he said . "  But to see so much arbitrary conduct in almost every step of their work is still very frustrating . " "  We 've been making a lot of effort getting our evidence , documenting our company 's financial activities . And the court did n't really show any hard evidence today to convict us . They 're openly violating the law by infringing on tax payers ' basic rights and ignoring lawful requests time and time again . " Requests by CNN for comment from the court have not been returned . Ai Weiwei paints bleak picture of the future Ai was barred from attending the court hearings held in June and July for his original lawsuit , with tens of police cars parked outside his home , studio , and the court . Liu said the artist was allowed to attend Thursday 's hearing , likely because the case can no longer be appealed . The 55-year-old provocateur has been battling the tax evasion charges brought by the Beijing tax bureau against his artistic company , Fake Cultural Development Ltd. , for over a year . The outspoken artist , blogger , filmmaker , and architect was on his way to Hong Kong in April 2011 when he was taken into custody at Beijing 's international airport and detained for 81 days amid a government crackdown on political activists . Ai 's studio in Beijing was raided , and his wife and several employees were taken into custody for questioning . The government campaign was attributed to fears of a potential Arab-Spring-style uprising , following online calls for a "  Jasmine Revolution . " Seven weeks after Ai was taken into custody , state news agency Xinhua reported that Beijing police said his company evaded a "  huge amount of taxes " and "  intentionally destroyed accounting documents . " He was released on one year 's probation the following June , with heavy restrictions imposed on his movements . Ai was forbidden to speak to the media or post on his Twitter account about his detainment . His phone was tapped , his e-mails were checked , and he had to report his appointments with other people to the police . Ai Weiwei places himself under home surveillance In November , the authorities demanded he pay the back taxes and fines within two weeks . Tens of thousands of supporters donated more than RMB 9 million  US$ 1 million  to help him , some even throwing RMB 100 notes folded into paper airplanes over the gate of his house . Ai used the donations to post a payment guarantee of the invoice in order to file a lawsuit to protest the charges . Dayu Zhang , Tian Shao , and Vivian Kam contributed to this report .	Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei lost final appeal against tax evasion charges Ai liable for back taxes and fines of RMB 15.52 M  US$ 2.4 M Court ruled without holding hearing , did not serve sufficient notice of ruling , said legal adviser Ai says he is "  just as vulnerable " as ordinary citizens
CNN  -- The death toll from a shooting at a house party in the violence-plagued Mexican border city of Juarez has climbed to 14 , state media reported Sunday . Chihuahua State Attorney General Carlos Manuel Salas told reporters that another 14 people were injured when gunmen attacked the gathering of young people at a house party Friday , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . The victims killed were between ages 14 and 30 , Notimex said . Children as young as 7 and 11 were among the injured , the agency reported . Salas said authorities were investigating the backgrounds of all the victims . Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission said it was sending representatives to the neighborhood , which was near another home where cartel gunmen stormed a house party in January , killing 15 people . Most of the victims in that shooting were youths who had no ties to organized crime . Investigators said the January shooting was a case of mistaken identity caused by bad intelligence . It sparked widespread outrage in the violent border city , including calls for Mexican President Felipe Calderon to resign . In a news conference Saturday , the country 's deputy interior minister told reporters federal authorities will maintain the security strategy they are developing with state officials . "  We are here to address this deplorable and condemnable acts , and to ensure full support to local authorities investigating these unfortunate events , " deputy interior minister Juan Marcos Gutierrez said , according to Notimex . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	A prosecutor says 14 people were killed and 14 others were injured Authorities are investigating the backgrounds of the victims Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission is sending a team to the neighborhood
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and congressional leaders wrapped up their first "  fiscal cliff " meeting since the election Friday with a confident tone that had both sides suggesting an agreement could be reached before January 1 , when hefty federal spending cuts and tax raises are scheduled to take effect . "  My hope is that this will be the beginning of a fruitful process , " said Obama , just prior to the meeting meant to avert the so-called fiscal cliff , which some economists warn could push the country into recession . "  Our challenge is to make sure that we can cooperate together , " he said . Republican and Democrat leaders stood together after the White House talks , while House Speaker John Boehner said that Republicans recognize that neither side is going to get everything it wants . He added that a combination of revenue increases and spending cuts is needed . "  I believe that the framework that I 've outlined in our meeting today is consistent with the president 's call for a fair and balanced approach . To show our seriousness , we 've put revenue on the table -- as long as it 's accompanied by significant spending cuts , " Boehner said . Long the sticking point between the president and congressional Republicans , increased revenue is sure to be at the center of any discussion . To the president , it means allowing Bush-era tax cuts on wealthy Americans to expire at the end of the year and returning to Clinton-era rates for high-income earners . But to Republicans , it has come to mean closing loopholes in the tax code and ending deductions without raising rates . For his part , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid simply promised progress . "  This is n't something we 're going to wait until the last day of December to get it done . We have a plan . We 're going to move forward on it , " he said . Ahead of the meeting , members of the New Democrat Coalition , a group of centrists , sent a letter to Obama , Boehner and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . "  We can not have a full debate that allows us to address the multitude of issues facing our country if either side takes a potential solution off the table , " it said . With both parties suffering losses of moderate members in the election , this new coalition is signaling it could be a critical bloc of votes in getting a deal through the House . Boehner could potentially lose a chunk of votes from conservatives if final details on new revenue do n't meet their approval . Major changes to entitlements could mean Pelosi would lose support from the progressives in the House who believe there should n't be any benefit cuts . Obama and Vice President Joe Biden met with Boehner , Pelosi , Reid and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in the Roosevelt Room on Friday . "  We do n't happen to think that the government needs more revenue . Government spends too much as it is , " McConnell said on the Senate floor Thursday . But he added that if Democrats are willing to agree to reform entitlement programs , "  we 'll be there . " Boehner on Wednesday acknowledged a "  spirit of cooperation " between the two sides of the aisle in the House and the president , and he said he would remain optimistic . But as he 's done every time he 's publicly addressed the issue , the speaker restated his opposition to allowing any tax rates to go up . "  There are ways to put revenue on the table without increasing tax rates , " he said . "  We 've talked about this now for over a year . " The New Democrat group 's letter was carefully crafted to avoid taking sides on any specific proposals on tax reform or structural changes to Medicare , Medicaid or Social Security . It pointed out that bipartisan commissions have already drawn up plans that reduce the deficit through a combination of spending cuts and new revenue , but the group did n't endorse any one formula . And when leaders of the group were pressed to answer whether Democrats would go along with significant changes to entitlement programs -- such as changing the eligibility age for Medicare -- they did n't answer directly and instead said they remain open to everything . "  At the very beginning , before we 've even sat down at the table , how about we agree that everything stays on the table until we 've had a chance to discuss it , " said Rep. Gerry Connolly , D-Virginia . Earlier , Pelosi repeatedly said she wants to see a "  grand bargain " -- the catch-all term for a major deficit reduction package that includes some combination of tax reform , spending cuts and entitlement reforms . But when asked what kind of entitlement changes she could accept , she said those programs should be dealt with separately from discussions about tax cuts . "  Those issues -- Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid -- they should be in their own realm . Whatever adjustments would be made in Social Security should be there to strengthen Social Security , not to subsidize a tax cut for the wealthiest people in America and say that 's how we balance a budget . The same thing with Medicaid and Medicare , " Pelosi said . Rep. Allyson Schwartz , D-Pennsylvania , said the group "  is n't trying to go around their own leadership " and wants to work with both parties . She said she was encouraged by what top Republicans were saying on being open to new revenue , but she seemed to echo Pelosi on entitlements , saying they are part of a longer-term solution . Rep. Ron Kind of Wisconsin , the incoming chairman of the New Democrat Coalition , insisted that no one should be drawing bright lines on any issue and compared fiscal cliff negotiations to those between Israel and Palestinian leaders . "  We all know what we need to do -- it 's like the Middle East peace plan . Everyone knows where we need to end up ; we just need to figure out the political process to get there , " he said . The New Democrat Coalition grew after this month 's election , from 42 members to as many as 52 or 53 , depending on the results of the handful of unresolved House races . That equates to roughly one-quarter of the overall House Democratic caucus . Similar to the "  Blue Dog " Democrats , another group of fiscal conservatives who played a major role in health care negotiations , this group emphasizes bipartisan solutions . The ranks of the Blue Dogs , who hail mainly from Southern states , were decimated in the 2010 election , and the group will have fewer members -- about 15 -- heading into the next Congress after the retirement of several members . A challenge facing moderate Democrats is they do n't wield significant power in the leadership . Pelosi and the rest of the current leadership are expected to stay essentially the same in the next Congress . While No. 2 Democrat Steny Hoyer is viewed as more ideologically moderate , and often is the bridge to those members , the rest of the leaders have ties to the more liberal elements of the caucus . The New Democrats do have the potential of gaining a seat at the leadership table -- its current chairman , Rep. Joe Crowley of New York , is vying for the post of vice chairman of the caucus , against Rep. Jared Polis of Colorado and Rep. Barbara Lee of California . Several Democratic aides expect Crowley to win the spot when the elections are held after Thanksgiving .	NEW : Reid : "  This is n't something we 're going to wait until the last day of December to get it done " Some moderate House Democrats are sending a message to both parties They say they want neither side to take "  a potential solution off the table " The coalition signals it could be critical to getting a deal through the House
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Beaten with bicycle chains , burned with hot irons and bashed with a shoe , the case of Indonesian domestic helper Kartika Puspitasari -- whose Chinese employers were jailed this week over the assaults -- highlights just how tough Hong Kong can be for some of the city 's thousands of foreign domestic helpers . For many of these estimated 292,000 workers , the city 's highly regulated if Spartan work conditions are a luxury . "  I worked in Lebanon between 2005 and 2006 and Hong Kong is much , much better , " domestic helper Marie Reyes told CNN . "  The minimum wage in Lebanon is $ US200  per month  but absolutely no one paid that . We were paid $ 150 and were locked into three-year contracts and we were required to work seven days a week . " For vulnerable groups like Overseas Filipino Workers , or OFWs as they are known in the Philippines , basic political stability is another of Hong Kong 's attractions . Read more : Convicted of human trafficking "  At the time I was in Beirut , the Israelis attacked the city with rockets and I was so scared , all I wanted to do was get to the Philippines Embassy and get out , " Reyes said . "  My employers were in London at the time and we were just two domestic helpers in an empty house with rockets falling everywhere . Locked in "  It was so nerve-wracking because my employers said once we 'd left the house , as far as they were concerned we 'd left the job and we could n't go back again . "  Even when we 'd grabbed our passports and work permits and got out the front gate , no taxi driver was willing to drive us to the embassy because it was in a Muslim area of the city that was under fire . " Read more : Hong Kong 's foreign maids lose residency fight Domestic helpers are guaranteed a minimum wage of $ HK3 ,920  $ US505  a month but are required to live in with their employers , a situation that support groups for domestic helpers say contributes to abuse . Hong Kong 's Mission For Migrant Workers  MFMW  released a study this year based on interviews with more than 3,000 foreign domestic workers , and found that almost one third had no proper accommodation within the house . No privacy "  They do not have their own room provided and have to either share the bedroom with other members of the household or sleep in common areas of the apartment , such as the living room , study or playroom where there is very little privacy , " the study reported . "  Some even sleep in unsuitable spaces such as the bathroom , toilets , veranda , corridor , kitchen and storage rooms , with only makeshift beds on top of ovens , cupboards or bathtubs . There are FDWs that are forced to share the room with young adult male members of the household , " it added . MFMW Director Cynthia Ca Abdon-Tellez told the Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post that the government requirement that maids must live with their employer meant they had nowhere to run when they were abused . She said the decision should be left to the employers and the maids whether they live together . She also urged the government to scrap a policy that requires domestic helpers to leave Hong Kong just two weeks after their contracts expire , saying it did not give workers enough time to find new work . "  It often forces the helpers to endure abuses so they can hold on to their jobs , " she said , adding that they needed the jobs to support their families back home . Indonesian Foreign Domestic Worker Ganika Diristiani , chairwoman of the Association of Indonesian Migrant Workers in Hong Kong , told the SCMP agency fees that could often amount to HK$ 21,000  US$ 2,708  -- deductible from a foreign domestic worker 's first seven months of salary -- were another reason so many helpers tolerated unfair treatment . For Marie Reyes , however , live-in arrangements , especially with demanding employers , means that as a foreign domestic worker you are on call 24 hours a day , six days a week . "  You can be woken up any time of the night just to get a glass of water , " she said . "  Living outside is what all domestic helpers want -- it means you can finally get some rest . "	Couple sentenced to jail over abuse highlights tough environment for domestic helpers in HK Despite abuses many foreign domestic helpers prefer Hong Kong to other work destinations Rights group says requirements that domestic helpers live with employers should be scrapped Study : As many as a third of domestic helpers in Hong Kong do not have proper living spaces
He 's helped save a rhino 's life , spoken at major tech conferences , won several awards and created an online community of thousands of users -- and he is just 16 years old . Teenager Nadav Ossendryver is the founder and developer of Latest Sightings , a crowd-sourcing website that provides real-time updates on animal sightings in Kruger National Park , South Africa 's largest game reserve . Founded in November 2011 , the site harnesses the power of social media to enable Kruger visitors to share the whereabouts of animals with other holidaymakers , thus increasing their chances of spotting the diverse wildlife that 's populating the vast park -- from lions and cheetahs to leopards and elephants . Read : New monkey discovered "  WOW ! What a way to end the day !! 3 lioness and 9 cubs ! Thank you for this wonderful page , " reads one comment posted on Latest Sightings . "  YOU ARE A LEGEND !! Thank-you ! Thank-you ! Most amazing experience at Kruger ... Wild Dogs SO close !! " says another . It all began last year after one of Nadav 's numerous visits to the world-famous Kruger , a stunning wildlife haven stretching out over 7,500 square miles . "  Whenever we came here I used to beg my parents to stop every car passing and ask them what they 'd seen , " remembers Nadav , who is currently a grade 10 student . "  After a while they got irritated , so I was thinking , what 's an easy way of getting people to share their sightings without having to stop every car ? " When he returned to his Johannesburg home , the bright teenager put his mind to the task and after two weeks of non-stop work he created his first wildlife-tracking iPhone app . A little over a year later , Nadav says , the crowd-powered site has grown to win fans all over the world , helping wildlife enthusiasts enhance their safari experience . "  All together on Facebook , Twitter and the website , we 've got over 33,000 people , " says Nadav . "  When I started I thought I wo n't even get 100 people . I never thought they 'll be more than 100 people that like Kruger enough to actually follow the sightings but now there are 33,000 people , it 's just unbelievable . " Read : Last of the bush trackers on the trail of a dying art Nadav remembers the case of an American couple visiting Kruger on a mission to see a leopard for the first time in their lives . The solitary , elusive cat is one of the most difficult animals to spot in the wild , but thanks to the site , Nadav says , the couple got lucky on their first day at the park . "  People go there for years and do n't even see a leopard and they saw two leopard cubs in one day , " he says . "  They said they could have gone home that afternoon and still be so happy . And when they got home finally , they told all their friends of how they had such an amazing time in Kruger . " But while members can report movements of any wildlife whilst scanning the open savannah , there is one animal whose whereabouts is banned from the site . "  We do n't ever share rhino sightings because of the poaching , " explains Nadav . "  It 's a huge problem , there 's poaching more or less every day . " Rhino poaching rates have soared in recent years in South Africa -- according to the country 's officials , more than 450 rhinos have been killed this year . Latest Sightings carries telephone numbers where people can directly report rhino poaching , says Nadav , who encourages his followers to keep an eye out for hunters . Earlier this year , he was informed by a member about an injured rhino caught in a poacher 's snare in Kruger . Nadav immediately passed on the details to a park ranger in order to prevent the animal , which was bleeding around its neck , from becoming an easy target for hunters . The ranger rushed to the scene and managed to save the stricken animal . "  If you see any suspicious activity then you can share it to us and we create awareness , " says Nadav . Read : Wildlife puts Tanzania on the tourist map The 16-year-old schoolboy , who wants to pursue career in IT in the future , was born in Israel in June 1996 and moved to South Africa when he was eight years old . Like many teenagers , he also loves soccer and tennis and plays drums in his school band . His remarkable feats have not gone unnoticed by the world -- Nadav has held meetings with Google executives and has been invited to speak about mobile applications and the internet at some of the biggest technology events in the continent , including the Tech4Africa conference . His numerous accolades include being named the youngest virtual honorary ranger from SANParks , South Africa 's national parks service , as well as an eco ambassador for the Endangered Wildlife Trust . Looking ahead , Nadav says he 'd like to expand the service to other game reserves so that he can improve the wildlife safari experience for tourists and help protect endangered species . "  I love every second of it , " says Nadav . "  I just love knowing about all the sightings , seeing and helping animals especially , creating awareness , trying to end poaching and learning more about Kruger -- I love every single second of it . "	Nadav Ossendryver , 16 , has created wildlife-tracking website Latest Sightings It uses crowdsourcing to gather information about animals in Kruger National Park The website has grown to have over 33,000 members , says Nadav Latest Sightings does not display any rhino sightings
CNN  -- A 32-year-old Saudi Arabian who has crusaded for women to drive in her country said she was stopped Saturday for driving a car -- even though there is no law against it . Manal al Sharif , a mother of a 5-year-old boy , told CNN authorities released her and then tried to detain her again early Sunday . Al Sharif , one of those behind Women2Drive , claimed traffic and religious police detained her for six hours Saturday after they spotted her driving in Khobar . She said she was forced to sign a form promising not to drive again , and then was allowed to go home . She told CNN that lawyers are trying to stop police from detaining her for a second time . A Women2Drive tweet later indicated al Sharif and her brother had been taken from their Khobar residence to a police station . CNN was trying to reach Saudi authorities for comment . Women2Drive is an initiative endorsing the right of women to drive and travel freely in Saudi Arabia . While there are no traffic laws that make it illegal for women to drive in Saudi Arabia , religious edicts are often interpreted as a ban on female drivers . Hundreds of women have joined the campaign on Facebook and Twitter to begin driving June 17 . Some women , such as Al Sharif , with international licenses began driving earlier . Al Sharif recently told CNN , "  We are not doing anything that is breaking the law . " Strict segregation by sex means women in Saudi Arabia ca n't travel without a male relative . They ca n't take public transport . To get around , women hire expensive drivers or taxis . Al Sharif became frustrated after she had difficulty going home one evening . "  I had to walk on the street for half an hour looking for a cab . I was harassed by every single car because it was late at night and I was walking alone , " she told CNN . "  I kept calling my brother to pick me up but his phone was n't answering . I was crying in the street . A 32-year-old grown woman , a mother , crying like a kid because I could n't find anyone to bring me home . " Al Sharif , who has taught other women how to drive , is resolute about Saudi women being more outspoken . "  We have a saying , " she told CNN . "  The rain starts with a single drop . This is a symbolic thing . "	Manal al Sharif is part of Women2Drive campaign She claims woman are not breaking the law by driving in Saudi Arabia Religious edicts limit activities of women
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Rep. Paul Gillmor of Ohio was found dead in his townhouse in Arlington , Virginia , on Wednesday , leadership aides for both the Republican and Democratic parties said . Rep. Paul Gillmor was first elected to Congress in 1988 . Gillmor , a Republican , was 68 . The leadership aides did not say how Gillmor died . House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , told fellow congressmen on the floor of the House that their colleague died "  suddenly overnight . " "  He was a good friend to all of us , " said a somber Boehner . "  He 's going to be missed by us all . " A tribute to Gillmor will be held in the House later Wednesday afternoon , Boehner said . Watch Boehner tell colleagues of death " Gillmor , the deputy minority whip , was in his 10th term in the House , representing the 5th Congressional District in the northwest part of the Buckeye state . He was a member of the House Committee on Financial Services , and the ranking Republican on the Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit . Gillmor also served on the Subcommittee on Capital Markets , Insurance and Government Sponsored-Enterprises and the Subcommittee on Housing and Community Opportunity . He was elected to Congress in 1988 , after serving in the Ohio State Senate for 22 years , where he was elected Republican leader five times . Gillmor was born Feb. 1 , 1939 , in Tiffin , Ohio . He received a bachelor of arts degree from Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware , Ohio , and a law degree from the University of Michigan Law School . In 2006 , Roll Call -- a Capitol Hill newspaper -- listed him as the 43rd richest member of Congress , with an estimated net worth of $ 6.16 million . He formerly ran a financial services company . Gillmor was also a U.S. Air Force veteran -- where he attained the rank of captain -- and ran unsuccessfully for governor in 1986 . He served in the Vietnam War in 1965 and 1966 . He was married to Karen Gillmor , vice chairman of the State Employment Relations Board in Ohio and a former state senator . Their family includes two daughters , Linda and Julie , and three sons , Paul and twins Connor and Adam . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Rep. Paul Gillmor died suddenly during night , GOP leader says No word on cause of death Gillmor represented northwest area of Ohio
CNN  -- Somali pirates released a chemical tanker after holding it for more than four months , the European Union 's naval protection force said Thursday . The MV Hannibal II was seized November 11 off the Horn of Africa , EU NAVFOR said . All 30 members of the crew of the Panama-flagged vessel are safe and in good health , the naval force said , citing the owner of the ship . The waters off the coast of largely lawless Somalia have become a danger zone for ships in the past several years as pirates seize them for ransom . EU NAVFOR did not say if a ransom had been paid for the Hannibal II .	The MV Hannibal 's crew is safe and in good health , the ship owner says The waters off Somalia are dangerous for ships due to piracy
CNN  -- Mercedes are set to introduce a raft of measures to revive Michael Schumacher 's flagging Formula One fortunes for the upcoming Spanish Grand Prix . The seven-time champion returned to F1 this season after retiring in 2006 but has struggled so far , accumulating only ten points in the opening four races of the campaign . But Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn says changes to Schumacher 's car , including a new chassis and improved weight distribution , could help reignite his bid for a record eighth championship in Barcelona . "  It 's not a new chassis per se , it 's a chassis we used in testing , " Brawn was quoted as saying on the official F1 Web site . "  The one he had got damaged during the first few races , and we repaired it as best we could at the races . But now we are back at base we are going to re-introduce the test chassis , and he will be using that in Barcelona . "  It has taken Michael a little time to settle into these cars and particularly the tires . These tires are very different to what he had last time he was racing . " Schumacher is being outperformed by Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg , who has battled his way to second in the standings . But Brawn is confident the 41-year-old will be pushing the front runners soon . "  It 's foolish to say Michael is where he wants to be , but he 's very determined to succeed , " Brawn said in comments attributed to Reuters.com . "  I think these frustrations are just going to make him try even harder . "  We 've not had a fantastic start but we are still in there because no-one else is really dominating either - there is still plenty of opportunity . "  He is so determined , and you can see that in his driving . The bits where it 's not quite working are not because of -LSB- lack of -RSB- skill or bravery , it 's because the technique needs tuning , and the car needs tuning . "  It 's odd places where he 's losing time and that 's why we think he 'll sort it out and we 'll sort it out . " The Spanish Grand Prix gets underway in Barcelona on May 9 .	Mercedes team principal says changes will be made to Michael Schumacher 's car Schumacher has struggled on his return to Formula One The German has picked up just ten points so far
CNN  -- A conservative leader Friday laid the Republican Party 's poor showing at the polls at the feet of moderates who , he argues , led the party away from its core principles . Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council says the GOP must return to conservative principles . Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council told CNN that conservatives need to take back control of the GOP if the party is to return to its winning ways . "  Moderates never beat conservatives . We 've seen that in past elections , " he said . Rejecting suggestions that the conservative movement was viewed as being out of touch with the electorate , Perkins says the Republican Party needs to go back to basics . "  It 's a return to fundamental conservative principles that Ronald Reagan showed work and that people can be attracted to , " Perkins said . Pointing to measures in California , Florida and Arizona barring same-sex marriage that passed Tuesday , Perkins said President-elect Barack Obama 's election did not mean the country had embraced liberal social views . "  There was clearly no mandate to shift the country to the left on social issues , " Perkins said . "  What Tuesday was , was a fact that people wanted change , and it 's a rejection of a moderate view . " Watch what went wrong in the McCain campaign " David Keene of the American Conservative Union also said the idea of the Republican Party as the party of smaller government was undermined by the rapid increase in government spending over the last eight years . "  Republicans in Congress began to act like the Democrats they 'd gotten rid of in the '90s . The president began to spend money like he was Lyndon Johnson , and the result was that voters began to get very upset , " Keene said . "  So , yes , you have to go back to your basics . " Perkins ' comments come after a post-election conservative conclave met at an undisclosed location in northern Virginia on Thursday . One of the prominent conservatives who attended the meeting , Grover Norquist of Americans for Tax Reform , said the group 's goal was to rebuild the conservative movement in all 50 states . "  There 's no one leader . There are many leaders , " Norquist said . "  One of the things that the meeting decided is they would n't decide something . They wo n't endorse a candidate . It was the first meeting of a series of meetings of how do we structure , how do we increase building . " Perkins also said the meeting was meant to get the various wings of the conservative movement talking again . "  What has made the conservative movement strong is when you have social conservatives , fiscal conservatives and foreign policy conservatives working together , " he said . "  This was the first step in what will be a long journey in rebuilding that communication and that common vision . " Watch the fighting between the McCain and Palin camps " Norquist said one of the lessons the conservatives took away from Tuesday night 's results was that they focused too much on the presidential race and not enough on helping congressional candidates . In addition to Sen. John McCain , a Republican standard bearer , losing his bid for the White House , House Republicans will have at least 26 fewer seats in the next Congress , and Republicans could have a few as 40 seats in the Senate . "  As a national movement , a conservative movement , as a national Republican Party , it was certainly a mistake to focus on the presidency . It would be a mistake to focus on the elected officials in Washington , " Norquist said . "  So we rebuild , not just in Washington , but in all 50 states . " CNN 's Joe Johns contributed to this report	NEW : Conservative argues GOP must again become party of smaller government Family Research Council official says conservatives always beat moderates GOP should champion conservative values like those of Ronald Reagan , he says Conservatives trying to rebuild movement in all 50 states
CNN  Country music star Little Jimmy Dickens , a fixture at the Grand Ole Opry for decades , died Friday of cardiac arrest after having a stroke on Christmas , the website for the famed music venue reported . Dickens , 94 , died at a hospital in Nashville , according to media reports . "  It is with a heavy heart that I say goodbye to my hero and friend today . I loved you Jimmy , " Brad Paisley wrote on Twitter . Dickens joined the Opry , the showcase for country music , in 1948 . "  The Grand Ole Opry did not have a better friend than Little Jimmy Dickens , " Opry Vice President and General Manager Pete Fisher said in a statement . "  He loved the audience and his Opry family , and all of us loved him back . He was a one-of-kind entertainer and a great soul whose spirit will live on for years to come . " Dickens -- known for his diminutive stature , colorful rhinestone-studded jackets and keen sense of humor -- had several novelty hits , beginning in 1949 . "  May The Bird Of Paradise Fly Up Your Nose , " "  Out Behind the Barn , " and "  Take An Old Cold Tater  And Wait  " are among his fans ' favorite tunes . Another is "  I 'm Little , But I 'm Loud . " The 4-foot-11-inch artist was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1983 . He is survived by his wife , Mona Dickens , and two daughters . "  I am deeply saddened . We have lost a precious treasure , " tweeted Charlie Daniels . The Opry 's news release said plans were still being formed for a funeral , as well as a public viewing and service . Dickens was born in Bolt , West Virginia , the oldest of 13 children . In 2007 he told West Virginia Public Broadcasting that while his dad was a coal miner and the family was poor , they were never hungry . "  Nothing easy about coal mining for a living but we all got by , " he said . "  There was more love in our family than the money . " He said his grandparents raised him . His mother and uncles played guitars and banjos but none of them played professionally , he said . He got his start on a radio station in Beckley , according to a biography on the Hall of Fame website . He had a $ 12 guitar that he carried in a pillowcase and he got to sing a song or two each week . Eventually he 'd go out and sing with the stars of the station , he said . He was still in high school at the time . He moved on to a station in Cincinnati , where he was doing a morning show when country star Roy Acuff came for a visit in the 1940s . Acuff invited Dickens to sing a song in his show , which the star liked enough to help get Dickens an invitation to sing at the Opry even before he had a record . "  I went down there and did that and it worked for me , " Dickens said . He said he wanted to be remembered for his honesty with his fans and coworkers and for his desire to always get better as a performer . People we lost : 2014	Dickens first came to the famous Nashville music venue in 1948 He often cracked jokes about his diminutive size
CNN  -- As the world reels from its deadliest Ebola outbreak , health experts are fast-tracking tests for various vaccines , and hope to have millions of experimental doses by next year . There is currently no cure or vaccine for Ebola , which continues to spread in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . The virus has killed nearly 5,000 people -- mostly in those three nations -- and infected twice that number . Scientists racing to stop the epidemic are trying various experimental drugs on patients , including ZMapp and TKM-Ebola . In addition to drug development , there 's a scramble to develop vaccines , with scores of companies working on experimental doses , the World Health Organization said this week . Health care workers in affected nations will get the first opportunity to try the experimental vaccines . GlaxoSmithKline and the Public Health Agency of Canada are already conducting the first phase of clinical trials for two experimental vaccines , according to the WHO . The latter hopes to have 12 million experimental doses by the first quarter of next year . The GSK vaccine is being tried on healthy volunteers in the United Kingdom and Mali ; the Canadian one is undergoing testing on healthy volunteers in the United States . "  If the vaccines are determined to be safe , tens of thousands of doses could be used in West African trials beginning in January of next year , " the WHO said . Other vaccines in the works include those by Protein Sciences and Inovio , and another one by Russian scientists . According to the latest WHO figures released Saturday , there have been at least 10,141 cases of Ebola -- with 4,922 reported deaths -- as of Thursday . Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea account for nearly all the cases . All but one district in Liberia and all districts in Sierra Leone have reported at least one case of Ebola since the start of the outbreak in March , the WHO said . About 450 health workers have caught the virus worldwide . Of those , 244 have died . Ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person . The push for vaccines came as new cases of Ebola were confirmed in New York and Mali , the latter the first case in that nation . Complete coverage on Ebola CNN 's Jen Christensen and journalist Katarina Hoije contributed to this report .	NEW : As many as 55 people quarantined in Mali after girl 's death Latest WHO figures put total death toll at 4,922 as of Thursday There is currently no cure or vaccine for Ebola Scores of international companies are working on experimental vaccines
Cairo  CNN  -- Voting in Egypt 's first elections since the ouster of former President Hosni Mubarak will begin in late November , a week later than previously announced , the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said Tuesday . Egypt 's military rulers said the first phase of parliamentary elections will begin November 28 . The elections will take place in three stages across different districts , the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said . "  The results will be announced on January 10 . Then the writing of the constitution will begin immediately , " said Major Alaa Al Iraqi , a spokesman for the Council . "  Parliament 's first session should be in March . Then the presidential elections will come next . " The January 25 revolution -- a movement of several political groups , named after the revolution that ousted Mubarak -- had warned that if the Council did not announce a specific date and mechanism for the elections , it would stage an open-ended sit-in on September 30 . The group also stressed that the military must secure the polls to avoid violence and allow a mechanism for Egyptian living abroad to participate . The Supreme Council has announced that " international agencies and NGOs are welcome to observe the elections . " Since an 18-day popular uprising forced Mubarak from power in February , demonstrators have criticized the country 's interim military rulers and called for elections . Mubarak faces charges of corruption and ordering the killing of anti-government protesters . He has denied the charges .	NEW : The elections will take place in three stages across different districts , the Supreme Council says NEW : The January 25 revolution movement threatened a sit-in if no election date and plan were announced The elections will be the first since Hosni Mubarak 's ouster Mubarak faces charges of corruption and ordering the killing of protesters , which he denies
Parenting  -- To deal with her depression and anxiety issues , J.D. Bailey does not use prescription drugs . She uses the delicate-fabrics setting on the dryer . Four years ago , Bailey was prescribed a low dose of Zoloft to offset the postpartum depression that followed the birth of her youngest daughter , Grace . Her doctor later switched the script to Celexa . Thus began a carousel of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors . Today , Bailey is not taking anything . For the past few months , her drug of choice has been five minutes in the laundry room . "  Last week I had to step away when my 6-year-old , Annie , was having a full meltdown , " says Bailey , who chronicles her depression on her blog , Honest Mom . "  I felt like the worst parent in the world because I did n't want to make her feel better . I just wanted to get out of there . " Parenting.com : How to de-stress your daily routine So that 's what she did . Bailey went into the laundry room , turned on the dryer , and breathed until "  I knew I could be levelheaded , hug her , and talk her through it . " Bailey lives in a suburb of Boston , where children ride bikes in front of split-level colonial homes and locals make brownies for the neighborhood bake sale . It 's the kind of charmed hamlet that teaches an important lesson : Depression and anxiety live everywhere . One in every 10 Americans reports being depressed , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Anxiety disorders affect 40 million adults in the U.S. . But parents are arguably the most vulnerable to these issues . "  Parenting is a tough job , one that is exhausting on a good day , " says Jenn Berman , a licensed psychotherapist in Beverly Hills and author of "  The A to Z Guide to Raising Happy , Confident Kids . " "  If you 're also prone to depression , it can push you over the edge . " Parenting , anxiety and depression From our children 's health to their development to their performance at school , there 's always something for moms and dads to be happy -- or anxious -- about . The common definition of depression states that a multitude of the following symptoms be present for a two-week period : fatigue and decreased energy , feelings of pessimism , overeating or appetite loss , insomnia or early-morning wakefulness , loss of interest in hobbies and activities once found pleasurable , and irritability and restlessness . That describes half the parents I know . Our awareness of depressive and anxiety issues is at an all-time high  thank you , TV commercials  , and our family physicians and OB-GYNs can write scripts as easily as psychiatrists . It all adds up to our becoming Generation Medication : More than one in five American adults now take at least one type of medication to treat a psychological or behavioral disorder , a 22 % rise since 2001 , according to an analysis by Express Scripts . The number of women taking antidepressants grew 29 % between 2001 and 2010 ; during that same time period , ADHD drug use among women jumped a staggering 264 % . Parenting.com : Why are so many moms on psychiatric meds ? But very little talk surrounding depression and anxiety focuses on parents , which is hard to believe , since their mental well-being has a significant effect on our most precious cargo . "  Depression ... can have serious biological , psychological , behavioral , and social consequences , especially on children who rely on a parent for caregiving , support , and nurturance , " according to "  Depression in Parents , Parenting and Children , " published in 2009 by the National Research Council . It 's associated with poorer physical health , especially in infants , difficult temperament and aggression , lower cognitive performance , and higher rates of anxiety and depression . Sixteen million children are living in households with a depressed parent , so there are an enormous number of young lives at stake . ` Put on your own oxygen mask first ' It 's 3 a.m. , and Hope Chanda is awakened by another panic attack . Not again , she thinks . But sure enough , the symptoms are all there : tightening in the chest , pressure on the rib cage , shortness of breath . "  Every time , I feel like I 'm going to die , " she says . For the past two years , Chanda and her husband , Joe , parents of twin 6-year-old boys in Melbourne , Florida , have been trying to get pregnant : six rounds of fertility shots and three cycles of the fertility drug Clomid . "  All the hormones made me crazy , " she adds . But toughest of all were the two miscarriages . "  After the second miscarriage , it all came out , " she says . "  I had this feeling that something was really wrong . . " She did n't want to end up like her mother , who was hospitalized for anxiety issues when Chanda was 10 . Parenting.com : Mom confession : I 'm an alcoholic parent "  You know how on an airplane the flight attendant says to put on your own oxygen mask first , then your child 's ? That applies here , " Berman says . "  It 's really hard for moms to put their well-being first , but they have to help themselves before they can help their children and families . " After one too many midnight panic attacks , Chanda talked to her family doctor . Now she takes half a milligram of Xanax twice a day , and 20 milligrams of Celexa at night . "  It helps me be a better mom , " says Chanda . "  I look forward to taking my medication . I 'm more flexible , tolerant , and rational . Before , when the kids were being a problem , I would get frustrated and yell immediately . Now , we work through the problem . " Allan Horwitz is a professor of sociology at Rutgers University and author of "  The Loss of Sadness : How Psychiatry Transformed Normal Sadness Into Depressive Disorder . " He believes we 're using meds to deal with the emotional roller coaster of parenthood . "  Let 's say you have a colicky baby , " says Horwitz . "  Colic means your baby is not sleeping , which means you 're not sleeping . Now you have resulting symptoms from thatâ $ " fatigue , irritability , feeling overwhelmed ... . We 've become less tolerant of negative emotions . It 's much easier to take a pill . " ` Sad and I do n't know why ' Every morning John Buffington , a father of two in Philadelphia , pops a Claritin and 20 milligrams of Celexa . "  While it was different for my dad 's generation , I 'm taking on a more nurturing role at home . To do that , you have to be in touch with your feelings , " says Buffington as he gives his 9-month-old son a bottle . "  Celexa helps me do that . " What about talk therapy ? "  I spent a couple years in therapy , but then the insurance stopped covering it and it became too big of an expense . " This is a common scenario : Getting the medication is relatively cheap and easy , and talk therapy is expensive and hard . If the meds make you feel normal , why do anything else ? "  You should not take psychiatric medication unless you are in psychotherapy , " says Dr. Carole Lieberman , a psychiatrist and faculty member at UCLA 's Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior . "  The medication is a Band-Aid to combat the symptoms while you work on the root of the problem . " "  If your partner is dealing with these issues , push them to start -- and stick with -- talk therapy , " says Berman . "  Therapists give you the tools to manage your triggers . " Parenting.com : When postpartum depression lasts One evening at bedtime , Bailey 's daughter Annie said , "  Mommy , I 'm sad and I do n't know why . " Her heart sank . Shortly thereafter , Bailey weaned herself off the meds "  under my doctor 's supervision and my husband 's watchful eye . " "  I 'm exercising , eating better , and making sure my spouse and I have time together , " she says . Things are going well , but she 's on eggshells . Bailey is not far removed from the days when the tears came too easily , when she had to tell her daughters , "  Mommy 's not feeling well today . " But she 's been on this battlefield before , and she 's ready for a fight . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	More than 1 in 5 adults take medication for a psychological or behavioral disorder : analysis Parental depression can affect children One expert says Americans use medication to cope with the parenthood roller-coaster The American Psychiatric Association advocates talk therapy
CNN  -- The Justice Department charged Toyota with wire fraud on Wednesday as part of a settlement with prosecutors that will require the auto giant to pay $ 1.2 billion for admittedly misleading consumers and the government over unintended acceleration . According to an agreement signed by the Japanese company , Toyota executives responded to initial complaints about sticking gas pedals and unwanted acceleration by deceiving the public and trying to find ways to limit damage to its global brand . Toyota at one point boasted internally about saving $ 100 million in costs by avoiding a full safety recall . That strategy continued even after a 2009 incident in which a family of four in San Diego was killed when their Lexus suddenly accelerated to speeds of 100 miles-per-hour and crashed , Justice Department officials said . Toyota wound up recalling millions of popular vehicles in 2009-10 . Attorney General Eric Holder said Toyota "  confronted a public safety emergency as if it were a simple public relations problem . " The financial penalty is the largest for a car manufacturer and Justice Department officials said it represented an aggressive new strategy to deal with how companies handle safety recalls . Under the agreement , the Justice Department will defer the criminal charge for three years , during which Toyota will submit to government monitoring . The settlement ends a four-year probe by the Manhattan U.S. Attorney 's Office , which is now looking at safety issues at General Motors . GM has recalled 1.6 million vehicles worldwide over an ignition switch problem . GM engineers apparently knew about it years ago but the Detroit automaker did not move to recall vehicles until last month . George Venizelos , FBI assistant director in charge of the bureau 's New York office , blasted Toyota . "  The disregard Toyota had for the safety of the public is outrageous . Not only did Toyota fail to recall cars with problem parts , they continued to manufacture new cars with the same parts they knew were deadly , " he said . According to the agreement , Toyota admitted to deceiving U.S. safety regulators and members of Congress who conducted a separate inquiry . Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said the company 's deception even raised concerns among employees . Bharara noted that one employee , in January 2010 , said in response to the company 's misleading public statements : "  Idiots ! Someone will go to jail if lies are repeatedly told . I ca n't support this . " Christopher Reynolds , chief legal officer for Toyota Motor North America said the company has made changes to be more responsive to customers . "  In the more than four years since these recalls , we have gone back to basics at Toyota to put our customers first , " he said . The company has settled similar allegations over unintended acceleration in agreements with a group of states , and has also settled with some vehicle owners . The Transportation Department previously leveled stiff fines against Toyota for not promptly addressing safety problems related to unintended acceleration . The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration  NHTSA  also came under scrutiny during the Toyota saga for not pushing the company harder in the early stages of their investigation into motorist complaints . The recall crisis cost Toyota an estimated $ 2 billion in repair costs and lost sales , even before it had to pay out any legal settlements .	Japanese auto giant also charged with wire fraud , but prosecution deferred Toyota admitted to misleading consumers and regulators over unintended acceleration It initiated massive recalls in 2009-10 following stepped up pressure from regulators The Justice Department is now looking at how General Motors handled ignition switch problems
2:20 p.m. update : Rep. Michael Grimm pleaded guilty to one charge of tax evasion . Update : Rep. Michael Grimm , R-New York , is expected to sign a "  statement of facts " admitting that he evaded taxes as alleged by the federal government in a 20-count indictment , although Grimm will only plead guilty to one count of tax evasion , law enforcement sources said . The sources added that prosecutors will push for Grimm to serve at least some federal prison time after his guilty plea . Grimm is set to be sworn in as a re-elected member of Congress in January , although his colleagues could choose to expel him from the body . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement Wednesday that Grimm should resign . "  Now that the election is over , Congressman Grimm is finally admitting the truth to his constituents , " she said . "  Clearly , Speaker Boehner must insist that Congressman Grimm resign immediately . " Original post : New York Republican Congressman Michael Grimm will plead guilty to one count of tax evasion on Tuesday in a New York court , according to a U.S. law enforcement official . The charge can bring some prison time , but it 's not clear whether Grimm will be sentenced with any . After being indicted in April on 20 counts of filing false tax returns , mail fraud , wire fraud , hiring undocumented workers and perjury , Grimm insisted he did nothing wrong and pled not guilty . His trial was scheduled to begin in February . But a U.S. law enforcement official tells CNN that Grimm will appear before a Brooklyn judge at 1 p.m. on Tuesday and admit he deliberately misled the Internal Revenue Service , a move that throws his congressional future into jeopardy . Federal prosecutors say Grimm failed to report $ 1 million from his restaurant business in Manhattan prior to his 2010 election to Congress . Democrats hoped the federal indictment against the House Republican last spring would mean Grimm 's constituents would toss him out . But despite efforts by his Democratic opponent , Domenic Recchia , to paint him as corrupt , Grimm was easily re-elected in November for third term . Grimm attracted national attention last year even before his high-profile legal troubles when he threatened to throw a reporter over a Capitol Hill balcony at the end of an interview . Grimm was captured on a hot mic after the President 's State of the Union speech berating the reporter for pressing him on allegations of wrongdoing . He later apologized for his behavior . Grimm gave up his seat on the House Financial Services Committee after he was charged , but repeatedly insisted he would be "  fully exonerated . " The House Ethics Committee began an investigation into Grimm 's activities last spring , but recently announced it was deferring action on the matter at the request of the Justice Department . With Grimm 's new plea , the committee could decide early next year to renew its investigation and consider some type of punishment . There will also likely be pressure on Grimm to step down from Congress . Grimm 's congressional office and his attorney did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment .	New York Rep. Michael Grimm , a Republican , is expected to plead guilty to tax evasion , per a source Grimm was indicted in April on 20 counts , including filing false tax returns and mail fraud Grimm will appear before a Brooklyn judge at 1 p.m. on Tuesday , according to a law enforcement official
The premier of Taiwan announced his resignation on Saturday after losing the first election since protests erupted over a controversial trade deal with mainland China . The move by Jiang Yi-huah sets the stage for significant turnover , and possibly reforms , in the East Asian island . Jiang said he 'd step down after his ruling Kuomintang placed second in Saturday 's election , with just over 40 % support . The day 's top vote-getter was the Democratic Progressive Party , with more than 47 % of the vote . The election came months after protesters from what Taiwanese media dubbed the "  Sunflower Movement " occupied Taiwan 's parliament and hit the streets to rail against the trade agreement between Taiwan and mainland China , its longtime adversary , which was signed in Shanghai last year . Taiwan police clash with students over trade deal Critics claimed the deal would threaten small businesses in Taiwan and give China greater influence in the island state . The public uproar held up the trade agreement , and soured relations between China and Taiwan -- officially the People 's Republic of China and the Republic of China . Although the two separated in 1949 following a civil war , China still claims Taiwan as its territory . To this day , China is reported to have missiles pointed at the island . Yet there also have been recent signs of tensions thawing between the two . For instance , many Taiwanese companies have moved factories to China , while Chinese banks now operate on the island . Six years ago no direct flights existed between the island and the mainland ; today there are hundreds of flights a week and tourists are flooding in .	Taiwan 's Premier Jiang Yi-huah says he will step down His ruling party came in second in elections Saturday Protests erupted last spring over a Taiwan-China trade deal
Remember that scene at the end of that Facebook Movie  "  The Social Network "  when Mark Zuckerberg 's character sits alone at a computer screen hitting the refresh button over and over again -- stuck in a loop of anxiety and longing ? That 's how I felt last week . On June 10 , to re-launch a CNN Opinion project called Change the List , my editors and I put forward 20 story ideas for your consideration -- and I agreed to do whatever five stories got the most votes . Meantime , a colleague of mine created an internal Web page so I could monitor , in all-the-time-real-time , which stories were leading the race . That internal website , which had a yellow banner that said , "  CONFIDENTIAL : For internal use only " at the top of it , was titled "  How John 's going to be spending the rest of 2013 . " I was nervous about the results because I was excited to know what I would be reporting on , of course -- but , more importantly , because the topics CNN 's editors put forward really do matter : the most dangerous roads in the world ; America 's failing education system ; the country where 1 in 100 live births kills the mother . These stories could make a difference . So I checked that website again and again , to the point I briefly developed an eye twitch . This is n't like me , by the way . I 'm the kind of person who  usually  sits through dinner without reading texts . But for the seven days the poll was open I turned into some sort of one-function cyborg . Must . Check . Leaders . I 'm pleased to tell you the wait is finally over . My eye twitch has subsided and normal life can resume . At 2 p.m. on Monday we closed the poll . And here are the results . These are the Change the List stories for the next year -- with one wild-card topic still to be determined by my editors  who I 'm being reallllly nice to this week  . 1 . America 's widening rich-poor gap  16,789 votes 2 . Illegal animal trade  13,276 votes 3 . Where rape is most common  12,996 4 . The world 's poorest children  12,820 5 . America 's most endangered river  12,002 Each story will focus on an extreme case -- the state with the widest rich-poor gap or the place where rape is most common . Together we 'll try to start a conversation that could , in the long run , bump these places off the bottom of their respective lists . I 'll announce the first story soon and will reveal the focus of each story  which river is the most endangered , for instance  during the reporting process . I love that each of these stories was chosen by you . I see that as a mandate of sorts . When journalists pitch big projects they sometimes wonder , "  Is this really the best use of my time ? " I do n't have those doubts with Change the List . I know I 'm working on your behalf -- on the topics you 've deemed most important . This is journalism as democracy -- rebalanced to give you power . You 're the boss . That 's the way it should be . I also think this vote created a pact between us . I know that you 'll have my back as I tackle these subjects and ask for your help in gathering info and pushing for change . These are subjects that are too massive to take on alone . I 'll need your help . I 'll leave you with the rest of the list just so you can get a sense of what your peers on the Internet value . As I wrote last week , I was surprised by these numbers -- not the fact that 32,546 ballots were submitted , but because a story about the economy finished at the top of the list , and several ideas I found to be most interesting  the country with 100,000 new cases of leprosy per year ; the place in the United States without Internet access  received relatively few votes . About half of you picked the income inequality story , the winner , which would have been near the bottom of my ballot . Only 9 % of the ballots submitted included the leprosy story , which would have been my top pick . All these are worthy subjects . But the vote gave me pause . It made me re-evaluate my news judgment -- and realize how interesting and rewarding it can be to include your perspectives in the story-selection process . You see things I 'd miss on my own . And during the vote , you also gave me at least 97 story ideas that could be the basis for the wild card sixth story . How cool is that ? I hope you 'll follow this project over the coming months -- and participate in its creation . The Change the List homepage -- http://cnn.com/changethelist -- is one place to look for updates . We also have Tumblr , and my personal social networks are listed in the editor 's note at the top of the story . Thanks to all who voted . I 'm excited for this journey . I must have the best job in journalism . And it 's because I have all of you guiding me . Here 's the rest of the list , including vote totals : 6 . Where conflict is never-ending  11,566 7 . The state with the highest drop-out rate  10,372 8 . America 's most drug-dependent state  8,614 9 . The country ranked lower for free speech than North Korea  8,380 10 . The world 's deadliest roads  7,864 11 . Where women are n't in government  7,197 12 . Where you 're most likely to be locked up  6,810 13 . Where 9 in 10 do n't have toilets  6,332 14 . Where mothers die in childbirth  4,753 15 . Malaria at its deadliest  4,648 16 . Landmines still end lives  4,125 17 . Three countries stand in the way of polio eradication  3,901 18 . No Internet -- in the United States  3,823 19 . The saddest of the rich countries  3,682 20 . Where leprosy is still a scourge  2,781 Was your top story chosen ? Let us know in the comments .	CNN lets readers choose the topics for the new Change the List project John Sutter : More than 32,000 people voted . He will report on the five winners One winning story will focus on the state with the widest rich-poor gap Sutter : "  This is journalism as democracy ... You 're the boss "
CNN  -- No-one can fault U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry for lack of effort . He has just wrapped up his 10th visit to the Middle East in pursuit of a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinian Authority -- the most elusive prize in international diplomacy . Kerry has a vision , according to U.S. diplomats -- to climb the mountain with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , and to peer down from the summit on the valley of peace to see what a two-state solution would look like . It is a poetic metaphor , but more than half-way into the nine-month timetable for reaching a framework agreement , Kerry 's partners are still bickering in the foothills . The more pessimistic observers -- with history on their side -- say both the Israelis and Palestinians are positioning themselves to be able to blame the other for failure . Kerry 's aim is to gather together all the issues -- "  borders , security , refugees , Jerusalem , mutual recognition , and the end of conflict and of all claims " -- in this framework agreement , which would in his words "  lay out the end-game , " the parameters for a final peace settlement . The U. . S and its partners would then help the two parties hammer out the details . Kerry himself has acknowledged how difficult the climb would be -- choosing another metaphor while shuttling through the region last week . "  In the end all of these core issues fit together like a mosaic , like a puzzle and you ca n't separate out one piece or another , " he said . "  The last pieces may decide to fall into place , or may fall on the floor , and leave the puzzle unfinished . " Kerry dropped hints about progress last week , saying after meeting Abbas that talks had "  fleshed out and even resolved " certain kinds of issues . U.S. envoy Martin Indyk will stay in the region to follow up on last week 's talks and the secretary himself will likely return within weeks . But at the same time , both parties are busy blaming the other for obstructing the process . Netanyahu , with Kerry at his side , accused the Palestinian Authority of continuing "  unabated incitement against the State of Israel " over the past six months . "  A few days ago in Ramallah , President Abbas embraced terrorists as heroes , " he said , referring to the welcome given to Palestinian prisoners released by Israel . Borders and Jewish settlements are likely to be the most difficult piece of Kerry 's puzzle . The Israeli government is expected to announce plans in the next few days for building 1,400 new homes in the West Bank , a move guaranteed to infuriate the Palestinians . A senior U.S. State Department official said last week that "  the settlement activity that has been going on has created a lot of questions on the Palestinian side and in the international community about the intentions of the Government of Israel . " Nearly half-a-million Jews now live in settlements in occupied territory , and Israeli sources maintain that the largest -- such as those in Hebron and Beit El -- would not be surrendered on any settlement . President Obama laid out Washington 's principles two years ago , saying that "  the Palestinian people must have the right to govern themselves , and reach their potential , in a sovereign and contiguous state . " That state should be based on the 1967 land boundaries -- before Israel seized east Jerusalem and the West Bank -- plus swaps to take account of developments since . Netanyahu shot back that a return to such borders would imperil Israel 's security . "  Remember that before 1967 , Israel was all of nine miles wide , half the width of the Washington beltway , " he said while meeting Obama . Many Israeli officials insist that today -- in the face of growing instability in the region and a resurgence of militant Islamist groups -- the Jewish state must maintain a military presence in the Jordan Valley as the only way to defend the country 's eastern border , providing some strategic depth . And that presence , they maintain , could only be sustained by a secure road cutting through the heart of the West Bank . Some within Israel 's coalition government even want to annex Jewish settlements in the fertile Jordan Valley , potentially the bread-basket of a new Palestinian state , and home to nearly 30 % of Palestinians living in the West Bank . The proposal is unlikely to go anywhere , but demonstrates the internal difficulties that face Netanyahu in any push toward a final settlement . Whatever is going on behind closed doors , Israel and the Palestinians seem in public no closer to compromise on other core issues . Both continue to claim Jerusalem as their capital . The Palestinians reject outright Netanyahu 's demand that they recognize Israel as a Jewish state , fearing that to do so would disenfranchise 1.5 million Israeli Arabs . Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman says he has an answer for that -- move the border so that the main concentrations of Israeli Arabs will live within a Palestinian state . In Kerry 's favor is a recognition among many Israelis that the current environment may offer the best opportunity to strike a deal , with much of the Arab world in disarray and long-term population trends threatening to leave the Jews a minority in their own homeland . Lieberman himself said on Friday that Kerry 's framework was the best Israel could expect and "  any other proposal from the international community wo n't be as good . " Former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert chimed in , saying "  there 's nothing that will change our lives so substantially , nothing that could negatively impact our lives , more than the existence or absence of a peace agreement between us and Palestinians as soon as possible . " And in an editorial , the Israeli daily Haaretz said Netanyahu -- and Israel -- could not afford to be seen as the spoiler . "  An Israeli refusal would put Israel on the South African track , banishing it to the punishment corner , a disgrace to the family of nations . An Israeli refusal would endanger its intimate alliance with the United States , on which its national security and economic wellbeing are based . An Israeli refusal would play into the Iranians ' hands , " Haaretz wrote . Kerry seemed to hint at this dilemma when he said : "  The time is soon arriving where leaders are going to have to make difficult decisions . " Through intensive diplomacy the U.S. Secretary of State is trying to build momentum and to get both Netanyahu and Abbas to make a leap of faith despite the skepticism and outright opposition they both face at home . By phone , in person , through his support team , Kerry is not giving either party a moment to drift backwards . The self-imposed timetable calls for a framework agreement to be reached by April . Publicly , that remains the target . But one senior State Department official says with masterly understatement : "  From my 35-year experience on this particular conflict and the efforts to resolve it , it always takes longer than you think . "	Through intensive diplomacy the U.S. Secretary of State is trying to build momentum in Middle East peace talks Borders and Jewish settlements are likely to be the most difficult piece of Kerry 's puzzle Some within Israel 's coalition government want to annex Jewish settlements in the fertile Jordan Valley
CNN  -- Next time there 's a mass shooting , do n't jump to blame the National Rifle Association and lax gun laws . Look first at the shooter and the mental health services he did or did n't get , and the commitment laws in the state where the shooting took place . Strengthening gun control wo n't stop the next mass shooter , but changing our attitudes , the treatment options we offer and the laws for holding the mentally unstable and mentally ill for treatment just might . Take the case of the recent mass shooting incident in Isla Vista , California . Police say Elliot Rodger went on a killing spree near the University of California campus in Santa Barbara , shooting and stabbing victims , killing six and wounding 13 before he killed himself . He had legally purchased three guns , passed a federal background check and met several other requirements in one of the most liberal states with the toughest gun control laws in the country . California was one of eight states that passed major gun reforms in the wake of 2012 's Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting , in which a lone gunman killed 20 children and six adults . In fact California 's gun control laws received an "  A - " grade from both The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence and the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence , the Los Angeles Times reported . In this climate , how did Rodger succeed in his lethal plan ? It was n't the gun laws , it was the lack of common sense mental commitment laws . A 2014 report by the Treatment Advocacy Center , a nonprofit aimed at removing the stigma of mental illness and barriers to treatment , analyzed the state of mental commitment laws state by state , looking at both the "  quality of involuntary treatment  civil commitment  laws which facilitate emergency hospitalization during a psychiatric emergency and the availability of court orders mandating continued treatment as a condition of living in a community . " On virtually all counts , California received an "  F "  it got a "  C " on emergency evaluation  . In Rodger 's case , a friend concerned about alarming videos he 'd posted on YouTube had alerted a county mental health staff member , and police had conferred with his mother , but this was not enough to get him committed . Under California 's Welfare and Institutions Code Section 5150 , a person must be a danger to himself or others before he can be held for 72 hours for evaluation , and the standard is even higher to mandate treatment . Police visiting Rodger found him to be "  polite and courteous " and not an apparent danger , so they had no authority to detain him or search his home for weapons to seize . The reason had nothing to do with gun laws . It had to do with the commitment laws in California . We need to adopt a nationwide standard for involuntary civil commitment , and that standard should be "  need for treatment . " If a family member , law enforcement officer or mental health professional is concerned about the well-being of an individual , they should be able to have that individual held for a mental health evaluation . Indeed , the Treatment Advocacy Center 's report describes the exact situation police found themselves in when they conducted that "  well-being " check on Rodger : "  But what if the person is neither threatening violence against anyone nor at any apparent imminent risk of injuring himself ? What if the concern spurring the family member to seek help is simply that the person is suffering , tormented by terrifying delusions , yet somehow unaware that he is ill ? Do we as a society have reason to intervene ? To answer ` yes , ' we must believe there is a compelling societal imperative beyond preventing imminent injury or death -- an imperative to liberate a person from a hellish existence he would never -- in his ` right mind ' -- choose . " The truth is that commitment laws should n't be a stopgap to prevent imminent harm , but rather seen as an essential tool to help a loved one needing treatment before things reach the imminent harm stage . Next , we 've got to connect the dots between mental health records and National Instant Background Check . In 2014 , Mayors Against Illegal Guns released a report calling for states to close this gap . It found that 11 states and the District of Columbia have no reporting laws , and another 12 states have submitted fewer than 100 mental health records to the national background check system . But connecting the dots wo n't help unless every gun sale is subject to an instant background check imposed on all licensed gun retailers . And finally , the police need tools as well . They need training and the discretion to ask about and remove guns from any household where there is a domestic dispute , a call for a "  well-being check , " or a person who exhibits violent or unstable behavior . They also need a mental health professional on call for such checks . Connecticut , Indiana and , yes , even Texas have firearms seizure statutes aimed at dangerous persons . Laws like these enable the police to temporarily remove guns from someone who is exhibiting dangerous behavior until a judge can make a final determination on fitness for gun ownership based on evidence presented at a hearing . I know what you 're thinking . "  This will only penalize gun owners . Most gun owners are law-abiding citizens . " You 're right . And most gun owners believe in responsible ownership and agree that these mental health measures make sense You may also be thinking : "  But most people suffering from serious mental illness are nonviolent . " You 're right about that , too . Indeed , mentally ill people only account for a small fraction of the gun deaths in America every year and the vast majority of those are suicide , not homicide . Violence by the mentally ill is usually a symptom of the untreated mental illness -- that 's why access to treatment , not gun control , is the answer . Overhauling mental health laws would give family members and professionals more responsibility and authority in care decisions . And in some cases , medications and therapies should not be optional . We 've got a major problem on our hands . And since guns are n't going anywhere , the discussion about solutions needs to place the focus somewhere else . Even the NRA agrees that the seriously mentally ill should never own a gun . So let 's finally do something about it .	Mel Robbins : When there 's a mass shooting , do n't blame NRA , blame mental health laws She says we must adopt nationwide "  need for treatment " standard for civil commitment She says mental health laws prevented cops from holding Isla Vista shooter before rampage Robbins : Fixing mental health laws would give families , professionals more control
CNN  -- Joe Woyjeck last talked to his son Kevin , the outdoors enthusiast who took up his father 's firefighting profession , on the phone just hours before Kevin died . "  He said , ` Dad , we got a fire in Yarnell , Arizona . ... I 'll give you a call later , ' " the elder Woyjeck told "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Monday . Joe Woyjeck is having a hard time accepting that he wo n't get that return call . Kevin Woyjeck , 21 , was one of 19 members of an elite Arizona firefighting unit who died Sunday while battling the Yarnell Hill wildfire , which has consumed more than 8,400 acres northwest of Phoenix . The deaths are under investigation , but officials have said it appears the 19 were forced to lie down under fire shelters , blankets meant to protect against flames and heat , as a last resort against an inferno that overwhelmed them . Kevin Woyjeck , following in the footsteps of his father , a Los Angeles County Fire Department fire captain , joined the Prescott Fire Department 's Granite Mountain Hotshots just three months ago , Joe Woyjeck said . For Hotshot firefighters , no such thing as a routine wildfire He appeared suited for a hotshot crew , a group of top-shelf wildfire battlers who are called to get close to the blaze , dig barriers and clear out the brush and other material that otherwise would fuel it . "  Always wanted to be a fireman . He loved the outdoors . Sleeping in the dirt was not a big deal to him ; he actually enjoyed it , I think , " Joe Woyjeck said , remembering a son who always had a fishing rod in his car . "  Just a great kid , not a mean bone in his body ... always looking forward to becoming a firefighter like his dad . "  Words ca n't describe the loss that our family is feeling right now . " Kevin Woyjeck was n't the only firefighter 's son in the Granite Mountain crew . Christopher MacKenzie , 30 , was the son of Mike MacKenzie , a retired captain for the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection . The Granite Mountain Hotshots were a largely youthful group :14 were in their 20s . The eldest , unit superintendent Eric Marsh , was 43 . The 19 firefighters who were killed Sunday Also killed Sunday were : Andrew Ashcraft , 29 ; Robert Caldwell , 23 ; Travis Carter , 31 ; Dustin Deford , 24 ; Grant McKee , 21 ; Sean Misner , 26 ; Scott Norris , 28 ; Wade Parker , 22 ; John Percin , 24 ; Anthony Rose , 23 ; Jesse Steed , 36 ; Joe Thurston , 32 ; Travis Turbyfill , 27 ; William Warneke , 25 ; Clayton Whitted , 28 ; and Garret Zuppiger , 27 . "  It 's a younger man 's game , " Prescott Fire Chief Dan Fraijo told reporters Monday . "  These people keep themselves in exceptional condition . They have considerable weight to carry , and they walk  miles  to get to strategic locations . " The physical challenge appealed to Ashcraft , a father and husband who wanted to be a firefighter since middle school . Ashcraft "  wanted to do hotshot work until he physically no longer could do it " and trained feverishly , said his mother , Deborah Pfingston . Deployed for the summer , the group missed their families but enjoyed the camaraderie , Pfingston told CNN on Monday . "  They loved each other . It was almost a band of brothers . These guys ate together , they slept on the ground together when they were fighting fires , these were his comrades , " she said . The group 's website speaks to their fitness : "  Environmental extremes , long hours , bad food , and steep , rugged terrain , demand that we train early and often by running and hiking , doing core exercises , yoga , and weight training . " Joe Woyjeck said his son "  wanted to be in the weeds , because I started out as a wildland firefighter . " "  He worked out as a cross country runner ,  but  he did n't even excel in running until he graduated from high school , because he knew the hotshot thing , you had to be the best , " he said . Now , the elder Woyjeck says he and his wife feel stuck in a sleepless nightmare , coming to terms with their loss . "  My wife and I and our daughter and my other son have kind of sheltered ourselves from the exact incident , " he said . "  When the time is right , we 'll dig in and figure out exactly what happened . " Wildfires : Fast facts CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	19 members of a "  hotshot " team from Prescott died in an Arizona wildfire Sunday Kevin Woyjeck was a son of a Los Angeles County fire captain Woyjeck always looked "  forward to becoming a firefighter like his dad , " dad says Andrew Ashcraft , 29 , wanted to do hotshot work until he physically could n't , mom says
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has tossed out a lower court ruling that nullified the death sentence for former Black Panther Mumia Abu-Jamal , who was convicted of gunning down a Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , police officer more than 28 years ago . He has been an outspoken activist from behind bars , claiming there were procedural errors during his capital sentencing , and that too few blacks were on the jury . Pennsylvania officials were appealing a federal court ruling on the sentencing question that went in Abu-Jamal 's favor in 2008 . The justices made their announcement Monday , ordering a federal appeals court to revisit its earlier ruling granting a new sentencing hearing . The high court last year denied Abu-Jamal 's separate petition for a new trial . The appeals court now has the option of reimposing the death sentence or ordering a new federal trial to hear other claims of injustice raised by Abu-Jamal . The case has attracted international attention , amid charges of prosecutorial misconduct and the inmate 's outspoken personality . The onetime radio reporter and cab driver has been a divisive figure , with many prominent supporters arguing that racism pervaded his trial . Others countered Abu-Jamal is using his skin color to escape responsibility for his actions . They say he has provoked community unrest for years with his provocative writings and advocacy . He was convicted for the December 9 , 1981 , murder of Officer Daniel Faulkner , 25 , in Philadelphia . Faulkner had pulled over Abu-Jamal 's brother in a late-night traffic stop . Witnesses said Abu-Jamal , who was nearby , ran over and shot the policeman in the back and in the head . Abu-Jamal , once known as Wesley Cook , was wounded in the encounter and later confessed to the killing , according to other witness testimony . Incarcerated for nearly three decades , Abu-Jamal has been an active critic of the criminal justice system . On a Web site created by friends last year to promote the release of Abu-Jamal 's latest book , he wrote : "  This is the story of law learned , not in the ivory towers of multibillion-dollar endowed universities but in the bowels of the slave ship , in the hidden , dank dungeons of America . " Chief defense attorney Robert Bryan had made jury selection a key component in the various appeals filed over the years . Ten whites and two blacks made up the original jury panel that sentenced Abu-Jamal to death . Faulkner 's widow , Maureen , has written "  Murdered by Mumia : A Life Sentence of Loss , Pain and Injustice , " a book in the slain officer 's memory . In it she writes about her efforts to hold Abu-Jamal accountable for his crimes . A three-judge panel of the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals had kept the murder conviction in place , but ordered a new capital sentencing hearing . That court ultimately concluded the jury was improperly instructed on how to weigh "  mitigating factors " offered by the defense that might have kept Abu-Jamal off death row . Pennsylvania law at the time said jurors did not have to unanimously agree on a mitigating circumstance , such as the fact that Abu-Jamal had no prior criminal record . Months before that ruling , oral arguments on the issue were contentious . Faulkner 's widow and Abu-Jamal 's brother attended , and demonstrations on both sides were held outside the courtroom in downtown Philadelphia . The justices in the order on Monday cited their ruling last week on a separate capital case on when capital defendants can cite an inadequate defense in later appeals . Many prominent groups and individuals , including singer Harry Belafonte , the NAACP and the European Parliament , are cited on his Web site as supporters . Prosecutors have insisted Abu-Jamal pay the ultimate price for his crime and have aggressively resisted efforts to take him off death row . "  This assassination has been made a circus by those people in the world and this city who believe falsely that Mumia Abu-Jamal is some kind of a folk hero , " then-Philadelphia District Attorney Lynne Abraham said when the federal appeals court upheld the conviction . "  He is nothing short of an assassin . " Abraham retired from her post this month .	Ex-Black Panther Mumia Abu-Jamal sentenced to death for killing Philadelphia police officer He says there were procedural errors during his sentencing , too few blacks on the jury Appeals court can now impose death sentence or order new trial to hear claims of injustice "  He is nothing short of an assassin . " former Philadelphia district attorney says
Rolling Stone  -- "  I went through a few roller coasters , " says Taylor Swift , reflecting on her relationships over the past two years . She channeled the turmoil into her fourth studio LP , "  Red , " out October 22 . "  Trying to chronicle each step of the way was challenging , because you go to some really dark places with the lyrics . Then in the next track , you 're talking about how amazing it is to meet somebody new . " After writing 2010 's smash "  Speak Now " by herself , Swift veered in the opposite direction , co-writing with pop hitmakers such as Max Martin and Adele collaborator Dan Wilson . She wound up with nearly 40 potential songs ; in between stops on the yearlong world tour that she wrapped in March , Swift joined her writing partners in L.A. and Nashville . "  I felt like an apprentice , " Swift says . "  They taught me so much about melodic sense , and they let me do what I love , which is the lyrics . " The result is Swift 's most eclectic set ever , ranging from "  State of Grace , " a howling , U2-style epic with reverb-drenched guitars , to a sweet acoustic duet with U.K. singer Ed Sheeran . Another key track even features a dubstep-inspired bass breakdown . So far , the new direction is n't hurting Swift 's career : Lead single "  We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together , " a bitter breakup anthem with a hip-hop-flavored Max Martin beat , has shattered chart records , selling a stunning 623,000 digital singles in its first week . Taylor Swift to Release New ` Red ' Album in October To Swift , the musical excursions are n't surprising , given how much hip-hop and R&B she listens to . "  I have so many play-lists full of Rihanna , Nicki Minaj , Lil Wayne , Chris Brown , " she says . "  I love Wiz Khalifa . " Lyrically , the album is full of Swift 's usual themes of romance and heartbreak . "  I know general things about love , " she says . "  How to treat people well , what you deserve and when to walk away . Other than that , love is a complete mystery -- and that 's why I like to write about it . " Taylor Swift : My Fourth Album Is About ` Crash-and-Burn Heartbreak ' Swift has spent much of the summer with her new boyfriend , Conor Kennedy  the son of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.  , in Hyannis Port , Massachusetts . She 's even looked into buying a house near the Kennedy compound . "  That would be so amazing , " she says . But Swift wo n't be resting for long : She 's already thinking about how to top her last tour , which featured aerialists , costume changes and a mock wedding onstage every night . "  I really want to go out on the road in the spring , " she says . "  After I write a song , I always end up laying awake at night thinking , ` What are the lighting cues going to be on this ? How big is the pit going to be ? ' I have been thinking of some big moments that are going to happen . " Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Lyrically , "  Red " is full of Swift 's usual themes of romance and heartbreak Swift co-wrote "  Red " with pop hitmakers such as Max Martin and Adele collaborator Dan Wilson The album , which features "  We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together , " is due out on October 22
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The British government announced Friday that more than 4,000 former Gurkha soldiers are entitled to settle in Britain , but Gurkha supporters quickly denounced the measure as meaningless . Former Gurkha solider Tulbahadur Pun was awarded Britain 's highest honor for bravery , the Victoria Cross . Supporters have fought for years for more rights for the Gurkhas , Nepalese soldiers who have been part of the British Army for nearly 200 years . Gurkhas have fought alongside the British Armed Forces in every conflict in that period , including both world wars , and are known for their ferocity and pride . Despite their centuries of service , Gurkhas were not given the right to settle in the United Kingdom until 2004 . And even then the order applied only to those discharged after the British handover of Hong Kong to China in 1997 , when the Gurkhas Brigade moved from Hong Kong to Britain . The government 's announcement Friday applies to all Gurkhas , including those who left the army before 1997 , if they meet one of five criteria . It also says around 6,000 of the Gurkhas ' dependents may be able to apply for settlement in Britain as well . "  The guidance honors the service , commitment , and gallantry of those who served with the Gurkhas Brigade , " Border and Immigration Minister Phil Woolas said in a written statement . The Gurkha Justice Campaign , however , said the government 's criteria for the Gurkhas ' resettlement are unrealistic and too difficult for many of the soldiers to meet . "  Only a tiny fraction of the Gurkhas who retired before 1997 will win settlement rights under the new policy , " the campaign said . "  The campaign for full Gurkha justice will now be taken back into Parliament and the courts . The government needs to know they will have a huge campaign against them who will commit to righting this wrong . " The High Court ruled last September that the 1997 cut-off date was fair , but added that caseworkers needed revised guidance on deciding the cases of Gurkhas discharged before that date . Under the guidance , Gurkhas discharged before 1997 must meet one of five criteria to be considered for resettlement in Britain : • Have three years ' continuous residence in Britain , before or after service ; • Have close family settled in the United Kingdom ; • Have an award for gallantry , leadership , or bravery while in the brigade ; • Have a chronic medical condition attributable to or made worse by army service ; • Have served for 20 or more years . Actress Joanna Lumley , whose father served in the Gurkhas while she was a girl , has been an outspoken campaigner for their rights . She said the new criteria are harsher than she expected . "  They 've given five bullet points which virtually can not be met by the ordinary Gurkha soldier , " Lumley told reporters Friday . "  This one page of criteria has taken the government four months to come up with . It has made me ashamed of our administration . " She said most Gurkhas are allowed to stay in the United Kingdom for only two years , so three years of continuous residence is not possible . Most Gurkhas , she said , also have not been allowed to settle in Britain with their families . The requirement for having won an award discriminates against the ordinary soldier who has no award , she said . "  This sends out not only to the Gurkha soldiers , but to our own men fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq , the most appalling message : that unless you have been awarded a medal for gallantry , you 're not a real soldier , " Lumley said . Only officers are allowed to serve 20 or more years , she said , so most riflemen will not qualify for the service requirement . And proving that an injury is related to army service will be nearly impossible for most , she said . "  How on earth are men who were injured in the 1940s , '50s , '60s going to be able to prove that their long-term chronic illness is attributable to injures received during their service ? " she said . A Home Office spokesman said the government believes hundreds of Gurkhas will still be eligible to settle in Britain . "  We would not accept that , " the spokesman said of Lumley 's criticisms . "  We would say that the criteria as we see it is fair and balanced . " The Gurkha brigade originated in the 19th century with Nepalese soldiers who impressed British imperial troops with their ferocity and military ability . The first Gurkha units were formed in 1815 . They saw action in both world wars and were fundamental to the British military maintaining control of India in the 1800s . Today there are 3,400 troops in the Gurkha brigade , operating from bases in Great Britain . Most recently , Gurkha troops were used in the Persian Gulf War and the Balkan conflicts .	British government unveils moves to let more former Gurkha troops live in the UK Gurkhas are part of British armed forces made up of Nepalese fighters Campaigners say qualifying criteria mean most will not be able to settle in UK First Gurkha units formed in 1815 and they fought in every campaign since
CNN  -- Rapper Gucci Mane made his first court appearance Wednesday on charges of aggravated assault and aggravated battery in connection with an alleged attack at an Atlanta night club , the Fulton County Sheriff 's Office said . Mane , whose real name is Radric Davis , was denied bond , authorities said , and he will remain in the Fulton County Jail until April 10 . The performer turned himself in to authorities Tuesday night after police issued a warrant for his arrest . Mane , 33 , is accused of hitting a man over the head with a champagne bottle at Atlanta 's Harlem Nights Ultra Lounge club . The man told police the incident occurred after he tried to strike up a conversation with the rapper . "  I 'm in the military . I wanted to get a picture with Gucci Mane , " he told CNN affiliate WSB-TV in Atlanta . "  I was speaking to the security guard , and Gucci Mane hit me in the head with a bottle . " According to police , the man was left with "  a deep gash " on his head after the reported incident . CNN 's Breeanna Hare and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	Rapper Gucci Mane made his first court appearance Wednesday He faced charges of aggravated assault and aggravated battery The rapper was denied bond , authorities said He 'll remain in Fulton County Jail until April 10
CNN  -- Autonomous vehicles , levitating trains and supersonic tubes have all been suggested as radical ways to transport us faster as the new urban age approaches , but it seems the real secret to a faster commute has been with us all along -- the bus . Bus rapid transit  BRT  systems are paving the way for sustainable , efficient , and affordable travel and now operate in 181 cities worldwide . But they 're not just your regular bus service . Exclusive bus lanes dominate the center of roads , prepaid tickets prevent delays when boarding and raised platforms at bus stops make you level with the bus floor to get on . These small details all make for a smooth , slick service to help you reach your destination in record time and its nothing new , the first system was pioneered 40 years ago . The Rede Integrada de Transporte  RIT  in the town of Curitiba , Brazil began service in 1974 . Industrial growth saw the city 's population grow by 5.3 % per year in the 1970 's and this rapid influx of new people living and working in the city called for new urban design and led to this innovative use of buses in their own infrastructure by the mayor and architect Jaime Lerner . His design of a ` subway on wheels ' transported 50,000 people daily back in the 80s and today sees over 2 million passengers step on board each day . Six circular routes radiate around the city in both directions and in dedicated lanes , enabling frequent services . Colour-coding of buses also makes it easier to know if you ; re on the right track . This bus-based infrastructure is significantly cheaper to build than going underground like the metro systems seen in other cities such as London and New York . Thirty-three cities in Brazil now host a BRT , as well as a further 26 across the rest of Latin America . The continent is setting the example for the field but has its own social challenges to overcome with its users . One of the main goals of these systems is to remove the social snobbery associated with taking the bus by offering a faster service that people ca n't refuse . This was accomplished in Curitiba when the buses first appeared but new high-income earners are offering resistance . Curitiba has one of Brazil 's highest per capita ownership of private cars . The city 's mayor Gustav Fruet is concerned he must convert a new generation . "  Cars are so accessible and relatively accessible , " says Fruet . "  We have to convert a new public and how ? Mainly with speed " . The lure is still faster travel but also convenience , with bus stops every 400 meters . But as with every growing city , populations begin to live further and further away from its epicenter . Human rights activist Luana Xavier Pinto feels the system no longer accommodates the working class who can no longer afford to live in the city and therefore within easy access to the BRT . "  They have been pushed to the metropolitan region where you do n't have good integration with the system ... they have to take longer and longer trips to get to work , " says Pinto . The city has tried to overcome this with bigger , longer buses which encompass three buses in one . The result is a high-capacity bus capable of carrying 250 passengers at once -- as many as a Boeing 787 . The priority now it to get people on board . The tried and tested technology of Curitiba has proven successful and the city has long been known as a laboratory for sustainability . So as the future approaches with daydreams of jetpacks and hovercrafts , the reality for us all may be not to miss the bus . Read more from Future Cities : Shared space , where the streets have no rules Invisible solar panels hidden in your windows ? They 're coming Hong Kong 's light pollution	The future of travel in cities could be to take the bus . Bus rapid transit systems  BRTs  are cheap , efficient ways to travel . BRTs are cheaper to build than traditional subway systems . Over 2 million people use the Rede Integrada de Transporte in Curitiba each day .
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Before heading out for a trio of well-publicized meetings with foreign dignitaries Tuesday , Sarah Palin received a briefing from the director of national security , Adm. Michael McConnell . Gov. Sarah Palin is in New York to meet with leaders from around the world . The appearances with world leaders , taking place on the sidelines of the United Nation 's General Assembly meetings in New York , come as the campaign of Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain tries to convince voters that Palin is ready for the world stage . Palin 's top foreign policy adviser informed reporters of the meeting at a small briefing after Palin 's visits with Afghan President Hamid Karzai , Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger . The adviser , Stephen Biegun , formerly a top member of the National Security Council under President Bush , characterized the intelligence briefing as "  routine " and said it was the sort of meeting that "  is standard for candidates for the vice president and president . " Biegun said several officials were present to brief Palin . Although Palin held photo-ops with the leaders , she refused to take questions from any reporters . The Alaska governor initially said that no reporters would be allowed to sit in on her meeting with Karzai . She planned to allow in only photographers and one television crew , but she changed her position after at least five U.S. news networks protested . CNN does not send cameras into candidate events where editorial presence is not allowed . Nonetheless , Biegun said , "  these are relationships that she intuitively understands are very important for the next president and vice president of the United States . " In those get-togethers , Palin kept the focus primarily on energy issues and the growing influence of Russia , according to Biegun . Palin found Kissinger particularly engrossing ; their meeting had been scheduled to last 30 minutes , but the two met for nearly an hour and a half . "  In talking to Dr. Kissinger , " Biegun said , "  she certainly had a lot of questions about how the United States can develop a cooperative relationship with Russia , what are some of the unique challenges to the current state of Russia 's political development , and having been in particular , some of the recent developments we 've seen with Russia : backsliding democracy , Russia 's incursion into Georgia . " Asked about her meetings with Karzai and Uribe , Biegun said Palin "  liked them very much " and "  established a great personal rapport . " With Karzai , Palin chatted for half an hour about McCain 's desire to send more U.S. troops to Afghanistan . With Uribe , she listened for about 20 minutes as the president discussed the country 's security situation and its handling of guerrillas . According to Biegun , "  rather than make specific policy prescriptions , she was largely listening , having an exchange of views , and also very interested in forming a relationship with people she met with today . " Biegun is helping prepare Palin for her debate with Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Joseph Biden on October 2 in St. Louis , Missouri . He would not say what specific topics Palin was concentrating on in her study sessions . James Hoge of the Council on Foreign Relations , said the Palin meetings are meant to "  show , just as -LSB- Democratic presidential nominee Sen. Barack -RSB- Obama did when he went to Germany and gave a speech in Berlin , that she is comfortable on the international scene , that she can hold her own in conversations with foreign leaders . Watch what 's on Palin 's agenda " Democrats warn that Palin 's carefully scripted photo-ops , some of which will include McCain , could backfire by bringing attention to the holes in her résumé . "  The big risk that they run with this strategy of having her meet with these leaders individually is that they end up with three days of stories about how she does n't have foreign policy experience , " said Hilary Rosen , a Democratic strategist and CNN contributor . But Republicans point out that Palin is just following in the footsteps of other national candidates such as Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton , former governors who needed to beef up their international policy credentials . "  The first thing you do is burnish their foreign policy credentials . You buy them a Rand-McNally , you meet with generals , you get a lot of flags on the stage , and you give a big speech on foreign policy to display you have some command of the world , " said Alex Castellanos , a Republican strategist and CNN contributor . As a 44-year-old governor who just got her passport last year , she has had to fend off accusations that she is not up to speed on foreign policy . In a recent interview with ABC , she admitted that she has never met with a head of state . Asked last week for specific skills she could cite to rebut critics who question her grasp of international affairs , she replied , "  I am prepared . " "  I have that confidence . I have that readiness , " Palin told voters at a town-hall meeting in Grand Rapids , Michigan . "  And if you want specifics with specific policies or countries , you can go ahead and ask me . You can play ` stump the candidate ' if you want to . But we are ready to serve . " McCain stepped in , pointing out that as governor of a state that has plenty of oil and gas , Palin was familiar with energy . She knows it to be "  one of our great national security challenges , " he said . He also cited her nearly two years as commander of Alaska 's National Guard . "  I believe she is absolutely , totally qualified to address every challenge as the next vice president of the United States , " McCain said . CNN 's Peter Hamby and Ed Henry contributed to this report .	Palin meets with world leaders on sidelines of U.N. world summit Meeting with Kissinger stretches into an hour and a half Palin debates Sen. Joe Biden next week in St. Louis , Missouri Palin has had to defend herself against charges she lacks foreign policy experience
New York  CNN  -- In an effort to control the city 's goose population and improve aviation safety , authorities slaughtered 1,676 Canada geese across New York last summer , according to a recent U.S. Department of Agriculture report . Officials from the agency 's Wildlife Service eliminated 89 % of the geese that reside within 7 miles of New York 's two major airports after a 2009 incident in which birds flew into the engines of US Airways Flight 1549 , the report said . The collision forced the pilot , Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger , to make a dramatic landing in the Hudson River . The report -- released in November -- called New York 's estimated 15,000 to 20,000 Canada geese "  a significant aviation safety hazard , " describing the population as "  five times the amount that most people would find socially acceptable . " But animal rights activists cry foul . "  I fly out of the New York airports and I want to be safe just as much as the next person , " said Stephen Zawistowski , a spokesman for The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals . "  But there are a combination of nonlethal alternatives such as habitat management and reproduction control that can be implemented to prevent the need for a mass euthanasia of Canada geese . " The number of geese euthanized in 2010 was up 441 from the previous year , the report said . The birds are generally rounded up when their feathers molt , rendering them unable to fly , said USDA Wildlife Services spokeswoman Carol Bannerman . They are then transported in crates and euthanized , she said . The practice began in 2004 at New York 's Riker 's Island -- used as one of the city 's primary prison complexes -- due to it 's proximity to LaGuardia Airport .	Authorities slaughter 1,676 Canada geese across New York last summer Officials eliminated 89 % of the geese near New York 's two major airports The number of geese euthanized in 2010 was up 441 from the previous year
CNN  -- On October 16 , 1962 , President John F. Kennedy confirmed the presence of Soviet nuclear missiles in Cuba , thus beginning one of the most dangerous moments in modern history -- the Cuban missile crisis . For the next 13 days , the United States and the Soviet Union would come frighteningly close to all-out nuclear war . Fifty years later , a new interactive multimedia documentary provides viewers with an unflinching look inside the critical event . "  Clouds Over Cuba " gives audiences a front-row seat to what could have been a catastrophe . Working closely with the John F. Kennedy Library , filmmakers were given unprecedented access to letters , memos , documents and imagery , which viewers can engage with as the documentary plays . Additionally , special real-time alerts can be set up to notify a viewer 's mobile devices to mirror the critical events of the 13-day crisis . And , perhaps its boldest feature , the site also offers a terrifying companion film which imagines what might have been , had the worst not been avoided half a century ago . In an interview with CNN , actor Matthew Modine , who narrates the film , explains his involvement with the project , talks about his admiration for Kennedy , and shares what a successful 30-year marriage can teach a man about the delicate art of diplomacy and negotiation . CNN : Let 's talk about "  Clouds Over Cuba . " Matthew Modine : OK , so this is an important documentary , because it enlightens a contemporary audience about the events that took place in the White House on the brink of a nuclear disaster between two superpowers . There 's information that so many millions of Americans are not aware of that took place between President Kennedy and  Soviet Premier Nikita  Khrushchev . It 's incredible to think how close we came to a nuclear holocaust . CNN : It gives me chills to think about . Now , 50 years later , I understand you and the filmmakers were given unprecedented access by the JFK Library to make this documentary . Is that right ? Modine : It is . A few years ago , I had the pleasure of reading a book about President Kennedy and his experiences as the captain of the PT-109 during the Second World War . And even if half the stuff in the book was an exaggeration , the 50 % that 's remaining makes me think that John Fitzgerald Kennedy was an absolute stud . And so now I have the honor of participating in this new John F. Kennedy documentary about the Cuban missile crisis . And intelligence and courage that he demonstrated against all odds is amazing . All of his advisers wanted him to engage Russia in a nuclear war , and he refused to take that route . He wanted to keep an open door policy and a conversation , a dialogue , with Khrushchev to avoid our two nations from going to war . It was through intelligence and negotiation that war was avoided . It just makes me love him and admire him all the more . CNN : In addition to the documentary and interactive materials like presidential memos , photos and expert testimony , tell me about this "  what if " scenario people can check out . Modine : Yeah , absolutely . It 's just terrifying . They hired actors to play the parts from the "  what if " scenario , and when I first sat down to watch that part of the story , I was thinking , "  Jeez , I do n't remember reading about that . I do n't remember Americans getting hit by a nuclear bomb from Cuba . I do n't remember the nuclear bomb being dropped on Cuba . " It 's so well-performed and written and filmed that you 'll think that you missed something about history . CNN : Is there a plan for giving this to schools ? Modine : The JFK Library wants to share it with as many people as possible , not just at the library , but online and on television . So , it depends on who becomes the next president of the United States . If Mitt Romney gets his way , there wo n't be any more public broadcasting . And this is an example of why PBS is important -- because it can bring these kinds of stories to the American people , to help educate us and help us learn why peaceful negotiation is more beneficial than hawkish behavior . CNN : You 've been married since 1980 . I bet you know a few tricks about peaceful negotiation . Modine : I think I could teach John F. Kennedy a thing or two about the art of negotiation !  laughter  Love and marriage are complicated things . Fortunately , I was very good friends with my wife before I fell in love with her . Love is something that is forever changing and metamorphosing . And what you hope , and occasionally get lucky , is you have a partner who you can grow with and not grow apart from . I 've been very fortunate that the journey I 've been on with Cari Modine has been beautiful . CNN : That 's very nice to hear . I know a lot of your "  Full Metal Jacket " fans would love to hear that they are breathing new life into that film . Is there any chance of a remake or new chapter ? Modine : No , Stanley Kubrick would n't have it . Stanley Kubrick is no longer with us , but the fortunate thing is that you do n't need to remake the film . The unfortunate thing is that "  Full Metal Jacket " is timeless , because we 're still solving our differences with military might , rather that the lessons we learned from men like John F. Kennedy and the art of peaceful negotiations and diplomacy .	A new documentary provides viewers with a look at the Cuban missile crisis Actor Matthew Modine narrates "  Clouds Over Cuba " Modine : Documentary is important "  because it enlightens a contemporary audience "
Jeevan Maharjan has a different approach to human waste -- he considers it as wealth . Rather than flush it down the toilet , the 47-year-old Nepalese farmer collects it to spray on his crops . "  It 's three times better than chemical fertilizers , " he said , referring to yield of his fruit and vegetable crops after using human fertilizer compared to more conventional methods . As he walked across his 27,000 square feet of land in Siddhipur Village Development Committee on the outskirts of the capital Kathmandu , Maharjan said his method of fertilizing is nothing new . He described it as an "  age-old tradition , " passed down from his parents , though he says the approach is now more efficient and clean . Taking a few quick steps towards his ecological sanitation -- or ecosan -- toilet , Maharjan explained how it works . The urine and feces are stored in separate airtight compartments of the toilet , he said , for later use on the land . The urine is kept for about two weeks before it is used , while the feces , which is turned into manure , is used every six months . According to Janardan Khadka , a soil scientist at Nepal 's Central Horticulture Center , "  It is important to secure the urine container for two weeks to a month to reduce the risk from bacteria and other germs . " He said that urine can be used safely and the health risk associated with it is generally low . Khadka , however , pointed that users should be careful during source separation at the toilet as fecal cross contamination of urine could increase the health risks . "  It is best to mix urine with compost for best results , " he added . The World Health Organization 's guidelines for safe use of wastewater , excreta and greywater also underscore a mix of multiple health and safety measures . It states : "  Wastewater treatment plus a withholding period to allow pathogen die-off prior to harvest plus good food hygiene plus cooking of food may be sufficient to reduce health risks adequately . " Maharjan , who collects about 100 liters of urine from his family 's toilet each month , said for every liter of urine , he mixes three liters of water and sprays it over his land where he cultivates seasonal vegetables and fruits . Hari Krishna Upreti , senior scientist at the Nepal Agricultural Research Council 's  NRC  Botany Division , said urine was surprisingly rich in nutrients . According to Upreti , a liter of urine contains up to 0.9 % nitrogen , 0.12 % phosphorus and 0.26 % potassium These elements -- collectively known as NPK -- helps regulate the plants ' metabolism and contains enough protein for them to grow . "  A person urinates an average of 550 liters per year , " he said . "  So this produces some four kilograms of nitrogen , which is equivalent to eight kilograms of nitrogen-rich urea . " NARC conducted research between 2004 and 2006 in order to ascertain the risks and benefits associated with using urine as fertilizer . In separate plots of land , they evaluated the effectiveness of chemical fertilizer and urine . While the first year did n't demonstrate a good result , during the second year , the production was equal , Upreti said . But during the third year research , Upreti said they experimented with urine and compost , which according to him is the best nourishment for plants . Maharjan follows the same rule , and the results he said are "  clearly visible . " "  It also enhances the taste and quality of the vegetables , " he said . "  That 's why when I go to the market to sell , people come to me , and they do n't mind paying a few rupees extra . " He said at the market his vegetables are considered organic which helps them fetch a higher price . After finding out about the agricultural application of urine in Maharjan 's farm , his neighbors followed his lead . Sanjeev Maharjan , who lives a few houses away from Jeevan Maharjan , said he discovered this aspect of urine six years ago and has been using it since . His family has also invested in an ecosan toilet to make the process easier . "  We do n't use any chemical fertilizers now , " said the 24-year-old business student , who also dedicates his time on his family farm . "  The result , as you see , is distinct , " he said pointing toward the garlic shoots in his garden . In their village of Siddhipur , 100 of the 1,300 households use ecosan toilets , the by-product of which are directly used for agricultural purposes . The Environment and Public Health Organization was one of the first to initiate this project , along with other partners , in 2003 , has now expanded to more than 3,000 households across Nepal . Suman Kumar Shakya , executive director of ENPHO , said the growing links between sanitation and agriculture are encouraging . Speaking at a workshop organized to promote ecological sanitation , he said that the steps farmers are taking is "  a -LSB- positive -RSB- shift toward an organic culture . " Banking on the importance of urine , about 93 miles  150 kilometers  away from Kathmandu , in Chitwan district , users like Shreerendra Pokhrel are taking on the role of promoters . In his village of Darechowk , the school headmaster started the concept from his house in 2006 . Soon he was able to convince his neighbors as well as five schools to install ecosan toilets and couple cleanliness with cultivation . "  The children are learning about sanitation and the purpose of urine in farming and their families are implementing it and getting good results , " he said . For people like Maharjan and Pokhrel , along with other farmers who have traded urine for urea , it has opened up new possibilities -- the production is high and there 's no cost associated . "  People have started realizing the value of urine , " Jeevan said . "  It can do wonders in the farm , and it 's absolutely free . "	Growing numbers of farmers in Nepal are using human waste on crops It 's a free and efficient way to boost production and yield sells for higher price Special toilets separate the urine and feces and with compost they 're used on crops
CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot is meeting with investigators Thursday in the Netherlands in response to the recently released videotape in the Natalee Holloway case , his U.S.-based attorney said . Joran van der Sloot awaits transfer from the Netherlands to Aruba in November . He later was released . The exact location of that meeting was not disclosed , but van der Sloot 's attorney , Joe Tacopina , said his client has "  agreed to answer any questions . " In the video that aired Sunday on Dutch television , van der Sloot , a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Holloway , told a man he was with the Alabama teen on an Aruban beach when she apparently died and that a friend of his with a boat disposed of Holloway 's body . Van der Sloot later said the statements were lies , and on Monday , Tacopina said the video contains "  no admission of a crime . " The lawyer said facts in the case contradict two assertions van der Sloot made in the video , including that the boat-owner friend mentioned was n't in Aruba in May 2005 . Watch how video has brought new interest in case " Meanwhile , prosecutors are still awaiting a decision from a three-judge appellate panel on the nearby Caribbean island of Curacao as to whether van der Sloot can be arrested in reaction to the video . The chief prosecutor in Aruba , Hans Mos , was denied an initial attempt to arrest van der Sloot by the investigating judge last Sunday . The judge determined that numerous pretrial detentions of van der Sloot in the past have created a "  high bar " that current circumstances do not meet . The prosecutor appealed the judge 's decision on Tuesday , and the appellate panel will have eight days to respond . Holloway disappeared while visiting Aruba with about 100 classmates celebrating their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham , Alabama , and was last seen leaving a nightclub with van der Sloot and brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe . Mos dropped charges against the three men in December , saying he could n't be sure of a conviction . E-mail to a friend CNN Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .	Joran van der Sloot will answer questions about video story , lawyer said Van der Sloot said videotaped story of how woman died was lie Holloway disappeared in 2005 while on graduation trip to Aruba Meet journalist who uncovered van der Sloot tape ; tonight , 9 ET , "  Larry King Live "
CNN  -- The Texas Giant roller coaster is set to reopen this weekend , nearly two months after a woman plunged to her death on the ride . The roller coaster will reopen with new safety measures in place , Six Flags Over Texas said in a statement Tuesday , including redesigned restraint bar pads , new seat belts and a coaster seat at the ride 's entrance for visitors to test their fit before they get in line . The ride has been closed since July 19 , when Rosa Esparza fell out of a car and plummeted to her death . As park officials trumpeted the ride 's reopening , Esparza 's family filed a civil wrongful-death lawsuit Tuesday , accusing Six Flags of negligence . Police : No foul play seen in roller coaster death According to the lawsuit , Esparza 's daughter heard screams behind her and turned around to see her mother being thrown out of the car . She was thrown against the ride and then catapulted onto the metal roof of a tunnel below , the lawsuit says , dying from traumatic injuries she sustained . "  As Rosa Esparza 's tragic death starkly illustrates , errors on the part of the Six Flags Defendants turned a thrilling illusion into a nightmarish reality , " the lawsuit says . "  Customers of the park expect mock scares and delighted screams as they ride the Texas Giant roller-coaster , but they certainly do not expect to be placed in any real danger , whatsoever . " Opinion : Death by ` amusement ' Six Flags spokeswoman Sandra Daniels responded in a statement Thursday , "  While our thoughts and prayers remain with Ms. Esparza 's family and friends , there are a number of inaccuracies contained in the recent lawsuit and we intend to defend ourselves vigorously . " In their statement Tuesday , park officials said an investigation had revealed that there had been no mechanical failure on the ride . "  Due to litigation , the company is not releasing any further information about the outcome of the investigation , " the statement said . Texas state officials have approved the reopening of the ride , the statement said , adding that it had undergone extensive testing . Festival ride malfunction injures 12 children in Connecticut	Two months after a woman 's death , the Texas Giant is set to reopen Six Flags Over Texas says there were no mechanical failures The ride is reopening with new safety measures in place Rosa Esparza 's family has filed a civil wrongful death lawsuit
CNN  -- A 12-year-old male killer whale , who showed signs of being ill only the day before , died Tuesday afternoon at SeaWorld in San Diego , California , the park announced . The cause of death for Sumar wo n't be known until a necropsy is complete , SeaWorld said . Results may not be known for several weeks . "  It 's a very sad day , " spokesman Dave Koontz told CNN . "  He was a great young killer whale . He was sharp . " Sumar , who weighed about 5,000 pounds , had been at SeaWorld San Diego since 2001 , coming from an Ohio park . He was one of seven killer whales at SeaWorld and was able to exhibit about 100 "  behaviors , " Koontz said . The killer whale had no medical history or problems with behavior , the spokesman said , adding that there was no evidence of communicable disease . "  He had a great disposition . " "  Trainers had noticed that Sumar was acting lethargic yesterday  Monday  afternoon . Park veterinarians began a regimen of antibiotics to help try to stabilize his condition while they attempted to determine the cause of his illness , " a SeaWorld statement said . "  His condition worsened today and a decision was made to cancel the 12:30 p.m. Shamu show , so that trainers and veterinarians could continue to devote their full attention to Sumar . Despite these efforts , Sumar did not survive . " Sumar 's trainers and support staff were devastated by the sudden loss and are sharing stories , Koontz said . "  The loss of any animal is difficult , but that was even more so . " Orlando , Florida-based SeaWorld was recently fined $ 75,000 by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration for three safety violations , including one classified as willful , after an animal trainer was killed by a whale in Orlando in February . SeaWorld , which also has a location in San Antonio , Texas , said it would contest the violations . The last killer whale to die at the San Diego venue was Splash , who was sickly when SeaWorld adopted him . He was nursed back to health and lived 15 years until 2005 . No public memorial for Sumar is planned , although fans will be able to comment on the park 's Facebook page , Koontz said . SeaWorld said its shows would resume on schedule Wednesday .	Killer whale dies at SeaWorld in San Diego , California Sumar was lethargic Monday ; cause of death wo n't be known until necropsy is complete Sumar was able to exhibit about 100 "  behaviors "
CNN  -- Moments have defined the Olympic Games as much as individual accomplishments . Take a look at 10 snapshots in time that transcended sport and have become a part of history . Cathy Freeman in 2000 : Australia 's pride lights up Sydney with a golden smile . Freeman lights up Sydney : At the time , the 2000 Summer Games in Sydney , Australia , were declared the best Olympics ever . One performer , host country 's Cathy Freeman , stood above all other athletes .  Full story Dark cloud over sprinting : 1988 was the moment when athletics lost its innocence . Canadian Ben Johnson 's showdown against Carl Lewis in the 100-meter sprint turned into a headline-dominating doping scandal and a national disgrace for Canada .  Full story Budd v. Decker : Maricica Puica of Romania won the women 's 3,000 meters final in Los Angeles in 1984 . But everyone watching the race went away speaking of American Mary Decker and South African Zola Budd .  Full story Munich : In the early hours of September 5 , 1972 , there would have seemed nothing immediately untoward about the sight of nine men , wearing tracksuits and carrying sports bags emblazoned with the Olympic rings , demonstrating their athletic prowess by scaling the walls around the athletes ' compound .  Full story Beamon 's leap : Few feats can compare with the record-shattering leap that won American Bob Beamon the long jump gold medal in Mexico City in 1968 .  Full story Black power : Of all the many occasions on which the Games have been used as a stage for political dissent , however , few , if any , were as powerful or eloquent as the moment at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics when Tommie Smith and John Carlos stood on the winner 's podium and gave a Black Power salute in protest at continued racial oppression in their native United States .  Full story Bikila 's triumph : The fact that modern long distance running is so closely associated with athletes of east African origin is largely due to Abebe Bikila 's pioneering success in Rome in 1960 .  Full story Owens at Berlin : In the history of the modern Olympics few , if any , performances have captured the popular imagination in quite the same way as that of American Jesse Owens at the 1936 Berlin Games .  Full story 1956 : Blood in the water : Hungary 's water polo semifinal against the Soviet Union in Melbourne in 1956 may be unrivaled in the political symbolism it carried .  Full story Falling short in 1908 : Among the many memorable moments associated with the Olympic marathon , none are more infamous than Dorando Pietri 's failure to win the race in London in 1908 .  Full story	Olympic moments often transcend sport , with political overtones Modern Olympics have witnessed protests , suffered from terrorism Olympics often provide athletes stage to air views on society
