When the cheers subside in Tahrir Square , Mohamed Morsi will assume an Egyptian presidency straightjacketed by the country 's military , start work under intense international scrutiny and inherit a country on its back economically . He 'll face the skepticism of people like Mohamed Saleh , one of the throng that waited for Sunday 's declaration of Morsi 's victory in Tahrir Square . Even as he cheered the result , Saleh said the real power in Egypt still lies with the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which took power after the ouster of longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak . "  They do n't give us power . Mohamed Morsi is just a name of president , " Saleh said . "  He does n't have the power , SCAF has the power . " Egypt 's electoral commission declared Morsi the country 's president-elect Sunday after a runoff with Ahmed Shafik , a former air force general who served as Mubarak 's last prime minister . With the announcement of Morsi 's victory , cheers erupted in Tahrir Square , the Cairo plaza that was the center of the 2011 revolt that toppled Mubarak . Morsi urges unity in first speech His supporters already are pushing for a confrontation with the generals , who recently ordered an elected , Islamist-dominated parliament dissolved and announced they would retain legislative power for an indefinite time . "  Will the military council respect the Egyptian will or not ? " asked Abdoul Mawgoud Dardery , a member of parliament from Morsi 's Freedom and Justice Party , the political arm of Egypt 's long-suppressed Muslim Brotherhood . "  If it respects it , we will be able to work together . If it does not , the military council knows very well where Mubarak is right now . " Dardery said the Brotherhood and its supporters would remain in Tahrir Square until they get what they want . Khaled Fahmy , a historian at the American University in Cairo , said that determination is born of the hard lessons that followed the ouster of Mubarak , who has been sentenced to life in prison for ordering the killings of anti-government protesters in the 2011 revolt . World leaders , regular folks react to Morsi 's victory "  We thought the revolution was over , that we won when we forced the president to resign , and we went back home , " Fahmy told CNN . "  And obviously , the revolution was far from being over , and our demands were far from being answered . " SCAF dissolved parliament elected earlier this year following a ruling by Egypt 's high court that the law governing the parliamentary elections was invalid . The generals said the new president would set a date for parliamentary elections and would have the power to appoint government officials , name ambassadors to foreign countries and grant pardons -- but the junta will keep legislative power and the budget in its hands until new lawmakers are elected . The Brotherhood and the secular liberal groups that launched the 2011 protests have to maintain that presence to keep pressure on the government , Fahmy said . Meanwhile , he said , the military 's announcement that it would retain legislative and budgetary power "  is effectively a recipe for at best a paralysis in the executive branch of the government . " The Muslim Brotherhood explained At worst , it could mean a fight with the generals at a time when Egypt 's economy is still recovering from the nosedive that accompanied the revolution . "  They 've lost 2 million jobs since February of last year , " said U.S. congressman David Dreier , an election observer during the runoff . "  By virtue of that , they really need to get the economy growing and get people back to work . " Dreier , a California Republican , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that he is backing a U.S.-Egyptian free trade bill in Congress in hopes of boosting Egyptian fortunes . Before the revolution , about 40 % of Egyptians lived in poverty . Tourism was the bedrock of the country 's economy , "  and it has come to standstill " amid the past year 's turmoil , " Fahmy said . "  The unemployment rate has hiked up . There 's not much inflation , but occasionally shortages in fuel and shortages of basic supplies , " he said . Who is Mohamed Morsi ? Morsi vowed to revive the economy in the speech he delivered to the nation late Sunday , telling Egyptians their resources were plentiful but had been "  squandered and mismanaged . " And Cairo 's stock market jumped more than 3 % on Sunday , which Fahmy called "  an indication of how sensitive the markets are for stability . " "  In a sense , it 's a vote for the fact that it 's democracy that brings stability rather than the military or the police , " he said . "  It 's not a flight of capital out of Egypt because of Islamists winning , it 's the exact opposite . It 's a vote of confidence not so much in the Brotherhood itself , but in the democratic process . " Egypt has long been the leading U.S. ally in the Arab world , receiving $ 1.3 billion annually in American military aid for decades . Its peace treaty with Israel is a cornerstone of regional diplomacy . Israel has reacted cautiously to the elections , issuing a statement Sunday that it "  appreciates the democratic process in Egypt and respects the results of the presidential elections . " "  Israel looks forward to continuing cooperation with the Egyptian government on the basis of the peace treaty between the two countries , which is a joint interest of both peoples and contributes to regional stability , " the statement said . Despite his previous fierce criticism of Israel -- including calling Israeli leaders "  vampires " and "  killers " -- Morsi pledged Sunday night that Egypt "  will preserve all national and international agreements " under his leadership . Edwin Walker , a former U.S. ambassador to Egypt , told CNN that abandoning the treaty was "  not going to be possible . " "  You ca n't just tear up the peace treaty and start over again , " he said . And Fahmy said the hard realities of the economy and the still-unsettled revolution are likely to make revisiting the Egyptian-Israeli pact a distant prospect . "  I do n't think foreign relations , or specifically relations with Israel , will be on the top of their priority list , " he said . "  They are way too smart to open up this question now , and I do n't think they 're too keen on opening it on the medium front . " Why Hosni Mubarak 's death would n't change Egypt 's future Morsi also may have to deal with a split in the ranks of his own party , between those who may advocate smoothing things over with the generals and others who want to cultivate ties with secular liberals and leftists . "  The Brotherhood is a huge organization . It is a very venerable organization . It is an old one , " Fahmy said . "  But I think it is also facing its greatest threat , and it 's a threat paradoxically prompted by its victory . " The group survived years of crackdowns by Egyptian rulers by staying underground , insisting on cohesion and secrecy and not tolerating dissent . But now , "  We 're seeing youthful brothers who , in my reading , have much more in common with the secularist revolutionaries than with the elderly Muslim Brotherhood members . " Nevertheless , the arrival of a democratically elected leader is a moment Egyptians have awaited "  for the past 7,000 years , " Dardery said . "  This is a great moment in history , and we 're going to be making history from now on , " he said .	Mohamed Morsi , Egypt 's president-elect , now inherits a variety of problems Egypt 's military still claims legislative and budget power , restricting his authority The country 's economy "  has come to standstill " since the 2011 revolt , historian says Nevertheless , "  This is a great moment in history , " says a Morsi-allied lawmaker
CNN  -- When was the last time you consulted an official government travel advisory before booking a trip ? Wars  Syria  , political protests  Brazil , Egypt , Turkey  , floods  Germany , Manila  and disease outbreaks  China  are all enough to make us click headlines . But many travelers admit to not giving much credence to advisories from governments . In recent weeks , travel advisories for Egypt have hit high levels , with some governments evacuating their citizens . But a similar situation in December last year did n't stop Marielle Butters from traveling alone to Egypt . "  Three days after the president declared himself dictator and all was supposedly in chaos , " recalls Butters about the timing of her trip . "  It was fine . I felt safe . " In July , protests in Brazil elicited travel alerts . But local journalist Felipe Araujo says the warnings were unnecessary . More : 10 things to know before visiting Colombia "  The Brazilian government was siding with the protesters , publicly making an attempt to accommodate some of their wishes , " says Araujo . "  Brazil was no less safe because of the protests . " Many travelers deliberately seek out reportedly dangerous locales , such as Kashmir , Afghanistan and Colombia , with few mishaps . What is a Travel Warning ? Just how realistic are government travel alerts and warnings ? And are they even worth looking at ? Alerts and warnings are issued to provide an official source of trustworthy information . If an area were to be engaged in violent protests or war and a warning were not issued , that government would be subjected to serious criticism . The U.S. Department of State currently has 35 countries listed under a travel warning -- defined as a "  protracted condition that makes a country dangerous or unstable , " such as war . A travel alert applies to temporary situations such as demonstrations . Three-quarters of Brits admitted they do not check official travel advice before traveling in a recent poll , and those that do said they often ignore it anyway . Countries currently listed by the U.S. Department of State with travel warnings include Egypt , Haiti , Kenya , Lebanon , Mexico , Nigeria , North Korea , the Philippines and Tunisia . A warning status means travelers should "  avoid or consider the risk of travel to that country . A Travel Warning is also issued when the U.S. government 's ability to assist American citizens is constrained due to the closure of an embassy or consulate or because of a drawdown of its staff . " "  Our obligation is to provide information to the American citizens who are traveling and residing abroad to allow them to make informed decisions , " says Michelle Bernier , managing director of overseas citizen services for the U.S. State Department 's Bureau of Consular Affairs . "  We want Americans to be vigilant and take security measures especially in an atmosphere of heightened concern . " The State Department website provides specific information on every country in the world . More : Women : Travel safely but keep traveling Australia 's entry includes a warning to "  be careful when consuming alcohol with unfamiliar people , as drink spiking can occur . " The UK 's entry includes nearly 2,000 words on terrorist threats and crime , including details on pickpockets and ATM fraud . Do blanket warnings help or hinder ? Not everyone finds official government warnings helpful . Like bad Yelp or TripAdvisor reviews , government travel warnings have the potential to negatively affect tourism revenue in a given country or area . "  The worst part is the blanket advisories , " says traveler and photographer Jorge de Casanova . "  Just because one area of a country is having problems does not mean the whole country is unsafe . " Travel book author Lisa Egle travels primarily to developing countries . "  I check several travel advisories before any trip , not just the State Department , but the British and Australian equivalents for another perspective , " says Egle . "  I take what they all say with a grain of salt . They tend to blow things out of proportion . " Before a trip to Indonesia last year , Egle recalls reading warnings about "  terrorist cells . " "  While these unfortunate incidents have occurred , they 're not part of a widespread problem , " she says . "  The country has 17,500 islands , so the number of these occurrences is disproportionate to the size of the country . " Sometimes there really is a wolf Yet there are genuine risks associated with areas covered by alerts or warnings and ignoring them can occasionally result in problems . American student Andrew Pochter was killed in Alexandria during protests . Pochter was in Egypt teaching English for the summer . More : Should solo female travelers avoid India ? The United States has had a travel warning in place for Mexico since April 2011 . It states that "  crime and violence are serious problems throughout the country and can occur anywhere . U.S. citizens have fallen victim to TCO  Transnational Criminal Organizations  activity , including homicide , kidnapping , carjacking and highway robbery . " The warnings have n't stopped Americans from pouring into Mexico . In 2011 , 20.1 million Americans visited Mexico . Less severe results of ignoring travel warnings Ignoring travel advisories can affect a traveler 's insurance . Some policies will not apply in places under a travel alert or warning . Depending on the circumstances , airlines may waive cancellation or rebooking fees in areas where official warnings are in place . US Airways acknowledges it does n't distinguish between travel alerts and warnings and usually does n't offer refunds on tickets when government travel advisories are issued . However it "  may " waive the fees associated with rebooking . The U.S. government encourages travelers to visit its official travel website , register trip and contact information with the Smart Traveler Enrollment Program  S.T.E.P.  and download an iPhone app . "  One thing I always try to do is register with S.T.E.P. , so the government can track my whereabouts , " says travel writer Lola Akinmade Ackerstrom . "  Having a laissez-faire attitude about travel advisories really is n't appropriate . The government has a lot more intelligence  than the general public  , so take them seriously . " Rejecting warnings Some governments refute travel warnings , especially when they 're subject to warnings from other governments . Travel warnings advising against travel to Peru in February 2013 were strongly opposed by the local government , with ministers calling for U.S. warnings about kidnappings in the Cuzco region to be retracted . In 2010 , the Jamaican government criticized a travel warning against the entire country , when riots erupted in a small Kingston area . Guidebook author Lebawit Girma was in Jamaica at the time . "  I was amazed at the travel advisories against the whole island , " she says . "  For anyone who does n't know Jamaica , it would be easy to cancel plans . "  Jamaica is a big island , so it did n't stop me from heading to my usual spots in Negril and Montego Bay . " More : 8 things travelers in Bangkok should look out for Ashley Charmers and her husband canceled their travel plans for Turkey in June 2013 due to protests there . "  We had been debating canceling our 10-day trip through Turkey after receiving emails from our families and S.T.E.P. "  Days before our departure we decided to cancel because of concerns regarding serious travel delays and suspensions . Our decision cost us $ 500 . " Even seasoned travelers , who are comfortable in the unfamiliar , can be taken off guard . In March 2013 , travel blogger Oneika Raymond 's wallet was taken from her backpack in Aswad , Egypt . She winces at the memory because she "  was n't paying attention " after making a few purchases . "  Did I feel safe in Egypt ? No , not particularly , " she says . "  After that I found myself very suspicious of everyone . " More : Chinese tourists targeted in Paris pickpocketing spate Have you traveled to places under travel alerts or warnings ? Let us know what your experiences were in the comments section .	U.S. State Dept. currently lists 35 countries under Travel Warning status Travelers report feeling safe in many countries they 're warned not visit American student Andrew Pochter was killed in Egypt while a travel warning was in place
Editor 's note : Peter Bergen is a fellow at the New America Foundation , a Washington-based think tank that promotes innovative thought from across the ideological spectrum and at New York University 's Center on Law and Security . He 's the author of "  The Osama bin Laden I Know : An Oral History of al Qaeda 's Leader . " Peter Bergen says deals with the Taliban could further destabilize the situation in Afghanistan . CNN  -- It is a longstanding cliché that there is no military solution in Afghanistan , only a political one . Linked to this is the newer , related notion , rapidly becoming a cliché , that the United States should start making deals with elements of the "  reconcilable " Taliban . As with many clichés , there is some truth to both these notions , but neither of these comforting ideas are a substitute for a strategy that is connected to what is happening on the ground in Afghanistan and Pakistan . Sunday 's New York Times ran an interview with President Obama in which he said that , just as the U.S. had made peace agreements with Sunni militias in Iraq , "  There may be some comparable opportunities in Afghanistan and in the Pakistani region . " He also cautioned that this could be "  more complex " than was the case in Iraq . It 's not only going to be more complex , but doing deals with the Taliban today could further destabilize Afghanistan . Before getting to why that is the case , let 's stipulate first that there are always going to be some local commanders of the Taliban who can be bribed , coerced or otherwise persuaded to lay down their arms . In fact , the Afghan government already has had an amnesty program in place for Taliban fighters for four years . Thousands of the Taliban already have taken advantage of the amnesty , a fact that tends to be glossed over in most of the recent discussions of the issue . That being said , there are nine reasons why doing deals with most of the various factions of the insurgencies in Afghanistan and Pakistan that are labeled "  the Taliban " are more in the realm of fantasy than a sustainable policy . First , the Afghan government is a sovereign entity and any agreements with the Taliban must be made by it . Right now the weak and ineffectual Afghan government is in no position to negotiate with the Taliban , other than to make significant concessions of either territory or principle , or both . Second , while Obama did n't talk about dealing with Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed Omar , it is worth pointing out the Taliban leadership , including Mullah Omar , has in the past several months taken every opportunity to say that it has no interest in a deal with the Afghan government . And just last week , Mullah Omar urged the Pakistani Taliban to refocus their efforts on attacking U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan . Those statements should be taken at face value . Third , Mullah Omar 's intransigence is utterly predictable . He was prepared to sacrifice his regime on the point of principle that he would not hand over Osama bin Laden after 9/11 . And he did . This does not suggest a Kissingerian realism about negotiations , but rather a fanatical devotion to his cause . Fourth , the Taliban believe they may be winning in Afghanistan , and they also are confident that they are not losing , which for an insurgent movement amounts to the same thing . They see no need to negotiate today when they can get a better deal down the road . Fifth , the Taliban leadership is largely in Pakistan . Side deals done with the Afghan Taliban will have little or no effect on the fact that the command and control of the insurgency is in another country . Sixth , when Pakistan 's government has done "  peace " deals with the Taliban in the Pakistani tribal regions in 2005 and 2006 and in the northern region of Swat earlier this year , they were made following military setbacks by Pakistan 's army . Those deals then allowed the militants to regroup and extend their control over greater swaths of Pakistani territory . Why would new agreements with the Taliban on either side of the Afghan-Pakistan border yield different results ? Seventh , "  reconcilable " Afghan Taliban leaders have already reconciled to the government . Wakil Ahmed Muttawakil , the former foreign minister who met with Afghan government officials in Saudi Arabia in September , to discuss some kind of agreement with the Harmid Karzai administration , was a foe of bin Laden 's long before 9/11 and was never a hard-liner . Muttawakil has no standing today with Taliban leaders , who have been waging war now for 7 1/2 years against Karzai , and who quickly denied they were in any negotiations with his government . Eighth , while the Taliban was never a monolithic movement , it is much closer to al Qaeda today than it was before 9/11 . Yes , there are local groups of the Taliban operating for purely local reasons , but the upper levels of the Taliban have morphed together ideologically and tactically with al Qaeda . Baitullah Mehsud , for instance , the leader of the Pakistani Taliban , sent suicide attackers to Spain in January 2008 , according to Spanish counterterrorism officials , and sees himself as part of the global jihad . The Haqqani family , arguably the most important component of the insurgency on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistan border , has ties with bin Laden that date back to at least 1985 , according to the Palestinian journalist Jamal Ismail , who has known the al Qaeda leader for more than two decades . Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , a commander allied to the Taliban , has been close to bin Laden since at least 1989 , according to militants who know both men . Al Qaeda was founded in Pakistan two decades ago , and bin Laden has been fighting alongside Afghan mujahedeen groups since the mid-1980s . Al Qaeda Central on the Afghan/Pakistan border is much less of a "  foreign " group with far deeper and older roots in the region than Al Qaeda ever was in Iraq . The Taliban 's rhetoric is now filled with references to Iraq and Palestine in a manner that mirrors bin Laden 's public statements . The use of suicide attacks , improvised explosive devices and the beheadings of hostages -- all techniques that al Qaeda perfected in Iraq -- are methods that the Taliban have increasingly adopted in Afghanistan and have grown exponentially there since 2005 . iReport.com : Should there be a deal with the Taliban ? One could go on listing examples of the Taliban 's ideological and tactical collaboration with al Qaeda , but the larger point is that separating al Qaeda and the Taliban is not going to be as relatively simple as splintering Iraqi insurgent groups from al Qaeda in Iraq . And ninth , unlike Al Qaeda in Iraq , which was a foreign-led group that sought to impose , unpopular Taliban-style rule on Sunni areas of Iraq , the Taliban in Pashtun areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan are not outsiders , but are often neighborhood people whose views about religion and society are rooted in the values of the Pashtun countryside . While , of course , the U.S. should be splintering , buying off and co-opting as many elements of the Taliban as possible , American officials also need to be realistic about how much closer Al Qaeda and the Taliban have grown together in recent years , and the fact that the insurgency has mushroomed in size on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistan border . Winston Churchill once observed that "  it 's better to jaw-jaw than to war-war . " True enough . But "  jaw-jaw " with the Taliban wo n't work if they think they are winning as they do right now . The Obama administration has ordered 17,000 additional American soldiers to go to Afghanistan this year . As a result , two Marine brigades and a mobile , well-armored Stryker brigade will deploy into the heart of the Taliban insurgency in southern Afghanistan . Marine and Stryker brigades are not the kind of units you send in to play nice . Those deployments strongly suggest that for all the public discussion of negotiations with the Taliban the decision already has been made that any such negotiations should precede from a position of strength rather than weakness . These comments are , in part , based on Peter Bergen 's testimonybefore the U.S. House of Representatives , Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Subcommittee on National Security and Foreign Affairs on March 4 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bergen .	Peter Bergen : Idea of dealing with moderate Taliban is gaining more support Bergen says it 's not likely to be a strategy for success in the Aghanistan war Taliban leadership thinks it 's winning the war and wo n't cut a deal , he says Bergen : Afghan government too weak to engage in meaningful talks
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israel has expelled Venezuela 's ambassador in response to Venezuela 's expulsion of an Israeli envoy and the rupture of diplomatic relations earlier this month . A pro-Palestinian mural in the Venezuelan capital , Caracas . Venezuelan head of mission Roland Betancourt and two other diplomats were given until Friday to leave . "  Due to the decision of Venezuela to cut relations with us a few weeks ago , we told the Venezuelan charge d'affaires that he and his staff should leave Israel , " Foreign Ministry official Lior Hayat said . "  We told them they are declared persona non grata in Israel . " Venezuela expelled Israeli Ambassador Shlomo Cohen and staff on January 6 and broke off diplomatic relations on January 14 in protest of Israel 's attack on Gaza . Bolivia also broke off relations with Israel that day . Venezuelan Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro defended his country 's actions , saying Israel violated basic human rights with its military action . "  Our decisions were just , correct , aligned with and adjusted with the spirit of our constitution , which mandates that we seek international peace , " Maduro said in a statement on the foreign ministry 's Web site . Maduro said Venezuela 's actions are compatible with its support for the creation of a Palestinian state . He has not spoken , he said , with any Israeli officials over this week 's expulsion of the Venezuelan diplomats . "  The response of the state of Israel is weak , late , and in any case for us it 's an honor , " Maduro told the Qatar-based television network Al-Jazeera . "  We 're proud that the state of Israel that exists today , led by these criminals , made this decision . " Israel and Venezuela have had diplomatic tensions before . Israel recalled its ambassador to Venezuela in August 2006 "  in protest against the one-sided policy of the president of Venezuela , Hugo Chavez , in light of his outrageous defamatory remarks against the state of Israel , and in reaction to the recalling of the Venezuela ambassador to Israel , " the foreign ministry said at the time . A January 21 cease-fire put an end to fighting between Hamas militants in Gaza and Israel , which had launched a three-week offensive , saying its goal was to stop missile strikes into southern Israel . More than 1,200 Palestinians , many of them civilians , were killed . Israel lost about 10 soldiers and three civilians .	Venezuelan ambassador to Israel and two others expelled Move in response to Venezuela breaking diplomatic relations over Gaza attack Venezuelan foreign minister says country is proud of the expulsion from Israel
CNN  -- BP appealed Friday for a halt to settlements to those affected by the massive 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill , because of what it says are "  hundreds of millions of dollars , and what could reach billions of dollars , in awards to claims asserting fictitious losses . " "  Any such payment will constitute irreparable harm , " the energy giant argued . "  Therefore , an expedited hearing is necessary . " Such a hearing is now scheduled for March 22 , after the court granted BP 's emergency motion . The legal debate is part of the widespread fallout from the oil spill -- the worst in U.S. history -- which began after a rig explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf . Eleven workers died . Roughly 205 million gallons of oil spewed into the sea for nearly three months before a cap was placed on the BP-owned Macondo well , nearly a mile beneath the surface . Since then , the oil company has promised and paid out some settlement funds , while fighting others in court . Earlier this year , U.S. District Judge Carl Barbier Jr. considered BP 's contention that a January 15 decision by the claims administrator about how settlements would be distributed . BP had argued that the set-up would produce "  absurd " results . And yet Barbier sided against BP in a March 5 decision . "  The court adopts Class Counsel 's interpretation as it is most in line with the rest of the settlement agreement , " the judge wrote .	BP has been a target since the massive 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill Earlier this month , a judge sided against BP in ongoing settlement talks BP says some payments "  will constitute irreparable harm " to the company
CNN  -- The military operation to clear a Rio de Janeiro slum of drug traffickers will effectively turn into an occupation of the area at least through October of next year , Gov. Sergio Cabral said in a radio interview Tuesday . Rio state Gov. Sergio Cabral said that at least 2,000 troops will remain at the Alemao slum -- called a favela in Portuguese -- to keep up the effort to pacify the area . He announced the move after meeting with Dilma Rousseff , Brazil 's president-elect , in the capital , Brasilia . Originally , he had requested the troops for only six months . Rousseff offered her support for the security work being carried out in Rio , Cabral said . The troops are needed so that the government does n't have to delay future operations in other communities overrun by drug traffickers , he said . The troops will remain until a police unit and station are installed in Alemao , slated for the middle of next year . Brazil , which will host the World Cup in 2014 and the Olympics in 2016 , is under increasing pressure to crack down on violent crime and clean up its slums . Over the weekend , armored vehicles followed by police trucks rolled into the favela to restore order . The police to be placed are known as Pacifying Police Units , a special force designed to live and work in the favelas they protect . Such units are already in operations in some favelas , but this most recent operation is the most ambitious to date . Authorities have been trying to dislodge traffickers from their hiding places for two years , but the operation in Alemao is the first time the government has tried to regain territory run by the criminals in earnest , said Paulo Sotero , director of the Brazil Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Institute for Scholars . At the outset , the events appear to be a victory for the government , but winning over the locals , who were living under the rule and services of the traffickers , will be a challenge . "  This is just the beginning . -LSB- Police -RSB- will have to work with people to convince them that you will not abuse their rights , " Sotero said . That is the goal of the Pacifying Police . Reaction inside and outside Brazil to the success of the current operation has been positive , with speculation that the country is trying to clean up its streets before the World Cup and Olympics come to town . Sotero , however , suggests that it is domestic pressure that is leading to police work . As a whole , Brazil 's economy is growing , and so is the middle class . As people find themselves in better situations , they also begin to demand better quality of life , Sotero said . People want things like better education and security . "  This , I think , is what created the pressure to try to find new solutions for a very old problem , " he said . The slums became dangerous places during a period when the city and state of Rio had poor government , something that was exploited during the drug boom in the 1980s , Sotero said . Conversely , one of the factors behind the efficient action today is the fact that the local and state leaders are from the same political party and are allies with the federal government , said Thomas Trebat , executive director of the Institute of Latin American Studies at Columbia University . While Brazil as a whole is doing well , economic and social indicators in the city of Rio have lagged , Trebat said . This is significant because Rio is often seen as a representation of Brazil as a whole . "  This is n't Las Vegas . What happens here does n't stay here , " he said . The perception is that "  if this iconic city is undergoing social chaos , how can it be that Brazil is a BRIC ? " Trebat said , referring to the designation given to rapidly rising countries of Brazil , Russia , India and China . The World Cup and Olympics may be an impetus for acting now , but the pressure comes from Rio 's need to reflect the better side of Brazil , he said . Whatever the reason for the incursion and occupation of Alemao , residents there are optimistic about the future . "  We have already weathered many difficult situations here , but thank God things improved , " said Jose Maria Pereira , a retiree . Dilsa Maria , a maid , said , "  We lived a very repressed life . Now we have more freedom . We can come and go . This is important not just for me but for everyone here . " Journalist Fabiana Frayssinet in Rio de Janeiro contributed to this report .	Police and soldiers mounted an operation in the Alemao slum Some 2,000 troops will remain to maintain order They will stay until a police station is set up Domestic pressure , sporting events cited in crackdown
SANTIAGO , Chile  CNN  -- Arrest warrants for more than 120 former soldiers and agents of Chile 's National Intelligence Directorate were issued Tuesday for alleged human rights violations during the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet , CNN Chile reported . Nearly 2,300 people disappeared during the rule of Augusto Pinochet , 1973-1990 , say government reports . The scale of the order by Judge Victor Montiglio makes this the largest human rights prosecution case in Chile 's history . The Pinochet dictatorship ruled from 1973-1990 , after which Chile returned to civilian rule under a democratically elected government . Government investigations conducted after Pinochet left power say nearly 2,300 people disappeared during the dictatorship and another 30,000 were tortured . At least 51 of the warrants were in connection with a disinformation campaign in the 1970s known as Operation Colombo that historians say was aimed at hiding human rights abuses . Other warrants were linked to Operation Condor , which involved a network of secret police agencies in the region that targeted political opponents in the mid - and late-1970s , and a plot against communist leaders known as the Calle Conferencia case . About half of those named in the warrants were facing charges related to the Pinochet regime for the first time . The warrants included former military and police officers who were members of Pinochet 's feared intelligence service , known as DINA .	Arrest warrants for more than 120 former soldiers and agents issued Tuesday Warrants for alleged human rights violations during rule of Augusto Pinochet Pinochet dictatorship ruled from 1973-1990 2,300 people disappeared during Pinochet 's rule , say government reports
CNN  -- A Texas man who is a self-proclaimed supporter of Anonymous says he 's joining the hacking ring 's purported fight against one of Mexico 's most violent drug cartels . Barrett Brown , 30 , told CNN that in the next two days he expects to receive thousands of e-mails naming alleged Zetas drug gang affiliates that he 's been told were taken by hackers from a Mexican government website . "  It 's possible this is all a big hoax ,  but  I 'm more involved in this because of the possibility of striking a blow against the Zetas . ... The issue to me was more about how do we do this operation . I 'm intent on what we could do with the information when we release it , " Brown told CNN in a telephone interview Thursday . The Dallas resident , who describes himself as a former member of Anonymous and has frequently spoken publicly about his involvement in Anonymous activities , posted a YouTube video Wednesday explaining why he planned to join the effort . "  I 've decided to support the operation , which I understand is controversial for a number of reasons . In this case , there are lives hanging in the balance , in that those who are identified are likely to be killed , " Brown says in the video , leaning back in a leather desk chair as he smokes a cigarette . He told CNN he learned about the so-called OpCartel after Mexican members of Anonymous reached out to him in an online chat forum . In the video , Brown says he wants to help Mexicans in their effort to stop cartel violence . The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration says more than 43,000 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since December 2006 , when President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels . Some Mexicans have decided to take matters into their own hands , Brown says , doing what they can to stop the Zetas . Is Mexican cartel the next ` Anonymous ' target ? "  It 's Mexicans themselves who started this operation , who conceived it . It 's not a bunch of stereotypical computer geeks sitting somewhere else in safety . These are people on the ground , " he says . The purported threat against the Zetas began in early October with an online video of a masked man warning that the names , photographs and addresses of cartel supporters in the Mexican state of Veracruz can be published "  if necessary . " The video demanded the release of a member of Anonymous who had allegedly been abducted by the Zetas in Veracruz . A website purporting to be an official site connected with Anonymous in Latin America said early Friday the person who had been abducted had been released , "  bruised ... -LSB- but -RSB- alive and well " . CNN could not verify that the abduction took place or that the alleged kidnap victim had been released . A Veracruz government spokeswoman said no such kidnapping complaint had been registered with local officials . This week , another video purportedly from Anonymous surfaced , vowing to continue the campaign -- but warning of the possible risks . "  This is not a video game . It 's a dangerous operation that puts at risk the lives of you and your loved ones . Do n't identify yourself as a member of Anonymous . You should never do it , but even less right now , " a masked man in that video says . It 's unclear whether Anonymous is behind either online video , or what the organization plans to do . The hacking group has no clear leader and no central official website . The website claiming to be an official site connected with Anonymous in Latin America also said Friday that no information on the Zetas would be released -- for now . "  A message has been sent to us , that if Anonymous reveals a name related with the cartel , the family of the kidnapped Anonymous member will suffer the consequences , for every cartel name that is revealed , 10 people will be put to death . ... The collective Anonymous has decided by consensus that the information that we have available will not be revealed for the time being , now that we understand that we can not avoid the threats that involve innocent civilians that do n't have anything to do with our actions , " the site said . But other online posts -- which CNN was also able to independently verify -- have said the operation is moving forward . "  Looking over the forums of Anonymous discussions , it is clear that there has been disagreement over whether or not to pursue and publicize information on the cartels , " Ben West , a tactical analyst for the STRATFOR global intelligence firm , wrote in an e-mail to CNN Thursday night . "  Many Anonymous members seem to be aware of the threat that the Mexican cartels pose and seem disinclined to risk the consequences of incurring the cartels ' wrath . " Earlier Thursday , a security analysis from the intelligence firm said it seemed likely that some members of the organization would move forward with the purported plan . "  Anonymous ' collective nature means activists can select the actions they participate in , including Operation Cartel . It would only take one dedicated individual to continue the operation , " the analysis said . Brown , the Texas man , said he planned to use a computer database to methodically sift through the e-mails he receives , verify them with the help of an experienced journalist and a cartel expert and then possibly release names -- or entire e-mails -- in small batches over time . "  If we have 100 names , we 'll release 30 or 40 names that seem right , " he told CNN . Brown 's online video -- which showed his face and was posted under his own name -- is notably different than many Anonymous posts , which commonly feature men in Guy Fawkes masks . He told CNN Thursday that he was not afraid to come forward . "  I do n't feel I should be . I should have the right and the ability as someone who is a fairly public person to work to ID criminals in a foreign country without having to worry about being murdered , " he said . Brown also said he had weighed the possibility of wrongly identifying someone , or causing killings . "  Both my grandfathers were bombers in World War II  and  they killed innocent people and did it with less information . I 'm more confident about the ratio . I 'd be surprised if many people  in the e-mails  were incorrect , " he said . While whether -- and who -- Anonymous planned to attack remained unclear , some self-proclaimed members of the group were already declaring at least one victory . Last week and this week a former Mexican state prosecutor 's website was apparently hacked , with bold letters stating he "  is Zeta . " Late Thursday night , the website featured a picture of a Mexican Day of the Dead offering and the words , "  Anonymous Mexico OpCartel continues . " In the past few years , Anonymous has taken credit for disrupting a number of prominent websites , including those of PayPal , Master Card , Visa and the Church of Scientology . In September , the group claimed it was targeting the Mexican government , launching attacks on a range of official websites , including those of Mexico 's defense and public safety ministries . The Zetas started with deserters from the Mexican Army , and quickly gained a reputation for ruthless violence as the armed branch of Mexico 's Gulf cartel . It split off into a separate drug-trafficking organization last year . In recent months , the Gulf coast state of Veracruz has become a frequent site of clashes between armed groups as drug-related violence grows . In September , 35 bodies were abandoned in a roadway during rush-hour traffic in a popular tourist area there , two days before a meeting of high-ranking state prosecutors and judges . CNN 's Rene Hernandez , Doug Gross and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : A website claims an alleged abduction victim has been released NEW : The website also says Anonymous is not releasing information for the time being Barrett Brown says he expects to receive e-mails naming Zetas affiliates Analyst : Inside Anonymous "  there has been disagreement " about the purported plan
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Abu Ali is 58 years old . He could be 78 , his beard gray , body frail and his face a leathery road map that traces the unimaginable horrors his family has endured . It is a face that reflects a visceral human portrait of the grinding violence in Iraq and the toll it has taken on ordinary civilians . The al-Jibouri family are not politicians , nor insurgents , nor religious radicals . They are -- or used to be -- a family of humble watermelon sellers , plying their trade with plump fruit from Mosul in their stall , barely 50 meters from their home in Baghdad . Their descent into hell began on July 23 , 2007 . Their son Ali -- 19 and a week away from his wedding -- was working on the family stall when one of Baghdad 's ubiquitous car bombs targeted the market area . He was killed instantly . "  I was a week away from marrying him off , " Abu Ali sobs . "  Instead I buried him . " Abu Ali does n't stop crying the entire time we are with the family . Eight thousand Iraqis died last year , according to the U.N. Iraq Body Count lists 640 civilian deaths so far in January . But numbers are anonymous and cold : to visit the al-Jibouri family is to see and feel and be suffocated by the human reality of those statistics . As the politicians play politics , and the insurgents deal in death , it is people like this who suffer the fallout , as they always do in war . Ali 's devastated fiance Duaa later married Ali 's brother Alaa . Together they had three children : a son , also called Ali , now aged three , and daughters Rukkaya , four , and Narjis , eight months . In July last year the family was preparing for their annual pilgrimage to the holy city of Najaf , where Ali is buried , to honor his memory . It was July 20 , a Saturday , and Alaa and brother Abbas were on duty at the water melon stand . Everyone heard the bomb inside the family home . It rocked the walls and shook the ground . Alaa , 23 , and Abbas , 17 , were blown to pieces , along with several other people . Today , the walls by the old watermelon stand are scarred by shrapnel . Abu Ali has now lost all three sons . "  No one will call me dad anymore , " he wails . The funeral was well attended : hundreds of neighbors and friends turned out , disbelieving what had happened to this family . Chanting and wailing mourners carried the coffins aloft to begin Alaa and Abbas 's journey to Najaf to lie alongside Ali . The children asked daily where their father was . Abu Ali and his wife , Umm Ali , at first could n't face telling them the truth , instead saying he 'd gone to Mosul for more watermelons . Eventually , of course , they had to explain that he , and their uncle , were dead . "  We tell them he has gone to paradise and is watching over them , but Ali especially can not comprehend , " says Abu Ali . "  When we say his father is in paradise , he just cries . " Ali is clearly a traumatized boy . His sister seems happy enough , playing on a sofa with her cousin and a tattered doll . Alaa 's other child , the baby daughter Narjis , was just a few weeks old when her father died . She smiles at me and touches my watch , enthralled by the shiny wristband and oblivious to her forlorn circumstances . Then Rukkaya surprises us by suddenly counting to 10 in English . We applaud her and her face lights up with pride . She counts again , and then once more . The smiles her performance brings are a rare event in this home . Ali sits nearby , his head dipping and swaying , as it 's done ever since his father died . The family has a fourth son , Ammar , but after the second explosion he fell apart emotionally and was certain that one day he too would die . And then he vanished , simply disappeared . The family has n't seen or heard from him since . Alaa 's widow , Duaa , still lives with the family , or what remains of it . She hides in the kitchen during our visit , unwilling to speak about what the two car bombs took from her . Abu Ali continues to weep and lament the family 's bleak future . The watermelon stand was the family 's only income . They are seven months behind on the rent for their tiny three-room house on a muddy side street . Six people are crammed into the home , Abu Ali and Umm Ali , and Alaa 's widow and three children . "  It 's like we are living in a dark place , " says the grieving mother , Umm Ali . "  What does one do when you lose your children ? We do n't go out , we keep our door closed . We want to leave and not stay in this country , but we ca n't afford it . " "  They were our bread winners , " says Abu Ali . "  They supported us , now I have no income , I have to now sell belongings . I have n't paid the rent for seven months . "  It 's hard . I think of committing suicide , but what would happen to the children ? If an official loses a son , all the media covers it and the family is looked after . I have lost three sons and the fourth fled and no one cares about us . " We leave Abu Ali and Umm Ali and the grandchildren they now raise and they thank us for telling their story to the world . We have no words , nothing that could possibly comfort or offer promise . Just gratitude for their courage in trying to get others outside this place to maybe understand the human cost of what goes on here . Tomorrow , or the next day , there are sure to be more bombs or bullets sending more families down the tortuous road being navigated by Abu Ali . READ MORE : Is Iraq worse than ever ? READ MORE : Ex-PM says violence could ` burn up ' region READ MORE : ` Bad old days ' return to Baghdad	The humble al-Jibouri family 's descent into hell began on July 23 , 2007 Abu Ali was a week away from marrying off his son , but buried him instead In July last year , he lost two more sons to a bomb blast in Najaf Abu Ali does n't stop crying the entire time CNN reporters are with the family
CNN  -- Ariel Adams loves watches . He owns more than a hundred of them , sometimes changing into a different watch multiple times a day . He has even turned his horological passion into a full-time job reviewing watches . Naturally , he is very excited for Apple 's latest invention . "  As soon as the Apple Watch is available I will be adding it into my life , but in addition to mechanical watches , " said Adams . "  I will more than likely have to wear one on each wrist . " Unfortunately for Apple , most people will only wear one watch . The question is , will they choose the Apple Watch over a classic timepiece ? After three years of development , Apple finally gave the world a look at its new smartwatch on Tuesday . It wo n't be available until early next year , but the design is final . Whatever the reviews , it 's guaranteed that Apple fans will camp out in line for one , and early-adopters and watch lovers like Adams will gladly drop $ 349 to slip it on . But to succeed , the Apple Watch will also have to appeal to regular people as a fashion accessory . The company has hired and collaborated with big names from the fashion industry , including watch designers like Marc Newson , Burberry 's Angela Ahrendts and Yves Saint Laurent 's Paul Deneve . Those fashion bona fides will help Apple 's watch appeal to people who see the item as a fashion statement . Related : Apple just got its mojo back Traditional watches are big business . Last year , watches were an $ 8.3 billion industry in the U.S. , according to Euromonitor . Most watches sold are sub - $ 150 quartz watches , but $ 1,000 and up luxury mechanical watches from brands like Rolex , Omega and Louis Vuitton have been surging in popularity . "  Watches , unlike other consumer electronics , have existed for hundreds of years as accessories and fashion pieces , " said Tim Barrett , a research analyst at Euromonitor . The smartwatch industry is a relative newborn . Only 750,000 smartwatches were sold in the U.S. in 2013 , compared to 123 million smartphones and 32 million regular watches , according Barrett . So far , the most popular smartwatch is the Pebble , which got its start on Kickstarter . Smartwatches from companies like Samsung , Sony and LG have been plagued by clunky , large screens and glitchy software . "  Apple is definitely in the business of making markets as opposed to breaking into them , and this market has yet to be made , " said Barrett . Related : ` Apple Pay ' may be safer than plastic The heart of the Apple Watch is a square touchscreen with rounded corners that comes in different metal finishes , including 18 carat gold . The watch face fits on classic watch straps that come in a range of styles , from sporty and colorful to high-end leather with metal clasps . The face of the watch is customizable and can display the time in a number of analog or digital designs . The final product is a typically Apple design : clean with a kick of personality . "  I do n't think it will replace the traditional timepiece , but I do think it is the most aesthetically pleasing wearable that has come to market to date , " said Eugene Tong , style director at Details magazine . "  I would wear it , but probably not every day . " Apple has smartly included styles and a smaller watch face size to appeal specifically to women , a group mostly shut out by the gigantic smartwatch screens already on the market . "  Right now in fashion , a lot of women are dressing down , more casually and simply , " said Danielle Prescod , fashion editor for Elle.com . "  There is a movement happening toward ` normcore . ' ... Something like the Apple watch , that looks great but also has a purpose , is perfect for this trend . " Related : Sorry Apple . Solar dresses are the future Prescod does n't usually wear watches , but said she would consider this one . "  The good thing about the Apple watch is that it 's super buzzy right now so people will notice it without needing a ton of other accessories that might try to compete for the spotlight , " said Prescod . No matter how useful it is , once a wearable device is written off as un-cool , it marks the wearer as dorky . Not everyone believes the Apple Watch can avoid the stigma of a Bluetooth headset -- or even Google Glass . "  The Apple Watch is the ultimate in geek chic , designed to look like a watch , but it leaves something to be desired when it comes to reflecting personal style , " said Tyson White , vice president of product at Nixon , a trendy California watch company . It "  will certainly raise people 's expectations about what a watch can do . ... But it appears to compete more with the likes of Fitbit , Fuel band and other smartwatch offerings , more so than traditional watches . " Beyond looks , Apple will also have to overcome a limited battery life and dependence on the iPhone . But if any technology company has a chance of stealing precious wrist real estate from established watch companies , it 's Apple .	Apple 's new smartwatch was designed to be a fashion accessory as well as a gadget It comes in two sizes , different finishes and has multiple slick strap options Apple is going up against huge watch companies and an industry that has been around for a century The device could be the next iPod or it could go the way of the Bluetooth headset
CNN  -- Standing on the podium at London 2012 , Joanna Rowsell achieved her greatest dream -- and gave hope to millions around the world who suffer from a condition that can have devastating effects on self-confidence . Together with teammates Laura Trott and Dani King , Rowsell pedaled to glory in the women 's team pursuit at the Olympic velodrome , smashing the world record three times along the way in the qualifiers , semis and final . Victory was clearly an incredible personal triumph for Rowsell , then 23 , but it was also a source of inspiration to fellow alopecia sufferers who saw the young Briton stand bold and bald on top of the podium . "  An Olympic gold medal at a home games -- I do n't think you can top that , " Rowsell told CNN 's Human to Hero series . Her timing could not have been better . "  It happened to be on International Alopecia Day , which was quite a spooky coincidence , " adds the five-time world champion . "  There was a massive response from a lot of people with and without alopecia , saying it was great that I was showing off the condition to the world . "  I think it 's good to show people if you have a condition like this you do n't need to hide away and not follow your dreams . You can still do whatever you want to . " Rowsell has endured alopecia areata  a condition that causes partial or total hair loss  for most of her life and sports a wig when she 's not on the track . "  For as long as I can remember I 've always had small bald patches but I was able to cover them up with the rest of my hair , " she explains . "  But when I was 10 I got more and more patches , more and more kept falling out until it had all completely gone . "  I 'd had nice long hair . I used to love doing plaits and hair braids and I did n't understand why it was happening . Obviously , I was quite upset . " Doctors think alopecia is an autoimmune disease which causes the body to attack the hair follicles . Genes may also play a role in the onset of the condition , which affects around 2 % of the general population . While the underlying causes remain a mystery , the psychological toll is well known . Many sufferers experience bouts of depression , anxiety and social phobias . "  As a teenage girl it was difficult because everyone cares about their looks . It was difficult . I ca n't deny that it was n't , " Rowsell admits . "  But I was always quite determined to prove myself . I never wanted to shy away and say , ` Oh well , I 'm just going to stay indoors and never go out . ' I always thought I want to make the most of things , so I think it 's probably helped me . " It was an attitude that served her well when talent scouts from British Cycling turned up at her secondary school in Cheam , Surrey . The village , located a few miles southwest of London , is better known for its commuters than its pedalers . But Rowsell changed all that . "  I was n't into cycling at all . It was just purely by chance they came to the school and I was like , ` That sounds like a fun way to spend an afternoon . I 'll have a go . ' " She won her race and was invited back for more testing , which revealed the 15-year-old possessed a good power-to-weight ratio for her age . From there it was on to a talent development squad before starting racing in 2005 , when she quickly made her mark by winning the 2 km Pursuit at the Junior British National Track Championships . While Rowsell races professionally on the road and in time trials , it is on the track in both team pursuit and latterly individual pursuit races that she has risen to the very top of the sport . "  Individual pursuit is quite simple . It 's a 12-lap race -- which is 3 km -- and there 's somebody on the opposite side of the track who you are chasing , " she explains . The winner is the rider who catches the other rider or , as is more frequent , the one who sets the fastest time . Team pursuit , meanwhile , is run over 4 km with four riders  previously three  on each team . "  The idea is to cover the 4 km as quickly as you can , " Rowsell says . "  The best way to do this is to take it in turns at the front -- you save so much energy when you are behind on the wheel . " Things have n't go too badly for Rowsell since joining the senior ranks . At the 2008 world championships in Manchester  which is also her training base  , she won a gold medal in the women 's team pursuit alongside Rebecca Romero and Wendy Houvenaghel . She 's repeated the feat three times since , most recently at this year 's world championships in Colombia in February . Cali 's VelÃ ³ dromo Alcides Nieto PatiÃ ± o was also the scene of Rowsell 's first gold medal in the individual pursuit , where she beat defending champion Sarah Hammer of the U.S. in the final in a personal best time . Rowsell will be going for more individual pursuit glory at the Commonwealth Games in Scotland later this month . She will be the hot favorite when she lines up at Glasgow 's Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome -- named after the six-time Olympic champion cyclist and the man who helped foster Rowsell 's interest in the sport when she watched him race on TV at the 2004 Athens Games . Now it is the 25-year-old Rowsell who is inspiring the next generation with her feats of bravery on and off the track . "  I never set out to be a role model but a lot of people have told me I am , which is always nice to hear , " she says . "  As a cyclist you are out there to win your race , but when people say that sort of thing I do feel a bit of responsibility to act in a certain way and be a good role model to younger girls . " But the biggest reward , perhaps , is the gift that cycling has given back to her . "  I 'm definitely a lot more accepting of  alopecia  now and it 's not something I think about every day to be honest . I am thinking about winning the Olympics or winning the Commonwealth Games or the World Championships . "  At the end of the day , I ca n't change it , I can only get on with what I 've got so I may as well carry on . " For more information on alopecia areata , click here and here .	Champion cyclist Joanna Rowsell is a role model on and off the track Briton , 25 , has suffered from alopecia areata most of her life All her hair fell out aged 10 , and she took up cycling five years later Rowsell won two gold medals at world championships in February 2014
CNN  -- Many are speculating whether an all-woman jury is a benefit or detriment to George Zimmerman , who stands accused in a Florida court for murdering Trayvon Martin . Women jurors are a recent phenomenon in U.S. history . In the 1960s , numerous states still prohibited women jurors . The thinking was that women 's place was in the home , not in the jury box . Women 's jury service was n't placed on equal footing with men 's until a 1975 U.S. Supreme Court decision  Taylor v. Louisiana  . An earlier Florida case vividly illustrates this history . In the late 1950s , Gwendolyn Hoyt stood trial for murdering her husband with a baseball bat . Hoyt 's guilt was determined by an all-male jury because at the time women in Florida had to volunteer for jury duty , while men were required to serve . Few questioned whether a female defendant tried by a jury of men confronted a "  jury of her peers . " Hoyt and her attorneys , however , did pose the question and appealed the guilty verdict all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court on the grounds that the all-male jury denied her due process . One of Hoyt 's attorneys noted that when she asked her male acquaintances whether a man tried by an all-female jury would receive a fair trial , they answered with a resounding "  no ! " The 1961 Supreme Court ruling in the Hoyt case upheld a state 's right to define women 's jury service differently than men 's . The court ruled that "  woman is still regarded as the center of home and family " and for this reason a woman can "  be relieved from the civic duty of jury service . " Times certainly do change . The 1975 Taylor decision overturned Hoyt , and women were able to participate equally in the democratic act of deciding community justice . In 1994 , the Supreme Court ruled that peremptory challenges could no longer be based on a prospective juror 's sex . That is , lawyers could no longer dismiss women  or men  from a jury panel because of their sex . Women have clearly broken the glass ceiling in the courtroom . But the public 's attention to the all-female jury in the George Zimmerman case shows that we are not yet gender blind when it comes to the justice system . Many people ask right away -- how will these women weigh the evidence , deliberate and affect the outcome of the trial ? The answer is likely to be that the all-female jury will have little or no effect on the ultimate decision in this case . Research shows that no one juror trait , including gender , is an accurate indicator of how a juror will vote . Rather -- and savvy trial lawyers know this -- the best predictor of whether a juror will side with the prosecution or defense is a mix of gender , race , ethnicity , religion , political ideology , personality , attitudes , and so on . Jury selection experts understand as well how the complex mix is closely tied to the specific issues at stake in a particular trial . Jury composition alone rarely shapes the verdict in a trial . For example , a 2007 review of the scholarship on jury selection reported that the backgrounds and attitudes of jurors predict less than 15 % of verdicts . Women are now full citizens when it comes to jury service . If a man is being tried by an all-woman jury , he is likely being tried by a jury of his peers . The gender makeup of the jury is not likely to be pivotal in determining the verdict in the Zimmerman trial . The evidence is what matters in the outcome . But our public attention to the fact of an all-female jury shows that we are still conditioned to think in gendered ways . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Holly McCammon .	An all-female jury will hear the George Zimmerman case in Florida Holly McCammon : The gender composition of a jury will not affect the outcome She says research shows that no one juror trait , including gender , can determine the vote McCammon : Public attention to an all-female jury indicates we still think in gendered ways
CNN  -- More than half of all U.S. counties have been designated disaster zones , the Department of Agriculture reported , blaming excessive heat and a devastating drought that 's spread across the Corn Belt and contributed to rising food prices . Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack declared disaster zone designations for an additional 218 counties in 12 states Wednesday because of damage and losses caused by drought and excessive heat . The states are Arkansas , Georgia , Iowa , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Mississippi , Nebraska , Oklahoma , South Dakota , Tennessee and Wyoming . Nearly three-quarters of the nation 's cattle acreage is now inside a drought-stricken area , as is about two-thirds of the country 's hay acreage , the agency reported . Iowa farmers looking beyond drought USDA researchers added that an average of 37 % of the nation 's soybeans were last week ranked from very poor to poor , the lowest quality recorded since a massive drought in 1988 . Nearly half of America 's corn crop was also rated very poor to poor , while 57 % of its pastures and range land were similarly graded . This year 's harsh conditions suggest that food prices next year could surge by as much as 4.5 % , the agency reported . "  It 's the most severe and expensive drought in 25 years , " USDA economist Timothy Park said . As the hot and dry weather persists , farmers face potential losses in spite of federal crop insurance meant to soften the blow to U.S. agriculture . "  The pocketbook is really taking a hit , " said Robert Dickey , a 58-year-old farmer in Georgia who says his losses are just below the threshold needed for his insurance to kick in . "  We 'll probably have to take out some loans to get us through to next year . " Interactive map : Record dryness takes over the U.S. . The price of milk , cheese and other dairy products is also expected to surge , while ranchers face steepening feed costs . "  When I was a kid in the '50s ... it got real dry , but nothing like this , " said Marvin Helms , a 70-year-old farmer and rancher in central Arkansas who was compelled to sell his beef cattle after being short on feed . His thousand acres of farmland near Arkadelphia include corn and soybeans , which Helms says is normally sufficient to sustain his family and provide for his cattle . Farmer in the drought : If you plant it , it may not come "  We 've got some insurance on the crops , but it 's not enough , " he said . "  It will help , but it wo n't pay the bills . " Still , economists say the extent of federal insurance coverage -- which includes about 85 % of the nation 's crop acreage -- will help protect farmers against catastrophic income losses . "  Today 's safety net is going to protect a lot more of those producers than in the past , " said USDA Deputy Chief Economist Robert Johansson . "  Though it 's hard to say the what effect will be on an individual producer , because a lot of times , these crop producers are also producing livestock . " Food prices on the rise In an effort to bolster assistance , the USDA expanded emergency disaster assistance Wednesday to allow for haying and grazing on 3.8 million acres of protected conservation areas , once considered off-limits . The agency also reported that crop insurance companies have agreed to allow for a "  short grace period for farmers on insurance premiums in 2012 , " giving farmers an extra 30 days to make payments without interest penalties on their unpaid premiums . But while a variety of crops are strained across the U.S. Midwest , a top concern for policy-makers is corn . "  The unusually hot and dry conditions coincide with the period of pollination and kernel formation , which sharply reduces estimated yields , " the USDA reported . "  As of July 17 , approximately 88 percent of the corn crop was in regions impacted by drought . " About 75 % of all food found in the supermarket contains corn , officials say . See all of our coverage of this year 's drought Is the drought affecting you ? Share with us on CNN iReport .	NEW : "  Safety net is going to protect a lot more of those producers , " economist says An Arkansas farmer says he was compelled sell his cattle because he was short on feed Harsh conditions suggest food prices could increase as much as 4.5 % in 2013 , agency says Agriculture secretary expanded emergency disaster assistance Wednesday
CNN  -- They look glossy and new , their touch screens glow enticingly and they 're filled with the latest mind-bendingly complicated chips and processors -- but are the newest mobile gadgets any good ? Teams of experts have been getting their hands on the technology at the world 's biggest mobile phone in Barcelona . Here we gather reviews from our partners at Mashable and Pocket-lint of the devices making the headlines LG Optimus Vu A big phone or a small notebook . This South Korean device boasts a "  bright screen ... and a bunch of apps that make it feel and work like a digital paperback book . " Mashable Huawei Ascend D1/D quad Emergent Chinese manufacturer 's latest Android devices , including what it claims is the world 's fastest smartphone . "  We certainly wo n't argue that it 's bloomin ' quick . " Pocket-lint HTC One range The latest releases from Taiwanese phone maker HTC . Impressive devices based on Android 's Ice Cream Sandwich operating system . "  Everything -- and I mean everything , including the 0.7-second photo snapping HTC is so proud about -- feels really smooth and snappy . " Mashable Samsung Galaxy Beam Smartphone featuring a built-in projector . "  It 's not a new idea â $ " but the Samsung Galaxy Beam may be the most elegant execution of the mash-up yet ... It 's reasonable to assume that the only reason someone would buy the Galaxy Beam is if you desperately wanted a dual phone/projector . " Mashable Asus Transformer Pad Infinity Taiwanese manufacturer 's latest Android-powered tablet . "  With a strong focus on keeping the ` Zen design philosophy , ' the Asus Transformer Pad Infinity tablet is well built , looks good , and should perform when it 's in your hands . " Pocket-lint ZTE Orbit Chinese firm ZTE 's new Windows 7-powered device . "  It 's definitely not as ripe as the succulent Nokia Lumia 800 or 900 - the picks of the Windows Phone 7.5 bunch - but it 's still notable nonetheless . " Pocket-lint Huawei MediaPad 10 FHD Huawei 's super-fast quad-core tablet device . "  While it 's slim and light it is n't the highest build quality we 've come across and the back is prone to the odd scratch by the looks of things . " Pocket-lint Samsung 's Galaxy Note 10.1 "  Thin , light and powerful " stylus Tablet from Samsung . "  Fun to use ... comfortable to hold , and responsive , " but is the world ready for a stylus comeback ? Mashable Skype for Windows Phone 7 Internet chat tool makes beta debut on Microsoft 's mobile operating system . "  It 's a pretty swanky app -- much more fancy looking than Skype apps on Android and iOS . " Pocket-lint Nokia 808 PureView Nokia 's smartphone with a headline-making 41-megapixel camera . "  A good example of the sort of bonkers tech that Nokia is so good at delivering . " Pocket-lint Nokia Lumia 610 Budget version of Nokia 's flagship range . "  While the apps take a little bit longer to load , it is n't too bad ... We suspect that , as it is painted over plastic , it will chip and look pretty ugly with time . " Pocket-lint	Reviewers get their hands on the latest gadgets at Mobile World Congress New devices and apps by HTC , Skype and Asus impress experts Reviewers less impressed by phones and tablets boasting superfast tech
CNN  -- Amid a falling currency , slumping factory output , lackluster investment and weak orders , India 's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh looked desperately for at least some chinks of light in the economic gloom . Addressing parliament , Singh struck out for the one silver lining left to his battered economy -- the falling rupee will boost exports . "  To some extent , depreciation can be good for the economy as this will help to increase our export competitiveness and discourage imports , " Singh said last week in a long address to lawmakers on the crisis in the Indian economy . "  Over the next few months , I expect the effects of this to be felt more strongly , both in exports and in the financial position of exporting sectors . This in itself would correct the current account deficit to some extent . " Whether investors will share his confidence is the question economists are asking themselves as the axles come loose on India 's economic juggernaut . Slowing growth The Purchasing Managers Index grew just 4.4 % in April-June , it 's slowest pace for four and a half years "  The August reading was grim , " HSBC chief economist for India Leif Eskesen said in a note . "  Coupled with the July reading it seems clear that the economy is continuing to slow and that last week 's April - June GDP number was not the bottom . " He said the recovery in growth would prove to be a drawn-out affair and would be tainted by the lingering balance of payment challenges . "  Politics may get in the way of meaningful progress on structural reform , " he said . "  Unfortunately , we think the slowdown has further to go , which presents greater challenges for policymakers as they try to stabilize the currency . " The threat of a U.S. strike on Syria has put pressure on oil prices and on gold -- two of India 's biggest dollar-indexed imports -- in the short-term , but analysts say that India 's currency woes can only be stabilized by addressing long-term fundamentals . India , they say , could follow three scenarios , none very attractive . Let the rupee fall It could allow the currency to fall further , boosting exports and helping close the current-account deficit , as Singh 's speech suggested . Nevertheless , with a small manufacturing base mired in red tape , analysts say it does not have the critical mass to respond quickly . With balance of payments taking time to turn around , investors would likely panic in the meantime further depressing business . A weaker currency would also likely stoke inflation , increase the government subsidies on fuel and also its borrowing . Boost interest rates Indonesia and Brazil last month took measures to protect their currencies by tweaking interest rates -- a response in large measure to improving prospects for the U.S. economy where the Federal Reserve looks likely to begin winding in the purchase of bonds . If India followed suit , Indian industry -- already in bad shape -- would suffer and increase the possibility of bad loans at banks too . Corporate earnings decline would slam equity investors who currently have about $ 200 billion invested in listed shares . A credit crunch , say analysts , would make things worse . Borrow less money Government borrowing is running at about 7 % of GDP , according government figures , fueling excess demand and widening the current account deficit . With its appetite for lavish and populist government programs , spending cuts are difficult . It 's latest ambitious food program -- the $ 25 billion annually food security bill -- is likely to impact the economy heavily . But economists are saying that once all the provisions of the bill are priced in , it will cost much more . Sajjid Chinoy of JP Morgan told CNN the cost could easily go up a further half a percentage point of GDP . "  If you look at an incremental cost of 0.5 % , the total cost would then be 1.5 % of GDP which is large by any standard , " he said . Raise taxes Like Pakistan , India may have to look at raising tax revenues . With just 3 % of Indian paying income tax , analysts say that tax increases would have to fall on the formal economy which is already taking a big hit in the current economic climate . Rahul Chadha , co-chief investment officer at Mirae Asset Global Investments , told CNN the rupee 's immediate fate , however , lies in the hands of the central bank "  I think this is the dilemma of the central bank , " he said . "  We 've seen this half-hearted attempt to stabilize the currency -- they came at it from different levels . But because it was half-hearted and the currency depreciated after that we have seen panic reaction from corporates and institutional investors . "  Clearly at a certain level the market has to get convinced that the central bank has enough power fire power to stabilize the currency . Once the market gets that kind of conviction , you will see the rupee again appreciating by 7 % to 8 % very quickly . "	India looks for the upside to the rupee crisis - that it will boost exports Analysts say its industrial base is too small and too bound up in red tape to respond quickly India still relies heavily on populist , capital-intensive government programs Government borrowing is fueling excess demand and widening the current account deficit .
Baghdad  CNN  -- A wave of bombings left 51 people dead and more than 120 wounded Thursday in various Baghdad neighborhoods , including one in which angry residents later threw stones at security forces , the Interior Ministry said . At least 48 people were killed and 121 wounded when a parked car bomb detonated near a funeral tent in the predominantly Shiite neighborhood of Shula in northwestern Baghdad , an Interior Ministry official said . After the Shula bombing , people threw rocks at security forces , the official told CNN , and some people fired guns . Security forces withdrew until an Iraqi Army unit dispersed the crowds by shooting in the air and imposing a partial curfew in Shula , the official said . The gathering of the crowd reflects the growing frustration and anger against the government and security forces , especially by the country 's Shiites , who have come under intensive attacks in recent days . Iraq has witnessed in the past 10 days constant high-profile attacks , mainly targeting Shiites and security forces , that have claimed the lives of more than 200 people . Some 151 people were killed in the entire month of December . Attacks on security forces in Tikrit and Diyala were claimed by the Islamic State of Iraq , an umbrella group that includes al Qaeda in Iraq . There was no claim of responsibility for attacks on the Shiites . Officials have blamed al Qaeda and other Sunni extremist groups of carrying out these attacks in an attempt to reignite the sectarian war that gripped Iraq for years . Many Iraqis blame their security forces for not preventing these attacks and question the abilities of these forces to secure the country , especially as the U.S. military prepares for a complete troop withdrawal by the end of this year . Many have blamed the deteriorating security situation on politicians still not agreeing on key security posts that remain vacant in the government formed more than a month ago . Meanwhile , three people died in three other attacks in the Iraqi capital . A roadside bomb exploded next to a police patrol in southern Baghdad , killing a civilian and wounding seven people , including three police officers . In another attack in southeastern Baghdad , a roadside bomb exploded near a government convoy . It missed the convoy but killed one civilian and wounded three others . In central Baghdad , a roadside bomb exploded on a busy road , killing one civilian and wounding four . The blasts came after Wednesday night 's assassination of three government employees by gunmen using pistols equipped with silencers in three neighborhoods in Baghdad . Two of the three government employees worked at Iraq 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the third employee worked at the Ministry of Housing and Reconstruction .	NEW : Angry citizens throw stones at security forces One bomb exploded near a funeral tent , killing dozens Another bomb exploded next to an Iraqi police patrol The blasts come after the killing of 3 government officials in Baghdad Wednesday night
CNN  -- Trinidad and Tobago 's Kelly-Ann Baptiste should have been contending for a medal in Monday 's women 's 100m final at Moscow -- instead she has been withdrawn from the World Athletics Championships by her federation for a "  doping matter . " Baptiste , who won a bronze in the last global championships in Daegu two years ago , set a national record of 10.83 seconds for the 100m earlier this season to underline her medal potential . Only two-time Olympic champion Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce of Jamaica , who went on to claim the gold , and Nigeria 's Blessing Okagbare have run faster this year . But the Trinidad and Tobago National Association of Athletic Administrations confirmed Monday that Baptiste and fellow sprinter Semoy Hackett would not be competing . "  The absence of both athletes is related to doping matters of varying degrees and complexity , " read a statement from the organization . "  In the case of Ms Baptiste this association was notified on Thursday August 8 by the IAAF  of a failed doping control  and the results management process is currently under way and as a result , any further comment at this stage would be premature and inappropriate . " Hackett , who trains in the United States , tested positive last year at the U.S. Collegiate Championships for methylhexaneamine , a banned stimulant . She was subsequently exonerated by the Trinidad and Tobago federation , but the International Amateur Athletics Federation  IAAF  appealed the decision and re-suspended her pending an appeal before the Court of Arbitration for Sport in Switzerland . The Baptiste case is another blow to the image of track and field , still reeling from the high profile doping cases which have seen American sprinter Tyson Gay and leading Jamaicans Asafa Powell and Veronica Campbell-Brown facing lengthy bans . A batch of lesser known names from Turkey and Russia have also fallen foul of the testers ahead of the championships . The IAAF announced before the event that it will bring in four-year bans for those caught doping from 2015 , against the current two-year maximum penalty for a first offense .	Leading sprinter Kelly-Ann Baptiste withdrawn from world championships Her Trinidad and Tobogo federation said it was for a ` doping matter ' Teammate Semoy Hackett also pulled out of Moscow events Latest leading track and field athlete to fail drugs test
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican federal police have arrested a drug cartel chieftain who is a former police officer and is connected to more than 30 brutal killings , authorities said Wednesday . Miguel Ortiz Miranda , known as "  Tyson , " was a leader for La Familia Michoacana in the city of Morelia , federal police said . Authorities consider him responsible for organizing the hit men who killed local officials as well as carrying out abductions and extortions , federal police anti-drug chief Ramon Eduardo Pequeno Garcia said in a televised news conference . Ortiz , 28 , was arrested Tuesday in Morelia , in Mexico 's state of Michoacan . Authorities say Ortiz became involved with La Familia Michoacana in 2005 while working as a state police patrol chief . The driver of a vehicle Ortiz had stopped offered him a large amount of money to let the motorist go , Pequeno said . "  As a result of that contact , he started his illegal activities in Morelia , becoming an informant at the service of that criminal organization , reporting the movements of suspicious vehicles in the city and alerting about the presence of different police authorities , in addition to providing security to members of the criminal groups , " Pequeno said . Police say Ortiz was involved in some of the most publicized crimes of the past year , including the June 2009 attack on a federal police convoy that killed 12 officers , and the slayings last month of 15 criminals who were acting against the wishes of La Familia Michoacana . In addition , police said , Ortiz was involved in : -- The deaths of four police officers in a June 2009 roadside ambush . Cartel members made an anonymous phone call to federal police so they would go the scene of the purported crime and could be ambushed on the way , Ortiz told police . -- A July 2009 attempt to free Familia Michoacana leader Arnoldo Rueda Medina by attacking several federal police stations with large-caliber weapons and fragmentation grenades . -- The July 2009 execution in a Morelia home of a group of men belonging to the rival Zetas drug cartel . -- The September 2009 death of Jose Manuel Revuelta , the state 's assistant secretary for public security . -- The decapitation of state official Josafat Delfino Lopez Tinoco in October 2009 . Lopez 's head was left in a cooler with a message from "  The Resistance " written on a piece of cardboard . The Resistance referred to an alliance between La Familia Michoacana and several other cartels against the Zetas . -- The December 2009 attack with heavy weapons and grenades on the Hotel Casablanca in Morelia , where federal police officers were staying . -- An attempt in April on the life of Minerva Bautista Gomez , secretary for public security in Michoacan . The attack , he said , was in retaliation for changes made in the police department that hindered the cartel 's interests . The hit men walked away from the shooting believing they had killed Bautista . They had n't . Ortiz told police he participated in training by the cartel , including firearms instruction and survival lessons in the Michoacan mountains that lasted a month and were taught by former military personnel .	Miguel Ortiz Miranda is a former state police patrol leader He is accused of being involved in more than 30 well-publicized killings He is said to be a leader for La Familia Michoacana in central Mexico Ortiz is known as "  Tyson "
CNN  -- Back in his native South Korea , the Korean Foreign Ministry nicknamed him "  Ban-chusa , " meaning "  the Bureaucrat " or "  the administrative clerk . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has focused on global warming policy by world governments . While Ban Ki-moon was known for his attention to detail and administrative skill , he was also seen by some as lacking in charisma and subservient to his superiors , while the Korean press called him "  the slippery eel " for his ability to dodge questions . But on October 13 , 2006 , South Korea 's Foreign Minister Ban Ki-moon was elected to be the eighth Secretary-General by the United Nations General Assembly . Following up on a campaign aiming to bring out his charismatic side , Ban surprised the audience of a UN Correspondents ' dinner that December by singing "  Ban Ki-moon is coming to town " on the melody of "  Santa Claus Is Coming to Town . " Ban was born on 13 June 1944 . He received a bachelor 's degree in international relations from Seoul National University in 1970 , and a master 's degree in public administration from the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in 1985 . He and his wife , Yoo  Ban  Soon-taek , whom he met in high school in 1962 , have one son and two daughters . In addition to Korean , Ban speaks fluent English and is studying French . Ban was the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade of the Republic of Korea from January 2004 to November 2006 . His tenure included postings in New Delhi , Washington D.C. and Vienna , while he was responsible for a variety of portfolios such as Foreign Policy Advisor to the President , Chief National Security Adviser to the President , Deputy Minister for Policy Planning and Director-General of American Affairs . Throughout this service , his guiding vision was that of a peaceful Korean peninsula , playing an expanding role for peace and prosperity in the region and the wider world . Ban had long been actively involved in issues relating to inter-Korean relations . In 1992 , as Special Advisor to the Foreign Minister , he served as Vice Chair of the South-North Joint Nuclear Control Commission following the adoption of the historic Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . In September 2005 , as Foreign Minister , he played a leading role in bringing about another landmark agreement aimed at promoting peace and stability on the Korean peninsula with the adoption at the Six Party Talks of the Joint Statement on resolving the North Korean nuclear issue . In January 2007 Ban succeeded Kofi Annan and has since pushed the Sudanese government to allow peacekeeping troops in Darfur and focused on global warming policy by world governments .	Ban Ki-moon elected eighth U.N. Secretary-General in October 2006 Ban has pushed Sudan on peacekeepers in Darfur and focused on climate change Ban was Ban was South Korea 's Foreign Minister from Jan. 2004 to Nov. 2006 He has long been actively involved in issues relating to inter-Korean relations
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Raymond Davis , the American accused of killing two Pakistani men , appeared Friday in a Pakistani court , where he was handed documents that detailed the case against him . The court then adjourned until March 3 when Davis is expected to be formally charged . The case has strained relations between the United States and Pakistan , a key ally in the war against al Qaeda and the Taliban in neighboring Afghanistan , and the shooting deaths have outraged many Pakistanis . Meanwhile , Pakistani authorities have detained a second U.S. citizen , identified as Aaron Mark DeHaven , in Peshawar , according to a statement Friday by the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad . No additional details can be confirmed until a U.S. government representative meets with DeHaven , the statement said . Davis has said that the January 27 shooting occurred after two men attacked him as he drove through a busy Lahore neighborhood , according to the U.S. Embassy . U.S. officials originally said Davis was a diplomat and later revealed he is a CIA contractor , intensifying the already highly charged situation . During the court hearing Friday , Davis was handed over documents of evidence in the case , but he initially refused to accept them because they were in Urdu , a language he did not understand . Clerks were told to translate the documents into English . Davis told the judge that he should be released from jail because he has diplomatic immunity , the same argument other U.S. officials have used since Davis ' arrest . The judge said he was waiting on a response from the Pakistani government on that issue and that it should happen at the March hearing . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	CIA contractor Raymond Davis is accused of killing two Pakistani men Davis ' arrest has strained relations between the U.S. and Pakistan Davis is expected to be charged formally at a March 3 hearing
CNN  -- This month , Inside the Middle East journeys to Israel and the Palestinian Territories . Host Leone Lakhani strolls along the ramparts of the wall surrounding the old city of Jerusalem , a place of enormous spiritual and cultural significance for Jews , Christians and Muslims alike . Millions of tourists visit Jerusalem each year , but for some , the experience triggers overwhelming emotions - that could even land you in a hospital . Next door , in the West Bank , some Palestinians are living the high life in Ramallah . The city has experienced a recent boom of five-star restaurants , cafes , and even hip nightclubs . But much of it was financed on credit , and with the economy struggling throughout the occupied territories , many Palestinians are now starting to wonder when the bubble will burst . In Tel Aviv , we meet Daphni Leef , a young Israeli activist whose calls for social justice led to the largest protest in the country 's history . Hundreds of thousands of Israelis took to the streets in 2011 , demanding economic change . This year , however , Leef and other activists are struggling to rekindle the mood that led to those demonstrations - despite rising inflation and increased taxes . Finally , we meet an Israeli woman of Iranian descent who is trying to bridge the growing political divide between Israel and Iran . Rita Yahan-Farouz is a 50-year-old pop star and one of the biggest singing sensations in both countries . Watch the September show at the following times  all GMT  : Wednesday , September 5 : 0930 , 1630 Saturday , September 8 : 0430 , 1830 Sunday , September 9 : 1130 Saturday , September 15 : 1130 Sunday , September 16 : 0430 , 1830	This month , Inside the Middle East journeys to Israel and the Palestinian Territories Millions of tourists visit Jerusalem each year , but for some , the experience triggers overwhelming emotions We meet Daphni Leef ' , whose calls for social justice led to the largest protest in Israel 's history
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Four female suicide bombers and a gunman killed at least 70 people and wounded almost 300 others during a string of attacks in central Baghdad and Kirkuk on Monday , officials said . An Iraqi man examines a tuft of human hair at the site of a suicide bombing in northern Baghdad on Monday . In Baghdad , three suicide bombers detonated their explosives in three locations within 30 minutes of each other . The attacks killed at least 32 people and wounded 102 others , most of them Shiite pilgrims , an Interior Ministry official said . It was the second day attackers have targeted Shiite pilgrims taking part in an annual march to one of the Shiites ' holiest shrines . On Sunday afternoon , seven pilgrims were gunned down in a town south of Baghdad . Watch the pilgrims on the move " About 150 miles north of the capital , another suicide bomber ran into a crowd of protesters at a Kurdish political rally , a police official said . After she detonated the explosives she was carrying , gunmen began firing into the crowd from different directions , the official said . The attack killed at least 38 people and wounded 178 others , the official said . A bomb was discovered in a parked car near the site of the attack . It was destroyed in a controlled explosion by Iraqi security forces , an Interior Ministry official said . Thousands of Kurds had gathered in central Kirkuk to protest an election law that the Iraqi parliament passed last week , despite opposition from the Iraqi presidency council . The Kurds consider the region encompassing Kirkuk -- a city of Kurds , Arabs and Turkmen -- majority Kurdish . The Kurds , who have had intense political disputes with Arabs and Turkmen , oppose any power-sharing arrangement that would not reflect what they believe is their majority . They also want a referendum asking Kirkuk residents whether they want to be part of the Kurdish Regional Government . Map " Following Monday 's attack , Kirkuk authorities imposed a curfew on the city from 3 p.m. Monday until 7 a.m. Tuesday , a police official said . All cars and pedestrian traffic will be banned , he said . The Iraqi Islamic Party , one of the main Sunni parties , condemned the Kirkuk attack , blaming it on "  sides that do not want stability in the city and are working to escalate the situation . " It said the attack comes at a "  critical and sensitive time where there has been an increase in talks about the fate of Kirkuk and provincial council elections . " The use of female bombers is an increasingly common method for staging suicide attacks in Iraq because male security forces will not search women and few women have been trained to conduct searches . Nearly two dozen suicide attacks have been carried out by female bombers in 2008 -- up from eight in 2007 -- according to U.S. military figures . Before the bombings , security officials said they had deployed more than 200 women to conduct searches in Kadhimiya , in northwestern Baghdad , because of the rise in female suicide bombers . The Sunday attack on Shiite pilgrims happened in the predominantly Sunni area of Salman Pak , also referred to as al-Madaen . The Shiite pilgrims were walking to a shrine in Kadhimiya that commemorates the 8th century death of Imam Moussa al-Kadhim . The pilgrims -- all males -- were carrying black flags and chanting religious songs before the attack . They were attacked in a region that al Qaeda in Iraq controlled before Iraqi security forces gained control . Al Qaeda in Iraq cells reportedly remain in villages around the town . In recent days , hundreds of thousands of Shiite pilgrims have begun walking to Kadhimiya for the annual commemoration of al-Kadhim 's death . Many have traveled from across the country , especially from Iraq 's southern Shiite provinces . Iraqi security forces have established checkpoints and are conducting foot patrols to protect pilgrims . People entering Kadhimiya are not allowed to carry weapons , bags , cell phones , radios or any type of communication devices , authorities said . Pilgrims have been warned against accepting food and drinks from strangers . They 've also been told to discount rumors of suicide bombers . Such a rumor triggered a stampede that killed about 1,000 people during the pilgrimage in 2005 . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : Kirkuk authorities ban car , foot traffic till Tuesday morning NEW : Iraq security forces find , destroy bomb in parked car after Kirkuk attack Triple suicide attack in Baghdad claims more Shiite pilgrims , officials say Kirkuk bomber detonates device at rally before gunmen open fire on crowd
CNN  -- Supporters of the rulers of Bahrain threatened about 5,000 university students protesting against the government at Bahrain University Sunday , eyewitnesses said . The government denied that unjustified force was used . Elsewhere in the strategically important kingdom , riot police fired tear gas at protesters to break up the blockade of a highway , the government said . A video posted by an opposition party showed police appearing to fire two tear gas canisters at a man standing only a few feet from them . He doubles over after the first shot , and drops to the ground after the second , which appears to hit him in the face . The man is not obviously threatening the police in the video , which was posted Sunday by Wefaq . The opposition party told CNN it was filmed Sunday near Pearl Roundabout , the center of month-old protests in the kingdom . About 150 supporters of the royal family tried to get onto Bahrain University campus during the protest there , but only some managed to get in . An unknown number of people were injured , but it 's not clear how many or how badly . Security forces tried to prevent the regime supporters from entering the campus , and allowed people to leave the grounds but not to enter . According to the state-run Bahrain News Agency , security forces intervened for the safety of students after clashes broke out . "  Some of the university 's facilities have been vandalized by the demonstrators in breach of the allegedly claimed peaceful nature of the protests , " the news agency reported . The tense standoff was one of at least three protests Sunday against the rulers of the small Gulf kingdom triggered by popular demonstrations that brought down the long-time presidents of Tunisia and Egypt earlier this year . The latest protests came a day after America 's defense secretary said he 's "  convinced " that Bahrain 's royal leaders are "  serious about real reform and moving forward , " but emphasized that they must move quickly . Defense Secretary Robert Gates was visiting the restive island kingdom , where he huddled with King Hamad and Crown Prince Salman and talked about the importance of engaging with opposition forces . "  I think that the concern now is that it 's important that they have somebody to talk to and that the opposition be willing to sit down with the government and carry this process forward , " he said . Sunday , the United States again called the government to pursue talks with the opposition and to refrain from using force . "  In particular , we urge our GCC  Gulf Cooperation Council  partners to show restraint and respect the rights of the people of Bahrain , and to act in a way that supports dialogue instead of undermining it , " said White House Press Secretary Jay Carney . The crown prince similarly renewed his call for dialogue Sunday , calling on the opposition to negotiate . He said talks could include discussion of parliament and corruption and that any decision reached could be put to a vote in a special referendum . The crown prince also stressed , however , the significance of Bahrain 's security . "  Bahrain 's security and the safety of its people have never been , and will never be , negotiable , " he said in a statement . Also Sunday , some 250 young people organized a protest in front of Bahrain Financial Harbor in the capital Manama , witnesses said . Text messages exchanged between them and others in the area warned of regime supporters approaching from Muharak , another island , but it 's not clear whether the warnings were accurate . Police and anti-riot squads stationed near the harbor fired tear gas and rubber bullets at protesters , leaving 20 injured , according to Salmanya Hospital . Al Wasat cameraman Mohammed Al-Mukharaq was among the seriously injured , his editor said . The government says protest camp tents were "  removed , " but did not say how . Many protesters mobilized to block off King Faisal highway to prevent the pro-regime groups from entering Bahrain 's main island . The government and eyewitnesses disagree about how the blockade ended . Eyewitnesses and journalists say security officers asked them to disband and open the highway , and they complied . The government said attempts by uniformed police officers to persuade the protesters to re-open the road reached an impasse and that a group of protesters attacked unarmed police officers , resulting in one police officer being stabbed and another sustaining a serious head injury . Police then sought to disperse approximately 350 protesters by using tear gas in order to clear the road , the government statement said . "  The Ministry of Interior is currently undergoing operations to reopen the King Faisal Highway and advised all protesters to return to the Pearl Roundabout for their own safety , " the government statement said . The roundabout has been the center of protests in the kingdom for a month . Bahrain , which sits in the Persian Gulf and is the base of the U.S. Fifth Fleet , has been wracked by anti-government protests since mid-February . Sunni Muslims -- a minority in the kingdom -- dominate the government of Bahrain . The Shiite Muslim majority has staged protests in recent years to complain about discrimination , unemployment and corruption , issues they say the country 's Sunni rulers have done little to address . Many of them are in the anti-government coalition that has been demanding reform as part of the eruption of discontent sweeping across the Arab world for the past several months . They have staged dramatic protests and camped out in the capital 's Pearl Roundabout Initially , protesters took to the streets of Manama to demand reform and the introduction of a constitutional monarchy . But some are now calling for the removal of the royal family that has led the Persian Gulf state since the 18th century . Bahrain is in the shadow of Iran , a predominantly Shiite country and antagonist of Bahrain 's close ally , the United States . But Gates told reporters Saturday he "  expressed the view that we had no evidence that suggested that Iran started any of these popular revolutions or demonstrations across the region . " However , he said , there 's evidence that Iranians "  are looking for ways to exploit " the protracted processes unfolding in the region , "  particularly in Bahrain . " Three hard-line groups in the Gulf kingdom -- the Haq , Wafa and Bahrain Freedom Movement -- have united and called for the ruling family to step aside . The new coalition is calling for a democratic republic with no ruling family -- a step further than other opposition groups , which are calling for a constitutional monarchy . It appeared the hard-line groups represented a minority of the protesters at the roundabout . In response to the protests , the government has promised to build 50,000 new housing units and hire an additional 20,000 police officers , roughly doubling the size of the force . Members of Bahrain 's majority Shiite Muslim community are not allowed to join the force . Bahrain 's king reshuffled his Cabinet last month as protesters continued to call for reforms . He has also touted a "  national dialogue " and urged Bahrainis "  to engage in this new process " and "  move away from polarization . " Journalist Mansoor Al-Jamri and CNN 's Christine Theodorou , Dominique van Heerden , Mohammed Jamjoom and Jenifer Fenton contributed to this report .	NEW : Bahrain 's crown prince says security is not negotiable and calls for dialogue Riot police appear to shoot a man point blank with tear gas , a video shows About 5,000 university students demonstrate against the government It 's one of several protests in Bahrain Sunday , eyewitnesses say
CNN  -- Welcome to New York City . Hope you packed your appetite . We 're not claiming these are the definitive "  best , " "  most essential , " or "  most authentic " restaurants in all of NYC or any of that jazz . We are just saying that if it were us in town for a few days , these are the places we 'd make a beeline for to eat , drink and generally be delighted . Not a fan of our faves ? Well , OK then . Just send us a DM or a note @eatocracy on Twitter , let us know where you are , and we 'll find you some food to suit your mood . Have a delicious stay . Terroir | Tribeca Address : 24 Harrison St. Phone : 212.625.9463 Website : http://www.wineisterroir.com/ Categories : Downtown , Bar , Eat at the bar Solo Dining : Yes Tip : Three words : Riesling on tap . It may be touted as a wine bar , but the food is killer . Chicken liver and lardo bruschette are life-changers . Caracas Arepa Bar Address : 93 1/2 East 7th St. Phone : 718.218.6050 or 212.529.2314 Website : http://www.caracasarepabar.com Categories : Downtown Tip : For a taste of Venezuela , chomp into one of these stuffed corn-flour arepas . Feeling indecisive ? Try the La Popular sampler of three different , traditional varieties . Otto Enoteca Pizzeria Address : 1 Fifth Ave. Phone : 212.995.9559 Website : http://www.ottopizzeria.com/ Categories : Downtown , Celebrity chef , Eat at the bar Solo Dining : Yes Tip : Order some antipasti at Mario Batali 's casual pizzeria while you wait on his thin-crusted creations . Runny yolk fans opt for the Pane Frattau -- a pie with a sunnyside-up egg in the center . The house-made olive oil gelato is the ultimate sweet-savory ending . Gramercy Tavern Address : 42 East 20th St. Phone : 212.477.0777 Website : http://www.gramercytavern.com/ Categories : Gramercy/Flatiron , Date night Solo Dining : Yes Tip : It 's one of the New York 's most beloved restaurants -- and for good reason with its luxurious yet homey atmosphere . Everything 's seasonal and you really ca n't go wrong . Sakagura Address : 211 East 43rd St. Phone : 212.953.7253 Website : http://www.sakagura.com/ Categories : Midtown , Hidden gem , Eat at the bar Solo Dining : Yes Tip : A taste of Tokyo is hidden in the basement of a Midtown East office building -- your friends will be impressed you found this place . Go for lunch and sake -- their platters are a multi-course steal at $ 20 . Pearl Oyster Bar Address : 18 Cornelia Street Phone : 212.691.8211 Website : http://www.pearloysterbar.com/ Categories : Downtown , No reservations Solo Dining : Yes Tip : Come for the lobster roll , stay for the blueberry pie . Impatient diners take note : they do not accept reservations . Spotted Pig Address : 314 West 11th Street Phone : 212.620.0393 Website : http://thespottedpig.com/ Categories : Downtown , Celeb spotting , Late night Tip : The gastropub to end all gastropubs . Devils on Horseback , chicken liver and a burger with Roquefort are a few of its hearty offerings . A 2-hour wait is normal during peak time as is celeb-spotting in the witching hours . Momofuku Ssam Bar Address : 207 2nd Avenue Phone : 212.254.3500 Website : http://www.momofuku.com/ssam-bar/ Categories : Downtown , Celebrity chef Tip : Order the pork buns and stop by Milk Bar next door for a compost cookie , crack pie or one of the ever changing , always inventive soft-serve ice creams . Porchetta Address : 110 East 7th Street Phone : 212.777.2151 Website : http://www.porchettanyc.com/ Categories : Downtown , Casual Solo Dining : Yes Tip : Pork lovers : eat Porchetta 's porchetta . That is all . Marea Address : 240 Central Park South Phone : 212.582.5100 Website : http://www.marea-nyc.com/home.html/ Categories : Midtown , Date night , Eat at the bar Solo Dining : Yes Tip : It was just named Best New Restaurant at the James Beard Awards so reservations may be tight . But , it 's worth the fuss to order fusilli with red wine braised octopus and bone marrow and eat at the bar . Taim Address : 222 Waverly Place Phone : 212.691.1287 Website : http://taimfalafel.com/ Categories : Downtown , Casual Solo Dining : Yes Tip : Skip the ubiquitous street cart falafel and head to the West Village . Choose between red , green or harissa falafel flavors . The Little Owl Address : 90 Bedford Street Phone : 212.741.4695 Website : http://www.thelittleowlnyc.com/ Categories : Downtown , Date night Tip : This darling neighborhood restaurant is perfect for date night . Signature meatball sliders are a must , while a pork chop with butter beans and dandelion is close to porcine perfection . If soft shell crab is available , dive in for a suprisingly light taste of summer . Katz 's Delicatessen Address : 205 E. Houston Street Phone : 212.254.2246 Website : http://www.katzdeli.com/ Categories : Downtown , Old New York , Casual Solo Dining : Yes Tip : It 's the quintessential New York deli -- as seen in When Harry Mat Sally . Order the classics : corned beef , pastrami or tongue with a Dr. Brown 's Cel-Ray chaser . Grand Central Oyster Bar Address : 89 E. 42nd St.  in Grand Central Station  Phone : 212.490.6650 Website : http://oysterbarny.com/ Categories : Midtown , Old New York Solo Dining : Yes Tip : This is old school New York . Nab a table in the cavernous , subterranean dining room or saloon or a seat at the curving lunch counter or raw bar and slurp down fresh oysters or a classic pan roast . Blue Hill Address : 75 Washington Place Phone : 212.539.1776 Website : http://bluehillfarm.com/food/blue-hill-new-york Categories : Downtown , Date night Tip : Dine like the First Couple at this lauded , lovely farm-to-table restaurant helmed by James Beard Award winning chef Dan Barber . Torrisi Italian Specialities Address : 250 Mulberry St. Phone : 212.965.0955 Website : http://www.piginahat.com/index.php Categories : Downtown , Casual Solo Dining : Yes Tip : Italian-American classics to take-out or eat-in by two accomplished , contemporary chefs . Word has quickly spread about this 18 seat restaurant 's chicken parm hero and turkey sandwich . Degustation Address : 239 East 5th Street Phone : 212.979.1012 Website : No website Categories : Downtown , Adventurous Tip : Skip a la carte and go for the tasting menu : a New York bargain at 5-courses for $ 55 . The tiny restaurant seats diners at a counter around an open kitchen -- dinner and a show . Shake Shack Address : 366 Columbus Ave. Phone : 212.889.6600 Website : http://shakeshack.com Categories : Gramercy/Flatiron , Casual , Outdoors Solo Dining : Yes Tip : Shack burgers , Chicago-style dogs and shakes are the draw at Danny Meyer 's ode to summertime eats . Park yourself in the inevitable line -- locations in Madison Square Park , the Upper West Side and Citi Field triple your chances to satisfy crinkle-fry cravings . Death & Co. . Address : 433 E. 6th St. Phone : 212-388-0882 Website : http://www.deathandcompany.com/lounge/ Categories : Downtown , Bar Tip : Cocktails are to die for at this East Village bar . Drinks like the Joy Division and the Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test sparkle amid the Gothic loveliness of this cocktail manor . Lombardi 's Address : 32 Spring St Phone : 212-941-7994 Website : http://www.firstpizza.com Categories : Downtown , Casual Tip : The nation 's first pizzeria does n't accept reservations , but their wood-oven pies are worth the wait . Hill Country Address : 30 West 26th Street Phone : 212.255.4544 Website : http://www.hillcountryny.com/ Categories : Gramercy/Flatiron , Casual , Good for groups , Live music Tip : Boot scoot on over to Hill Country for some low and slow-smoked brisket , ribs and all the southern fixings . Save room for a PB & J cupcake . Everything 's bigger in Texas so bring your appetite . Beacon Address : 25 W. 56th St. Phone : 212-332-0500 Website : http://www.beaconnyc.com/ Categories : Midtown , Eat at the bar Solo Dining : Yes Tip : This undersung Midtown gem boasts some of the city 's greatest bar treats - woodfired pizza and serious cocktails . Lunch prix fixe is a steal . Sripraphai Address : 6413 39th Avenue Woodside , Queens Phone : 718 899-9599 Website : http://www.sripraphairestaurant.com/ Categories : Queens , Adventurous Tip : Sure , it 's a shlep from Manhattan  hop the 7-train to Woodside Ave.  , but the papaya and catfish salad and fish maw soup are worth the journey for serious Thai devotees . Sushi Yasuda Address : 204 East 43rd Street Phone : 212 972-1001 Website : http://www.sushiyasuda.com/ Categories : Midtown , Date night Solo Dining : Yes Tip : Oh , oh , the otoro ! Opt for bar seating to watch the master prepare sumptuous fatty tuna , Arctic char and shockingly fresh urchin up close . Flatiron Lounge Address : 37 West 19th St. Phone : 212 727-7741 Website : http://www.flatironlounge.com/ Categories : Gramercy/Flatiron , Date night , Bar Tip : Artful mixologists led by the fabulous Julie Reiner craft bygone cocktails and daily drink flights by hand in this lovely , Art Deco-influenced bar . Get there early . Han Bat Address : 53 West 35th Street Phone : 212 629-5588 Website : No website Categories : Midtown , Late night Tip : Skip the late night slice and opt for bi bim bop and ox knee broth served 24/7 in the heart of NYC 's Koreatown . Keens Steakhouse Address : 72 West 36th St. Phone : 212 947-3636 Website : http://www.keens.com/ Categories : Midtown , Old New York Solo Dining : Yes Tip : In 1905 , Lillie Langtry sued to be allowed access to the gents-only premises . Upon winning , she swept in and ordered the mutton chop . Follow her lead . Do n't miss prime-rib hash and 200 + single malts . Hearth Address : 403 East 12th St. Phone : 646 602-1300 Website : http://restauranthearth.com/ Categories : Downtown , Date night Tip : Chef Marco Canora 's Italian-influenced American fare is inventive , hospitable and homey -- complemented by one of the most creative wine lists in town . WD ~ 50 Address : 50 Clinton St. Phone : 212.477.2900 Website : http://www.wd-50.com/ Categories : Downtown , Adventurous Tip : Chef Wylie Dufresne deconstructs classic like eggs Benedict to re-imagine using high-tech "  molecular gastronomy " techniques . Like Mama never made . Pegu Club Address : 77 W. Houston St. , 2nd Floor Phone : 212 473-7348 Website : http://www.peguclub.com Categories : Downtown , Bar Tip : Named for the Pegu Club cocktail , this romantic upstairs bar boasts classics and original inventions by mixologist Audrey Saunders . Nice Green Bo Address : 66 Bayard St. Phone : 212 625-2359 Website : No website Categories : Downtown , Adventurous Solo Dining : Yes Tip : The bare-bones atmosphere and terse service are n't the draw ; the turnip and ham pastries and sumptuous stewed pork balls surely are . Prune Address : 54 East 1st St. Phone : 212 677-6221 Website : http://www.prunerestaurant.com/ Categories : Downtown , Killer brunch Tip : A wild Sunday brunch Bloody Mary menu and an omelet with a marrow bone side sates adventurous eaters . Spaghetti carbonara breakfast soothes damage from late night revels . Jimmy 's Corner Address : 140 W. 44th St Phone : 212-221-9510 Website : No website Categories : Midtown , Dive bar Tip : a.k.a. . The Boxing Bar . Jimmy Glenn 's low-key joint is a longtime haven for thirsty locals in need of respite from Times Square tourists . Kabab Café Address : 25-12 Steinway St. Astoria Queens N/R to Astoria/Ditmars Blvd. . Phone : 718-728-9858 Website : No website Categories : Queens , Adventurous Tip : This eclectically decorated cash-only café is home to Egyptian fare so soulful and sumptuous , it 's not unusual to see patrons tearing up . Get the meze platter and let Chef Ali El Sayed select the rest of your meal for you .	Check out our favorites , from Katz 's to Caracas Visit Lombardi 's , the nation 's first pizzeria Try the papaya and catfish salad at Sripraphai
CNN  -- Miami Heat star Dwyane Wade says he felt numb as a child when he watched his mother inject herself with heroin . "  My mom did n't know I had seen her shoot up , " he said . Jolinda Wade managed to overcome her addiction . But her son 's new book , "  A Father First : How My Life Became Bigger Than Basketball , " offers his perspective on her drug use for the first time . His mother says that seeing the story through her son 's eyes was emotional for her . "  My precious boy saw me with the needle in my arm , " she said from Chicago . "  There were a lot of things that we had not talked about that they had seen . " The book jumps from Wade 's tumultuous childhood with his sister on the south side of Chicago to his more recent past , when the 30-year-old NBA star was awarded joint custody of his two sons after a bitter court battle with his ex-wife . He credits his older sister , Tragil , with helping shield him from the trauma of his mother 's addiction . She took 10-year-old Dwyane to live with his father , Dwyane Wade Sr. , in Robbins , Illinois , away from the drug deals and police raids he had grown accustomed to . "  My father stepped up , " Wade said . "  I 'm successful today because my father stepped up . " A whole new ball game : Wade 's soccer admission Wade 's talent also helped him emerge from his turbulent early life to become one of professional basketball 's most prominent players . After leading the Marquette University Golden Eagles to the Final Four , he entered the NBA as the No. 5 draft pick in 2003 . Now a guard for the Miami Heat , he has helped his team win two NBA championships . But his mother 's transformation is arguably more remarkable than her son 's . Jolinda Wade , 57 , is now a pastor in Chicago -- and drug-free . She runs the church New Creation Binding and Loosing Ministries and the community center Barrier Breakdown Transformed , which caters to people in need . The community center serves as a safe haven for children affected by Chicago 's teacher strike . "  I 'm able to give people hope , " she said . One of the most poignant parts of her son 's book comes when he tells his mother that she 's still his favorite girl -- even when she is in the throes of her addiction . Now , Wade said , "  We have a great relationship . " She has eight grandchildren ranging in age from 1 to 21 , including Wade 's sons , Zaire , 10 , and Zion , 5 . That mom appeal is helping diversify Wade 's fan base . At a recent book signing at the public library in downtown Atlanta , there was a strong contingent of women amid a sea of young men and boys clad in Miami Heat jerseys . Alice Doanes , who just celebrated her 71st birthday in August , was one of them . She is a mother , a grandmother , a retired teacher and an ardent Wade fan . She stood in the line that wrapped around the block , clutching her copy of "  A Father First , " hoping to get her picture taken with the NBA star . "  I always admired him , because he looked like a clean-cut guy . " She had a long wait ahead of her : Fans said they had been standing in line for several hours . Wade can count his favorite girl among the book 's fans . Even with its candid account of his childhood , Jolinda Wade said , "  I love the book . "	Basketball star Dwyane Wade 's new book addresses his mother 's drug addiction Wade 's mother is now drug-free and a pastor in Chicago ; they have a "  great relationship " Wade 's book is diversifying his fan base , bringing women and older people to book signings
CNN  -- Japanese Foreign Minister Katsuya Okada on Thursday apologized to South Korea for the more than three decades when Japan ruled over Korea , calling the time a "  tragic incident . " Okada made the rare apology during a joint news conference with South Korean Foreign Minister Yu Myung-hwan , Korean state-run media reported . "  I believe it was a tragic incident for Koreans when they were deprived of their nation and their identity , " Okada said , according to the Yonhap news agency . "  I can fully understand the feelings of  Koreans  who were deprived of their identity and nation . I believe we must never forget the victims , " he added . Japan controlled Korea from 1910 to 1945 . During that time , Japan 's military is accused of forcing about 200,000 women , mainly from Korea and China , to serve as sex slaves . They were known as "  comfort women " for soldiers in Japan 's Imperial Army . There have been street protests and lawsuits in that past in South Korea over the sufferings of the comfort women . At least one other Japanese leader has apologized for the era . In 2001 , then-Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi acknowledged the "  enormous damage " inflicted by Japan 's military "  by colonization and invasion . "	Japan 's Foreign Minister Katsuya Okada apologizes to S. Korea for Japan 's rule over Korea He calls period from 1910 to 1945 when Japan ruled over Korea a "  tragic incident " Japan 's military accused of using women , mainly from Korea and China , as sex slaves In 2001 , then-PM Junichiro Koizumi acknowledged damage inflicted by Japan 's military
An ISIS attack against the West is a question of timing -- "  not of inevitably , not of intent , " according to the former head of the CIA , retired Gen. Michael Hayden Speaking to CNN 's Jim Sciutto on "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " Hayden said he expects ISIS to attempt an attack on targets in the United States or Europe . "  ISIS is a very powerful local organization , and probably a reasonably powerful regional terrorist organization , " Hayden said . "  But it 's one that has global ambitions -- and it has the tools . " There 's no clear consensus inside the intelligence community as to whether ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , is currently capable of striking the West . That debate came to the forefront last week after the Sunni militant group beheaded American journalist James Foley in retaliation for the airstrikes -- an act that Michael Morell , the former deputy director of the CIA , called the group 's "  first terrorist attack against the United States , " in an interview with CBS . "  It 's expressed the intent , " Hayden said . "  There 's no way more powerful way to express their street credentials among the jihadist community than a successful attack against the West . " The U.S. military has conducted targeted airstrikes in order to stop ISIS 's progress in the region . The Obama administration initially said the strikes were carried out in order to protect U.S. personnel at the consulate in Irbil , Iraq , and prevent the genocide of the Yazidi people , a religious minority in the country . That mission has appeared to have been broadened -- strikes continued to hit ISIS targets near Irbil and the Mosul Dam on Sunday , U.S. Central Command said in a news release . The majority of the strikes have been in support of Iraqi forces near the dam , which briefly fell under ISIS control . Hayden said that American airstrikes inside Syria , in addition to those being conducted in Iraq , would make a difference in the fight against ISIS . Airstrikes in Iraq come at the request of that government ; Syria , however , is in the midst of a civil war in which almost 200,000 people have been killed . The United States has called for its President , Bashar al-Assad , to step down . "  It 's not just about defense ; it 's not just about keeping the right people off of aircraft , " Hayden said . "  It 's about offense . It 's about disabling ISIS . It 's about making them more worried , more consumed with protecting their own survivability rather than yours or mine . "	Former CIA chief Michael Hayden says ISIS will attempt to attack targets in Europe , U.S. Hayden says such an attack would express ISIS ' "  street credentials " More airstrikes conducted against ISIS on Sunday
Jada , a Houston-area 16-year-old , was getting ready for finals week and looking forward to a summer hanging out with friends and finding a job . On June 1 , she went to a friend of a friend 's house party . She recalls little of what went on that evening , she told CNN , but does remember passing out and waking up the next morning at another friend 's house with her clothing askew . Weeks later , she received text messages showing photos of her unconscious and undressed that appeared to have been taken at the party . Soon , those photos spread on social media , with Twitter users mimicking her passed-out pose and adding the hashtag #jadapose . Jada and her mother filed a police report about the incident June 22 . "  It is an active investigation , " said Jodi Silva , a spokeswoman for the Houston Police Department . "  We 're following up on leads that have been given to us . We do n't want to rush the investigation , because there are many facets to it . " In light of the photos and humiliating #jadapose meme , Jada might have chosen to hide in shame . But in a time when all aspects of teen life have moved from private to public forums , something unique happened : She took hold of the story . Jada chose to show her face with the support of her mother , Sukiedia .  The family has not used their last name in interviews . The teen began speaking to local and national media about the incident and took a photo with the hashtag #iamjada to reveal the real person behind the viral photos . "  There 's no point in hiding , " she told a Houston television station . "  Everybody has already seen my face and my body , but that 's not what I am and who I am . " From beauty queen to rape activist CNN does not normally identify victims of sexual assault but is doing so in this case because the alleged victim is speaking out . Jada is n't the only alleged assault victim moving to reclaim her name and image . In 2013 , Missouri teen Daisy Coleman spoke publicly with the support of her mother after claiming that she was raped by a popular member of her school 's football team . Last spring , a young woman took to Twitter to ask rape victims to share what they were wearing when they were assaulted , to knock down the assumption that their attire "  asked for it . " It led to a discussion on Twitter with the hashtag #RapeHasNoUniform . "  With the case of Jada , the very technology that was used to make matters worse was used to improve matters , " said Stephen Balkam , who has a teenage daughter and is CEO of the Family Online Safety Institute . In the past week , as word spread about the #jadapose meme , messages of support have poured in . "  Rape is n't funny , " one post says . Social media users are adopting the #IamJada hashtag and posting photos of themselves with a fist raised in solidarity . "  This could be you , me , or any woman or girl that we know . What do we plan to do about this ugly epidemic ? #justiceforjada , " actress Jada Pinkett Smith wrote on her Facebook page . Even as public support for Jada is swelling , it 's clear that online abuse is n't going away anytime soon . "  Teens need to understand that their online behavior has lasting and permanent impacts , " Jim Steyer , a father of four and CEO of Common Sense Media , wrote in an e-mail . A 2011 Pew study found that 88 % of social media-using teens reported that they have seen someone being mean to another person on a social network , and 15 % of teens using social media reported being harassed . More teens are pushing back at this meme-ification of violence by speaking up and creating communities of kindness . But it can sometimes be a trickier path for parents to navigate , experts say . "  Being proactive in our kids ' online lives is key , " Steyer wrote . "  It 's not just about turning off devices or encouraging responsible use . It 's about creating a culture of empathy . It 's about knowing what to say and do when your kid is at risk , monitoring  without spying  , and knowing the difference between bullying and behavior that is ` kids being kids . ' " When online abuse goes viral , it does n't mean the pain is virtual -- and the solution is n't one size fits all . Scholar Danah Boyd writes about the importance of nuance in addressing online bullying in her book "  It 's Complicated : The Social Lives of Networked Teens . " "  Blaming technology or assuming that conflict will disappear if technology usage is minimized is naive , " she writes  PDF  . "  Recognizing where teens are at and why they engage in particular acts of meanness and cruelty is important to creating interventions that work . " But parents do n't have to do it alone . Resources on A Platform for Good can help guide conversations with teens about their digital reputation . Common Sense Media works with schools across America teaching the K-12 Digital Literacy and Citizenship curriculum . MTV 's A Thin Line campaign aims to stop the spread of digital abuse . And author MacKenzie Bezos started the Bystander Revolution , which offers simple ideas to encourage kindness and defuse bullying . Having a dialogue with kids around acceptable online behavior can begin by talking about events in the news , such as #iamJada , or at school . That starts with teaching kids empathy and accountability . How to talk to your son about rape Parents "  should encourage their kids to be up-standers and not bystanders when they see something as negative as what was happening to Jada , " Balkam said . Speaking up may not be easy , he adds , but it 's worthwhile , whether you 're a bystander or a victim of abuse . As for Jada , supporters are calling her "  brave " and a "  hero . " And she is beginning to feel like one . "  Yes , I feel like a heroine , because it takes courage to speak out and show your face , " she said .	A Houston teen told her story on television after photos of her passed out became a meme Hers is example of images depicting alleged abuse making the rounds among teens Parents can combat online abuse with resources and discussion , experts say
CNN  -- She is living in a hydrangea-free world , and she is a hydrangea-free girl . That 's right , hydrangea lovers -- it 's no accident that Keith Carradine wins Madonna 's heart with a bunch of daisies instead of your favorite flower in the "  Material Girl " video . Madonna "  absolutely loathes hydrangeas , " she said after she was given a huge purple one at the Venice Film Festival -- apparently not realizing her microphone was live . She smiled thinly and thanked the fan who gave her the flower as she was promoting her movie "  W.E. " in Italy this week . But as she put it under the table , she told the person next to her she hates the flowers . "  He obviously does n't know that , " she adds . A video of the remark has gone viral online , with more than 1 million views on YouTube already , and it 's apparently not winning her new fans -- it 's getting nearly twice as many "  dislikes " as "  likes . " A Madonna rep defended the star 's preferences . "  She 's entitled to like any flower she wants and she did n't want to hurt the feeling of the hydrangeas of the world , " the rep said in a short statement . "  No disrespect to the hydrangeas lovers of the world but she prefers different types of flowers . "	The pop star says she "  loathes " the flowers after she gets a huge purple one in Venice A video of the remark goes viral , getting more than a million views so far A rep says Madonna did n't mean to hurt anyone 's feelings
CNN  -- Last July , the world celebrated the birth of its newest nation as South Sudan officially separated from the north . It was hoped then that after decades of bloodshed , the people of of both nations would finally know peace . But just a few months later , refugee camps are filling to the brim as fighting in the border states of Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile has intensified and displaced more than 400,000 people . They arrive at the camps in trucks , on camels and even by foot , said Jean-Pierre Amigo , a field coordinator with Medicins Sans Frontieres  MSF  or Doctors Without Borders . "  The number of people is increasing every day , " Amigo said . Fighting erupted between Sudan 's army and South Sudan rebels in Southern Kordofan even before independence was formalized . The violence spread to Blue Nile in September . The Enough Project , which works to expose genocide and crimes against humanity , recently documented killings and rape by Sudanese forces in Blue Nile . "  The civilian toll from an indiscriminate aerial bombardment campaign is rising , " said a field dispatch from the Enough Project . The United Nations has appealed for money to help civilians caught in the violence . "  We are looking at a deteriorating humanitarian situation in the areas out of which the refugees in neighboring South Sudan and Ethiopia have fled , " Peter de Clercq , the United Nations ' acting humanitarian coordinator in Sudan , said this month . That in addition to the crisis in the Darfur region -- where war broke out in 2003 and 3.75 million people still need help -- qualifies Sudan as one of the world 's largest humanitarian crises , according to the United Nations . The world body is asking for $ 1.06 billion to help 4.2 million people in 2012 . Amigo of MSF is witnessing firsthand the human suffering caused by protracted conflict . The medical charity has ratcheted up efforts in the area to deal with a full-scale emergency . Amigo said among the new arrivals at Alfuj refugee camp was a 70-year-old woman who was brought in a donkey cart . She had traveled days with six bullet wounds in her back . Half of one her hands was gone . Many of the people seeking refuge at Alfuj are suffering from respiratory disease , malaria and malnutrition , Amigo said . They told MSF they had been on the move since September , at first hiding in wooded areas near their crops but eventually fleeing their homes altogether . At Alfuj , mothers are delivering babies under trees , Amigo said . MSF has set up a 24-hour maternity ward . No one here has a mosquito net . They share drinking holes with cattle . Or women and girls wait for up to 12 hours to fill a plastic can from a water pump . MSF installed a massive water bladder to bring some relief . MSF has also been feeding children high-nutrition biscuits . Without any other aid agency at Alfuj , it has been difficult for the MSF staff , Amigo said . "  As a medical organization , we can not help everyone there , " Amigo said . "  We can not meet all the needs . " Earlier this month , the United Nations refugee agency airlifted relief supplies from neighboring Kenya . The C-130 Hercules transport planes carried plastic sheets and rolls , sleeping mats , blankets , mosquito nets , buckets , jerry cans and kitchen sets . "  These supplies are desperately needed , " said Vivian Tan , spokeswoman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees in the South Sudan capital , Juba . "  Families often arrive here exhausted , hungry , cold or sick . We have already distributed whatever we had on the ground , including aid from Juba and Malakal . Our local warehouse is almost empty now . " But few of those supplies have reached Alfuj , where access is difficult because of bad road conditions . South Sudan is independent now , Amigo said , but not free from crisis . The MSF staff saw 400 malnourished children in one day at Alfuj . There is no doubt in Amigo 's mind that they were addressing an acute emergency .	Fighting in two border states has intensified and displaced thousands Many are arriving at refugee camps where malnutrition and disease are rampant A Doctors Without Borders staffer says the charity is addressing an acute emergency South Sudan became gained independence last July
Beijing  CNN  -- Zhang Xin grew up in poverty and at the age of 14 began a laboring job in a factory . Today , she is richer than Donald Trump , Steven Spielberg and Oprah Winfrey . Zhang , a Chinese real estate developer , is the seventh richest self-made woman in the world , worth $ 3.6 billion , according to Forbes . She 's worth $ 800 million more than Oprah Winfrey , the world 's best known self-made female billionaire . Not only does Zhang 's rags-to-riches story mirror that of China itself , but it is Zhang who has shaped much of the country 's modern urban landscape , with the logo of her company SOHO China on the side of buildings wherever you turn in Beijing . SOHO China has 18 developments in Beijing , many of them landmark buildings , and has recently expanded to Shanghai , where it has bought or built 11 properties . Two of her Beijing projects -- one completed last year and another under construction -- are designed by the Pritzker Prize-winning architect Zaha Hadid . Zhang , 47 , was born in Beijing just before Mao Zedong 's Cultural Revolution , when educated people like her parents were sent to the fields for "  re-education . " She returned to Beijing with her mother , but they endured poverty and hardship . "  I was born and grew up when the city was very quiet : no cars , no shops , no lights , no machines . People were just on bicycles , " she said . At 14 , she and her mother moved to Hong Kong , where she spent five years in low-paid factory jobs , manufacturing toys , clothes and electronics , trying to save enough to go to England for an education . "  As a new immigrant to Hong Kong with no education , no background , did n't even speak the local language or dialect , Cantonese , and it was just a hard way to live in Hong Kong , " said Zhang . It took Zhang five years to save enough for a plane ticket to London and an English language course . She won a scholarship to university , studied for a master 's degree in economics at Cambridge University and landed her first job at Goldman Sachs in New York . Instead of remaining in her comfortable life in Wall Street , Zhang returned to Beijing , where she met her husband , and together they started SOHO China . "  There was excitement of people talking about how to change China , and it was a very intellectually vibrant time , " she said . "  I felt that this country was really making a transition , and I wanted to be a part of that . " Since Zhang and her husband , Pan Shiyi , formed SOHO China in 1995 , it has become China 's largest commercial real estate developer , with 56 million square feet in prime developments in Beijing and Shanghai . While Zhang 's story is incredible -- giving her celebrity status in China -- it is not unique . Of Forbes ' 2013 list of 24 self-made female billionaires , six are from China  including one from Hong Kong  , more than any other country outside the United States . "  I think women of our generation went through Cultural Revolution , went through hardship , coming from nowhere , and suddenly see China 's amazing opportunity , " said Zhang . "  So women just seized the opportunity . " Zhang has a following of more than 5 million on Weibo , the Chinese social media site often compared with Twitter , where she shares her views on business , current affairs and architecture . But despite her financial success , Zhang , who practices the Baha'i faith , avoids excessive trappings of wealth , even suggesting her 14-year-old son find a job in McDonald 's or KFC . He tried , but was too young to be accepted . "  It 's not easy to be my sons because we 're very high profile . We try so hard to give them a normal life , " she said . "  I 'm very , very tight with them about money . I do n't give that money until they ask , ' I need 100 yuan for my lunch card , ' and so on . So they never have extra money . But I think that still can not compare to how we came , where we came  from  . "	Zhang Xin runs China 's largest real estate developer with her husband Worth $ 3.6 billion , she is the world 's seventh richest self-made woman She grew up in poverty during China 's Cultural Revolution
CNN  -- Malala Yousafzai stared death in the face a year ago when a Taliban gunman shot her in the head . The militants still want to kill her , but she has learned to turn the other cheek , she said . The Pakistani Taliban issued a new death threat this week against the 16-year-old . She has been fighting for years for the right of girls to get an education , putting her at odds with the Islamist militants . Jon Stewart asked her what she would do if a Taliban assassin came calling again . "  I 'll tell him how important education is , and that I even want education for your children as well , " she said Tuesday . And I would tell him , ` that 's what I want to tell you , now do what you want . ' " Fighting the Taliban is important , but through peace , dialogue and education , she said . But the Taliban often prefer to let their guns do the talking . They would target her again , if she came back to Pakistan , a spokesman for the militant group told CNN on Monday . Malala has lived outside of her homeland ever since she was shot last year . Spokesman Shahidullah Shahid said the teenager was targeted because she was used in propaganda against the Taliban . Gordon Brown : How Malala forced terrorists onto defensive "  The girl has been used by the Pakistani administration for propaganda against the Taliban and had been involved in a fake-anti Taliban and anti-Islam propaganda and was targeted , " Shahid said . "  Yes , if there is any opportunity we can target , she would be on our hit list again . " The Taliban would target her again if given the chance , he said , just as it would target anyone who opposes the group . He denied she was targeted for promoting education for girls . "  Taliban are not opposed to girls education , if it 's within the ambit of Shariah and Islamic education , but they could not support anti-Islamic agendas and Westernized education systems , " Shahid said . The militant group destroyed over 170 schools between 2007 and 2009 , the U.N. said . Malala was 15 when gunmen jumped onto her school bus in Pakistan 's Swat Valley on October 9 , 2012 , and shot her in the head . She survived and underwent brain surgery in Britain . She recovered and addressed the United Nations in New York on her 16th birthday , July 12 . "  They thought that the bullets would silence us , but they failed , " she said . "  And then , out of that silence , came thousands of voices . " The Taliban 's actions sparked large protests in Pakistan and condemnation worldwide . In a BBC interview published Monday , she said the Taliban are "  misusing the name of Islam . " "  Killing people , torturing people and flogging people ... it 's totally against Islam , " she said . Taliban to Malala : Why we shot you The Taliban banned girls from schools in the Swat Valley in 2009 . Malala anonymously blogged for the BBC in opposition to that order and became an open advocate for girls ' education , telling CNN in 2011 , "  I have the right of education . I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . I have the right to go to market . I have the right to speak up . " This year , the Malala Fund was created to support education for girls around the world . Malala 's name has been mentioned in speculation about the Nobel Peace Prize , due to be announced Friday . Her memoir , "  I am Malala , " will be published Tuesday . And on October 18 , she is expected to attend a "  Youth , Education and the Commonwealth " reception hosted by Queen Elizabeth at Buckingham Palace . In the BBC interview , she said she wants to return to Pakistan someday and continue her fight . "  I will be a politician in my future , " the told the BBC . "  I want to change the future of my country and I want to make education compulsory . " CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Malala says she wants to return to Pakistan someday and run for office Taliban still want her dead , spokesman says Malala survived the shooting and spoke at the United Nations on her 16th birthday She had resisted a Taliban order against girls in schools in Swat Valley
CNN  -- J.K. Rowling still has some tricks up her sleeve . The "  Harry Potter " author is returning to the world of wizards that made her famous , but it 's not going to be with a new book -- and it 's not going to feature The Boy Who Lived . J.K. Rowling revealed as secret author of crime novel Instead , Rowling is going to make her screenwriting debut with a movie centered around one of Harry Potter 's textbooks , "  Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them , " and the sojourns of its author , Newt Scamander . According to Rowling , she became intrigued with the idea after a proposal from studio Warner Bros. . The author says in a statement that the studio  which shares a parent company with CNN  approached her "  with the suggestion of turning ` Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them ' into a film , " which she thought could be interesting , but was n't excited to see handled by another writer . After inspiration struck for what she could do with the story , she says she ended up pitching her own plot . "  Having lived for so long in my fictional universe , I feel very protective of it and I already knew a lot about Newt , " Rowling says . "  As hard-core ` Harry Potter ' fans will know , I liked him so much that I even married his grandson , Rolf , to one of my favorite characters from the ` Harry Potter ' series , Luna Lovegood . " Not just J.K. Rowling : Best-selling female authors with male monikers But while "  Fantastic Beasts " pulls inspiration from the "  Potter " universe , Rowling is very clear that this movie is n't a prequel or a sequel of that franchise , which ended with 2011 's "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 . " Instead , with the project being "  set in the worldwide community of witches and wizards where I was so happy for 17 years , " Rowling says it should be considered "  an extension of the wizarding world . The laws and customs of the hidden magical society will be familiar to anyone who has read the ` Harry Potter ' books or seen the films , but Newt 's story will start in New York , 70 years before Harry 's gets under way . " J.K. Rowling penning ` Harry Potter ' encyclopedia According to Warner Bros. , "  Fantastic Beasts " will be the first in a planned series of films . In addition to the new franchise , Warner Bros. . Entertainment has also entered into an "  expanded creative partnership " with Rowling , which will cover projects like video games , digital initiatives and tourist attractions . For Warner Bros. , this has to be a day of celebration . All told , the eight films produced based on Rowling 's best-selling books have earned more than $ 7.7 billion worldwide , which by 2011 helped it edge out "  Star Wars " as the top-grossing film series ever .	J.K. Rowling will make her screenwriting debut with a wizarding movie It 'll be based on one of Harry Potter 's textbooks Studio Warner Bros. says it 's the first in a film series
Washington  CNN  -- A filing on behalf of basketball superstar LeBron James dismisses as "  rank speculation " claims by a Washington lawyer that he is the athlete 's biological father , saying the man has "  delusions " about alleged family ties . Lawyers for James and his mother filed papers in federal court Monday seeking to dismiss a pending lawsuit . Leicester Stovell alleges the NBA all-star and his family have been involved in a cover-up to deny paternity , by committing fraud and misrepresentation . The 14-page document said Stovell had completely failed to prove any of the facts alleged in his June 23 complaint . And they said he was motivated only by fame and money , calling Stovell 's actions a "  fanciful hope for celebrity . " The lawsuit claims Stovell met James ' mother , Gloria , in a Washington bar and restaurant in 1984 , when she was visiting from Ohio . She was 15 or 16 at the time , and Stovell says they had sex only once , and was informed by Gloria James months later that she was pregnant . He claims she told him the child would be named LeBron , similar to Leicester Bryce , Stovell 's first and middle names . Stovell is asking for unspecified millions of dollars in damages , and says he has been trying for three years to establish paternity , which he hopes would lead to financial and commercial opportunities . He is a solo legal practitioner in the District of Columbia , and filed the lawsuit on his own behalf . He alleges a DNA test that showed he was not James ' father was falsified . James ' attorneys , Frederick Nance and John Burlingame , dismissed those suggestions in often mocking tones aimed at the plaintiff . "  Stovell 's claims for millions of dollars from his putative son and Gloria James are based upon rank speculation , " said the court filing , "  that a man who claims that as a 29-year-old lawyer he got a 15-year-old girl pregnant during a one-night stand and who never contributed a penny in child support would earn millions in commercial endorsements by crawling out of the woodwork after the child he never gave a thought to became an NBA star . " James , a native of Akron , Ohio , recently left the Cleveland Cavaliers to sign with the Miami Heat for what is believed to be one of the richest sports contracts in history . He is the reigning most valuable player of the NBA , and has carefully cultivated a public image as one of the most popular and talented athletes . The complaint filed June 23 by Stovell said , "  I recently have concluded that a comprehensive , sophisticated and well-funded effort might well have been under way for quite some time , perhaps beginning in its present form as early as when defendant LeBron James was in high school , to frustrate identification of his real father , and that there is a likelihood that the father in question is me . " James ' lawyers think otherwise . "  Stovell may truly believe that he is the father of LeBron James , even though a DNA test has told him otherwise . But his delusions do not give rise to a cause of action against either Gloria or LeBron James . " Public records show Stovell is a former government attorney with the Securities and Exchange Commission . He filed a lawsuit in 2002 against the agency , alleging racial discrimination . Federal court records show the case was settled when the SEC paid him $ 230,000 , while not admitting fault .	Man claims to be LeBron James ' biological father Lawyers for James and his mother seek dismissal of a lawsuit the man filed Leicester Stovell is seeking unspecified millions in damages
CNN  -- I 'm somewhere between a car camper and an outdoor enthusiast . It did take me over 10 months of owning hiking boots to actually start breaking them in , but I know how to build a campfire and I 'm not afraid of a few days without a shower . When my boyfriend , Matt , an REI credit card-carrying outdoor adventurer , mentioned he wanted to do the four-day , 31-mile North Rim hike in Yosemite in June , I was excited for the chance to prove that I was more of a backpacker than he thought . I expected to be challenged mentally and physically , and as time would tell , it was for good reason . We encountered almost every type of backcountry terrain -- me with a 30-pound pack on my back and Matt carrying a 50-pound pack . An hour into our hike , we met Mike and Rick , two men who coincidentally planned the same trek . Their companionship was a godsend to both groups . When I was safely out of the woods  literally  , I talked to Les Stroud , the Discovery Channel 's "  Survivorman , " about our experience to see what we did right and what we could have done better . 12 Appalachian Trail secrets The rockslides We began on a trail where rockslides had overtaken multiple parts of the route , littering our path with large boulders . It would have been easier on a day hike with smaller packs , but we had to stay conscious of our body weight with the added weight of our gear on the unstable terrain . We reached a point where we had to head vertically from our location . It turns out when blazing the trail , crews began at separate ends and never met . We had missed the first marker telling us to head up the hill but now caught the second marker . Going up looked easier than it was -- recent rain had left the hill muddy and covered with loose rocks that were easily dislodged . For fear of us both walking into a dangerous situation , Matt decided to get both packs up to the trail before coming back to find a safer route for me . Luckily , Rick and Mike had hit the first marker and waited for Matt at the top of the hill . Without their help , it would have been a challenge to get both packs up to the trail . Survivorman says : "  When climbing over difficult terrain , look at what 's beneath your feet . Step back and look at what 's before you . You get a better picture when you step backwards and get a look at everything . It 's also important in these situations that it 's not about speed . Speed will kill you in a survival situation . If you 're walking into trouble , walking faster means you walk into it faster . " Independence Pass a road worth traveling A wrong turn and snow With the rockslides behind us , the four of us hiked and made camp while it was still light out . I 'll admit , I thought about calling the trip off that night . But the next day , we decided we could still accomplish part of the hike . The group agreed to cut the trip a day shorter and hike out a different trail . That morning was a steady climb through the forest and then up a granite slope . From the very beginning , we consulted a GPS , two topography maps and a compass . When we hit the granite slope , the GPS showed that we were a bit off , but still heading in the right direction to meet back up with the trail . With views of sharp cliffs striped with waterfalls and rows of steep mountains covered in trees , I joked that we had stumbled upon the scenic route . Even with the view , the granite seemed like it would never end . When it did , a huge expanse of snow stretched out in front of us . The rangers had mentioned it was abnormal to have snow in June but said we would hit it at El Capitan ; this snow was much sooner . Our rented snowshoes combined with Mike and Rick 's walking sticks helped immensely . With the snowdrifts more than 6 feet deep at points , Matt and Mike took the snowshoes to punch out a more solid path for Rick and me . As the afternoon progressed , we realized that we were n't seeing trail markers on the trees -- only two after four hours of solid hiking . The GPS and maps were also giving slightly varied directions , so we stopped every few minutes to orient ourselves . Survivorman says : "  If you know you 're going off course , mark your trail . Blaze your own trail . Make deep snowshoes in a snowbank . Turn over or stack rocks . As you 're going forward , stop , and look backwards because the trail does not look the same going back . If you end up doubling back and you do n't do that , you do n't have the perspective of what it 's like going back . There 's no harm in going back to where the blaze or trail was and really scan , like a camera in pan mode , to see the natural path of least resistance . That 's probably the path the people before you took . " 8 perfect summer lake towns Making the call With our early start , we should have had plenty of time to cover the six miles to El Cap . After hiking a good four miles , it was still nowhere in sight . With snow on the ground and quick-moving storms possible at our altitude , we hit a turning point around 3 p.m. . We could hear a creek but could n't figure out if it was the creek labeled on the map . We continued to head east in hopes of finding the right creek , but the clouds were changing quickly and each moment we spent venturing meant a longer haul to a safe camping spot . From the very first hour , our group 's motto was "  do n't do anything stupid . " After weighing the options , I felt it would be a risk to keep plowing into uncertainty . Our group talked about the variables and opted to be safe rather than sorry . We made quick time back to a campsite we had seen earlier , an ideal , snow-free area with trees on three sides for cover from the elements . We set up camp and spent the night regrouping , changing our plans yet again . We would wake up early and double back to our old campsite , then take an alternate route , with creek crossings rather than rockslides , out of the forest . Survivorman says : "  Once you get into panic mode , one of the things you need is knowledge . You assess . What do I have on me ? Am I injured ? How much food do I have ? You keep assessing outward . Internal , external , big external . Now you have knowledge and you can make a decision . Remember that survival is active , not a passive pursuit . You have to actively choose . " Creek crossings We woke up at sunrise and set out following our tracks from the day before . With a clear trail of footsteps to follow , we covered ground at twice the speed . We hit our original campsite earlier than expected and soon were on the trail that led to the creek crossings . Fellow hikers along the trail told us we 'd need to take our socks and boots off to cross the two creeks . Both had rushing water and rocky , often slick , beds . The first creek came up to our knees . The second was about 3 feet deep and 20 feet wide . When we hit the second one , we all gave each other looks that said , "  Really ? Are we crazy ? " We had to cross sooner or later , so we decided on the safest route , and I took my boots off and hung them around my neck . Using walking sticks , I went in , testing out each step before I took it . The three men followed , and all of us emerged drenched from the waist down but with all our gear intact . Survivorman says : "  Keep your gear . Try to never abandon your gear . " We were ecstatic . We had conquered the last big challenge we 'd face on the trail . You never know what you 're capable of until you have no other choice ; as a newbie to backpacking , that was probably the most gratifying thought I walked away with from my trip to Yosemite . Though we never completed our original route , the journey was worth it . With civilization less than three miles away , the sun shining and a hot shower and a cold beer waiting , it seemed like everything from that point on was a walk in the park .	A four-day , 31-mile hike along Yosemite 's North Rim did n't go exactly as planned Weather and difficulty finding trail markers led hikers to change their planned route The hikers endured different types of terrain and multiple challenges The group was prepared with GPS , maps , a compass and gear for various conditions
CNN  -- It 's been a grueling campaign . You just want to sit down with a bowl of popcorn and find out who will be president for the next four years . So when will we know ? Technically speaking -- who the heck can say ? With a race that went into Election Day neck and neck , and plenty of questions about how key battleground states will play out , it 's reasonable to assume a long night is in store . What to watch for It could be even longer if the election ends up balanced on the edge of a razor-thin vote in Ohio or if voting irregularities spark legal challenges in any of a number of critical states . Either situation could drag out the decision until mid-November or even longer , analysts say . Whatever happens , some indications should begin to trickle in now that the first waves of poll closings have come , ending voting in Virginia , Florida , Ohio and other key states . West Coast states and Hawaii will stop voting at 11 p.m. ET , and the last Americans will cast their ballots in Alaska by 1 a.m. ET Wednesday . The first place to look : Virginia , according to analysts . But the reporting of results was paused after 7 p.m. because many voters remained in line after the scheduled poll closing time , the state Board of Elections said . When results do come in , Prince William County will be a key indicator , CNN chief national correspondent John King said . "  One of the first things I 'll look at are the margins in the northern Virginia suburbs closest to Washington , D.C. , especially Prince William County , " he said . Drama awaits in battleground states "  If Gov. Romney is ahead or at least in play there , it means Virginia is in play , and we could have a long , competitive night , " King said . "  If he 's not in play , it could be over before we even get to the Central time zone . " CNN 's chief politcal analyst , Gloria Borger , agreed that Virginia will have a lot to say about what happens later . "  We have to look at Loudoun County in Virginia , and if the president were to win Virginia , obviously , the path to 270 is a lot easier for him , " she said . "  But if Mitt Romney wins Virginia , it could be a much longer night . " CNN political reporter Peter Hamby said that results from early and absentee balloting in Pasco County , Florida , could also offer a tantalizing glimpse of what the night may hold . Barack Obama won the early and absentee vote in the slightly Republican-leaning county in 2008 . If Obama comes up trailing when those early votes are posted soon after polls close , it could indicate the president might have trouble carrying Florida and its crucial electoral votes , according to Hamby . Frum : U.S. voting system is a disgrace If Ohio becomes key to the election , it 's possible that bag of popcorn is n't going to hold you . If the margin separating Romney and Obama is particularly thin , the election in that key battleground state could ride on absentee and provisional ballots . And that could keep the nation in suspense for a whopping 10 days . Ohio provisional ballots hold key That 's how long Ohio law gives poll workers to check the eligibility of provisional voters . Ohio has one of the nation 's highest rates of provisional voting , with 211,000 cast in 2008 , according to Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted . About 40,000 were later thrown out . Husted says he thinks the election in Ohio will hinge on the state 's central counties , and the results will be known before midnight . "  I really believe that we will be able to project a winner tonight , " he said . "  I think that people will have to stay up past their bedtime to be able to do that . But it 's likely that we 'll know by the end of the evening . " Popular-electoral split is possible The worst nightmare scenario is a redux of 2000 , when the nation suffered through weeks of uncertainty amid recounts and legal challenges surrounding the vote in Florida . And , sorry to say it , as tightly contested as this race is , it is a possibility , analysts say . "  Between provisional balloting , absentee balloting and voting technology , I think there are untold different ways that this is a tense , contested election , " said Rebecca Green , co-director of the Election Law Program at William & Mary Law School . "  It 's pretty certain there 's going to be some litigation when this is over on November 6 . " As we said -- who knows ? Election 2012 : Projections CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : Reporting of results paused in Virginia Presidential results could be delayed if battleground Ohio is particularly close Polls begin closing at 7 p.m. ET Virginia could be an early indicator , CNN 's John King says
CNN  -- Sabine Lisicki survived another emotional roller coaster to claim her place in the women 's singles final at Wimbledon with a thrilling three-set victory over fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska Thursday . The 23rd seed from Germany will play Marion Bartoli of France Saturday , the winners progressing to the title match by vastly contrasting routes . 15th seed Bartoli took little over an hour to end the dream run of Belgian Kirsten Flipkens 6-1 6-2 in the first semifinal . Lisicki , who caused the upset of all upsets when she dispatched defending champion Serena Williams on Monday , was again taken the full distance by Radwanska before winning 4-6 2-6 9-7 in two hours 18 minutes of compelling action on Centre Court . Like in her match against No. 1 seed Williams , Lisicki trailed by a break in the decider and looked to be heading for the exit door until summoning up a stirring comeback . "  In the third set I was down 3-0 and I thought ' I did it against Serena , I can do it again , " she told BBC Sport . "  It was unbelievable , I think the last few games were so exciting . It was a battle and I 'm just so happy to have won it , " she added . Radwanska , beaten by Williams in last year 's final , appeared to have taken a stranglehold on the match when she recovered from an early break down in the second set to win eight of the next nine games . But the 23-year-old Lisicki , who has become an instant crowd favorite at SW19 , battled back to serve for the match at 5-4 , only to be broken again . Radwanska kept on the pressure to force Lisicki to hold her own service twice to stay in the championship but in the 15th game fell behind again . Serving for a place in the final for the second time , Lisicki held her nerve and took it on her second match point before falling to the turf in trademark celebration . Bartoli , who revealed after her victory that she had taken a half hour nap shortly before coming out for one of the most important matches of her career , emerged from her slumbers to dismiss 20th seed Flipkens . Looking to follow in the footsteps of famous compatriots such as Kim Clijsters and Justine Henin , Flipkens looked nervous and tentative from the start and could not repeat the form which had seen her knock out 2011 Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova . "  I was asleep from 12 until 1230 , you can ask the physio , " Bartoli said . "  And I was still razor-sharp right from the start . " She put out Henin in the 2007 semifinals before going on to lose in straight sets to Venus Williams and will be looking to go one better against Lisicki , who is appearing in her first grand slam final . Lisicki will bid to become the first German to win a major since Steffi Graf in the 1999 French Open . She revealed that Graf had sent her a good luck text ahead of her semifinal against Radwanska . In other Wimbledon action Thursday , top seeds Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan of the United States beat Rohan Bopanna  India  and Edouard Roger-Vasselin of France 6-7 6-4 6-3 5-7 6-3 to reach the final of the men 's doubles . The Bryans will play the Croatian-Brazil pair of Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo after they beat the Indian and Czech combination of Leander Paes and Radek Stepanek , also in five sets .	Sabine Lisicki to play Marion Bartoli in Wimbledon singles final Lisicki won three-set thriller against Agnieszka Radwanska Bartoli beat Kirsten Flipkens 6-1 6-2 in first semifinal on Centre Court Women 's singles has been marked by shock exits of star players
CNN  Of the slew of expensive ads streaming into our living rooms courtesy of this Sunday 's Super Bowl XLIX , there 's one commercial that I hope all 100 million viewers watch carefully . It 's only 30 seconds long . The visuals pan the inside of a family 's house with a few pictures of kids on the walls . The dialogue is simple . A woman orders pizza from a 911 operator . After a moment of frustration , the dispatcher catches on that this woman is in trouble , and pretending to order pizza from 911 is the only way she can call the police . This commercial , created by the advocacy group No More , is the only TV ad that has ever made me bury my head in my hands and sob . Listening to the woman ask for help reminded me of the two policemen who came to my home 23 years ago when my abusive husband choked me and beat me so severely I thought he would kill me . With the recent controversy over Baltimore Ravens ' running back Ray Rice , and San Francisco 's Ray McDonald alleged sexual assault of a woman , the NFL badly needs some good PR when it comes to violence against women . The league has not historically taken abuse by players seriously . According to the USA Today NFL arrest database , there have been 89 family violence arrests of NFL players since January 2000 , making domestic violence the worst crime category within the NFL . In the first few weeks of 2015 , one NFL player , New Orleans ' Junior Galette , was arrested for alleged assault of a woman in his home . He denied the allegation . But the bigger problem is n't going away . The NFL 's refusal to understand domestic violence and punish offenders obviously needs to change . Although the league deserves polite applause for using the most-watched sporting event of the year to raise awareness about domestic violence , one powerful ad is n't going to solve the problem . The NFL seems committed to penalizing domestic violence perpetrators through its new Personal Conduct Policy . It has hired domestic violence advocates such as Cynthia Hogan , one of the original authors of the Congress ' 1993 Violence Against Women Act . But there are easy things we can all do to end domestic violence . The first : learn how complex and cold-blooded abuse is . Intimate partner abuse has nothing to do with testosterone , or playing or watching sports . It does n't even necessarily have anything to do with being male . Relationship abuse is a systematic pattern of psychological and/or physical domination , perpetrated by both men and women at alarming rates across all ethnicities , income levels , educational degrees , religions and nationalities . Relationship violence is one of our society 's most common , underreported and underprosecuted felony crimes . Here are a few misconceptions to explode on Super Bowl Sunday  and all other days of the year  : Smart women are never domestic violence victims Domestic violence occurs in all communities and all countries . Without a doubt , someone from your school , your neighborhood , your church or your workplace is currently being abused . The major risk factor : being young and female ; women 18-24 are three times as likely to be abuse victims , and one in four women will be physically abused by an intimate partner at some point in her life -- regardless of her IQ or diploma . If you are being abused , just leave Abusers often threaten to kill victims if they leave ; statistics show that most domestic violence homicides happen after the relationship has ended . Victims often have children , pets , homes , family members and jobs to protect . It takes an average of seven attempts -- often over the span of years -- to escape a domestic violence relationship . Leaving is rarely easy . The abuse stops when you end the relationship Financial abuse , stalking and battles over children are common post-relationship abuse vehicles to manipulate and harm victims . Many of the 15 million children who witness family violence every year pay the abuse forward ; boys who are exposed to violence in their homes are more likely to abuse their own partners and children later in life . Abuse is a women 's issue How can this be true , when millions of boys are victims of family abuse , and over 96 % of convicted abuse perpetrators are male ? Actor and singer Harry Belafonte said it best : "  Men , who created violence against women , are the ones who should end violence against women . " It will never happen to me That 's what I thought growing up in Washington , DC in a nonviolent family of Harvard graduates . I thought I could n't possibly be stupid enough to let a man beat me , until my husband , also an Ivy League graduate , choked me five days before our wedding . During our marriage he held a gun to my head , pushed me downstairs , routinely called me "  retard , " and repeatedly threatened to kill our dog . Abuse can happen to anyone . Although the police had evidence , my husband was not arrested or charged ; at the time I had no idea that physical abuse was a crime , and I would have protested that I was a strong , smart woman in love with a troubled man , but not a battered wife . There 's nothing I can do to help Abuse thrives only in silence . Simply by talking about the complex realities of intimate partner violence with your friends , co-workers , and family , you establish yourself as a sympathetic resource for victims in the future . And please , take half a minute on Superbowl Sunday to watch this ad .	Leslie Steiner : There 's one ad that we should all watch during Sunday 's Super Bowl XLIX She says the NFL deserves praise for raising awareness about domestic violence , but one ad wo n't solve the problem
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Gunmen in Pakistan killed a leading prosecutor working on high-profile terrorism cases and an anti-Taliban politician and his son , the latest violence ahead of next week 's national elections . Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali was heading to a court in Rawalpindi , where he was trying a case stemming from the death of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , who was assassinated while she was campaigning for her party . Ali 's attackers opened fire on his car as it passed through an Islamabad neighborhood , police said . He was rushed to a hospital but died before arrival , said hospital spokesman Dr. Wasim Khawaja . The ambush also wounded his bodyguard , whom authorities assigned to protect him after he received threats from the Pakistani Taliban , according to police spokesman Javed Hussain . The unidentified gunmen fled and are still at large , police officials said . In Karachi , gunmen on a motorbike shot and killed Sadiq Zaman Khattak and his 4-year-old son when they were leaving a mosque , said Zahid Khan of Awami National Party , an anti-Taliban liberal party . Khattak , representing the Awami National Party , had been a candidate for a seat in the National Assembly . No one claimed responsibility for the attack , and Khan blamed the "  interim government " and election officials . The Taliban have threatened the Awami National Party and another liberal party , the Muttahida Quami Movement . The group has claimed responsibility for some deadly attacks against those party members . In a statement , Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari strongly condemned the attack on Ali and called for an investigation to "  expose the real culprits involved in the murder . " Bhutto had returned from a self-imposed , eight-year exile to campaign for the Pakistan People 's Party in the country 's general elections in 2007 . She escaped one attempt on her life but was killed on December 27 , 2007 , by a 15-year-old suicide bomber while campaigning in Rawalpindi , the seat of Pakistan 's military . Bhutto twice was prime minister and was the country 's first woman to hold the office . Ali had linked the assassin 's alleged facilitators , whom he was prosecuting , to the Pakistani Taliban , an allegation the court has yet to confirm . The Pakistani Taliban , who are closely linked with their namesake in Afghanistan and with al Qaeda , operate in the ungoverned area that sits on the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan . Police officials have also been arrested in the investigation , which has lasted nearly six years . Ali was also involved in the case of the terror attacks that struck Mumbai , India , in November 2008 . Ten heavily armed men , some from Pakistan , attacked landmarks there , including high-end hotels , the historic Victoria Terminus train station and the Jewish cultural center Chabad House . They killed more than 160 people in three days . Musharraf 's party calls for election boycott The All Pakistan Muslim League -- the party of former President Pervez Musharraf -- is calling for a boycott of the country 's May 11 parliamentary elections , the league said Friday . The party 's Central Executive Committee unanimously determined that Musharraf is being "  victimized . " And that 's a "  clear indication that the upcoming elections in Pakistan will not be free and fair , " Musharraf spokesman Raza Bokhari said . The league said that "  the stage is being set to enable pro-Taliban politicians in stealing the elections " and "  urged the people of Pakistan , especially the Youth of Pakistan , to see through this farce , stand up to Save Pakistan and join the APML in this boycott . " Musharraf resigned as president of Pakistan in 2008 after nine years in power and went into exile the following year , living in London and Dubai . He came back to Pakistan recently under heavy security but intending to return to political life . However , he has faced stiff barriers . After his return , Musharraf was placed under house arrest by an anti-terrorism court over allegations he illegally ordered the detention of judges in 2007 . He denies the charges against him . The ex-military strongman still has to face two other cases dating from his time in power . The first relates to claims he did not do enough to protect Bhutto 's life weeks before an election in which she hoped to return to office . Musharraf is also accused of ordering his troops to kill Nawab Akbar Bugti , a popular tribal leader , in the volatile province of Balochistan , in 2006 . Just recently , the high court in Peshawar banned Musharraf from politics for life , a move he can appeal . CNN 's Saima Mohsin contributed to this report .	NEW : Ex-President Pervez Musharraf 's party urges boycott of May 11 elections Prosecutor Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali is shot dead heading to court in Rawalpindi , police say Ali was trying the case stemming from death of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto A politician and his son also are gunned down in Karachi , party official says
CNN  -- Republican vice presidential nominee Gov. Sarah Palin vowed on Tuesday to use her executive experience to tackle government reform and energy independence if she and Sen. John McCain win this year 's presidential election . Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin speaks with CNN 's Drew Griffin Tuesday . "  It 's going to be government reform because that , that is what I 've been able to do as a mayor and as a governor , you , you take on the special interests and the self-dealings . Yep , you ruffle feathers and you have the scars to prove it , " Palin said Tuesday in an interview with CNN 's Drew Griffin . "  You have to take that on to give the American people that faith back in their own government . This is their government and we 've got to put it back on their side , " she said . Palin said she and McCain , the Republican presidential nominee , discussed the possibility of her working on the issue of energy independence if she becomes vice president . Watch Palin talk about potential plans for the vice-presidency " "  That 's been my forte as the governor of an energy producing state and as a former chair of the , of the energy regulator -- entity up there in Alaska , " she said . " -LSB- I -RSB- look forward to that and that 's a matter of national security and , and our economic prosperity opportunities . " Palin also said helping families with special needs children and cleaning up Wall Street were among the other "  missions " she and McCain had discussed . Palin emphasized her executive credentials as mayor of Wasilla , Alaska , and governor of Alaska , contrasting them with what she said was Sen. Barack Obama 's lack of leadership experience . "  We do n't like to toot our own horn so we do n't , " Palin said . "  But , I have , I do have more experience than Barack Obama does . You know , he had served for his 300 days before he became a presidential candidate and that was n't in , in executive office . " Watch Palin say she has more experience than Obama " Palin also apologized Tuesday for any misunderstanding caused when she referred last week to the patriotic values of "  the real America " and "  pro-America areas of this great nation . " Democrats and others criticized Palin for seeming to imply that some parts of the country are more patriotic than others . Palin denied that was her intention in an interview with CNN on Tuesday . "  I do n't want that misunderstood , " Palin said . "  If that 's the way it came across , I apologize . " The Alaska governor made the remarks at a fundraising event in North Carolina last week . "  We believe that the best of America is in these small towns that we get to visit , and in these wonderful little pockets of what I call the real America , being here with all of you hard-working , very patriotic , very pro-America areas of this great nation , " she told the crowd . On Tuesday , Palin also addressed Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Joe Biden 's comment that Sen. Barack Obama would be tested from the very beginning of his time in office . At a fundraiser Sunday night , Biden said that after taking office , "  it will not be six months before the world tests Barack Obama like they did John Kennedy . ... We 're going to have an international crisis , a generated crisis , to test the mettle of this guy . " Palin told Griffin that the comment points to the dangers of electing a relatively inexperienced person "  We need to thank Joe -LSB- Biden -RSB- for the warning , " Palin said . Watch Palin say the media gave Biden a pass " Biden 's point , according to a statement issued later , was that "  we need steady leadership in tumultuous times , not ... the stubborn ideology of John McCain . " Palin stopped short of labeling Obama a socialist Tuesday , although she and others have previously called his tax policies socialist . "  I 'm not going to call him a socialist , but as ` Joe the Plumber ' has said , it looks like socialism to him , " she said of Joe "  the plumber " Wurzelbacher . The GOP ticket and their supporters have invoked Joe the Plumber numerous times ever since the Ohio man confronted Obama about his tax policy in an impromptu campaign moment . Palin said Wurzelbacher is representative of "  Jane the engineer and Molly the dental hygienist and Chuck the teacher . " Obama defended his decision to raise taxes on couples earning more than $ 250,000 a year while cutting taxes for people with lower incomes , telling Wurzelbacher that "  when you spread the wealth around , it 's good for everybody . " Palin said the policy was "  not good for the entrepreneurial spirit that has built this great country , " the economy or small businesses . Watch the entire interview with Gov. Sarah Palin " Obama brushed off McCain and Palin 's characterization on Sunday in Fayetteville , North Carolina . "  John McCain thinks that giving these Americans a break is socialism , " Obama said . "  Well , I call it opportunity , and there is nothing more American than that . "	NEW : If elected , Palin says she will address energy issues , government reform NEW : Palin says she has more executive experience than Sen. Barack Obama Palin says she did not intend to imply that parts of America more patriotic than others Palin made the controversial remarks at a rally in North Carolina last week
CNN  -- Solange Knowles still is n't saying what prompted her elevator confrontation with her brother-in-law , Shawn "  Jay Z " Carter , but she will tell you one thing : She 's at peace about it . The 28-year-old singer and younger sister of Forbes ' world power Beyonce talks about the altercation in the August issue of Lucky magazine . Without going into detail about the brouhaha , which was caught on elevator surveillance video and dropped a bomb on Beyonce 's otherwise composed and inaccessible public persona , Solange says that she 's not dwelling on the past . "  What 's important is that my family and I are all good , " the younger Knowles says . "  What we had to say collectively was in the statement that we put out , and we all feel at peace with that . " Solange , Jay Z and Beyonce break their silence on elevator incident The now-infamous standoff occurred after the Met Gala on May 5 , when Solange , Beyonce and Jay Z were seen leaving New York City 's Standard Hotel . As security footage released by TMZ showed , Solange Knowles appeared to attack her brother-in-law , taking several swings at him and kicking , while her sister stood calmly next to her . The speculation surrounding the private moment could fill a book  or three  , and in response , the Knowles-Carter family addressed the rumors with a statement declaring their unity . Solange and Jay Z : The Internet knows "  T  he most important thing is that our family has worked through it , " the statement said of the "  unfortunate incident . " "  Jay and Solange each assume their share of responsibility for what has occurred . They both acknowledge their role in this private matter that has played out in the public . They both have apologized to each other and we have moved forward ... At the end of the day , families have problems and we 're no different . " In the aftermath of the video , much of the gossip zeroed in on Knowles ' relationship with her sister , as the curious public watched closely for signs of either sibling discord or solidarity . Yet according to Knowles , she and her sister have held tight to the values that were instilled in them as kids , to love and protect one another through anything . "  We 've always held each other down no matter what , " Knowles tells Lucky magazine . "  That 's something I 'm drilling into  my son  Julez now . "	Solange Knowles speaks about her elevator fight She says she and her family are at peace with what happened She also says she and her sister stick by one another "  no matter what "
EW.com  -- Is it easier being green or going viral ? Disney has launched a new digital series starring the Muppets in support of "  The Muppets Most Wanted " release on Blu-ray and DVD August 12 . The series , called "  Disney Drive-On with The Muppets , " follows the characters ' adventures in the movie industry and as they interact with various celebrities . Disney has already released episode 1 of the six-part series , in which Pepe the King Prawn is left in charge of the office and struggles to network with the stars . The remaining episodes , debuting on Fridays , will be available on Disney Movies Anywhere See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Disney has launched a new digital series It stars the Muppets and various celebs The first episode has been released
CNN  -- In a down economy , pursuing the American dream can be challenging , but restaurant owner Todd Steele was willing to take a chance . For nearly 20 years , Steele worked all levels of the restaurant game , from dishwasher to general manager , before partnering with his mom and opening his own eatery called Metrovino on Portland , Oregon 's , 11th Avenue streetcar line . "  I would not have picked this spot if it were n't for the streetcar , and my business has certainly benefited from our location , " Steele said . "  Streetcars are also a romantic way to travel , and they are fun to watch from inside Metrovino . " While America lost much of its love for streetcars as public transportation during the 1960s , a few cities have kept the romance burning . The heart of San Francisco includes its nearly 140-year-old electric cable car system . In New Orleans , the location for Tennessee Williams ' "  A Streetcar Named Desire , " many tourists are drawn by the picturesque St. Charles Avenue Line . The Obama administration recently offered some U.S. cities a piece of a $ 130 million federal fund for streetcar projects aimed at reducing traffic congestion , cutting pollution and reliance on foreign oil , and creating jobs . Transit systems in Dallas , St. Louis , Cincinnati and Charlotte , North Carolina , are slated to share grants from the Federal Transit Administration 's Urban Circulator program . Other cities have plans and other funding for streetcar projects , too . See map for key projects But not everyone is a fan of streetcars . "  This is a waste of money , " said Ron Utt of The Heritage Foundation . "  Streetcars certainly create jobs , but they are a poor investment and create little lasting value , " he said . "  Because it requires extensive ongoing subsidies , it is also unsustainable . Improving roads would be the better bet in most communities . " CNN iReporter Raymond Becich is a supporter . "  Sure , Portland paid incentives to businesses to build along the streetcar  line  , " he said . "  But how is this any different than any governmental jurisdiction giving tax breaks and other incentives for businesses to relocate to a city or state ? " Streetcars have transformed a "  blighted warehouse district ... into a vibrant area of shops , grocery stores , restaurants and apartments that provide entertainment and employment , " he said . But there 's nothing streetcars can do that buses ca n't do better , faster , safer and for far less money , said CATO Institute senior fellow Randal O'Toole . "  Even though a single light-rail train can hold more passengers than a bus , a bus route can move more passengers per hour than any light-rail line . " Portland 's streetcar system attracts about 12,000 daily riders at an average ticket cost of $ 1.47 . Its creators credit it with $ 3.5 billion in surrounding development , including shops , restaurants and 10,000 new housing units . Also , streetcars that run on either hydro or coal-generated electricity spit out less greenhouse gases per passenger mile than diesel buses , according to University of California researchers . So , what is a streetcar , exactly ? The transportation community generally defines it as a rail-based passenger tram that shares streets with cars and trucks . Becich said he rides his city 's system so often he 's considering selling his car . "  Riding public transportation in Portland is quick , easy and enjoyable , " he said . "  It 's absolutely easier than driving , and streetcar operators go out of their way to be helpful . " But is it faster than driving ? "  If you count the time from point A to B , it is slower to ride the streetcar , " Becich said . "  But if you factor in time to find a place to park and the cost of parking , it is more convenient and cheaper to ride the streetcar . " It 's no secret that public transit offers commuters an escape from hectic traffic and a chance to read , make phone calls or snooze . These transportation issues were recently at the heart of an $ 85 million question faced by leaders and residents of Fort Worth , Texas : Should they green-light a proposed three-mile streetcar line from LaGrave Field through downtown and into the near-south side ? After much debate , city leaders decided "  no " earlier this month "  because of the timing and questions regarding how it would be fully funded . " As many as 2,250 people were projected to use the system daily , according to a city study . Utt says that 's not very many riders , considering the cost of building and maintaining the line . "  Most ridership projections are overly optimistic , " he said . "  There are good reasons why most cities got rid of their trolley systems in the '50s and '60s . " Read state-by-state data on how commuters get to work A federal transportation official acknowledged that ridership is often low , according to industry studies . In Michigan , supporters are working to bring a light-rail line to revitalize downtown Detroit , a city among the hardest hit by the recession . But on Capitol Hill , a House transportation committee spokesman acknowledged that there may be less federal money available for streetcar projects as Republicans prepare to take control of the House in January . Transportation blogger Yonah Freemark agreed . "  Based on recent decisions by party members at the state and national level , that will mean a renewed emphasis on roadway projects and less proposed funding for transit . "	Obama administration touts streetcars as a way to vitalize urban economies Feds offer $ 130 million to cities in Texas , Missouri , North Carolina and Ohio Supporters : Streetcars will create jobs , cut pollution , reduce traffic , shrink oil dependence Opponents : Streetcar programs waste tax money that could be spent on road improvements
Denver  CNN  -- To the political world , October 3 is a high-stakes night in the presidential election . But for first lady Michelle Obama , it 's the date night that was n't . "  I told Barack , ` This , you know , attending a presidential debate on my 20th anniversary is probably the worst way for me to spend  it  . ' ... I get so nervous at these debates , " she said in a recent interview alongside her brother , Craig Robinson . 10 debate moments that mattered Twenty years ago , Michelle Robinson wed Barack Obama in a Chicago ceremony . She never would have predicted spending her 20th wedding anniversary on a double date with the Romneys . "  I would not have chosen this , but I 'm excited about it , " she said . Although the first lady will be in the audience in Denver to watch President Obama debate Wednesday night , she did not offer a critique of her husband , even when pressed . "  I really would probably be the worst person to assess his style or his techniques , " she said . In fact , she suggested that she worries about her own performance , with all eyes judging her every reaction . 5 things to watch in tonight 's debate "  There are the rules , and you do n't want to clap . ... So I 'm just trying to make sure I 'm following the rules , " Obama said . She may have jitters on debate day , but she was not nervous when she wed young Barack Obama in 1992 . Instead , she was focused on the next step : their honeymoon . "  It was just sort of , ` OK , now we 're going to do this , and we 'll get it done , and then we 'll go on our honeymoon , ' " she remembered . "  So I was really excited about the honeymoon , actually . " As for the groom , he had a cold . "  We were teasing him about ` OK , whatever you do , do n't sneeze while you 're saying your vows , " said Robinson , who served as a groomsman . "  I remember we had a big laugh about that . " But the first lady said the future president 's congestion vanished at the altar . "  My sister has that affect on people , " Robinson said with a laugh . Michelle Obama : I can make the president mad Robinson , the older of the siblings , who coaches the Oregon State University basketball team and has hit the court with his brother-in-law , insisted that the president 's playing style is that of a team player . "  One of the first things I saw on the basketball court was his lack of ego , " Robinson said . "  The game was n't about him . It was about the game and about his teammates . " Some observers have suggested that it is the first lady who grounds the president and keeps his ego in check , but Obama was adamant that this president is grounded on his own . "  Barack does n't have a big ego , " she said . "  That would kind of be the last thing that I would think of when I talk about my husband is big ego , because he does n't have that . So it 's not much to check . " Before the debate , iReporters square off Their similar values , she said , were part of the reason their union made sense and are something she references on the campaign trail . She has visited all of the battleground states during the 2012 election cycle on behalf of the Democratic ticket , enough stops to have her own stump speech . In her addresses , she describes the values she and her husband hold and how she believes his policies will positively affect voters across the country , particularly those in the middle class . She often says they were both taught the value of hard work . "  We learned that the truth matters , so you do n't take shortcuts or game the system or play by your own set of rules , " she said at a recent campaign stop in Richmond , Virginia , a line oft repeated in her speeches . First lady seeks to reignite flame for president She declined to discuss Mitt Romney 's values in contrast with her husband 's , but she did offer a contrast between herself and Ann Romney . The GOP nominee 's wife recently told her husband 's critics that running for president is hard . But Obama did not echo that sentiment . Ann Romney : ` Dad ' is always with Mitt at the debates "  The campaign experience is unique for everyone . ... For me , I really enjoyed campaigning , " she said . "  I get energy from it , and I always have . And I 've always said that . That it 's , I never thought a few years ago that I would enjoy it this much , but I really do . " Despite the first couple 's campaign schedule , they make a point to be home for dinner at 6:30 p.m. . The president admitted that might contribute to his difficulty cultivating relationships in the nation 's capital . But the first lady was quick to defend their schedule , saying there is never a downside to family time and suggesting that the 44th president is setting a good example for other fathers across the country . Family , she said , is "  at the core of this country . " "  I mean , in the end , this is what we 're here for , " she added . "  We 're here to make sure that we 're giving every family an opportunity to have the kind of stability and opportunities for the future , for themselves and for their kids . And I think the best thing we can do is to model that in our own homes . " She said that the Obamas are trying to provide as normal a life as possible for their two daughters , Malia and Sasha , but that neither she nor the president "  plays the heavy . " "  This is the thing I like about Barack . ... He is very good at reinforcing the rules and boundaries that we set . We never get into that ` but Dad said . ' We 're very good at not letting the kids play off of us , " she said . Michelle Obama convention speech dress dazzles , scores Michelle Obama said the threat of withholding television on the weekends helps keep the girls out of trouble . "  They already have limited TV time , " she said . "  Trust me , if you only get two hours on Saturday and to lose those two hours , you do n't . " Although a childhood in the White House is by no means normal , Robinson claimed they still seem like the girls he knew in Chicago . "  What 's amazing for me is to watch , when I come to the White House , it 's the White House . ... But inside , in the living quarters , watching my sister and the president operate with their family , it 's refreshing , because the only thing that 's different is they 're in the White House , " Robinson said . "  It does n't seem normal , because we 're from the South Side of Chicago , but the behavior 's all normal . " The first lady said she is too focused on the November election to offer specifics on what her potential second-term agenda would look like but said she would continue work on issues she 's championed in the president 's first term . She has advocated on behalf of veterans returning home from service and healthy living practices among young people through her Let 's Move campaign . She often speaks to women on the campaign trail ; the number of them in poverty has grown during President Obama 's term to a 17-year high . She said this presidential election "  could n't be more important for women " when it comes to equal pay , health care and making decisions about "  our bodies . " "  As a woman and as a mother with two girls , I want to make sure that my daughters make those decisions for themselves , " Obama said . "  So many issues will impact the quality of our lives as women for decades to come . ... I 'm spending a lot of time out there talking to women to make sure that they understand all that 's on the line . " Ann Romney touts her husband 's softer side	Obamas will spend 20th wedding anniversary with the Romneys ... at debate "  Barack does n't have a big ego , " Michelle Obama says Family , she said , is "  at the core of this country " Election "  could n't be more important for women " regarding decisions for "  our bodies "
CNN  -- When he co-founded Harborside Health Center , the world 's largest medicinal-cannabis dispensary , located in Oakland , California , five years ago , Steve DeAngelo 's goal was to provide a safe , comfortable , organized alternative to what he saw as a broken system in the state , professional thugs on one side , irresponsible stoners on the other . "  Both options were bad , " DeAngelo said . "  On one hand , it was just amateurish . On the other hand , it was still scary . ... I wanted to put together a dispensary that would bring together the twin ideals of my life , which are a commitment to activism and a commitment to professionalism . " The roots of activism began early with DeAngelo , who was a seventh grader in Washington when he organized a Vietnam-war protest in the form of a gymnasium takeover . By 16 , he was out of school completely  "  I was more equipped to educate myself than the teachers in high school were to teach me , " DeAngelo said  , and working as a street activist . Over the years , he would busy himself as a record producer and talent booker in the music industry , graduate summa cum laude from the University of Maryland and found a company called Ecolution , which sold hemp clothing and accessories all over the United States and in 21 countries overseas . DeAngelo said he was approached by half a dozen or more reality-television producers after opening Harborside , but citing their needs to "  create dramatic conflict and something sensational , " he refused to sign with any of them . But when Braverman Productions approached , he sensed a shared understanding , and Discovery Channel 's "  Weed Wars " was born . DeAngelo spoke with CNN about his upbringing , what his show has accomplished and what he wants from this year 's presidential election . CNN : Were you really born at 4:20 p.m. ? Steve DeAngelo : I was really born at 4:20 p.m. It 's funny , I had n't even known that until a couple years ago when one of my staff was reorganizing my files and happened to come across my birth certificate . Sure enough , it was 4:20 p.m. CNN : Do you remember your first time smoking marijuana ? DeAngelo : Yes , I remember it vividly for sure . I went to a friend 's house after school , and I was ready for cannabis . I had heard about it and I had read about it . From the very beginning of my cannabis use , I was quite well educated . I probably read two or three books about cannabis before I even consumed any . My first experience was really revelatory for me . I had a little smoke at my friend 's house , and then walked home through a beautiful park that had this long creek . For the first time in my life , I really became aware of myself as a creature of nature that was related to other creatures of nature . I remember to this day how the sunlight was rippling down through the gaps and the leaves of the trees . CNN : Why did you drop out of high school at 16 ? DeAngelo : It was mainly politics . I had been getting into issues at school because I was politically active . I did n't feel that the school system was really educating me or preparing me to do the things I wanted to do in life then . I felt that the educational system offered me a very narrow slice of knowledge and required a great degree of conformity . I felt like I was being trained to become an obedient corporate drone , which was never something I wanted in my life . I dropped out of high school on my 16th birthday . When I was 17-and-a-half years old , I took the GED and passed it with flying colors . So I actually had my high-school diploma prior to my compatriots that remained in high school . CNN : When were you approached by Discovery Channel about Harborside ? DeAngelo : About 13 months ago . What happened was , as the debate over Prop. 19 heated up , there was a lot of media interest in the issue of cannabis . We were approached by a series of producers of reality TV shows , about a half a dozen , maybe more . Each one wanted us to be featured in a reality TV show , but I could tell they all had the agenda of a reality show , and I was concerned that we would not be portrayed as we really are , but in some sensationalistic kind of way . And then Braverman Productions came along , and I could tell from the first meeting with them that they had a different kind of intention , that they really did want to show us as we were , as we are . I checked out their past work that they had done , I interviewed some of the people that they had worked with , I spent a lot of time with them personally just to get to know them . When I became convinced that they were really truly committed to showing us and showing medical cannabis as it is , I decided I was comfortable doing the show with them . CNN : Do you feel like you 've affected the cannabis law and public opinion with the show ? DeAngelo : Absolutely . I know we 've had a tremendously positive impact . We 've received hundreds of letters from people all over the country and were deeply moved by the show . So many people wanted a second season , they crashed the Facebook page of the Discovery Channel . I got letters from a retired cop in Ohio who talked about how if it was 28 years earlier he would have arrested us , but now after seeing the show had his eyes opened and was thinking about checking it out and becoming a patient himself . We had a Baptist minister from Florida call up my publicist and have my publicist on the phone praying for me and my brother because he was so moved by the show . CNN : You present your words carefully : "  cannabis " instead of "  marijuana , " "  wellness " instead of "  recreation . " Why is that ? DeAngelo : First of all , as to cannabis versus marijuana , marijuana was a term that was popularized by prohibitionists , specifically William Randolph Hearst , who had a huge media campaign in the 1930s , an ultimately successful campaign , to make cannabis illegal . And in that campaign , he wanted to identify cannabis with the other , the foreign , the Mexican . So there were all sorts of horror stories about Mexican immigrants and African-Americans going crazy after they ingested the "  demon weed , marijuana , " which sounded very foreign to American ears , very exotic . So I think that as we move to a place where we 're leaving reefer madness behind and really taking a second , more scientific look at cannabis , it 's appropriate to use the scientific terminology for the plant . As for recreation , I do n't believe that very many people really , truly use cannabis for recreation -- or anybody , really . What is recreation ? Recreation is not something you can smoke or something you can swallow or something you can rub on your skin . It 's not a commodity . It 's an experience . CNN : Who decided on the name of the show ? DeAngelo : That was all a Discovery decision as well . We had actually urged it to be called "  Cannabis Confidential . " But as it turned out ,  "  Weed Wars "  was completely appropriate . When they first suggested the name to me , I was like , "  What are you talking about ? We never call it ` weed ' and it 's not about a war . " When you look at the show , there 's not warfare going on in the show . Except that , after filming was completed , we had the Obama administration reverse their policy on medical cannabis and the U.S. Attorneys in California , in fact , go to war against us . And episode two of "  Weed Wars " really spent a lot of time describing that struggle , so I think that , looking backwards , the choice of the show title was actually remarkably prescient . CNN : You bring up politics and I imagine the upcoming election has you approaching your fight in different ways . Which candidate is most in line with your views ? DeAngelo : I have not decided who I 'm going to vote for for president , but there 's two things that I know for sure : I 'm not going to vote for somebody that thinks I 'm a criminal and wants to put me in prison , and I will vote for the person who I 'm convinced will defend medicinal-cannabis patients . Those are my two main metrics . I have n't decided who I 'm going to vote for yet , but I think that the president has endangered millions of votes that he would have otherwise gotten by allowing the U.S. Attorneys to conduct this campaign against cannabis . My preferred outcome would be that the president does the right thing , keeps his original promise to the medicinal-cannabis community , and ends this federal attack on patients . That would allow me to wholeheartedly support the president for re-election . That 's what I hope happens . CNN : What happens if you 're presented with two candidates who do n't meet your two characteristics ? DeAngelo : I 'll be looking at the third parties . I will not vote for someone that wants to put me in prison .	Steve DeAngelo stars in the Discovery Channel reality series "  Weed Wars " The show is about Harborside Health Center , the world 's largest medicinal-cannabis dispensary DeAngelo says he and his show have had a positive effects on the views about cannabis
CNN  -- The Dalai Lama says he supports the principles behind Arab Spring protests . "  The world belongs to humanity , not this leader , that leader , kings or religious leaders . The world belongs to humanity . Each country belongs essentially to their own people , " he said in an interview Wednesday on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " Politicians at times forget that , even in democratic countries like the United States , he said . "  Sometimes they are short-sighted , " he said . "  They are mainly looking for the next vote . " When asked about the Arab Spring , the exiled Tibetan leader said he thought it was "  in principle , very good . " "  Now they achieved the basic goal , now time come they must be united , all forces , no matter what their political thinking or something , now they must work together , that is very important , " he said . In a wide-ranging interview , the Dalai Lama discussed his thoughts about topics ranging from China 's changing political landscape to whether he is tempted by women . The Dalai Lama is the traditional religious and temporal head of Tibetan Buddhists . He was made head of state at age 15 in 1950 , the same year that Chinese troops occupied Tibet , enforcing what Beijing says is a centuries-old claim over the region . The Dalai Lama held negotiations with Chinese officials on Tibetan self-rule with little success . In 1959 , he fled Tibet for exile in India after a failed uprising against Beijing 's rule . As China has deepened its economic , political and cultural influence in Tibet , the Dalai Lama has acknowledged that full independence is no longer realistic . But he has continued to advocate greater rights for Tibetans . In Wednesday 's interview , he said that the dozens of reported self-immolations by Tibetans living under Chinese rule in recent months are "  extremely sad . " The Dalai Lama , who last year stepped down from his political responsibilities with the Tibetan exile movement , said Chinese leaders needed to think "  more realistically " in order to resolve the problems in Tibet and other restive parts of the country . And he called for an end to censorship in China . "  Chinese people also have the ability to judge what 's right or what 's wrong . ... Chinese people should know the reality , " he said . But the spiritual leader also showed a lighter side . Even though he 's taken a vow of celibacy , the Dalai Lama said he still feels temptation when he sees women . "  Oh yes , sometimes  I  see people  and think  oh , this is very nice , " he said . But even in his dreams , he said , he reminds himself of his spiritual role . "  I 'm Dalai Lama . I always remember , I am monk , I am always monk , " he said . He said he does n't watch movies or listen to music , has never taken drugs and does n't drink . But he recalled one time when he tasted wine . "  I was very young , I think 7 , 8 years , very young . One evening , late evening , I 'm just playing . Then one person I see carrying two bottles , and I immediately run to him . And then , my finger ,  I  put  it  in the bottle . Very sweet , " he said , laughing . When asked what world leaders he admired , he mentioned former South African President Nelson Mandela . He also praised former U.S. President George W. Bush , even though he did n't always agree with his policies . "  Not as a president of America . Some of his policies may not be very successful , " the Dalai Lama said . "  But as a person , as a human being , very nice person . I love him . " CNN 's Paul Armstrong contributed to this report . Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	NEW : He says the string of self-immolations by Tibetans is "  extremely sad " The exiled Tibetan leader calls for an end to censorship in China "  Each country belongs essentially to their own people , " the Dalai Lama says He says he does n't listen to music , watch movies , drink or take drugs
CNN  -- Feted by Sean Penn and applauded by Quentin Tarantino at Cannes , Filipino filmmaker Brilliante Mendoza appears to finally live up to his name . Facing the press in Cannes , Brillante Mendoza went on to pick up the best director prize . Despite only directing for four years , Mendoza won the award for best director at the Cannes Film Festival earlier this year for "  Kinatay " , beating off competition from filmmaking royalty including Tarantino himself . After picking up the award , Tarantino wrote to Mendoza congratulating him on his award and saying his film was "  bold , daring and ... the whole point of making movies in the first place . " Making movies is something that the 49-year-old from San Fernando in the Philippines is relatively new to . He spent 20 years as a production designer before directing his first film in 2005 , but since then he has n't looked back and in just over four years has made another seven films . His style of social realism has attracted as much critical acclaim as it has baffled and alienated audiences . But if an artist 's anathema is indifference , Mendoza has more than succeeded in avoiding that curse . Featuring explicit sex , his films have been faced with heavy censorship in his native Philippines , and while Penn and the other judges at Cannes loved his film "  Serbis , " it proved to be one of the most divisive ; "  Variety " magazine called it exploitative and veteran film critic Robert Ebert said it was the worst film at the festival . "  I believe that my films will find their audience , probably not now but maybe in the future ... I 'm doing my job , by presenting some stories that normally a mainstream director or mainstream filmmaker wo n't tackle , wo n't show , " he told CNN . "  Serbis " was only the third ever film from the Philippines to be shown in Cannes , and while elevating Mendoza to a new level of attention , the man himself hopes it will give the whole country a higher profile . "  Because now they will look at Filipino films in a different way , unlike before they only see ... films from the Philippines like melodrama , about prostitution , about poverty , " he said . Citing European neo-realist filmmakers like Francois Truffaut as inspirational figures , Mendoza has crafted his own style of Filipino realism on the screen . He shoots without additional lighting and often only gives actors an outline of the scene they will be filming , letting them improvise around their characters . "  I do n't want to limit them , I just want to give them the freedom . I do n't even show my actors the script . I mean I just tell them you know the lines they 're going to say in that day . So they do n't know exactly what will happen , " he told CNN . Using raw filming techniques , Mendoza hopes to expose the naked truth of life in the Philippines , but he 's also aware that when directing , he reveals much about himself . "  As a filmmaker you ca n't help giving something about yourself in your film . A friend of mine told me ` You should take it easy in exposing yourself because you expose yourself too much in your film . ' "  And I said , ' I ca n't help it . ' I mean , I want to be honest with my films , that 's why I 'm showing how I feel , my emotions , what I 'm going through . So that 's why I would say , you ca n't help to have a huge responsibility as a filmmaker , " he said .	Mendoza won the Best Director award at this year 's Cannes film festival Filipino filmmaker lauded by Quentin Tarantino for his film "  Serbis " Mendoza has only been directing for four years ; films have proved controversial
CNN  -- A witness to the brutal massacre in the Syrian town of Houla which left more than 100 people dead , many of them women and children , says he fears the killing will continue unless the international community takes action . "  We are human beings , not animals , " Mahmoud Al Houli told CNN by telephone . "  I would like to call for the international community and the U.N. to save our souls , to help us find a solution . We only want freedom . " He said conditions in Houla were "  desperate , " with medical supplies and food running low , and a build-up of military personnel in the area leaving residents dreading a second wave of attacks . "  We are very afraid that there will be another massacre , " Al Houli added . "  Military reinforcements have been brought in , and artillery , and we are afraid that the massacre will happen again . " On Tuesday , a United Nations official said it was "  clear " that Syrian government forces were involved in the slaughter last Friday , which he said was "  an abominable crime . " Rupert Colville , a spokesman for the U.N. human rights office , said the majority of victims died as a result of "  summary executions " in which "  armed men ... went house to house , killing men , women and children . " Syria has denied responsibility for the massacre , which it insists was carried out by "  terrorists . " Countries around the world have expelled Syrian diplomats in protest at the killings . But Al Houli said more needed to be done to prevent further tragedy . "  The situation here is very bad , very , very bad . There is a severe shortage of medical supplies in the local hospitals . Lots of people were injured , but there is a shortage of supplies to treat them with . "  Four checkpoints have been set up around the town , and nothing can enter -- no food or medical supplies can come in . The electricity has been cut off . Things are desperate . " Al Houli told CNN he was at a protest rally in the town on Friday when members of the military opened fire . "  We had a demonstration after Friday prayers , and all the men were there , " he explained . "  The military started shooting at the demonstration . " "  After that , thugs from the regime came from the surrounding towns , to make a big massacre . "  While the men were at the demonstration , they attacked the women and children with knives and machine guns . " He said he believed the men who carried out the attack were trying to incite a sectarian conflict in the region . "  Many civilians were killed . I saw the bodies of women , children killed by knives -- I still have the image in my eyes . "  The bodies were taken to the mosques , because there were so many , there was nowhere else to put them . "  You have seen the bodies on television , on the computer , but we see them in real life . " As he spoke to CNN , a voice boomed from a loudspeaker nearby . "  Another person has died , " he explained . "  They are making the announcement at the mosque . " Al Houli was clear who he held responsible for the tragedy in Houla . " -LSB- President Bashar al - -RSB- Assad is a killer of children and women . "  He needs to leave Syria and get out of the country -- that 's the best solution . "  If he leaves , we can go back to normal life . " CNN 's Kindah Shair contributed to this article .	More than 100 people , dozens of them children , killed in Syrian town of Houla Witness Mahmoud al Houli says victims were attacked "  with knives and machine guns " Al Houli : "  The situation is very bad , there is a severe shortage of medical supplies " "  We are afraid that the massacre will happen again , " he tells CNN
CNN  -- The head of the World Health Organization warned the world this week of a new virus , awkwardly dubbed MERS-CoV , found in Saudi Arabia . "  Looking at the overall global situation , my greatest concern right now is the novel coronavirus , " Margaret Chan said , calling it "  a threat to the entire world . " "  We understand too little about this virus when viewed against the magnitude of its potential threat , " the director general said in her closing speech to the 66th session of the World Health Assembly . "  Any new disease that is emerging faster than our understanding is never under control . "  These are alarm bells and we must respond . The novel coronavirus is not a problem that any single affected country can keep to itself or manage all by itself . " With just 49 cases of the new disease reported since June 2012 , it may seem puzzling that Chan named the Middle Eastern Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus -- MERS CoV or MERS for short -- the greatest threat to world health today . Your questions about MERS , answered But Hong Kong-born Chan can be forgiven a strong reaction . After all , she managed the response to SARS there in 2003 , and MERS is a close genetic cousin . At least 8,000 people in 30 countries contracted SARS in 2003 ; 774 died of the disease . No doubt her sense of urgency also stems from the apparently high mortality rate : To date , 27 of the 49 people who have caught the disease have perished , or 52 % . Although the majority of illnesses have been in the Saudi Arabia , cases have emerged in seven countries . Similarities between the SARS and MERS viruses are more than genetic . Both cause acute respiratory distress syndrome , or ARDS , and trigger reactions in the human immune system that are so severe , organs throughout the body are devastated -- collateral damage in an overly vigorous battle with the microbes . Both viruses spread between people through close contact , putting family caregivers and health care workers at risk for infection . In April , for example , according to a report in the British medical journal The Lancet , a French man who had traveled to Dubai fell ill with the disease in France , although it was n't diagnosed immediately . Another patient who shared the first man 's hospital room caught the disease . The first man died on May 28 ; the second remains in intensive care . 5 things to know about MERS A new report in the New England Journal of Medicine offers a glimpse of the depth of mystery shrouding MERS . A team of Saudi Ministry of Health researchers describe a November outbreak in a Riyadh urban household of 28 extended family members , four of whom -- all men -- contracted MERS . The cluster of cases in this family presents a list of mysteries : Why were all the sick and dead men ? With 28 people in this three-building urban household , why were these four infected , and the other 24 spared ? The family lived in a big city , had no animals , ate supermarket food and had jobs that offered no contact with the virus . How did they catch MERS ? Until researchers can determine what animal is the natural host of the virus , and how MERS spreads from the host to humans , each new outbreak is dangerous and mysterious . The science is still unfolding . Meanwhile , the WHO and world health community watch , anxiously , recalling how swiftly the SARS outbreak that started in southern China in December 2002 exploded a month later across Asia , Canada , and on , eventually hitting 30 countries . Sadly , resources for confronting such outbreaks have decreased since the 2008 financial crisis , and MERS has emerged in one of the most difficult regions in the world . Were the virus to reach any of the refugee camps that house more than 2 million Syrian refugees , a genuine pandemic could ensue . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Laurie Garrett .	The head of WHO said MERS CoV virus found in Saudi Arabia threatens "  the entire world " Laurie Garrett : It 's alarming that of 49 cases , 27 -- that 's 52 % -- have died Garrett : The virus related to SARS , and scientists worry it could spread as fast MERS emerged in a difficult region , she says , and threatens Syrian refugees
CNN  -- He is accused of killing innocent civilians , including women and children , in their homes in two Afghan villages . The accusations are met with bewilderment from a number of those who know U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales , who bears the scars from wounds he received in three previous tours in Iraq . His friends and family say he remained passionately committed to serving his country and cared deeply for others . "  Regardless of what happened , Bobby has been changed forever , " said Bob Durham , who knew Bales when he was growing up in Ohio . "  If the Bobby that I knew ever gets well , comes back to it , and realizes what has happened , and realizes that children and women were killed , I do n't think he can live with it . He 'll never be the same . He 's such a great person ... that crushes me . " Retired general : Incident could speed disengagement And in a statement released Monday afternoon , Bales ' wife , Karilyn , said what has been reported so far "  is completely out of character of the man I know and admire . " "  Please respect me when I say I can not shed any light on what happened that night , so please do not ask , " she said . "  I , too , want to know what happened . I want to know how this could be . " Karilyn Bales extended the family 's condolences to the people of the Afghan villages where the killings took place , "  especially to the parents , brothers , sisters and grandparents of the children who perished . " "  I know that all good people around the world , regardless of nationality , religion or political values , join me in grieving that such a terrible thing could happen , " she said . "  The victims and their families are all in my prayers , as is my husband who I love very much . " Bales , who is in his late 30s , is accused of leaving a remote U.S. combat post on foot before dawn on March 11 and gunning down Afghans in their homes . In all , 16 villagers were killed , nine of them children . Bales has not been formally charged , though the military has made a determination of probable cause . He met Monday with his defense attorney , John Henry Browne of Seattle , at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , where the Army staff sergeant was taken on Friday . Villagers describe horror of slaughter The deaths have outraged Afghans and strained already tense relations between the two nations . They also shocked those who know and love Bales , including his wife and two children . "  Sgt. Bales ' family is stunned in the face of this tragedy , but they stand behind the man they know as a devoted husband , father and dedicated member of the armed services , " attorney Emma Scanlan said Saturday in a statement . Bales grew up and attended school in Norwood , a Cincinnati suburb of about 19,000 residents . As a teenager , Durham recalled , Bales helped care for Durham 's severely disabled son . Bales , a popular football player , never hesitated to take the younger boy along wherever he was headed , Durham said . "  I love the guy , " he said . "  He 's a part of my family . I 've known him since the day he was born . " After Bales was graduated from Norwood High School in 1991 , he played football while attending the College of Mount St. Joseph in Cincinnati , according to two family friends . Records indicate he lived at multiple addresses in the Columbus area in the ensuing years . Bales began working as a broker , passing his general securities representative exam in 1996 and the uniform securities agent state law exam the following year . But a customer dispute in 2000 resulted in a big loss . According to a BrokerCheck report from the Financial industry Regulatory Authority , he was accused of making unauthorized trades ; failure to provide competent and professional services ; breach of contractual and legal duties ; unsuitability ; misrepresentations and omission of material fact and breach of fiduciary duty . Arbitration found in 2003 that he had engaged in fraud , breach of fiduciary duty , unauthorized trading , unsuitable investments and churning . The latter occurs when a broker engages in frequent buying and selling in a customer 's account primarily to generate commissions . He was ordered to pay claimant $ 637,000 as compensatory damages plus interest and $ 637,000 as punitive damages . Bales was not solely responsible for repaying the money . A company and another individual were held jointly responsible . Bales joined the Army two months after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , and in September 2002 was assigned to Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma , Washington , the military has said . Also in 2002 , public records show he had a brush with the law , facing a criminal assault charge in a Tacoma court . He pleaded not guilty . Bales completed anger management treatment and the case was dismissed the following year , court records show . The victim was not named in the records , and no details about the case were immediately available . Tacoma Police Officer Naveed Benjamin said the incident took place at a Tacoma casino . He first deployed to Iraq in 2003 , then again in 2006 , serving 15 consecutive months as part of then-President George W. Bush 's "  surge " of 20,000 additional troops . During that second tour , Browne has said , Bales was wounded and underwent the amputation of part of his foot . An Army account recalled a 2007 incident in Iraq , when an operation to recover a helicopter shot down near Najaf turned into more of a humanitarian mission to help wounded civilians . According to the account , Bales -- then serving as a team leader -- said he was "  proud " and that his unit "  discriminated between the bad guys and the noncombatants and then afterward we ended up helping the people that three or four hours before were trying to kill us . " "  I think that 's the real difference between being an American as opposed to being a bad guy , someone who puts his family in harm 's way like that , " said Bales in the account , published online in February 2009 . He deployed to Iraq a third time between 2009 and 2010 , according to the military . He suffered a traumatic brain injury when his vehicle flipped after striking a roadside bomb , his attorney said . The Army summary lists multiple decorations for Bales , including three Army "  good conduct " medals . Bales ' family was "  not happy " about his fourth deployment , this time to Afghanistan , his attorney has said . "  He was told that he was not going to be redeployed , " Brown said . Taliban demand trial in Afghanistan They were also disappointed that he was not promoted to sergeant first class , according to blog posts written by his wife a year ago and published Friday by the Tacoma News-Tribune . "  It is very disappointing after all of the work Bob has done and all the sacrifices he has made for his love of his country , family and friends , " Karilyn Bales wrote . "  I am sad and disappointed too , but I am also relieved , we can finally move on to the next phase of our lives . " The family was preparing to move last year , hoping to be stationed in Germany , Italy , Hawaii , Kentucky -- which , Karilyn Bales noted , would be "  near Bob 's family " -- or Georgia , "  to be a sniper teacher , " she wrote of her husband , according to the newspaper . However , records show the family was under financial pressure and was forced to put their Lake Tapps , Washington , home on the market last week for $ 229,000 -- less than the $ 280,000 they purchased it for in 2006 . Moving vans were outside the home on Monday . The Baleses were "  happy " and "  normal , " according to neighbor Cassie Holland . "  We would go over there for birthday parties and they would come to my kids ' birthday parties , " she said . "  I would describe  Bales  as super fun to hang around with , kind of the life of the party kind of guy . Super loving , great with his kids . I do n't see how this has happened . " Before buying the home , the family owned a townhouse in a modest , middle-class neighborhood in Auburn , Washington , about 30 minutes from the military base . Tim Burgess , whose townhouse shared a wall with the Baleses , said Bales was "  a really good guy  who  just wanted to serve . " "  I know he just wanted to go back and serve overseas , that was his goal , " he said , adding the two had not spoken in about five years . After the family moved out , there were occasional renters in the townhouse , said Robert Baggett , president of the Riverpark Homeowners Association . Several years ago , the townhouse went into foreclosure . The family also did not pay their homeowners ' association fees for "  at least three or four years , " he said . "  We do n't know what happened , " Baggett said of the Baleses and their Auburn property , which Sunday had a notice posted on its door that read "  Do Not Occupy . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Paul Vercammen , Moni Basu , Ross Levitt and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect 's wife calls the massacre allegation "  completely out of character " Friends described Robert Bales as fun-loving , devoted , good-hearted and patriotic In previous tours in Iraq , he suffered a foot injury and a head injury He had been passed over for promotion ; family has been under financial stress
CNN  -- More than 30 years after her frantic cries of "  a dingo 's got my baby , " an Australian coroner has ruled that the words Lindy Chamberlain-Creighton screamed that night were true . Azaria Chamberlain was just two months old when she disappeared from her family 's tent at a public campsite near Uluru , also known as Ayer 's Rock , in Australia 's Northern Territory . Speculation about what happened to Azaria polarized public opinion in Australia and became the subject of a 1988 feature film "  A Cry in the Dark " starring U.S. actress Meryl Streep . Thirty-two years after losing her daughter , Chamberlain-Creighton sat shaking in the Darwin court Tuesday as she waited to hear the results of the fourth and now final inquest into Azaria 's death . "  Shortly after Mrs Chamberlain placed Azaria in the tent , a dingo or dingoes entered the tent , took Azaria and carried and dragged her from the immediate area , " said coroner Elizabeth Morris . "  It it is clear that there is evidence that in particular circumstances a dingo is capable of attacking , taking and causing the death of young children , " she added . Coroner rules dingo to blame for Australian baby 's death Outside the court , Chamberlain-Creighton said her family was "  relieved and delighted to come to the end of this saga . "  We live in a beautiful country but it is dangerous and we would ask all Australians to be aware of this and take appropriate precautions and not wait for somebody else to do it for them , " she added . The official finding that a dingo -- a type of wild dog -- killed Azaria ends a legal battle that has been fought over four inquests , a murder trial , through Federal and High Court appeals and a judicial inquiry . Until Tuesday , questions had remained over the cause of Azaria 's death , despite a 1988 ruling quashing Chamberlain-Creighton 's conviction and life sentence for her daughter 's murder . Turning to address the family directly , Morris said : "  Please accept my sincere sympathy on the death of your special and loved daughter and sister Azaria . "  I 'm so sorry for your loss . Time does not remove the pain and sadness at the death of a child , " she added , her voice straining with emotion . Stuart Tipple , the lawyer who has represented the couple throughout their ordeal , described the atmosphere inside the court as "  electric . " "  When the coroner extended her sympathy and broke down herself I do n't think there were too many dry eyes , " he said . When the Chamberlains left the court room they were given a standing ovation , he added , and later outside they were applauded by the waiting press . "  I 've never seen that done before . I thought that really indicates how the tide has changed . " Everything changed for Lindy and Michael Chamberlain on the night of August 17 , 1980 . Court documents stated , Lindy , then 32 , left the campsite barbecue to put her daughter and six-year-old son Aiden to bed in the family tent where her other son , four-year-old Reagan , was already asleep . According to her testimony , Lindy tucked Azaria into her bassinet before going with Aiden to the car to get some baked beans after he complained that he was hungry . "  There is no doubt that she did return to the barbecue area , accompanied by Aiden and carrying the tin of beans and a tin opener , about five or ten minutes after she had left . She seemed normal and quite composed . No one saw any blood on her clothes or her person , " the court documents read . It was during her absence from the barbecue that the prosecution alleged Chamberlain-Creighton slit her baby 's throat with a pair of scissors before hiding the body , possibly in a camera bag . She was alleged to have buried the body later near the campsite with the help of her husband Michael . He was charged with being an accessory to murder after the fact in a conviction that was later quashed . Outside the court Tuesday , Michael Chamberlain declared , "  The truth is out . " "  This battle to get to the legal truth about what caused Azaria 's death has taken too long , " he said . "  However , I am here to tell you that you can get justice even when you think that all is lost . " During their long battle for justice , the Chamberlains divorced . Both have since remarried . Azaria would have turned 32 on Monday , June 11 . "  It is the end of the legal journey , there 's nothing else from a legal perspective we wanted to achieve , " said Tipple . "  We were quite determined and have been over the past 31 years that we would keep going until we achieved everything that we set out to achieve , " he said . Soon after the inquest findings were delivered , Chamberlain-Creighton appeared before the press holding a copy of her baby 's death certificate . "  I think it 's just an enormous relief , " Tipple said . "  She like everybody in there was hoping for what we ended up with today . " However , he added : "  If we had n't have got the result today we would have kept going , as simple as that . "	Chamberlain-Creighton : "  We are relieved and delighted " by finding Fourth inquest finds daughter Azaria was killed by a dingo in 1980 Coroner extends apology to family for their suffering and loss Chamberlain-Creighton served time in jail before her murder conviction was quashed
CNN  -- Despite complaints by some owners about underwhelming battery life , the iPhone 4S scored "  very well " in tests of its battery performance by Consumer Reports , which gave the device its official blessing Tuesday . Consumer Reports ' laboratory tests also determined that Apple 's new phone does n't suffer the "  death grip " reception problem that was found in its predecessor , the nearly identical-looking iPhone 4 . That antenna flaw , which depleted signal strength when the user held the phone a certain way , led Consumer Reports to not recommend the iPhone 4 . "  Overall , the new iPhone 4S scores higher in the ratings than the iPhone 4 , thanks to such enhancements as an upgraded camera , a faster "  dual-core " processor , and the addition of the intriguing Siri voice-activated feature ... " wrote Mike Gikas in a post on Consumer Reports ' site . Those upgrades were not enough , however , to let the iPhone 4S outscore the best new Android-based phones in Consumer Reports ' ratings . Those top-rated models included the Samsung Galaxy S II phones , the Motorola Droid Bionic and several other phones that boast larger displays than the iPhone 4S and run on faster networks . Battery life has been an issue for the iPhone 4S since it went on sale October 14 . According to Apple 's official specs , the phone should have enough juice in its battery for up to eight hours of talk time , six hours of Internet surfing , 10 hours of video viewing and 200 hours on standby .  All of these activities are on a 3G connection ; 2G and Wi-Fi produce different figures  . But online forums soon filled with complaints from users saying their new iPhones were n't lasting even close to that long . On November 2 Apple acknowledged it had found a "  few bugs " affecting battery life on the iPhone 4S and other devices running its new operating system . The company said a software update coming "  in a few weeks " will address the problem . Consumer Reports said it plans to retest the phone after the software update to see if the fix affects battery performance .	Consumer Reports : iPhone 4S scored "  very well " in tests of its battery life Product watchdog said Tuesday it 's recommending the newest iPhone Consumer Reports did n't recommend iPhone 4 because of antenna problem
CNN  -- Kenya remains a safe place to visit despite an attack on a Nairobi shopping mall over the weekend in which at least 68 people , including foreigners , died , the country 's tourism minister said Monday . The siege by suspected Islamist militants at the upscale Westgate Mall represents another potential blow to tourism in Kenya , whose tourist numbers have increased in recent years but which has also suffered a series of violent incidents affecting foreigners . The mall , normally a calm refuge in an often turbulent city , is itself a tourist draw in the Kenyan capital , and suspected Islamist militants may have targeted it partly for that reason . "  It 's a really international place , " Isha Saini , a Nairobi interior designer , told CNN . "  Lots of expats and other foreigners go there on the weekend for lunch . "  This is definitely going to have a big impact on tourism . " Foreigners among dead Among those killed in the mall siege were three British citizens , two French nationals and two Canadians , their governments said . Several American citizens were among the wounded . The attack is the latest of several incidents in the past few years to have hurt the country 's tourism image . In late 2011 , a British man , David Tebbutt , was killed and his wife held hostage for 192 days in an attack by Somali pirates on the couple 's luxury resort near Kenya 's Lamu Island . In October of the same year , an elderly French expatriate was kidnapped from her home on Manda island , in the Lamu archipelago , and died shortly afterwards owing to her fragile health . In March this year , the month of national elections , tourists were warned to stay away from Kenya over fears of a repeat of the violence that followed the country 's last such poll , in 2007 , when more than 1,200 people died . In the event , the elections passed off peacefully . A few months later , in early August this year , a huge fire destroyed large parts of Nairobi 's Kenyatta International Airport , a major African transport hub . "  Despicable act " In a statement on the Nairobi mall attack -- which latest reports suggest authorities are close to resolving -- Kenya 's tourism and commerce secretary , Phyllis Kandie , condemned what she called "  a despicable act of cowardice intended to instill fear among Kenyans and our visitors . " Tourist facilities throughout the country were "  operating normally , " she said , and the government had "  scaled up security " in these and other "  social places . " Two tourism conferences -- one on hotel investment and another on eco-tourism -- were due to go ahead in Nairobi this week , Kandie said . She also noted that the British government had not changed its official travel advice on Kenya . At the time of writing , the U.S. state department 's advice also remained unchanged . Tourism boost Kenya has made strides in recent years to boost tourism , one of its major industries and its main source of foreign exchange . The industry had been hit hard in the past by events such as the 1998 bombing of the US embassy in Nairobi and the negative travel advice from foreign governments that followed . Yet from 2008 to 20011 tourist arrivals in Kenya climbed from approximately 1.2 million to 1.8 million , according to Kenyan government figures -- a 50 % increase . Tourism revenue doubled over the period from 53 billion Kenyan shillings  $ 600 million  to 98 billion shillings . Safaris top attraction For decades , wildlife safaris have been Kenya 's top tourism draw . Tsavo National Park is one of Africa 's best places to see elephants , lions and leopards , as well as to witness the continent 's famed wildebeest migration . Also on CNN : Ten things you probably did n't know you could do in Kenya Kenya 's Indian Ocean beach resorts are another big attraction , as is the dramatic landscape of cliffs and gorges in Hell 's Gate National Park . Despite the weekend attack and the city 's generally edgy reputation , the cafes and nightlife of Nairobi also offer one of the liveliest slices of urban existence in Africa . Risk of robbery In general advice , the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office warns against the risk of robbery in Nairobi and other large Kenyan cities , although it says foreigners are n't usually targeted . Tourists should nonetheless avoid carrying large amounts of cash and wearing expensive jewelry , the FCO says . The British government additionally advises against all but essential travel to within 60 kilometers of the Kenya-Somali border and to other pockets within Nairobi and Kenya more widely .	Mall attack may have targeted tourists "  It 's a really international place , " says one Kenya resident Incident follows tourist kidnappings and airport blaze Kenya had upped visitor numbers by 50 % in recent years
CNN  -- A demonstration erupted Sunday outside an Iranian detention center , where 33 members of a women 's group were being held following their arrest during a peaceful protest in a Tehran park a day before , a human rights organization reported . The International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran , citing an eyewitness account , said more than 100 police and plainclothes officers broke up a gathering of the Mourning Mothers in Laleh Park on Saturday afternoon . The group , formed by women whose children have been killed in recent anti-government protests , gathers every weekend at the park to call attention to the deaths . "  They would not allow anyone to even sit on the benches or congregate , " the organization quoted the unidentified witness as saying . "  After about 70 mothers entered the park , security forces engaged them and started chasing them , grabbing them , and forcing them into police vans . They used a lot of violence and insults in the process . " Thirty-three women were taken to the Vozara Detention Center , said Hadi Ghaemi , director of the human rights campaign . Later , nine women were taken to emergency rooms in two hospitals , but all nine were returned to the detention center late Saturday , he said Sunday . Families and other group members went to the detention center Sunday to demand answers to why the women were detained . Officials provided the names of those detained . Those gathered outside the detention center Sunday were alarmed about the health of those inside when an ambulance entered the center , Ghaemi said . The gathering turned into a protest , with people chanting , "  Free the mothers ! " Security forces attacked the crowd to disperse it , Ghaemi said . Two people passing by in a car who took pictures were placed in the detention center , he said . With Iran 's tight restrictions on international media , CNN could not independently verify the report . The group 's Web site had no details about the reported arrests . "  No culture permits such violence to be unleashed against mothers , " Ghaemi said in a news release posted on the campaign 's Web site . "  How can this government , which claims to have moral and religious authority , treat mothers who have lost their children in such a way ? The Iranian officials should know that the activities of Mourning Mothers will not stop until their legitimate grievances are properly addressed . " Mourning Mothers was formed after the violent crackdown on anti-government demonstrators following the disputed June 12 presidential vote , which re-elected hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over main opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi . Since then , opposition activists and mothers whose children have disappeared or have been executed or detained have also joined the group . Among its members is the mother of 26-year-old Neda Agha-Soltan , whose chilling death in post-election protests was caught on video and became a powerful symbol for the opposition . The mothers are demanding government accountability for the deaths , disappearances and detentions of their children .	NEW : Security forces Sunday dispersed crowd protesting women 's arrests , group says Rights group : 33 women 's group members arrested Saturday by Iranian security forces Arrests made during a peaceful protest in a Tehran park on Saturday , rights group says Group formed by women whose children were killed in recent anti-government protests
On December 10 last year a huge crowd rallied in Moscow . The people were fired up about alleged election fraud and fed up with Prime Minister Vladimir Putin . It was unprecedented in the country 's post-Soviet history . Unthinkable in Putin 's Russia . It inspired predictions of a Russian Winter to rival the Arab Spring . Now three months , and several huge opposition rallies later , Putin looks certain to be elected president again . So what happened ? The big protests were ultimately triggered by claims that widespread cheating boosted the results for Putin 's United Russia party in December 's parliamentary election -- claims the Kremlin denied . But there were other factors . Putin 's announcement three months earlier that he would bump Dmitry Medvedev and seek the presidency again for himself was a key moment . It was n't a total surprise . Many had long suspected that Medvedev was just a seat warmer , helping the real boss work around the constitution and its limit of two consecutive presidential terms . But there was also hope Medvedev , who is considered a reformer , would find the fire in his belly to openly fight for the top job . It was a naive hope . The brazen admission of their private deal was like an open hand slap to the face -- a stinging reminder of who really has the power . Suddenly Russians were confronted with the possibility of 12 more years of Vladimir Putin 's rule . Many of the people most appalled by that idea have done well under Putin . They 're educated , well traveled and economically comfortable . For Russia 's new middle class the authoritarian stability of the Putin years has brought prosperity . But it 's no longer enough . Now they want their vote to count and they want to use it to get rid of Putin . "  The most educated , the most responsible part of Russian society has come together to deliver a single message , " one first-time protester told me . "  The current government has no right to represent Russian society . They do n't say what we want to say . They do n't take actions we want to take . " So says the urban middle class . But they do n't speak for the country . "  It 's pure mathematics , " says Putin 's spokesperson Dimitri Peskov . "  Yes we have something like 70,000 people out there -LSB- protesting -RSB- on Sakharov Avenue but at the same time we have to keep in mind they are a minority . The majority of the population does not live here in Moscow . We have a huge country and if we look eastwards we 'll see lots and lots of big cities , small towns and rural populations that still support Putin pretty well . " There 's another important reason why Putin appears set to win . There 's no obvious alternative . Putin 's closest electoral competitor is the Communist leader Gennady Zyuganov -- a serial election loser . This would be his fourth defeat . Two other candidates , right-wing table thumper Vladimir Zhirinovsky and left-leaning Sergey Mironov have also run and lost spectacularly in the past . Billionaire businessman Mikhail Prokhorov is the only fresh face in the pack . On paper , his manifesto of democratic and economic reforms should appeal to many of Moscow 's protesters . But he 's struggling to shake off his reputation for being too close to the regime . Cynics call him a Kremlin project , a candidate designed to credibly attract the middle class vote without posing a genuine threat . Prokhorov 's repeated denials and slick campaign have not seen his polling move beyond single figure territory . The line-up of wannabe presidents is said to be another example of what 's known here as "  managed democracy " where opposition candidates and parties are tolerated but only if they know their place . Critics describe it as the illusion of democracy . While Vladimir Putin 's victory seems assured , we do n't know what it will look like . Will there be more allegations of fraud ? Will he win comfortably ? Or will he get less than 50 % of the vote and be forced into a runoff with the second place candidate ? The last scenario appears increasingly unlikely but it 's what leaders of the opposition movement are desperately hoping for . It would be a clear sign Putin 's support is eroding as well as an opportunity to weaken him further . But however he wins , the next Russian president can expect continued public dissent . "  We want to see new elections , " says leading opposition figure Alexei Navalny . "  Vladimir Putin wo n't win on March 4 . He will appoint himself as tsar . He 'll try to remain Russian president for the rest of his life . We need to fight and stop him from wrongly taking power . Our goal is to keep pressure on Putin . " In light of that intent , the answer to one question will sharply define Russia 's immediate future : How would President Putin respond to further challenges to his authority ? Vladimir Putin remains a sure bet for the presidential election . Beyond that there 's only one other certainty . He 'll be leader of a country that has changed dramatically in the last three months .	Russians are confronted with the possibility of 12 more years of Vladimir Putin 's rule Putin 's closest electoral competitor is the Communist leader Gennady Zyuganov Prokhorov 's slick campaign has not seen his polling move beyond single figure territory A second round of voting looks increasingly unlikely
CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Friday awarded posthumous Congressional Gold Medals to four African-American girls killed in a Birmingham , Alabama , church bombing that became a key and tragic moment of the civil rights movement . Addie Mae Collins , Carole Robertson and Cynthia Wesley , all 14 , and Denise McNair , 11 , were killed during Sunday services on September 15 , 1963 , at the 16th Street Baptist Church . At least 14 others were injured . Three former Ku Klux Klan members were convicted of murder . Obama signed legislation at a White House ceremony granting the posthumous honor and acknowledged the families who pressed for the recognition . "  To the families who are here today , those who lost daughters and sisters , we just want to express incredible thanks not only for the strength you showed in suffering but also in your persistence , " Obama said . President John F. Kennedy hoped in the aftermath of the bombing that it would spur action against racial hatred . "  If these cruel and tragic events can only awaken that city and state -- if they can only awaken this entire nation to a realization of the folly of racial injustice and hatred and violence -- then it is not too late for all concerned to unite in steps toward peaceful progress before more lives are lost , " he said .	Four African-American girls killed in 1963 church bombing receive posthumous honor President awards Congressional Gold Medals to each of four girls , ages 11 and 14 "  We just want to express incredible thanks , " Obama tells families Three former Ku Klux Klan members were convicted of murder in the bombings
Beijing  CNN  -- An expatriate corporate detective based in Beijing and Shanghai , who worked with GlaxoSmithKline 's under-fire Chinese wing , could soon discover the cost of allegedly falling afoul of China 's often hazy corporate law . After more than a year in detention , Briton Peter Humphrey and his wife Yu Yingzeng , a U.S. citizen , stand trial in a Shanghai court Friday , charged with illegally obtaining private information . Their 19-year-old son , who has returned to mainland China for the trial , says he 's not convinced that , even if the couple is found guilty , they would even have known they were breaking the law . Humphrey is a veteran corporate detective -- an investigator , similar to a private detective , but one which sniffs out corporate malfeasance -- who spent more than 20 years as a foreign correspondent with Reuters , including stints in Beijing and Eastern Europe . ChinaWhys , the investigations company that Yu and Humphrey established , mainly catered to foreign companies and multinationals , such as pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline  GSK  , assisting in assessing corporate risks , conducting background checks and investigating allegations of corruption and fraud . It is a business fraught with risks , especially in a country like China , where even innocuous information is often classified as secret or confidential . ` Fully aware of risks ' The couple was detained on July 10 , 2013 at their Shanghai office , and charged this year with illegally purchasing confidential information -- a serious allegation akin to espionage -- and operating an illegal business . On July 10 , Chinese police raided their home in Beijing . It was not until two days later that their son , Harvey Humphrey , who was undertaking an internship in Hong Kong at that time , managed to establish what befell his parents . "  They were fully aware of the risks that such a business carries , " he told CNN . "  But usually the risks are very small . The repercussions do not usually take place on the investigators . I guess this time they were definitely caught off guard . I think they were caught in the wrong place at the wrong time , and with the wrong client possibly as well . " Humphrey believes the case is linked to his father 's client , GSK , which is under investigation in China amid allegations raised by a whistleblower . "  I would address the cause of the whole event which is GSK taking them on and not giving them the information they needed to do their investigations , " he said . "  It 's effectively misleading them into a dangerous situation . " In response to CNN 's request for comment , GSK referred CNN back to its July 3 statement . GSK hired Humphrey 's firm "  in April 2013 to conduct an investigation following a serious breach of privacy and security related to the company 's China general manager . " "  They were not hired to investigate the substance of the allegations of misconduct made by the whistle-blower . " Chinese authorities have not said that the charges are related to the work Humphrey and Yu did for the pharmaceutical giant . The company has come under scrutiny by Chinese authorities . On May 14 this year , Chinese police in a report accused GSK executives in China of presiding over a web of corruption and bribery . "  Our China business is now subject to an ongoing investigation by the Chinese authorities with which we are fully cooperating , " GSK said in its statement . "  We have also hired an external law firm , Ropes and Gray , to conduct an independent review into what happened in our China business during this period . " Last August , Peter Humphrey appeared on Chinese national television handcuffed and wearing orange prison vest to make an unusual "  confession . " But his son says the confession may have been made under duress . "  I was quite upset by it as anyone not used to this sort of situation would be , " he said . "  I did n't understand why it was done , personally . It might have been done because they probably thought it could help to find some leniency . But it was quite humiliating . " The elder Humphrey and his wife could not be reached for comment . Are parents innocent or guilty ? "  I think it 's highly likely they 're innocent , but the charge , I believe , is obtaining private information and it 's a very gray area of the law , " the couple 's son continues "  It 's not been very well established in China . It 's theoretically possible they broke that law without even knowing it existed . " The Chinese authorities insist that the case is being prosecuted with all due care . "  China 's judicial authorities are handling the relevant case according to law , " Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei told a daily news briefing in July this year . "  China is a country with rule of law . " But the younger Humphrey notes a shift in the way Chinese authorities are handling the case -- he was allowed to visit his parents in jail , for instance . "  I was told by the U.S. Consular officer that to have a foreigner make a pre-trial visit to someone has never happened before since China opened up , " said Humphrey , who is a dual U.S.-UK citizen . The authorities have dropped other , more serious , charges -- initially the couple was charged with buying the information , rather than only obtaining it , and of operating an illegal business . Further , the trial , which opened Friday , will be public , not secret as earlier reported . . Deteriorating health Thirteen months in jail , Humphrey said , had taken its toll on his parents ' health . "  Physically they looked aged , especially my mother , " Humphrey said . "  She looked a lot younger than her age before this . I think she looks her age now . And it all boils down to how their health was in prison . " His father , he said , suffers from a hernia , as well as compression fractures in his spine . The couple are locked in separate cells in a Shanghai prison . Each shares a cell with six or seven inmates , all foreigners , according to the son . "  The visit last Friday was much more emotional for them than it was for me , " Humphrey says . "  I did n't feel that happy about being able to visit . Obviously it 's a positive , but my end goal is to get them released and nothing is going to make me deviate from that path . " He plans to attend the Friday trial along with a relative and consular representatives from the U.S. and UK , but says he will not be surprised if his parents are found guilty . Defense strategy He says he believes it will be easier if his parents plead guilty -- even if they 've done nothing wrong . "  I 'm hoping it will be a situation where they plead guilty and they go for a mitigation defense strategy , and just try to make it as lenient a sentencing as possible . " Regardless of the court verdict , Humphrey said that he is proud of them for "  holding up as long as they have . "  And I 'm proud that they 've tried to run such a business . Their whole standpoint was to cut down on corruption as much as they can wherever they could find it . "  That was the motivation to do this business . It 's a very stressful business so in that sense I 'm very proud of their moral standing . " READ MORE : China bars Glaxo exec from leaving country READ MORE : China scandal takes toll on Glaxo	Foreign corporate detectives based in China charged with ` illegally obtaining private information ' Murky corporate laws in China make life difficult for companies engaged in this line of work Son of detained detectives : "  I 'm very proud of their moral standing "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pentagon officials said they think a Navy missile scored a direct hit on the fuel tank of an errant spy satellite late Wednesday , eliminating a toxic threat to people on Earth . The USS Lake Erie launches a missile as the satellite travels over the Pacific Ocean . "  We have a high degree of confidence we got the tank , " Marine Gen. James Cartwright said at a Pentagon briefing Thursday morning . A fireball and a vapor cloud seen after the strike appeared to indicate the toxic hydrazine fuel had been destroyed , he said . The missile that struck the satellite did not carry an explosive warhead . Cartwright also said the satellite seemed to be reduced to small pieces . "  Thus far , we see nothing larger than a football , " he said . The military was analyzing data from the strike to confirm that the tank was hit and that no larger pieces of debris escaped detection , Cartwright said . The missile that struck the satellite was launched from the ballistic missile defense cruiser USS Lake Erie from the Pacific Ocean west of Hawaii at 10:26 p.m. ET Wednesday , the general said . Breakup of the satellite more than 130 miles above was confirmed 24 minutes later , Cartwright said . Watch as the general explains how debris will be monitored " Cartwright said the Navy took its first opportunity to hit the satellite and acted before days of expected bad weather may have prevented a missile launch . Cartwright said debris from the satellite was burning up in the atmosphere over the Atlantic and Pacific oceans . This process was expected for the next day or so . Watch a report on the shootdown " Officials had said the missile would not be fired until the space shuttle Atlantis landed , which it did Wednesday , to ensure debris from the destroyed satellite did n't strike the shuttle . The satellite was launched in December 2006 . It lost power and its central computer failed almost immediately afterward , leaving it uncontrollable . The satellite carried a sophisticated and secret imaging sensor . Because it malfunctioned immediately after being launched , it had a full tank -- about 1,000 pounds -- of frozen , toxic hydrazine propellant . Without intervention , the satellite would have fallen to Earth in early March , officials said . Watch how the failing satellite failed to spark fears " The fuel tank might have survived re-entry if the satellite had fallen to Earth on its own . It could have dispersed harmful or even potentially deadly fumes over an area the size of two football fields . Hydrazine is similar to chlorine or ammonia in that it affects the lungs and breathing tissue . But some analysts said the Pentagon had reasons other than safety for bringing down the satellite . "  The spy agency does n't want some part of the satellite to fall into the wrong hands , " Philip Coyle , a former assistant secretary of defense , told SPACE.com . The Web site also reported that Coyle said the shootdown allowed the Pentagon to show off U.S. missile defense capabilities and to prove to China "  we can shoot down a satellite in a test without creating a lot of debris like they did . " The Chinese military destroyed an aging weather satellite last year . James Jeffrey , deputy national security adviser , denied the allegation that the U.S. was flexing its military muscle . "  This is all about trying to reduce the danger to human beings , " he said . But Beijing appears to have doubts . "  China is continuing to closely follow the possible harm caused by the U.S. action to outer space security and relevant countries , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Jianchao said Thursday . "  China further requests that the United States ... promptly provide to the international community the necessary information ... so that relevant countries can take precautions . " Later Thursday , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said the Pentagon would share some information on the shootdown with China . In January 2007 , China used a land-based missile to destroy a 2,200-pound satellite that was orbiting 528 miles above the Earth . The impact left more than 100,000 pieces of debris orbiting the planet , NASA estimated -- 2,600 of them more than 4 inches across . The U.S. agency called the breakup of the Fengyun-C satellite the worst in history . In 1989 , a U.S. fighter jet destroyed an American satellite by firing a modified air-to-air missile into space from an altitude of 80,000 feet . That move adds to evidence the U.S. acted Wednesday strictly to guard against the prospect of a potential disaster , Cartwright said . The military timed its shootdown attempt so that resulting debris would tumble into the atmosphere and not interfere with other satellites , said Christina Rocca , a U.S. diplomat and expert on disarmament . Her comments were included in an online U.N. report on this month 's Conference on Disarmament in Geneva , Switzerland . See dangers and possible solutions to the satellite problem " The military also timed its efforts to minimize the chances that debris would hit populated areas . But the United States is "  prepared to offer assistance to governments to mitigate the consequences of any satellite debris impacts on their territory , " according to a report of Rocca 's remarks on the Web site of the Geneva office of the United Nations . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux , Jamie McIntyre and Miles O'Brien contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. will share some information on shootdown with China Pentagon : "  High degree of confidence " missile scored direct hit on fuel tank Officials see no debris larger than a football , general says Pentagon : Most debris will burn up on re-entry within two days
CNN  -- A body found Monday beside a North Carolina road is that of 5-year-old Shaniya Davis , who was reported missing a week ago , police said Tuesday . The official cause of death was undetermined as of Tuesday afternoon , Fayetteville police said in written statement . An announced afternoon media briefing was rescheduled for Wednesday morning . Earlier Tuesday , police said additional charges are expected in connection with the case and any charges will be made public as soon as they are filed . Shaniya 's mother , Antoinette Nicole Davis , has been charged with human trafficking and other offenses . Davis was "  prostituting her child , " police spokeswoman Teresa Chance said after Davis ' arrest over the weekend . Another suspect , Mario Andrette McNeill , has been charged with kidnapping in the case . Shaniya 's father , Bradley Lockhart , made a tearful appeal before reporters Tuesday afternoon , asking that "  everybody makes it a point not to ignore , to look past a situation where a person , a child , or anybody might be in danger ... so that we do n't have another tragedy like Shaniya . " He said authorities have given him limited information , but he was to meet with them later . "  It 's not the result I wanted , it 's not the result any father or family would want for their children , " he said . "  But God has a greater calling for all of us . " Shaniya 's mother reported her missing from their Fayetteville home in a mobile home park on November 10 . According to police , surveillance video taken that day from a hotel in Sanford shows Shaniya in the company of McNeill . "  The investigation at this point indicates that Shaniya Davis was alive at the time she left the Sanford hotel , " police said in the statement Tuesday . The road where the body was found is near Sanford , which is about 30 miles northwest of Fayetteville . Shaniya 's half-sister , Cheyenne Lockhart , said on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " Monday that she found it difficult to believe Davis had treated her daughter so poorly . "  She seemed like the sweetest woman . She did n't come from much , but ... she had the sweetest voice , she had the sweetest personality , and especially toward me . I would never think that she would do anything like that , " said Lockhart , who shared a father with Shaniya . Their father said Shaniya went to her mother 's home on October 9 . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	NEW : Grieving father , speaking to media , urges people not to ignore children in peril Shaniya Davis , 5 , was reported missing last week Mother Antoinette Nicole Davis faces human trafficking , other charges Davis was "  prostituting her child , " police spokeswoman says
CNN  -- A year ago , Sony and Microsoft were kicking off their new next-generation video game consoles at the Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  in Los Angeles , California . This year , the event will be all about the games , as developers show what they can do with that new technology . Some game companies have already shown glimpses of the power of the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 with recent releases like "  InFamous : Second Son , " "  Titanfall , " and "  Watch_Dogs . " E3 2014 promises to showcase even more creativity , flair , and dynamic gameplay with a look at upcoming titles arriving in the next year and beyond . Even Nintendo will be making a splash with its eye toward boosting sales of its own "  next-gen " console , the Wii U . The company chose not to hold a traditional press conference in 2013 , and has opted again for a digital event and smaller , more intimate meetings . But the real question for the expo is , how many of these games will people actually get to play ? Sony With Sony leading the sales pack with the introduction of its PlayStation 4 console , they will be looking to hold their lead and offer more titles to keep fans interested . They also will be showing off more about their latest hardware project , Morpheus -- a virtual reality headset that undoubtedly will be integrated into some of their own titles . Expect to see more about popular titles like "  The Order : 1886 " or "  Uncharted 4 , " two games that have been teased quite a bit over the months . It is also likely that fans will get glimpses of games like "  Driveclub " and a possible new title for the "  God of War " franchise . While Sony has n't pushed as much on the music and movie front as their competition , it would be a surprise if PlayStation Now , their new streaming service , did n't get prominently mentioned . With a new PS4 console/PS Vita handheld console bundle recently announced , cross-play and Vita titles will likely be part of every demonstration . Microsoft The Redmond , Washington , company has to feel like it has been playing catch-up for the past year . Fan reaction to some of its Xbox One policies and hardware forced Microsoft into backtracking on many of its E3 statements from last year . Unbundling the Kinect hands-free controller from the console , along with a price cut , garnered mixed reaction from the public , so expect Microsoft to explain why it was a good idea and how it will influence the user experience . A "  Halo 5 : Guardians " presentation will surely get everyone 's blood pumping and a new title , "  Sunset Overdrive , " should excite fans with its colorful and quirky gameplay . Will there be more exclusive title announcements ? Likely , but how many will move consoles is the real question . Microsoft has been aggressive in pushing the Xbox One as an all-in-one entertainment center , so do n't be surprised by more content partnerships to be showcased . Nintendo Nintendo 's struggles with the Wii U have been well documented . The company just ca n't seem to explain to customers why the 2012 console offers a different entertainment experience and is feeling financial pressure to do something big . The company is banking on new games to help get more Wii U 's into homes . "  Mario Kart 8 " and a new "  Super Smash Bros. " game will help . There are also rumors of a new "  Zelda " game for the Wii U and a major new title for the handheld 3DS console . Hopefully , they will also give more details about a series of figurine-based games , similar to "  Disney Infinity " or "  Skylanders . " Called the Nintendo Figurine Platform , a demonstration in May showed a Mario figurine being used with different games on the same platform . Can you imagine the demand for Mario-based figurines ? PCs Nearly every new game that comes out for the consoles also comes out for the home computer  well , except for Nintendo  . The popularity of "  World of Warcraft , " "  Neverwinter , " and other massive multiplayer online games has opened up the field for new MMOs to try their hand . With the new games , companies are going to be showing off new bells and whistles for computer gamers -- specialized keyboards and mice , chat headsets , and high-powered gaming laptops and towers . It 's a good bet a few booths on the show floor will be packed with the latest and greatest hardware for people who game on PCs . More games Third-party game developers will also be showcasing their talent with promises for this year and next . Warner Bros. . Entertainment just announced a new "  Mortal Kombat X " title , which should get some play at E3 , as well as more about "  Batman : Arkham Knight . " Both of those games are likely to be available in 2015 . Electronic Arts plans on a mix of updates to classic franchises , like "  Madden , " "  FIFA , " and "  The Sims , " while planting the early seeds for new , original projects set to blossom over the next few years . They will also announce a game from Criterion Games that is NOT another "  Need For Speed " game , but something brand new . Ubisoft will be showing off a new "  Assassin 's Creed Unity " game they said was built specifically for the next-gen consoles . They also announced "  The Division , " an open-world , role-playing game set in the heart of New York City , and "  Far Cry 4 , " taking the action to the Himalayas . "  Civilization : Beyond Earth " from 2KGames , "  The Evil Within " and "  Battlecry " from Bethesda Softworks , and "  Destiny , " a Bungie-produced title from Activision are all expected to be shown with more video , more explosions , and more excitement for the fans . Plenty of other third-party developers will be announcing titles throughout the three-day event . What else ? Virtual reality gaming is likely to be on the rise with the strides Oculus Rift has made toward a home headset in the past two years . Some companies are looking to be the first to produce a blockbuster hit for the VR headset . Mobile gaming , both on its own and as a companion to console gaming , will get more attention this year as many games produce one-off titles for smartphones or incorporate gameplay into tablets . It will also be curious to see how much social-platform gaming is featured this year . Regardless of what is predicted , expected , or promised , E3 always manages to have a few surprises and twists just to keep everything interesting . What do you hope to see revealed at E3 this year ?	The Electronic Entertainment Expo kicks off Monday in L.A. With all the new consoles released , games will take center stage Sony hopes to press its advantage with new titles , virtual reality Nintendo is going low-key , hoping to spur Wii U sales with software
CNN  -- The site of a deadly truck-train collision east of Reno , Nevada , remained shut Saturday as federal accident investigators examined the scene , a state trooper said . Two people died in the Friday morning accident , Trooper Dan Lopez of the Nevada Highway Patrol confirmed Saturday morning . The highway patrol could not be reached later Saturday . Amtrak said Friday it had reports that at least one passenger , an Amtrak train crew member and the operator of the truck died . The National Transportation Safety Board would not comment on the death toll Saturday . It was not immediately clear how many people were injured when a tractor-trailer slammed into the Chicago-to-California Amtrak passenger train at a railroad crossing near Lovelock , Nevada . Amtrak said that numerous people aboard the train had been taken to area hospitals for treatment . Amateur video taken after the crash showed huge plumes of black smoke billowing from the train as a fire burned . Passengers and crew members stood outside . One voice on the video can be heard telling people to get away from the smoke . Another tells a woman , out of view , to "  hang and jump . " A third voice asks someone , "  Are you OK ? " "  Next thing I know , we get hit by something . A big ball of fire comes in . I jumped out the window , " passenger Justin Rhine told CNN affiliate KOLO-TV in Reno . "  I saw people flying on the other side of the train . " The National Transportation Safety Board dispatched investigators within hours of the accident , the agency said . The NTSB has scheduled a press briefing for 9:30 p.m. PT . Saturday . Spokesman Nicholas Worrell declined to comment on the case before then . The truck struck the train , which was on its way to Emeryville , California , at 11:20 a.m. , Amtrak said in a statement . The train was carrying 204 passengers and 14 crew members , the company said .	Nevada Highway Patrol confirms two deaths in truck-train collision The accident scene is shut down for federal accident investigators The crash involved a Chicago-to-California Amtrak passenger train
Washington  CNN  -- The federal government said it will recommend that new cars have rear-view video systems , a move immediately denounced as "  insufficient " by safety groups who say the cameras should be mandatory . The camera and monitor system enables drivers to see whether people or objects are in the blind spot behind vehicles . The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said Tuesday it will add the rear-view video systems to its list of recommended features under its New Car Assessment Program , designed to encourage car manufacturers to improve vehicle safety . But safety groups called the action a stalling tactic , saying the agency is dragging its feet in fulfilling a congressionally imposed deadline to issue a rule on rear visibility . Passed in 2008 , the law had a 2011 deadline . The regulation is now two and a half years overdue . Death toll from backover accidents grows The NHTSA action "  is an inadequate substitute for issuing a mandatory safety regulation , " Jackie Gillan , president of Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety , said in a statement . "  In fact , safety advocates are concerned that NHTSA 's announcement is an attempt to divert attention from their failure to act . " The NHTSA announcement Tuesday came just one day before a group of safety advocates , including two parents who unintentionally hit their children while backing up , was expected to file suit against the U.S. Department of Transportation , which includes NHTSA . The suit is to be filed Wednesday morning by Greg Gulbransen , who reportedly backed over his 2-year-old son , Cameron , in his driveway in 2002 , killing him , and by Susan Auriemma , who backed over her 3-year-old daughter , Kate , in her driveway in 2005 , injuring her . Also joining in the suit will be the Consumers Union of the United States , Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety and KidsAndCars.org , those groups said in a statement . The lawsuit asks the court to direct the DOT to issue a mandatory rule within 90 days . Rear-view camera systems are available on seven in 10 new vehicles , as either standard equipment or an option . But the safety groups say the government 's inaction has allowed the death toll in so-called "  backover " accidents to grow . According to the U.S. Department of Transportation , more than 200 people are killed and 17,000 injured every year in backover crashes , when drivers back up over unseen objects behind them . Children under the age of 5 account for 44 % of the fatalities . In a high percentage of those cases , the motorist is a parent or family member . In December 2010 , NHTSA published a proposed rule and set out to meet a February 2011 deadline for enacting it . On-board cameras , NHTSA said at the time , could cut in half deaths and injuries due to backing crashes , at a cost of about $ 159 to $ 203 per vehicle , or about $ 1.9 billion to $ 2.7 billion a year for the nation 's 16.6 million fleet of new vehicles .  The price has since fallen , advocates say . Fatal wrecks underscore risks for young drivers But the Department of Transportation twice extended the deadline , first to December 2011 , and again to February 2012 , a deadline it has missed . The DOT said the extensions were necessary because of the "  large volume of public comments and the complexity of some of the issues . " Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a statement Tuesday that he remains committed to implementing a new rear visibility rule . But adding rear-view systems to its list of recommended features "  will encourage both automakers and consumers to consider more vehicles that offer this important technology . " NHTSA said it would include the video system into its New Car Assessment Program in two phases . Starting immediately , the agency will begin identifying on www.safercar.gov vehicle models that have the video systems . Next , as soon as the agency is able to verify that systems meet basic criteria , the agency will recognize those vehicles as having this recommended advanced technology feature on the website .	U.S. agency recommends rear-view video systems on new cars Consumer groups argue that systems should be mandatory Technology helps prevent "  backover " crashes
CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy has been the year 's second most-talked-about topic on Facebook , after the Super Bowl , according to data provided to CNN by the social network . At its peak on Monday , Sandy scored an 8.34 on Facebook 's "  Talk Meter , " which measures chatter about a news event on a scale of 1 to 10 when compared with a baseline . So far in 2012 , Sandy trails only the Super Bowl between the New England Patriots and the New York Giants , which earned an 8.62 in February . The year 's other buzzed-about events on Facebook : • First presidential debate : 8.18 • Vice-presidential debate : 6.79 • Academy Awards : 6.74 • San Francisco Giants winning the World Series : 6.71 • Hurricane Isaac : 5.24 • Announcement of Rep. Paul Ryan as Gov. Mitt Romney 's vice-presidential candidate : 5.21 Facebook 's data show that men and women are talking about the storm in equal numbers and that older users -- those over 55 -- are chatting more about Sandy than younger ones . People also are using Facebook to let their family and friends know that they survived the storm . As of 10 a.m. ET Tuesday , the most-shared term by U.S. users was "  We are OK . " Other top shared words and phrases included references to electrical power , damage and trees , and terms such as "  made it , " "  safe " and "  thankful . " Sandy prompts Facebook pleas : ` Stay safe ' Although Sandy made landfall in New Jersey , that state did not have the highest rate of chatter about the storm . That honor went to Connecticut , with New Jersey a close second . The top 10 states in terms of Sandy chatter are : 1 . Connecticut : 9.19 2 . New Jersey : 9.16 3 . New Hampshire : 9.12 4 . Delaware : 9.02 5 . Rhode Island : 8.98 6 . New York : 8.96 7 . Washington : 8.96 8 . Massachusetts : 8.95 9 . Maryland : 8.94 10 . Pennsylvania : 8.92	Sandy has been the year 's second most-talked-about topic on Facebook As of 10 a.m. ET Tuesday , the most-shared term by U.S. users was "  We are OK " Connecticut had the highest rate of chatter about the storm
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- When he lost his second parent to HIV/AIDS seven years ago , Ayanda Buthelezi 's future seemed bleak . "  I thought maybe God hated us , " said Buthelezi , now 22 . "  We were very scared . ... But I had to be strong for my brother because he was still young . " As orphans in Johannesburg , the Buthelezi brothers were moved to a home for families and children affected by HIV/AIDS . There , they were introduced to their first computer through Infinite Family , a nonprofit started by Amy Stokes . The group connects South African children with caring adults around the world via computer . "  Whatever the cause may be , these children are severely lacking adult attention and guidance , " Stokes said . "  Kids come into the computer lab because they want this special someone in their lives ... they want to connect with that special someone . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes Using a custom , Web-based technology , Infinite Family has so far connected almost 300 South African teens -- called Net Buddies -- with nearly 200 volunteer mentors from around the world . For at least a half-hour each week , pairs meet face to face on what they call the Ezomndeni-net . In Zulu , "  Ezomndeni means ` everything related to family , ' " said Stokes , 44 . "  Our platform is a virtual world where the mentors and the kids log in in different places , but then can interact and share information in many different ways . A relationship starts between one person here and one person there , and then that relationship expands . " In addition to basic Web-cam capabilities , the Ezomndeni-net offers about a dozen interactive forums , including a live chat function , a virtual "  wipeboard " where pairs can play games , and areas where pairs can do homework and surf the Web together . There is also an alert SOS button that Net Buddies can use if they are in dire need of guidance between scheduled chats . The experience has benefited Buthelezi , who is starting his first job as an IT professional on the Gautrain Project , South Africa 's first inner-city high-speed rail . When he was younger , "  he was one of those kids that was sitting in the back of the classroom and was really , really struggling , " Stokes said . "  About six months after being connected with Betty and Dave  Voigt of Sycamore , Pennsylvania ,  he came up to me when I came to visit and said , ` Amy , Amy , I 'm in the head of the class now , and I am so happy with where my life is going . ' " Buthelezi is also pursuing a degree in IT , and he credits Infinite Family for getting his life on the right track . "  My net family , Betty , she always advise me with the future plans : how to set my goals , how to achieve them , " Buthelezi said . "  I thought maybe this is my chance again to have a family . ... They 've been there for me ... just like my parents . " Stokes , a resident of Yonkers , New York , understands the important role a caring adult can play on a child 's own concept of the future . Raised with two adopted siblings , she knew from an early age that she wanted to become an adoptive parent one day . She did so in 2003 , when she and her husband , Chris , visited South Africa to adopt their son Calder , now 7 . While in South Africa , Stokes witnessed how HIV/AIDS has resulted in millions of children being left without parents . According to the United Nations , nearly 15 million children in sub-Saharan Africa have been orphaned by HIV/AIDS . "  If none of the adults you care about has ever lived past 35 , then why would you think you can ? Why would you stay in school ; why would you learn skills ? " Stokes said . " -LSB- With -RSB- so many children and so few adults to help them grow up , I knew we had to find a way to bring new information , resources and the caring , nurturing effect of other adults into the lives of -LSB- these -RSB- children . " Since 2006 , Infinite Family has built and operated five computer labs at partner organization sites across South Africa . In addition to providing mentors for children , the computer-driven communication of the Ezomndeni-net also develops their language and technology skills , preparing them to compete in the global marketplace . "  If the relationship is the motivation for attracting a child to a caring adult , then it 's also the inspiration for getting that child to invest in themselves , to learn the skills to do whatever they need in the future , " Stokes said . Before being paired with a child , mentors are subject to background checks , technological tutorials and cultural seminars covering mourning , HIV and developing relationships through e-mail . They sign up for a minimum of one year , but most continue beyond the requirement . Mentors can meet with their Net Buddies from wherever they have a secure Internet connection . Gifts , further financial assistance and any other help is optional and given to partner organizations directly -- never between mentor and mentee . "  The mentors know that all they have to offer is themselves , " Stokes said . "  We like to say , ` The gift is you . ' ... It 's a bite-sized opportunity to change a world . And there 's no commute . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Infinite Family website at www.infinitefamily.org and see how to help .	Amy Stokes ' nonprofit connects South African children with caring adults via computer Stokes started the program after witnessing how HIV/AIDS left many children without parents Nearly 300 teens have taken part in the program Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
Shia LaBeouf 's plagiarism apology tour took to the sky Wednesday as the "  Transformer " actor hired an airplane to sky-write "  I 'm sorry Daniel Clowes . " Clowes is the author whose story LaBeouf admits he copied for his short film "  HowardCantour.com " without crediting Clowes . But it was a cloudy apology , raising suspicion that LaBeouf has moved on from saying he 's sorry to Clowes and is now taunting Clowes fans and LaBeouf critics who have attacked him online in the two weeks since he was busted . The creativity shown by LaBeouf in more than two dozen Twitter postings of apology raises the question of why such a fertile mind needed to borrow ideas . Those tweets included the words "  naiveté , " "  embarrassed , " "  regret , " "  terribly wrong , " "  deeply sorry , " and "  hurtful and thoughtless . " The apology tweets started clearly enough on December 16 : "  Im embarrassed that I failed to credit @danielclowes for his original graphic novella Justin M. Damiano , which served as my inspiration . I was truly moved by his piece of work & I knew that it would make a poignant & relevant short . I apologize to all who assumed I wrote it . " Transforming apologies But three days later , it appeared LaBeouf was frustrated that the online attacks against him continued . Sarcasm emerged in his tweets : "  I want to thank all of you who have written in and created groups and protested . Even though I wish I had n't made so many of you angry . " Even here , LaBeouf plagiarizes -- maybe as a hidden treat for those obsessed with nailing him for plagiarism . It mirrors Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg 's landmark apology in 2006 for a failure in his then-fledgling social network : "  Even though I wish I had n't made so many of you angry , I am glad we got to hear you . " Sincere-sounding apologies continued for another week , including this on December 28 : "  When you 've made a mistake you should apologise . But more importantly -- most important of all -- you 've got to learn from your mistakes . " This was a cut-and-paste ripoff of UK Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg 's 2012 apology for his party 's breaking a pledge not to support a student tuition fee hike . It even included the British spelling of apologize . By December 31 , LaBeouf was mocking those who refused to accept that he was sorry for copying from Clowes : "  I am sorry for all the plagiarized tweets , they all were unintelligent , ambiguous and needlessly hurtful . You have my apologies for offending you for thinking I was being serious instead of accurately realizing I was mocking you . " LaBeouf borrowed the phrase "  unintelligent , ambiguous and needlessly hurtful " directly from a 2011 apology by film director Lars von Trier after he was banned from the Cannes Film Festival for remarks about Adolf Hitler . On New Year 's Day , LaBeouf went old school and used a predecessor to the 140-character Twitter forum . He hired a single-engine airplane to write through the blue skies of Los Angeles : "  I AM SORRY DANIEL CLOWES . " He then tweeted a photo of the airborne apology , because it was unlikely the author , who lives in San Francisco , would have seen it for the short time it was visible before the words were gone with the wind . The text that accompanied the tweet posted Wednesday night read : CLOUD : - vapor floating in the atmosphere - remote servers used to SHARE DATA - to make LESS CLEAR or TRANSPARENT If LaBeouf is considering a sequel to his short but controversial film about an online film critic , perhaps he already has a script for a movie about an actor who finds his voice on Twitter . Not everyone 's laughing For Clowes ' editor , the plot of LaBeouf 's film sounded awfully familiar , even before he saw it . "  I presumed that LaBeouf would be smart enough to change everything just enough to make it his own thing and shield himself from any legal liability , even if it did n't excuse him from being a weasel . Which is why , when I actually started watching it , I almost spit out my coffee when I realized he lifted the script , word for word , " said Eric Reynolds , associate publisher at Fantagraphics , in a statement . "  The more I think about this , the more I 'm fairly convinced that LaBeouf at least subconsciously knew what he was doing , " Reynolds continued . "  He never completely claims ownership of the script , as near as I can tell ; the credits conspicuously do NOT credit a screenwriter or source material , stating simply , ' A Film by Shia LaBeouf . ' When you look at that , coupled with the quote he gave ` Short Film of the Week ' about how details in his own life informed the script , it 's clear he 's trying to claim authorship without ever stating outright , ' I wrote this ! ' Which makes it even more egregiously shameless , in my mind . " And even if Clowes accepts the flurry of apologies , another publisher is considering legal action against LaBeouf . Melville House publisher Dennis Johnson sent a statement to CNN on Thursday accusing LaBeouf of "  extensive plagiarism of the Melville House book ` The Little Girl and the Cigarette ' by Benoit Duteurtre . " LaBeouf 's short graphic novel "  Stale N Mate " allegedly mirrors passages from the book . "  We are puzzled by the fact that , considering the egregious plagiarism of our author 's work by Mr. Laboeuf , he has taken such a cavalier attitude with regard to this matter , " Johnson said . "  We have been conferring with legal counsel over the holidays with the intention to pursue our legal remedies should we not hear from Mr. Laboeuf promptly to remedy this matter . "	Editor : Actor 's action was "  egregiously shameless " LaBeouf admitted last month he borrowed Daniel Clowes ' story for his short film Apology tweets include words "  embarrassed , " "  regret , " "  terribly wrong , " "  deeply sorry " Shia LaBeouf plagiarism apology tweets appear plagiarized
CNN  -- What will OK Go think of next ? The band 's creative videos have made use of treadmills , dominoes and optical illusions . In its latest , "  I Wo n't Let You Down , " the foursome takes to the road -- and the sky -- thanks to camera-toting drones and some Segway-like Honda vehicles called UNI-CUBs . The video is nearing 3 million views on YouTube . Part of the idea came from a visit to Tokyo 's Robot Restaurant , kind of a Medieval Times with robots .  "  Girls in bikinis battle enormous Transformer-style robots , helped by Daft Punk-style storm troopers on Tron motorcycles , " went the description of a TripAdvisor reviewer . "  It was the best hour of my life , " OK Go 's Tim Nordwind told Billboard . The band worked with Japanese director Morihiro Harano to design the 5-minute-plus clip , which begins with the group on UNI-CUBs doing some leg moves and then rises high over a building lot while the band is joined by several -- and then dozens -- of umbrella-toting Japanese schoolgirls .  A choreographer named Airman handled the moves ; Honda supplied the UNI-CUBs and some backing . Eventually the proceedings moved to a warehouse for the conclusion , a colorful display -- like a stadium flip-card maneuver -- that includes pictures of the band members and a "  ribbon " showing the title of the song . The last part took more than 50 tries and was shot at half-speed and then speeded up , the band members told Billboard . By this point , the drone camera was a half-mile up . The band 's videos sometimes take months to come together , OK Go 's Damian Kulash told HLN last month , and the day they debut is usually the quietest they 've had in a while . To really find out what fans think , he adds , the band prefers touring : "  It 's actually really nice to get out in front of people and feel the energy . " Still , the videos are part of a philosophy that tries to entertain as much as awe , Kulash told CNN in 2010 . "  We make cool stuff , " he said . "  We just think they 're fun . " Next up : a trip on Virgin Galactic ?	OK Go 's video , "  I Wo n't Let You Down , " is their latest hit This time , the group goes to Japan , and the video is shot by a drone Band also rides around on Honda UNI-CUBs
Washington  CNN  -- Tuesday is tax day , and the only thing more frustrating than paying taxes is Washington 's refusal to fix the tax code . Aside from entitlements , no policy debate highlights the dysfunctions of American politics more than taxes . Instead of viewing the tax code as a way to raise revenue and enable government to perform its essential functions , politicians on both sides of the aisle use the tax code -- and the debate about taxes -- as tools to keep themselves in power and to reward their friends and interest groups who put them there . First , liberals like to argue that taxing the rich will solve our debt and deficit issues . They ignore one major problem . There simply are not enough rich people to tax to make a difference . For instance , President Obama has seized on the so-called Buffett Rule that calls for higher taxes for "  wealthy " Americans . The nonpartisan Tax Foundation looked at this proposal , however , and found it lacking . They wrote , "  Taking half of the yearly income from every person making between 1 and 10 million dollars would only decrease the nation 's debt by 1 % . Even taking every last penny from every individual making more than $ 10 million per year would only reduce the nation 's deficit by 12 % and the debt by 2 % . There 's simply not enough wealth in the community of the rich to erase this country 's problems by waving some magic tax wand . Fortunately , the Senate voted down the Buffett Rule Monday night . Yet the Senate once again wasted America 's time to make a political point . So why do liberals work so hard to create the perception that "  taxing the rich " will solve our problems even though the top 10 % of taxpayers already pay 70 % of all federal income taxes and many low-income Americans pay no federal taxes at all ? Because it 's all about the politicians . Liberals believe that inflaming class envy will persuade the American people to elect Democrats over Republicans , who allegedly want to protect tax cuts for the rich . It would be hard to find a more tired and intellectually dishonest argument in American politics today than the idea that we can balance the budget by soaking the rich . Republicans , on the other hand , have desecrated the limited-government legacies of Reagan , Goldwater , and our founders by embarking on spending orgies with borrowed money -- a form of deferred taxation and financial repression -- while hiding beyond false pledges of tax purity that have made tax reduction and simplification much more difficult to achieve . For instance , some Republican tax lobbyists , such as Americans for Tax Reform 's Grover Norquist , say eliminating any credit or deduction -- what economists call "  tax expenditures " or "  spending the code " -- is a tax increase . For instance , when I tried to eliminate a tax earmark for Hollywood movie producers in President Obama 's stimulus bill , Norquist alleged that I was trying to raise taxes . In other words , Norquist would demand that Republicans and conservatives walk away from a deal that was $ 9,000,000,000,000  that 's $ 9 trillion  in budget cuts and $ .01  one cent  in new revenue . That 's pure stupidity and , fortunately , no one serving in Congress agrees with him . I know all the major negotiators on the Republican side and , regardless of what their public statements suggest , not a single one would automatically walk away from a deficit reduction deal that included revenue . The ideal tax rate is the rate at which government collects enough revenue to perform its essential functions and not a dime more . Another critically important principle when considering the ideal tax rate is something called "  Hauser 's Law , " named after investment economist Kurt Hauser , which shows that over the last six decades tax revenue as a percent of GDP has been about 19 % , regardless of fluctuations in tax rates . In other words , government has an extremely difficult time collecting more than 19 % or 19.5 % of revenue even if it increases tax rates considerably . Congress has not tackled fundamental tax reform in more than 25 years . In 1986 , President Reagan signed a comprehensive tax reform plan that closed loopholes , lowered rates , simplified the code , and sustained what was then the longest economic expansion in peacetime since World War II . Reagan called the tax reform act "  the best anti-poverty bill , the best pro-family measure and the best job-creation program ever to come out of the Congress of the United States . " Using Reagan 's approach would be a win-win for taxpayers . President Obama 's own deficit reduction commission , on which I served -- the Simpson-Bowles commission -- followed this template of lowering tax rates and broadening the base by getting rid of spending in the code . The commission recommended lowering individual rates to 8 , 14 , 23 % and corporate rates to 26 % . I would push rates even lower , but the commission report , which was supported by conservatives and liberals , showed that it is possible to lower rates , stimulate growth , generate additional revenue and reduce the deficit . Congress has done bold tax reform in the past . It can and must do so again if we are going to survive in the 21st century . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Coburn .	Tom Coburn : The most dysfunctional part of federal policy is the tax code He says GOP defends loopholes , betrays its past with huge deficit spending , borrowing Coburn says Democrats falsely claim that taxing the rich more heavily will solve U.S. debt woes He argues for grand compromise on tax reform along lines of Reagan 's 1986 deal
CNN  The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria has crude , stomach-turning tactics when it comes to dealing with its enemy , but experts say that its moneymaking methods are highly sophisticated , especially for such a new terror group . Here 's a look at how ISIS has made  and taken  millions : ISIS makes between $ 1 million and $ 2 million each day from oil sales , numerous sources tell CNN . The oil comes mostly from refineries and wells that ISIS controls in northern Iraq and northern Syria . The militants smuggle oil into southern Turkey , for example , and sell it to people who desperately need it just to carry on some semblance of everyday life . The United States-led coalition fighting ISIS has repeatedly targeted ISIS oil assets in an effort to , in part , damage this arm of the group 's financial system . ISIS is estimated to produce about 44,000 barrels a day in Syria and 4,000 barrels a day in Iraq , according to Foreign Policy . A Kurdish newspaper has published the names of people involved with ISIS and its oil enterprise , the magazine reported . Some on the list were associated with oil smuggling under former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein , Foreign Policy said , as were those associated with a Toyota branch in Irbil that sells ISIS trucks . Through its oil operations , ISIS appears to be trying to establish a self-sufficient state in the "  Sunni triangle " in west and north Iraq , said Luay al-Khatteeb , founder and director of the Iraq Energy Institute . Today , ISIS controls approximately 6 million people in Iraq and Syria , he said , and "  that is a lot of people who need fuel . " In 2012 , the U.S. Treasury Department estimated that al Qaeda and its affiliates had accumulated $ 120 million from ransoms over the previous eight years . ISIS was once aligned with al Qaeda . The two groups are thought to operate separately but share similarities . A 2014 New York Times investigation found that since 2008 , al Qaeda and its affiliates had received $ 125 million from ransoms , including $ 66 million in 2013 . A Swedish company reportedly paid $ 70,000 to save an employee whom ISIS abducted . Though officials publicly deny paying ransoms , the French purportedly have a policy of negotiating with militant groups to free its citizens . ISIS kidnapped Nicolas Henin , Pierre Torres , Edouard Elias and Didier François , in 2013 in Syria . They were released in April 2014 , CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen said in a report that asked whether paying ransoms is a wise strategy . The United States has a policy of not doing that , and the recent executions of U.S. and other Western ISIS hostages have sparked debate over whether that should change . ISIS demanded hundreds of millions of dollars for American journalist James Foley , said Philip Balboni , the CEO of GlobalPost , the outlet for which Foley freelanced . ISIS beheaded Foley and released a video of the slaying . The terrorists also told the Japanese government to pay a $ 200 million ransom to free two Japanese citizens . Japan did not negotiate , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said . ISIS slaughtered the men . ISIS allows locals to dig at ancient sites as long as those people give ISIS a percentage of the monetary value of anything found , according to a September 2014 New York Times opinion piece written by three people who had recently returned from southern Turkey and interviewed people who live and work in ISIS-controlled territory . ISIS ' system of profiteering from antiquities thieving is very complicated , the three said , adding that for some areas along the Euphrates River , ISIS leaders encourage semiprofessional field crews to dig . "  ISIS has caused irreparable damage to Syria 's cultural heritage , " the writers said , and it 's crucial that the digging and smuggling of antiquities be stopped because Syria 's history is essentially part of its identity . Leaving some of the targeted heritage intact , they said , "  will be critical in helping the people of Syria reconnect with the symbols that unite them across religious and political lines . " CNN has extensively reported on ISIS ' destruction of some ancient and deeply meaningful sites in Iraq . Officials in Iraq have said ISIS has blown up shrines such as the tomb of Jonah . Qais Hussain Rashid , director general of Iraqi museums , told CNN that ISIS militants "  cut these reliefs and sell them to criminals and antique dealers . " He gestured to an ornate carving that 's thousands of years old . "  Usually they cut off the head , leaving the legs , because the head is the valuable part . " As if pillaging were n't enough , ISIS simply damages fragile historical sites as if they were empty storefronts for the taking . Rashid said that ISIS has used the ancient ruined city of Hatra , or al-Hadr in Arabic , which dates back to the third century B.C. , as a training ground , weapons depot and a place to murder prisoners . In 2014 , ISIS gained control of large swaths of Iraq and Syria and set out to create civil and administrative entities as if it were a legitimate state . That is , after all , what the militants have claimed to be after -- a caliphate , or an Islamic state led by one person , a successor to the Prophet Mohammed . States demand taxes . In ISIS-controlled areas , to get anything done -- or to survive -- the people pay a fee to the terror group . Businesses are taxed if they want to have essential things like electricity and security , experts say . Drivers who want to move through a checkpoint must hand over cash . When it 's used more and more , extortion can seem to a terrified and traumatized populace as a normal tax system , Joseph Thorndike , the director of Tax Analysts ' Tax History Project , wrote in Forbes . Sometimes there 's no pretense such as "  taxing . " ISIS has stolen money , too . In June 2014 , the group raided several banks in Mosul and stole an estimated $ 500 million , though the full amount is unconfirmed , according to global intelligence firm Stratfor . In Syria , ISIS has seized control of oil facilities , taking over from rebel group al-Nusra , which did n't fight back . The Iraqi ambassador to the United Nations caused a sensation this week when he said that bodies have been found mutilated , and openings have been carved out of the backs of the corpses . To Mohamed Alhakim , that indicated "  some parts are missing . " He said it 's possible that ISIS is harvesting and trafficking the organs of dead civilians . There is tremendous skepticism about that , particularly considering how hard it would be to preserve organs in crude and unsanitary war environments . Mark Lyall Grant , Britain 's ambassador to the U.N. , said there was no proof or evidence to support Alhakim 's assertion . Mouaz Moustafa , the executive director of the Syrian Emergency Task Force in Washington , told CNN that Raqqa , ISIS ' de facto Syrian capital , is a kind of breadbasket . "  They 've got the cotton and the wheat . " he said . The United States has targeted grain silos that ISIS controls . Last year , ISIS announced that its "  Treasury Department " would start minting its own gold , silver and copper coins for its "  Official Islamic State Financial System . " It 's not clear if this has any value . The move is "  purely dedicated to God , " ISIS declared , and will remove Muslims from the "  global economic system that is based on satanic usury . " Everything to know about ISIS Scott Bronstein and Drew Griffin contributed to this report .	ISIS makes money by looting and selling antiquities , stealing from banks , extorting locals It is believed to make between $ 1 million and $ 2 million a day in oil revenue , experts say
CNN  -- In the wake of his decision to devalue Venezuela 's currency , President Hugo Chavez on Sunday said he would put the military on the streets to ensure that business owners do n't raise prices . Speaking on his weekly television program , "  Alo Presidente , " Chavez railed against merchants who re-price their items in reaction to Friday 's announcement that the Venezuelan bolivar currency , which had been fixed at 2.15 to the U.S. dollar since 2005 , was devalued to 4.3 to the dollar . For food and medicine , Chavez announced a second fixed exchange rate for these "  necessity " goods at 2.6 bolivares to the dollar . "  I want the national guard in the streets , with the people , to fight speculation , " Chavez said , calling re-pricing a form of robbery . A devaluation makes foreign products relatively more expensive for domestic consumers , discouraging imports . Chavez showed a photograph in a newspaper of consumers in long lines over the weekend to buy goods , fearing that the sharp devaluation could result in higher prices . The president blamed such lines on "  teleterror , " saying that opposition media outlets were fueling a panic . "  At this moment , there is absolutely no reason for anyone to raise the prices of anything , " Chavez said . He encouraged people to publicly denounce businesses where prices increase and threatened to expropriate businesses that do . The government would transfer ownership of such businesses to the workers , Chavez said .	Venezuela President Hugo Chavez announces devaluation of country 's currency Consumers rush to stores , fearing devaluation will cause higher prices Chavez : "  There is absolutely no reason for anyone to raise the prices of anything " Chavez threatens to expropriate businesses that raise prices
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Hollywood A-listers Antonio Banderas and Freida Pinto kept working on a new movie in Tunisia even as the country was beset by turmoil and protests , and its president fled to Saudi Arabia . The actors were shooting a film on location near Hammamet -- one of the towns caught up in rioting and looting . The film "  Black Gold " is a drama set in Arabia during the 1930s when oil was discovered -- a watershed development for the entire region . Its stars include Banderas , Pinto , Mark Strong and French-Algerian actor Tahar Rahim and is directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud -- veteran of such films as "  The Name of the Rose " , "  Enemy at the Gates " and "  Seven Years in Tibet . " CNN 's feature show "  Inside the Middle East " was shooting an exclusive feature on the making of the film when the unrest escalated around the country -- four days before President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali fled to Saudi Arabia . At the time , the cast and crew expressed concern about the developments but were determined to continue with the production . When asked whether , as an international actor , he was concerned about working in Tunisia , Banderas told CNN : "  Yes . Of course . I hope that everything comes to terms . I hope that both sides -- in the problems that they 're having right now -- have an open hand to understand each other 's position , and I hope that they start believing very much in the young people because these are the people that are going to be running this country in the future . They have to believe in them they have to bat for them . " The crew was still shooting during the dramatic developments last Friday and continued the following day . A spokesman said the actors followed events on TV and on the internet , and were offered the chance to leave but decided to stay . He said the overseas actors were concerned for their Tunisian colleagues but there was no panic . Banderas flew to France for business reasons but planned to return to the set on Thursday to wrap filming in Tunisia . The lavish set is part of Empire Studios , the brainchild of Tarak Ben Ammar , the biggest name in Tunisian cinema and a producer on many films including "  The Last Legion " and Monty Python 's "  Life of Brian . " He 's also a nephew of Tunisia 's first president , Habib Bourgiba -- the man replaced by Ben Ali 23 years ago . Ben Ammar welcomed the developments as a great opportunity for democracy in Tunisia and hoped his country -- which provided the locations for "  Star Wars , " "  The English Patient " and "  Raiders of the Lost Ark " -- would remain a popular destination for international movie-makers in the future .	Hollywood A-list star Antonio Banderas was shooting a movie in Tunisia The cast and crew of "  Black Gold " kept working even as protests and clashes increased Tunisia has been the locale for shots in major movies in recent decades Films have included "  Star Wars , " "  The English Patient , " and "  Raiders of the Lost Ark "
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration proposed updated guidelines on Friday that would allow religious-affiliated organizations opposing contraception to opt out of a federal mandate requiring that they provide their employees with insurance coverage for birth control . The draft rule would give women at non-profit , religious-based organizations , like certain hospitals and universities , the ability to receive contraception through separate health policies at no charge . The compromise is consistent with last year 's announcement by President Barack Obama on the contraception mandate , administration officials said . It also continues his administration 's attempts to resolve the contentious issue of how non-profit organizations can decline to provide contraception coverage to their employees on religious grounds without facing a penalty . "  Today , the administration is taking the next step in providing women across the nation with coverage of recommended preventive care at no cost , while respecting religious concerns , " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said in a statement . "  We will continue to work with faith-based organizations , women 's organizations , insurers and others to achieve these goals , " she said . As part of the new initiative , groups that are insured -- such as student health plans at religious colleges -- would be required to let their insurer know that certain participants would like contraception coverage . "  The insurer would then notify enrollees that it is providing them with no-cost contraceptive coverage through separate individual health insurance policies , " the HHS statement said . Although the agency has not estimated final costs of the plan , it said that offering free coverage would actually lower expenses over the long term , partly due to improvement in women 's health and fewer childbirths . Case fuels debate over when life begins Because the insurer would be covering the costs , the changes would allow religious organizations morally opposed to contraception to avoid paying for it . An original mandate on providing contraception was part of the new federal healthcare law spearheaded by Obama , the Affordable Care Act . It required that insurers provide , at no cost to those insured , all forms of contraception approved by the Food and Drug Administration . Houses of worship were exempt immediately and the administration widened those exemptions last year to include other religiously affiliated organizations , like universities and hospitals . That still left groups across a wide spectrum of faiths , many of which teach that contraception is morally wrong , covered by the mandate . They denounced it as an infringement of religious liberty . A group of 43 Catholic organizations challenged the rules in federal court in May . The administration had long defended the mandate , saying that it did not violate religious liberties . The new proposal also clarifies the definition of a religious employer . Instead of using a multi-part test that requires an employer to show "  religious values as its purpose " and to "  employ persons who share its religious tenets , " the proposed requirement would follow the International Revenue Code 's definition that includes "  churches , other houses of worship , and their affiliated organizations . " Following an uproar among religious institutions that did n't want to pay for contraceptives , the Obama administration in March offered several alternatives . The plan unveiled on Friday is a result of that effort . The updated rules proposal will be open for public comment through April 8 . The administration would then decide whether to make it final . A source with knowledge of the matter but not authorized to speak on the record said administration officials planned to discuss the new plan with faith-based organizations on Friday . The source also said the administration called key leaders , including presidents of Catholic universities , before the announcement . Women 's groups , including Planned Parenthood and NARAL Pro-Choice America , heralded the announcement "  Today 's draft regulation affirms yet again the Obama administration 's commitment to fulfilling the full promise of its historic contraception policy , " said Ilyse Hogue , president of NARAL . "  Thanks to this commitment , most American women will get birth control coverage without extra expense . " "  This policy makes it clear that your boss does not get to decide whether you can have birth control , " said Cecile Richards , President of Planned Parenthood Federation of America . Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York , president of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops , took a wait-and-see approach . Lawyers for Catholic hospital argue that a fetus is not a person Today , the administration issued proposed regulations regarding the HHS mandate " he said in a statement . "  We welcome the opportunity to study the proposed regulations closely . We look forward to issuing a more detailed statement later . " Not all groups characterized it as a compromise , however . Frank Pavone , National Director of Priests for Life , a group that launched a federal lawsuit against the mandate last year , said he was far from happy with the update and welcomes the opportunity to provide feedback . "  We at Priests for Life remind the administration that religious liberty does not just belong to religious groups and individuals ; it belongs to all Americans , " Pavone said . "  We see only one acceptable change regarding the mandate : rescind it completely . " The Family Research Council , a conservative pro-life group , released a similar statement . "  The proposal does not expand religious freedom to all organizations and does nothing to change the current policy that forces religious entities to pay for insurance plans that include abortion-inducing drugs , sterilizations and contraception , " said Anna Higgins , director of the group 's Center for Human Dignity . The issue of Obama 's health care act mandating contraception coverage became a hot-button political issue during last year 's presidential race . CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Eric Marrapodi and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Proposed rules would permit certain groups like hospitals , schools to decline to provide contraception coverage for religious reasons But women would still get coverage ; outside provider would pay for contraception separately Proposal would be shift in policy , could ease friction between Obama and religious groups NEW : One group says proposal does nothing to change current policy
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- The board of ailing Italian airline Alitalia has accepted an offer from Air France-KLM to buy 25 percent of the company and become its international partner , Alitalia announced Monday evening . Alitalia began flying in 1947 and was a proud symbol of Italy 's economic prowess after WWII . Air France-KLM , which will pay $ 323 million  $ 431 million  , will be the biggest shareholder in Alitalia and will have three seats the 19-member board of directors , Alitalia said in a news conference in Rome . Alitalia will keep its name , logo and uniforms . The airline will fly 22 fewer jets , but its 148-unit fleet will consist of younger planes , mostly from Airbus . Passengers will be able to fly to 70 Alitalia destinations : 23 in Italy , 34 elsewhere in Europe and 13 on other continents . It remains to be seen how free the new Alitalia will be from union strikes . Demonstrations are scheduled for Tuesday , but no immediate strikes are planned . The next scheduled strike is expected to take place January 19 for four hours . The union behind that strike represents mainly ground workers and some flight attendants . Alitalia declared bankruptcy in August and the government placed Augusto Fantozzi as administrator . The airline began flying in 1947 and became a proud symbol of Italy 's economic prowess in the post-war period . Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi campaigned last year on a promise to keep Alitalia under Italian ownership . CAI , a consortium of 18 Italian entrepreneurs , won control of Alitalia in the fall , after numerous talks with Fantozzi and Italian government officials and despite protests and strikes that canceled hundreds of flights and increased losses for the company . Alitalia , for which annual net profits have been rare , is expected to record a 2008 operating loss of $ 1 billion  $ 1.3 billion  on revenue of $ 3.7 billion  $ 4.9 billion  , Fantozzi has said . The other contenders for Alitalia 's partnership were Lufthansa and British Airways . Rocco Sabelli , CAI 's managing director , said Air France was chosen because it showed more determination , conviction and willingness . Sabelli said Alitalia fares will not increase .	Under new deal , Alitalia will keep its name , fly 22 fewer jets , have younger planes Passengers will be able to fly to 70 destinations , with 23 in Italy , 13 outside Europe Administrator : Expected to record 2008 operating loss of $ 1.3 B on revenue of $ 3.7 B Alitalia ground workers , some flight attendants plan to strike next week
A nurse 's assistant in Spain is the first person known to have contracted Ebola outside of Africa in the current outbreak . Spanish Health Minister Ana Mato announced Monday that a test confirmed the assistant has the virus . The woman helped treat a Spanish missionary and a Spanish priest , both of whom had contracted Ebola in West Africa . Both died after returning to Spain . Health officials said she developed symptoms on September 30 . She was not hospitalized until this week . Her only symptom was a fever . "  We are working in coordination to give the best care to the patient and to guarantee the safety of all citizens , " the health minister said . An investigation is under way to find everyone the assistant may have had contact with while contagious . So far , there are no other known cases . The assistant was one of about 30 health professionals in Spain who helped to treat the Ebola patients . The news came amid growing fears in the United States that the disease could spread . "  As I 've said from the start of this outbreak , I consider this a top national security priority . This is not just a matter of charity ... This is an issue about our safety , " President Barack Obama told reporters Monday . He called for protocols to help stop the spread of the disease , while downplaying the risk of an epidemic in the United States . "  We 're also going to be working on protocols to do additional passenger screening , both at the source and here in the United States , " he said . "  Here in the United States , at least , the chances of an outbreak -- of an epidemic here -- are extraordinarily low . " Texas Gov. : Quarantines at borders To avoid an outbreak , the federal government should start enhanced screening and quarantines at borders , Texas Gov. Rick Perry said earlier Monday . "  There 's only so much that a state can do , " said Perry , whose state is the first to have a patient diagnosed with the disease inside the United States . Thomas Eric Duncan flew into the United States last month from Liberia , the country hit hardest by the epidemic . He was coming to visit family and friends . After his Ebola diagnosis at a Dallas hospital , Duncan now lies in an isolation unit in critical condition . He is receiving brincidofovir , health officials said Monday . The experimental antiviral drug was originally developed to treat life-threatening viruses including smallpox . But antiviral drugs can be used to treat a wide variety of diseases . "  We appreciate and we applaud the assistance we 've received from the Centers for Disease Control and other federal agencies we 've worked with , " he said . But , he added , "  Washington needs to take immediate steps to minimize the dangers of Ebola and other infectious diseases . " Customs and Border Protection "  should immediately be directed to conduct enhanced screening procedures , obtaining more information about people who are coming from affected areas , " and taking "  appropriate steps " as simple as taking a person 's temperature , Perry said at a news conference . The procedures "  will also necessitate fully staffed , prepared quarantine stations wherever people are entering the country , ready to care for anyone whose screening turns up a concern , helping to prevent contagions from entering this country , " he said . Perry also announced the signing of an executive order creating the Texas Task Force on Infectious Disease Preparedness and Response . The group is charged with studying and improving the state 's plans for dealing with outbreaks such as Ebola and helping Texas quickly halt the spread of diseases . It will also share expertise with other states when needed . Patient 's dad : I told him not to cover the outbreak As he spoke , another state was treating its second Ebola patient in the current outbreak . The first was Dr. Rick Sacra , who was treated and no longer has Ebola . Freelance cameraman Ashoka Mukpo , who contracted the virus while covering the epidemic in West Africa , arrived for treatment in isolation at Nebraska Medical Center on Monday . His father , Mitchell Levy , said he had tried to dissuade his son from going to cover the outbreak . "  I told him he was crazy , " Levy said . Mukpo was strong enough to walk off the plane , said Dr. Brad Britigan with the hospital . Doctors are evaluating his condition . U.S. troops set to deploy to West Africa : Will they be safe ? ` All options on the table ' for screening at U.S. entry points To prevent more situations like Duncan 's , federal officials are now considering tougher screening measures , "  All options are on the table for further strengthening the screening process here in the U.S. , " a federal official said . They include thermometer checks for fever , something West African authorities are already doing . But finding the right passengers to screen is not so simple . Direct flights from Ebola-affected areas are rare . Travelers typically take flights that connect through other countries . "  Then they come here , so that makes it more of a challenge , " the official said . And even if Duncan had undergone a temperature screening , it would have turned up negative . Many people with Ebola have no symptoms at first . Who 's in charge of stopping Ebola in the U.S. ? So while the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is considering enhanced screenings at major U.S. airports , according to a CDC official , there are no concrete plans . "  We 're looking at all of the options . We want to do something that protects Americans , not something that either is done for show or something that wo n't have an impact , " CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper , " when asked about what new protocols could be put in place . Frieden spoke shortly after meeting with Obama and other senior leaders to discuss next steps . Officials want to make sure that new screenings would be worth potentially disrupting air travel and that they would n't unintentionally increase the risk of spreading the disease . "  The question that 's being considered now and readdressed is that , should there be entry screening of some sort ? " said Dr. Anthony Fauci , of the National Institutes of Allergy and Infectious Diseases . "  If you do implement it , what would it look like and what would be the resources that are necessary to implement it ? " Opinion : Protecting against Ebola trumps personal liberty	President Barack Obama and the director of the CDC discuss next steps The President calls Ebola a "  top national security priority " A nurse 's assistant is the first person known to contract Ebola outside of Africa in this outbreak She was one of about 30 health professionals who treated two Ebola patients in Spain
CNN  -- In August , while 450 of Hollywood 's A-list guests gathered at a lavish estate in California to celebrate Kim Kardashian 's fairytale wedding , about 2 million people honored the special occasion in their own way : by watching "  Kim Kardashian , Superstar , " the hardcore sex tape she made with musician Ray J. on the website of the adult video company Vivid Entertainment . Vivid is one of the most well-known companies in the porn industry -- its superhero parody flick "  Batman XXX " was the best-selling adult movie of 2010 , according to adult video news  AVN  . "  When we started this business about 26 years ago , it was completely different than it is today , " says Vivid founder and co-chairman Steven Hirsch . "  It was a very small business . The people in the business did n't really talk about it ; they were sort of underground . Over time , it really started to change and I think we had a lot to do with that . We began to really court the media , go out there and talk about our movies and talk about our girls . " Vivid further distinguished itself from other companies by putting six-figure budgets behind its movies , not only to get talent and prominent adult film directors like Axel Braun and B. Skow , but for high production value , quality writing  yes , pornos have scripts !  and marketing . In the '80s , a billboard on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles promoted Vivid 's stars and the company hired a publicist and created media kits , all of which had never been done in that industry before . "  These things that were so obvious in the mainstream world , we brought to adult , " Hirsch says . "  We were able to get articles written in Time , Newsweek , U.S. News and World Report , where they were talking about the business of adult  films  and how much money there was in it . That turned the tide away from people thinking all of the girls are drug addicts and prostitutes and this is sort of the last stop . " Today , a top in-house Vivid production takes about six months from start to finish and can cost several hundred thousand dollars . Vivid also decided to follow the old Hollywood studio model of signing their female actresses , also known as Vivid Girls , to exclusive contracts . "  The theory being , " Hirsch says , "  that if we were going to spend the money on promoting them , we did n't want the girls to make movies for other companies . " Jenna Jameson , now retired , is still widely regarded as the most famous and successful Vivid Girl . Currently , Vivid has only two contract girls , Allie Haze and Capri Anderson , the latter of whom is best known for being the woman who was with Charlie Sheen at New York 's Plaza Hotel last October in one of the well publicized events that ultimately cost him his job on the TV show "  Two and a Half Men . " In addition to the skin-flicks that Vivid has produced over the last two decades , the company now has a very successful parody division that puts an X-rated spin on mainstream Hollywood blockbusters like "  Batman , " "  Iron Man , " "  Spider-Man , " and "  Star Wars . " In addition to its own productions , Vivid is also known for buying celebrity sex tapes . More than 10 years ago Pamela Anderson and Tommy Lee caused a stir when a sex tape from their honeymoon was leaked to the public . Vivid bought the Internet rights and that video remains Vivid 's best-performing celebrity tape ever , according to Hirsch . "  Although at some point , " Hirsch says , "  I expect the Kim tape to surpass that . " Since then , Vivid has purchased Paris Hilton 's famous "  1 Night in Paris , " and tapes featuring former "  Girl Next Door " Kendra Wilkinson , actor Laurence Fishburne 's daughter Montana Fishburne , former WWE wrestler Chyna , country singer Mindy McCready , "  American Idol " finalist Jessica Sierra and reality show star Tila Tequila . "  With the Internet , people feel more comfortable with celebrities than ever before , " Hirsch says . "  They follow them on Twitter and on Facebook , so it 's just a natural progression that they 'd be interested in seeing them in an adult movie where they 're much different than we 're used to . The fact is that if you look at the celebrity tapes that have come out , if you look at Kim Kardashian , Paris Hilton , it 's done nothing but help their careers . " Montana Fishburne cited Kardashian 's meteoric rise as the inspiration for her foray into the adult industry . She told TMZ , "  I 've watched how successful Kim Kardashian became and I think a lot of it was due to the release of her sex tape . " Kardashian sued Vivid when Vivid first made the sex tape public . The legal battle ended with a monetary settlement in which Kardashian would share in the profits , Hirsch said . Vivid puts a lot of resources into its celebrity division . "  It 's so important to have unique content , " Hirsch says , because "  the typical stuff " can be watched free on the Internet . "  When it comes to celebrity tapes , there are very few of them , " he says . "  Remember , there are a few thousand adult movies produced every year ; there 's maybe three celebrity tapes . "  There is not a single day that goes by that we do n't get a phone call from some guy claiming to have some tape on some celebrity . " Ninety-nine percent of them , he says , "  are bogus . " What 's his dream celebrity tape ? Hirsch once answered that question by naming Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt . Today he says , "  Kate and William would n't be too bad . " But let 's get realistic . "  We 're often surprised by some of the people we donÂ ¹ t think would do it and show a little passing interest , " Hirsch says . "  But IÂ ¹ m not going to name any names . You 'll just have to see . "	Vivid is a well-known and respected company in the porn industry Vivid puts big budgets behind its movies , not only to get talent and directors The company has made a name for itself in the celeb sex tape market
CNN  In Paris on Thursday , fashion designer Rick Owens gave audiences quite a show when he sent male models down the runway wearing clothes with peepholes that offered a glimpse of the guys ' formerly private parts . "  Nudity is the most simple and primal gesture -- it packs a punch , " Owens said of his decision to have his models bare all . "  It 's powerful . ... Who else can really get away with this stuff ? It 's a corporate world ! " The looks were simply for shock and awe and the attention such reactions generate -- after all , they ca n't be worn out in public and wo n't be sold in stores . But let 's be honest : Were we even shocked ? After all , female models have been asked to sashay down runways in states of near nakedness for years . Meanwhile , more and more films are featuring full frontal male nudity . There was Michael Fassbender in "  Shame , " of course . And who can forget the uproar over the cameo of Ben Affleck 's penis in "  Gone Girl , " albeit so brief one had to know the precise moment to look for it ? And if we 've seen Ben Affleck 's penis , who cares about some male model 's ? Of course , women have been going full frontal in films for years . Perhaps the onslaught of nakedness is a sign that public nudity is becoming an equal opportunity endeavor ; that women are no longer required to do all the showing . That 's not a bad thing . Maybe the "  Free the Nipple " people are finally getting their way , and women will be able to parade topless around town , or at the gym , or wherever they please , without stares or stigma  or arrest  , as men have done for ages . More likely , it 's a clear sign that we 're a culture so overexposed that we 've got no other choice but to up the stakes at every turn . We are becoming -- have become -- immune to that which was previously surprising/revolting / awe-inspiring . It 's amazing how quickly Lady Gaga went from outre to passe , is n't it ? Meanwhile , Madonna is a faint middle-aged voice from the past who in a time long ago made news with pointy bras -- positively puritanical compared to the starlets of today . Consider their norms : Going commando -- that 's "  without underwear , " because , yes , there 's even a phrase for it . Giving birth on TV . Posing naked for mainstream magazines . The Kardashian sisters spent the fall one-upping each other -- first Kim 's naked backside on the cover of Paper  a sight credited with "  breaking the Internet "  and then Kourtney 's naked pregnant belly  and backside  online at DuJour , because if one reality sister does it , so , too , must the other . Miley Cyrus , meanwhile , continues to one-up herself , graduating from foam fingers and lewd gestures to her recent full frontal magazine spread in V magazine , the release of which she celebrated with a crude shoutout on social media . But what 's next ? What does she , or any of these women , do for an encore ? Where does a jaded culture go from here for kicks ? The envelope has already been pushed beyond what we once thought were the limits . What is left ? Perhaps they 'll think of something . You just know those "  Most Shocking " shows are trying to figure out how to show somebody actually die . You know that some starlet on the verge will go beyond a private sex tape  yawn  to arrange to be caught in the act . Or maybe we 'll grow up and become more European in our sensibilities , and react less like middle school boys at the sight of a breast . Maybe we 'll learn that hitting bottom culturally reveals a whole new bottom underneath . Whatever the impetus , the bottom is in sight . After all , being outrageous today is hard work , and only getting harder . The payoff , meanwhile , has nowhere to go but down .	Peggy Drexler : Male models at Rick Owens ' Paris runway show wore clothes that exposed their penises She says as we become harder to shock , the culture keeps going lower and lower . The bottom is in sight
London , England  CNN  -- A superboat custom built for the most recent James Bond blockbuster was the star act at the Scotland Boat Show , a three-day show at the weekend . The "  Quantum of Solace , " a 43-foot Sunseeker Superhawk , is one of three used during the chase sequence in the 2008 film of the same name . And its owner , Robin Porter , had his own action adventure while test-driving the boat off the coast of Marmaris in Turkey . Porter , who bought the vessel in late January but did not realize its celebrity origins at the time , says he found himself in a James Bond-like scenario , when he unwittingly traveled into dangerous waters . He says , "  It was a beautiful , nice day and we took the boat for a run . Out of the harbor and into the bay , from out of nowhere really , there was a boat with men wearing balaclavas covering their faces and AK-47s . "  We were in restricted waters and the little hamlet bay nearby was actually part of naval waters , " he continued . "  We were taken to be questioned and we did n't have the ship 's papers because this was a test drive of the boat so we had to get the coast guard involved . "  Then they asked ` Have you been drinking ? ' We had to be taken to the hospital for a drugs test . We could n't even go to the bathroom without a guard outside . We got interrogated about why we were in Turkey and we wanted to buy this boat , " he added . The fastest things on water Eventually their eight-hour detention came to an end as authorities involved realized it was a simple case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time . Despite this slight hiccup , Porter says things have been smooth sailing since his return to the UK and is delighted the boat was part of the show . Since he found out about "  Quantum of Solace " 's Hollywood provenance , he has decked out the boat with custom James Bond accessories . "  Recently we 've done up the boat and it has been liveried up with ` Quantum of Solace ' along the side , monograms , James Bond things , " he says . Porter declined to tell CNN how much he paid for the boat . Other Sunseeker Superhawks are currently on sale for between Â # 250,000 - Â # 300,000  $ 400,000 - $ 475,000  . "  If some people get some sort of enjoyment out of seeing or use out of it , then we are happy ... It 's as fast as it looks and extremely comfortable , " he said . "  Quantum of Solace " was on display for the public to visit during the show at at Kip Marina , Inverkip , west Scotland . Around 7,000 visitors visited the show , organizers said . Ten marine movies for a sail-in cinema The 43-foot Sunseeker was part of a larger Bond theme at the show : More James Bond icons lined the shore including a collection of five Aston Martins and the full range of all five Rolls Royce vehicles usually reserved for villains of the blockbusters .	` Quantum of Solace ' , a 43-foot Sunseeker , was on display during Scotland Boat Show Boat one of three used during chase sequences in 2008 film of same name Owner had no idea it was used in the James Bond blockbuster until later Superboat to be part of larger Bond theme at event
CNN  -- Charges of bribery against former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney and Halliburton by Nigeria 's anti-corruption police may be dropped after an agreement to pay a $ 250 million fine . "  Discussions focus on the possibility of a plea bargain arrangement , " said Femi Babafemi , a spokesman for Nigeria 's Economic and Financial Crimes Commission . "  Allowing the company and former officials to pay heavy fines in lieu of prosecution ... they would pay $ 120 million as fines and $ 130 million from bad money stored in Switzerland from the original deal -- so $ 250 million in total . " This month , the commission charged Cheney -- who ran Halliburton in the 1990s -- and nine others with "  conspiracy and distribution of gratification to public officials . " The investigation is part of a long-running case involving Halliburton and a subsidiary firm , Kellogg , Brown and Root , over alleged bribes paid to Nigerian officials to secure $ 6 billion worth of contracts for a liquefied natural gas project in the Niger Delta . The bribes are said to have amounted to $ 180 million between 1994 and 2004 . The firm pleaded guilty to foreign bribery charges in the United States last year and paid a $ 402 million criminal fine , the U.S. Justice Department said . KBR and Halliburton also paid $ 177 million to settle civil complaints related to the bribery , the Justice Department said . Investigations in Nigeria , however , have been ongoing , and there are allegations that the bribes went all the way to the top , to aides , officials and possibly then-President Olusegun Obasanjo . Many observers in Nigeria regard the move as a publicity stunt by the commission ahead of national elections in April and as a symbolic effort to display resolve against government corruption . The agency has had limited success in getting successful prosecutions and has n't charged any high-profile people since its top commissioner was removed from the body in 2007 . Cheney 's atttorney has said that there is no reason to suspect that his client is guilty . "  This matter involves the activities of an international four-company joint venture  which included KBR , then a subsidiary of Halliburton  well over a decade ago , " Terrence O'Connell said . "  The Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission investigated that joint venture extensively and found no suggestion of any impropriety by Dick Cheney in his role of CEO of Halliburton . " The latest discussions on reaching a settlement ended this weekend in London , Babafemi said . The arrangement is now waiting for Nigeria 's Minister of of Justice to officially agree to the deal , a decision that is expected by the end of the week .	Energy firm , former vice president charged with bribery They may agree to plea deal requiring payment of $ 250 million , Nigerian official says Case involves allegations of bribes to Nigerian officials for natural gas project Halliburton pleaded guilty to bribery charges in U.S. last year
CNN  -- A fire truck escorted the funeral procession of Shannon Stone , the veteran firefighter and Texas Rangers fan whose death at a baseball game prompted a national outpouring of condolences . Stone was buried Monday in his hometown of Brownwood , Texas . The 39-year-old firefighter fell to his death Thursday while trying to catch a ball at a Rangers game . He is survived by his wife , Jenny , and his son , Cooper . In the second inning of the ill-fated game , star outfielder Josh Hamilton tossed a souvenir ball into the stands after a batter hit a foul ball . Stone stuck out his glove and reached for the ball , but lost his balance and flipped over the railing of the outfield seats . He fell about 20 feet and crashed head-first into an area near a scoreboard , suffering fatal injuries . Stone died of blunt-force trauma , according to the Tarrant County medical examiner . Ronnie Hargis was seated in the stands near Stone and tried unsuccessfully to save him . "  Your first instinct is to reach out and grab him , " Hargis told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  I tried to grab him . I could n't catch him . He went down . As he went by me I tried to grab him again and I missed and ... it looked like he was in slow motion as he was going to the ground . There was nothing I could do but watch him fall . " His 6-year-old son witnessed the tragic accident . "  It 's just the cruelest of reminders of just how fragile human life can be , " said Joe Trahan , sports anchor at CNN affiliate WFAA . "  The mind-boggling thing about this is that everyone 's intent was right . " Rangers president Nolan Ryan , a Hall of Fame pitcher , said earlier that the club would review the height of railings at the stadium , even though they currently exceed the city 's code limits . Trahan told Lemon that club management is already working on making changes at their stadium . "  I 've spoken to Rangers officials , and they tell me that there are meetings that have already taken place with city leaders , meetings with architects at the ballpark , contractors . They 're trying to find a permanent solution , not a stop-gap one . " But fan-awareness also plays a crucial role at stadiums , according to Trahan . "  This is a stark and cruel reminder that  safety  is everyone 's responsibility when you go to the ballpark , " he said , adding that he was surprised that injuries did n't happen more often , especially "  down the first and third base lines ... those are rocket shots coming off those bats . " The Rangers held a moment of silence before Friday night 's game against the Oakland A 's . Members of both teams wore black ribbons . Flags at Rangers Ballpark in Arlington flew at half-staff all weekend . The team has set up an account accepting donations in Stone 's honor with the Texas Rangers Baseball Foundation . Donated money has been earmarked to help the Stone family . The Rangers have donated an undisclosed sum , according to the team 's website , and the A 's donated $ 5,000 . Watch CNN Newsroom weekdays 9am to 3pm ET and weekends . For the latest from the CNN Newsroom click here .	Stone died after falling over railing at Rangers Stadium Sports anchor : Accident a reminder of "  how fragile human life can be " Outfielder had heard Stone 's son ask for ball and pitched one toward him
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. has restored Fulbright scholarships to seven Gaza-based students , saying it erred last week when it rescinded the awards because of travel restrictions that Israel imposes on the Palestinian territory . Student Hadeel Abukwaik , 23 , says she hopes to have an exit visa to leave Gaza for the U.S. by August . In e-mails to the students on Sunday , the U.S. Consulate in Jerusalem said the United States was working with Israeli authorities to let them leave the Hamas-ruled zone to study at American universities . The scholarships were reinstated after Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice expressed outrage about the initial decision , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said Monday . McCormack said the initial decision was partly the result of a "  faulty decision-making process " by the State Department . "  The secretary saw it when it got to her level . She said , ` Fix it , ' " McCormack said . "  We hope that it has been fixed and that we are working with the Israelis to get these exit permits so that these individuals , again , can have a visa interview . " Watch how the students learned about the scholarship loss " U.S. officials had said the scholarships were rescinded because Israel had denied them exit visas . But McCormack said Monday that U.S. authorities did not take up the matter with Israel until after the matter became public . Israel , which has been criticized for banning hundreds of students from leaving Gaza to study abroad , said it considers each application individually . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev indicated Sunday that his country would be willing to grant the students visas . "  This can happen , " Regev said . "  No one has to pressure Israel on this issue . We have an interest . A real interest . " Citing security concerns , Israel imposed an embargo on the movement of people and goods from Gaza after Islamic militant group Hamas took over the territory last year . Palestinians can leave Gaza only with Israeli permission . Hamas has refused to recognize Israel 's right to exist , and Israel , the United States and the European Union have designated it a terrorist organization . McCormack said the seven Gaza Fulbright students must be interviewed by Israeli authorities before they can get visas to the United States . "  Should they have a successful visa interview -- and by law I ca n't prejudge an outcome of a visa interview -- then they would be able to come to the United States and pursue their program , " he said . If the seven are allowed to leave , it would be the first time Israel has let students do so from Gaza since January , according to Palestinian advocacy group Gisha . One of the Gaza Fulbright scholars , Hadeel Abukwaik , 23 , said she "  laughed like crazy " from sheer joy when she received Sunday 's e-mail . "  I was really hoping for this , but I did n't want to want it too much , " the software engineering student said by phone Monday . "  I did n't want to be disappointed again . "  This is really good news . " Fulbright scholarships are awarded on the basis of academic merit and leadership potential under the U.S. government-funded Fulbright program , which was started in 1946 . The scholarships allow U.S. citizens and foreign nationals to study and teach abroad to promote the "  mutual understanding between the people of the United States and the people of other countries of the world . " More than 279,000 participants have been chosen for Fulbright scholarships . Abukwaik said the e-mail she received Sunday gave no indication about when the students might be able to travel . She is waiting to hear back from several universities , including ones in California and Florida . She said academic programs start in August and she hopes to have a visa to leave Gaza by then . CNN 's Atika Shubert in Gaza City and Elise Labott in Washington contributed to this report .	NEW : State Department says U.S. erred when it rescinded scholarships U.S. tells students it is trying to persuade Israel to let them leave Gaza U.S. cited Israeli travel restrictions on territory when it rescinded awards last week Israeli spokesman indicates his country would be willing to grant visas
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- A cruise ship carrying 122 people was stranded Thursday on the coast of Antarctica after striking ice , officials said . Mariano Memolli of the Argentina Antarctic Directorate told Argentina 's TodoNoticias  TN  Television a naval boat and plane were dispatched to evacuate the passengers of the Ushuaia as a precaution . The ship , carrying 89 passengers and 33 crew members , was losing fuel and taking on water but was not in danger of sinking , Television C5N reported . Adm. Daniel Martin , head of the naval base in Ushuaia , Argentina , where a call for help was received from the ship , said the passengers were "  in a perfect state of health , " and were awaiting the arrival of the Atlantic Dream , a nearby cruise ship , C5N said . "  The weather conditions are not the best " where the ship is , he said . "  There are regular winds in the zone with violent gusts . " But he said the ship is protected because it is in a strait , and the weather would not affect the arrival of the rescue plane . The Panamanian-flagged Ushuaia was located about 186 miles  300 kilometers  southwest of Argentina 's Marambio naval base in Antarctica . CNN 's Javier Doberti contributed to this story from Buenos Aires .	A cruise ship carrying 122 people was stranded Thursday Ship carrying 89 passengers , 33 crew members , Television C5N reports Ship losing fuel , taking on water but not in danger of sinking , Television C5N reports
CNN  -- Timothy Bradley says he needs to beat Manny Pacquiao for a second time in Las Vegas on Saturday to move on from the controversial conclusion of their first fight two years ago . The WBO welterweight champion won a contentious points decision when the pair met in June 2012 , inflicting a first defeat on Pacquiao in seven years . Boxing commentators roundly criticized the result while former heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis said the scoring showed that boxing had lost its integrity . Bradley claims he subsequently received death threats and that he was unfairly targeted by fans and the media alike for the decision of the ringside judges . "  It would mean the world to me to get this victory for me and my family because of everything we went through in the past , " the 30-year old told CNN 's Don Riddell . "  It was like I stole something from the world that night . All I did was do my job . People ridiculed me , demonized me . " Bradley insists these dark experiences made him stronger as a person and will act as the perfect motivation ahead of the MGM Grand rematch . He questioned Pacquiao 's hunger at the pre-fight press conference Thursday , suggesting the legendary Filipino 's best days are behind him . Pacquiao has won world titles at seven weight divisions in a career stretching 18 years but has lost two of his last three fights . "  What really motivates me for this fight is what my opponent said , " Pacquiao countered in riposte to Bradley 's claims . "  He said I do n't have the killer instinct any more , I do n't have the aggressiveness any more . This helps me , it helps a lot . " Although he recorded a comfortable victory over Brandon Rios last November , Pacquiao was knocked out for the first time since 1999 by Juan Manuel Marquez in his previous bout . At 35 , it would be difficult for Pacquiao to resurrect his career at the very highest level if defeated by Bradley for a second time but he refuses to entertain this notion ahead of the contest . "  My mind is set in the winners side not on the losers side , " he said . "  I always think positive and not negative . " "  This fight on Saturday will be to prove that my journey in boxing will continue and I 'm excited for that . "	Timothy Bradley faces Manny Pacquiao for the WBO welterweight title in Las Vegas Saturday The fight is a rematch of the bitterly contested first bout between the two in 2012 Bradley scored a points victory but received death threats after the fight
CNN  -- Rights group Amnesty International has condemned a reported Saudi court ruling sentencing a man to be paralyzed as retribution for having paralyzed another man as "  outrageous . " In a statement issued Tuesday , the rights group called the punishment "  torture , " adding that it "  should on no account be carried out . " Local media reports about the case surfaced over the weekend . The Saudi Gazette , an English language daily paper , reported that Ali Al-Khawahir was 14 when he stabbed and paralyzed his best friend 10 years ago . Al-Khawahir , who has been in prison ever since , has been sentenced to be paralyzed if he can not come up with one million Saudi Riyals  $ 266,000  in compensation to be paid to the victim , the newspaper reported . CNN can not independently verify the reports . "  Paralyzing someone as punishment for a crime would be torture , " said Ann Harrison , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa deputy director . "  That such a punishment might be implemented is utterly shocking , even in a context where flogging is frequently imposed as a punishment for some offenses , as happens in Saudi Arabia . " The rights group calls this an example of a "  qisas , " or retribution , case , adding that "  other sentences passed have included eye-gouging , tooth extraction , and death in cases of murder . "  In such cases , the victim can demand the punishment be carried out , request financial compensation or grant a conditional or unconditional pardon . " Despite repeated attempts , the Saudi Justice Ministry could not be reached for comment on the case . "  If implemented , the paralysis sentence would contravene the U.N. Convention against Torture to which Saudi Arabia is a state party and the Principles of Medical Ethics adopted by the UN General Assembly , " Amnesty International said . This is not the first time a "  paralysis as punishment " sentence has made headlines in Saudi Arabia . In 2010 , local media reported the case of a 22-year-old man who was paralyzed in a fight , saying he had subsequently requested paralysis as punishment for the man he 'd fought with . After the initial reports , the Saudi Ministry of Justice denied that paralysis had ever been considered as punishment in that case .	A Saudi court has sentenced a man to be paralyzed if he ca n't pay compensation , media say The man stabbed and paralyzed his friend 10 years ago , the Saudi Gazette says Amnesty International says the reported sentence would be torture if carried out The Saudi Justice Ministry has not responded to requests for comment on the case
CNN  -- Police in Boise , Idaho , said late Monday that they have made an arrest in connection with a break-in at a local zoo and the death of a patas monkey there . Michael J. Watkins , 22 , faces two felony charges , burglary and grand theft . "  I speak for many of us in the police department and the community who were angered and outraged over this senseless crime , " said Boise Police Chief Michael Masterson . "  As usual , it was a combination of a citizen tip and good police work that led us to the arrest in this case . " Police were called to Zoo Boise early Saturday morning by a guard who reported a burglary in progress . The security guard saw two men , one inside the zoo and one outside . They ran . During an unsuccessful search for the man inside the zoo , police and zoo employees found a patas monkey that was seriously injured near an exhibit where the suspect was last seen . The animal died ; the cause of death was determined to be blunt force trauma to the head and neck . Following citizen tips and information gleaned from the investigation , police arrested Watkins in Washington County , Idaho , where he remains in custody . He has injuries on his upper torso , but police have not yet been able to determine the cause of those injuries , Masterson said . The police chief declined to speculate on the suspect 's motives . He said he does not expect the other man the guard saw at the zoo to be criminally charged . Zoo Boise still has one patas monkey that the staff is giving extra attention in the wake of the other 's death . "  For the short time , he is OK being by himself , but that 's not a long-term solution . Monkeys need to be housed in social groups , and so ... we are actively trying to find another patas monkey that we might be able to bring the zoo , " said Steve Burns , the zoo 's director . He said members of his staff were confused and angry when he first told them what happened . "  They kept asking why and I did n't have an answer for them , " he said . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Michael J. Watkins , 22 , faces two felony charges , burglary and grand theft He has injuries on his upper torso , the cause of which is unclear The monkey died of blunt force trauma to the head and neck
CNN  -- A severed human hand and foot sent to two Vancouver schools are linked to a grisly killing and dismemberment in Montreal , police said Wednesday . Montreal police have taken over the investigation of the Vancouver incident because they believe the suspect in the case , porn actor Luka Rocco Magnotta , 29 , sent the body parts via Canada Post from Montreal . "  Right now , we got no reason to believe there could be someone else involved in this horrible crime , " said Montreal police Commander Ian Lafreniere . Investigators believe Magnotta killed Concordia University student Jun Lin , 33 , on May 24 or May 25 , posted a 10-minute video of the murder and dismemberment , then took a flight to Paris on May 26 . Authorities launched a massive manhunt that ended Monday when Berlin police nabbed Magnotta at an Internet cafe . Magnotta will not fight extradition to Canada to face first-degree murder charges , Berlin police said . Police said Magnotta mailed Lin 's left hand and foot to the headquarters of Canada 's two main political parties in Ottawa . DNA tests completed Tuesday confirmed the body parts were Lin 's . Police believe the right hand and foot found later in Vancouver also belonged to Lin . They are on their way back to Montreal for DNA testing . Lin 's torso was found after a resident of Magnotta 's apartment building in Montreal called to complain about a foul smell in an alleyway . The torso was stuffed inside a suitcase tossed into a garbage heap . The victim 's head is still missing . Police also believe Magnotta filmed the death and dismemberment and posted the video to the Internet . Authorities have said the video shows Magnotta engaged in sexual acts involving body parts . Lafreniere said the video also included evidence of cannibalism . The crime , the grisliest Montreal police have seen in years , has Canadians on edge . Adding to the panic was a 911 caller who reported a severed foot in Montreal less than 24 hours after the gruesome discoveries in Vancouver . Lafreniere said that the foot was fake , made of plastic or rubber , and that it was someone 's idea of a bad joke . "  It put everyone under stress thinking there could be body parts everywhere , " he said . The discovery of Lin 's body parts set off a massive manhunt for Magnotta who , before that , had left a disturbing trail in cyberspace . Police plan to look into accusations by online animal rights activists who say Magnotta killed kittens by suffocation or drowning and videotaped himself in the act . He also said investigators would check out rumored links between Magnotta and notorious killer Karla Homolka . Ontario police arrested Homolka and her husband in 1993 in the rapes and murders of three Ontario girls , including her own sister . As part of a plea bargain , Homolka served 12 years in prison and was released a few years ago . However , Lafreniere said investigators have no evidence linking Magnotta to other crimes . Montreal police are also investigating a website that hosted Magnotta 's chilling 10-minute video of Lin 's murder . The site could face criminal charges for publishing obscene material . However , the hand and foot discoveries in Vancouver take precedence in the police investigation , Lafreniere said Wednesday . He asked reporters again to be aware of how difficult this has been for Lin 's family . "  We have been working extremely hard to find all the body parts with respect to the family , " he said . Lin 's parents hailed from a village in China and did not have much money , Lafreniere said . They plan to travel to Montreal , and some Montrealeans have volunteered to help them with costs . "  I am proud of that , " Lafreniere said .	A severed hand and foot sent to Vancouver schools belonged to Montreal victim , police say Luka Rocco Magnotta , arrested Monday in Berlin , is believed to have mailed the body parts Magnotta 's arrest ended a massive international manhunt Police accuse him of killing and dismembering university student Jun Lin
CNN  -- Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant and his wife , Vanessa , say they are calling off their divorce . And they announced it on social media . On Friday , Vanessa Bryant 's Instagram page had a message reading : "  We are pleased to announce that we have reconciled . Our divorce action will be dismissed . We are looking forward to our future together . " Kobe Bryant posted a message on his Facebook page the same day . "  I am happy to say that Vanessa and I are moving on with our lives together as a family , " he posted . "  When the show ends and the music stops , the journey is made beautiful by having that someone to share it with . Thank you all for your support and prayers . " Vanessa Bryant filed for divorce in December 2011 , citing irreconcilable differences . The divorce filing came nearly 10 years after she famously stuck by him after he admitted to having sex with a woman at a Colorado hotel . Their marriage was thrust into the spotlight when the desk clerk at a Vail-area resort hotel told police that Kobe Bryant had sexually assaulted her in 2003 . The Eagle County District Attorney filed charges against Bryant shortly after the accusation . At the time , Vanessa Bryant sat by her husband 's side as he publicly apologized to her while admitting that he 'd had consensual sex with the 19-year-old . Turning to his wife , Bryant said , "  You 're a piece of my heart . You 're the air I breathe . And you 're the strongest person I know . And I 'm so sorry for having to put you through this , for having to put our family through this . " Criminal charges against Bryant were later dismissed . He settled a federal lawsuit with his accuser in 2005 . The couple have two daughters together .	The couple announced the move on social media Vanessa Bryant filed for divorce in December They have two daughters together
CNN  -- Better late than never . As those in green danced with joy and celebrated the apparent end of Mexico 's World Cup curse , those in orange were already planning their flights home . Mexico , which had failed to win a last-16 match in its previous five attempts , finally appeared to have cracked it . Giovani Dos Santos ' strike , which came in the 48th minute , looked like it had secured a quarterfinal place for only the third time in nation 's history -- and the first on foreign soil . And yet , with the prize within its grasp , Mexico faltered at the last . With just two minutes of the contest remaining , step forward Wesley Sneijder . A man for whom nothing had gone right all afternoon . His passing was wayward , his touch was off and the quality with which he has been blessed appeared to have temporarily escaped him . But when the Netherlands needed the Galatasaray man the most , he delivered . With 88 minutes on the clock , the ball came out to Sneijder on the edge of the penalty area and he sent an unstoppable right-footed effort into the bottom corner . Cue the hysteria from the Dutch fans , who had already consigned themselves to an evening of drowning their sorrows and an early flight back to Amsterdam . In the energy-sapping conditions of Fortaleza , where the temperature pitchside reached over 100 , Mexico suddenly wilted . For the best part of 90 minutes it had negated the attacking threat of the Dutch , seen off Robin van Persie and looked good value for a place in the last eight . After all , for a team which only qualified for the tournament following a playoff against New Zealand , a place in the quarterfinals would represent a huge success . Mexico , led by the charismatic and affable Miguel Herrera , have become one of the most difficult sides to beat . But when it needed its resilience most , it failed . Instead , Arjen Robben , the man who had tormented Mexico for large periods of the second half , was brought down inside the penalty area by Rafael Marquez . While the Mexican players protested following Robben 's spectacular fall , their anger fell on deaf ears . "  He dived three times , he should have cautioned him the first time , " Miguel Herrera , the Mexico coach , told reporters of Robben after the game . "  It seems to me the reason  we lost  was the referee , the man with the whistle . He left us outside the next stage of the World Cup . "  If the referee starts marking fouls that do n't exist , you leave the World Cup to circumstances out of your hands . We expect the referee committee to take a look at that and that this gentleman goes home , just like us . " Herrera was still seething after the game as he addressed the press -- and television replays suggested he had a point . Nevertheless , a penalty was awarded and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar showed remarkable composure to fire low into the corner and break Mexican hearts in the fourth minute of six added on . "  The players showed they had faith and belief until the very end , " van Gaal told reporters following the 2-1 victory . "  The humidity was not in our favor , so when you see that until the very last minute we were fresher and fitter than the Mexicans , that is a big compliment to my players . "  Not only did they have belief but physically they prepared so well to play this match . That of course gives us enormous confidence going forward . " Few would have expected such late drama , with the Dutch appearing to struggle to create many clear-cut opportunities before falling behind . Mexico , which defeated Cameroon and Croatia either side of a draw with Brazil , started positively and felt it should have been given a penalty when Ron Vlaar fouled Hector Herrera . Those appeals were dismissed by referee Pedro Proenca , as were the shouts from the Dutch when Robben was upended by a combination of Hector Moreno and Marquez . With both teams having slowed down play following the tournament 's first three-minute cooling break , introduced by FIFA to combat dehydration in the hot weather , it was little surprise that the first half ended goalless . But the second 45 minutes proved a far more entertaining affair -- especially given Mexico 's rapid start . Dos Santos received the ball 20 yards from goal and his fierce effort flew past Jasper Cillessen and into the far corner . That goal appeared to stun the Dutch -- a side which had swept all before it in the group stage . After all , this was a Netherlands team which had dismantled reigning world champion Spain 5-1 , beaten Chile comfortably and fought back to see off Australia . But in the oppressive heat , the men in orange appeared to be toiling under the heavy sun . When the Dutch did get forward , they found the irrepressible Ochoa in the form of his life . Already a star following his performance against Brazil , where he produced save after save , the Mexico goalkeeper was at it again . First , he denied Stefan de Vrij from close range , pushing his header onto the post before standing tall to block Robben 's effort . The Dutch looked down and out . And then it happened . Step forward Sneijder , one of the few experienced players who was there that fateful night in South Africa when his side was beaten in the final by Spain . With just two minutes remaining , his rasping effort flew past Ochoa and breathed new life into his ailing teammates . Huntelaar , who had replaced the ineffective van Persie , then converted his injury-time penalty to spark wild celebrations . A date with Costa Rica now awaits the Dutch -- for Mexico , it 's home time once again . Brazil 2014 World Cup : schedule of matches	Netherlands defeats Mexico 2-1 in Fortaleza Wesley Sneijder and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar score late goals to secure win Giovani Dos Santos had given Mexico 48th minute lead Dutch will face Costa Rica in quarterfinals
CNN  -- For 50 years one spy has outfoxed , outgunned , and outdressed every villain thrown his way . His name ? Bond ... James Bond . Now a new 007 exhibition in London is celebrating the half century since the world 's most famous secret agent first appeared on screen . It was 1962 when Sean Connery 's Bond defeated Dr. No and floated off into the sunset with Honey Ryder . Today the first Bond Girl 's bikini is one of more than 400 items on display in an exhibition tracing the design of the one of the world 's most profitable film franchises . From Scaramanga 's golden gun to Daniel Craig 's tiny trunks in the 2006 remake of "  Casino Royale , " the Barbican Centre exhibition in London allows fans to follow in 007 's footsteps on a journey from 1962 up through Bond 's golden anniversary ahead of "  Skyfall " , which is due to be released in October . "  Adventure films have come and gone , but James Bond has remained a huge box office draw throughout , " exhibition co-curator Bronwyn Cosgrave told CNN . "  And he 's also the best-dressed man in cinema history . " James Bond 's ` Quantum of Solace ' speedboat is show 's star turn Fans are greeted at the gallery 's exhibition by a waxwork of Sean Connery leaning against a replica of Bond 's famous 1964 Aston Martin DB5 car . From there , a bullet-shaped entry way leads through to the Gold Room , which features a life-sized recreation of character Jill Masterson 's death by gold paint from the 1964 film "  Goldfinger . " "  Shirley Eaton 's golden body is one of the most iconic Bond images , and we went to great lengths to cast a form -- not just a mannequin -- to painstakingly make a body that resembled her nubile proportions from Goldfinger , " Cosgrave said . The exhibition 's narrative arc is formulated much like a Bond film : visitors pass through M 's office , where Britain 's top spy received his mission orders , to Q Branch , where he picked up his latest gadgets . A montage of the casino scenes from every Bond film play on the walls of the casino room before visitors take a trip through the "  real , fictional , and otherworldly " exotic locations of 007 's many adventures . Idris Elba : I 'd consider playing James Bond The exhibition also traces the evolution of Bond 's formidable wardrobe , from Connery 's Savile Row-made tuxedos to Pierce Brosnan 's Brioni suits , and showcases a number of Bond Girl dresses , including Halle Berry 's Versace dress from "  Die Another Day . " Cosgrave and her colleagues dug deep into the 007 archive in order to find pieces that evoke design in Bond films . "  This is the only exhibition where Bond is a supporting character -- equally iconic are the sets , the gadgets , and the costumes , " she said . The costumes are remarkable , but at the end of the day Bond is a man of action -- which is why the exhibition 's grand finale culminates in the Ice Palace from "  Die Another Day , " where visitors are surrounded with footage of 007 's many chase scenes in the snow . The exhibition ends where many of the spy 's adventures began : at the bar with a martini -- shaken , not stirred , obviously -- in classic Bond fashion . New James Bond ` GoldenEye ' game debuts	"  Designing 007 : 50 years of Bond Style " opens at London gallery Exhibition , with over 400 Bond archive items , explores design behind 007 films Showcase includes bikini of first Bond Girl , the golden gun and Bond 's 1964 Aston Martin
MOGADISHU , Somalia  CNN  -- Ethiopian troops have not yet begun to withdraw from key positions in the capital of Somalia two days after they were supposed to do so under a peace agreement designed to end years of conflict . Ethiopian troops are yet to leave the Somlai capital despite a peace agreement . The Ethiopians had agreed to withdraw from some bases by Friday under an agreement signed last month by the Somali transitional government and a rebel faction known as the Alliance for the Re-Liberation of Somalia . Ethiopia invaded Somalia two years ago to expel Islamic forces who had conquered Mogadishu . Under the deal signed October 26 , a cease-fire between the transitional government and the ARS went into effect November 5 . The Ethiopians were to withdraw from from key positions in the capital on November 21 , and leave the country entirely early in 2009 . Somali Prime Minister Nur Hassan Hussein has said that Ethiopian troops will withdraw as agreed . Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , a moderate leader of the rebel ARS , told the local radio station Shabelle Saturday that the Ethiopian troops would pull out on schedule . Insurgents clashed with Somali government forces and their Ethiopian allies Friday , witnesses said , leaving at least 11 fighters dead . The fighting started when armed insurgent fighters attacked the house of a local commissioner in Mogadishu 's Wadajir district , sparking heavy fighting between the government troops guarding the house and the insurgents . "  I saw 11 men wearing red turbans on the heads dead on the ground , " local resident Mohamed Haji Ali told CNN by phone from a house near where the clashes took place . Other residents provided a similar death toll . The commissioner whose house was attacked , Ahmed Da 'd , said that his soldiers killed 17 insurgents . He displayed what he said were some of the dead insurgents for the media . It is not clear what will happen if the Ethiopian troops remain in Mogadishu despite the October 26 peace deal . Under that agreement , government and opposition members will form a 10,000-member joint police force to keep order , along with the African Union peacekeeping mission now in place and a U.N. force to be deployed later . Both sides will work toward establishing a unity government in Somalia , which has been riven by 17 years of strife since the collapse of its last fully functional government . Ethiopia invaded Somalia in December 2006 to install the transitional government in Mogadishu after a decade and a half of near-anarchy . The invasion had the blessing of the United States , which accused the Islamic Courts Union -- which captured Mogadishu earlier that year -- of harboring fugitives from al Qaeda . The Islamists responded with a guerrilla campaign against government and Ethiopian troops . Efforts to replace the Ethiopians with an African Union-led peacekeeping mission faltered as the violence worsened , and heavy fighting in Mogadishu and other cities drove hundreds of thousands from their homes . The lawlessness also spilled on to the seas off the Horn of Africa , where international vessels are routinely hijacked by suspected Somali pirates who demand large ransoms . Journalist Abdinasir Mohamed Guled and CNN 's Mohammed Amiin and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Ethiopian troops yet begin to withdraw from key positions in Somali capital Ethiopians had agreed to withdraw from some bases by Friday They were supposed to do so under a peace agreement designed to end conflict
CNN  -- Drew Manning thought he had the body of the ideal man : 6 feet 2 inches of tanned musculature , sculpted arms and washboard abs that narrowed to a firm , 34-inch waist . His perfectly chiseled body was hairless due to regular "  manscaping . " People assumed he worked out three hours a day , seven days a week , but the 31-year-old personal trainer said nutrition was really the key to his dream body . As for working out , he indulged in his favorite activity for only about 45 minutes a day , four to five days a week . Then , Manning 's once impressive muscles softened to pounds of bloated fat -- on purpose . Manning , a personal trainer , decided to gain nearly 70 pounds so he could better understand how his clients feel . He then planned to lose the weight to show that no matter the numbers they faced , others could get fit , too . He called it his "  Fit 2 Fat 2 Fit " campaign , and documented it on a blog , and a book that debuts in June . He expected some physical discomfort , but the emotional struggle -- and judgment from others -- surprised him . As he loaded sugary cereals and soft drinks from his cart at the local grocery store one day , he caught three women staring at him , then sliding their eyes to the food he was buying . " ` I 'm doing this as an experiment ! I used to be a fit guy , not the fat guy , ' " Manning wanted to turn around and explain . "  I 'm a lot more self-conscious now . There was a total lack of confidence in the way I felt in public because I was n't the fit guy anymore . " The female form has long been the topic of discussions about self-esteem , but what about men ? Their ideas about weight , body image and self-esteem have been largely swept under the ambiguous rug of masculinity . Meanwhile , changing standards about the ideal male form can leave them overwhelmed and exhausted by the chase for perfection , too . Men do n't talk about it as much , health experts say , but that does n't mean they 're not thinking about it , whether they 're ultra-fit or kind of fat . "  Men are still taught as boys that the body is something that is designed to be a perfectly performing machine , not something to be cared for and nurtured , " said Michael Addis , professor of psychology at Clark University and author of "  Invisible Men . " "  But men base self-esteem on body image and weight . " Inside the man in the mirror As a professor for 17 years and counting , Addis has observed how the male college students in his classes have changed and adapted to shifting cultural norms . In recent years , more of them spend time in the gym , focus on their appearance and monitor body mass . Most are n't trying to lose weight -- they 're documenting their physique , he said . It 's a far cry from the male celebrities of the 1950s -- think Spencer Tracey or Robert Mitchum -- who wore their heftiness as a sign of financial success or a way to demonstrate masculinity , Addis said . He attributes the change to shifting gender roles . "  As women gain more financial power in society , men are expected to bring more to the table , " Addis said . "  In addition to being financially successful , they need to be well-groomed , in good shape , emotionally skilled in relationships and the emphasis on looking good is just part of the bigger package -- the stakes have been raised . " Some psychologists and trend watchers said the male muscle obsession only grew during the last few years . As the economy struggled , men were sent looking for aspects of their lives they could define and control . Body image is , at times , the only thing . "  Men ca n't control how much money they make or their employment situation , but they can control how they look . It can create this obsessiveness , " said Sarah Toland , senior health editor for Men 's Journal . James Mahalik , a psychology professor at Boston College , said some men develop powerful , physically intimidating bodies as a display of masculinity in face of threats . But becoming a father pushes some men to lead healthier lives -- and as a consequence , develop a healthier-looking body , too . "  One very important role for men , in terms of how they 're masculine , is their role as fathers , " Mahalik said . "  You can make health more salient to men and connect it to their sense of masculinity by appealing to fulfilling the role of being a father . " But in a world of changing ideals and rising obesity rates , what is it they 're all idealizing ? The new physical ideal Lately , big and bulky has been pushed to the wayside , and the swimmer 's physique reigns supreme , editors of men 's magazines and websites say . The male silhouette landing on magazine covers and action flicks is tall , lean , agile and fit . It 's a physique that 's more attainable for most men than the beefy-torso-and-chicken-leg look of the past . "  Our readers want the concept that this body is natural , " said Toland . "  A body that is inspired by nature , rather than machine , supplement or wealth to be able to buy you that body . " "  Our ideal male wants to look like he is healthy and confident , but not perfectly coiffed or manicured , " said Sandra Nygaard , senior fashion and grooming editor of Men 's Health . "  He wants to look well-maintained . "  That 's the real ideal : They want to look great , but they do n't want to look like they spend too much time on it -- but they know they need to spend time on it . " Nygaard points to actor Ryan Reynolds as an example of making the effortless look like an art form -- always the right amount of scruff and perfectly tousled hair , even if they use a beard trimmer to shave down scruff and pomade for the slept-in look . Actors like Ryan Gosling , Zac Efron and Justin Timberlake are constantly seen sporting tailored suits . Rather than the clothes themselves , it is the fit that displays the effort they put into their appearance , and this is showing up in the workplace as well . This is the result of what some call the " ` Mad Men ' revival " -- the return of pomade , polish and of the perfectly cut suit . It stays within the boundaries of masculinity while offering men the option of looking their best . "  Men are seeing grooming not as an extra , but an essential , " Nygaard said . Current trends might make topics like health and grooming more approachable for men while promoting a healthier ideal , but psychologists Mahalik and Addis do n't expect body image to become a big topic among guys . But Drew Manning has been hearing plenty about it . As he put on 70 pounds as part of his experiment , he said he often received e-mails from "  typical American men , " former high school and college athletes who stopped caring for their health and bodies after school or marriage . Manning said he believes they fell prey to the "  masculine marketing " of fast food and beer . "  At one point in their life , a majority of men were fit , whether it was in elementary school or high school , " he said , "  Then life gets busy . " He said he realizes now how obsessed he was with a physical ideal , and what it feels like to be so many pounds away from it ; Manning is still taking the weight off . His friends , family and wife understood he would n't be overweight forever . But he has gained empathy for his personal training clients , and a new understanding of strangers who stared at a man approaching 265 pounds . "  Maybe I was on the other side of it before , " Manning said . "  Maybe I was more judgmental before I went through this whole thing . "	The new male ideal does not reflect the typical American male A revival of standards is making men more comfortable with their appearance and masculinity The swimmer 's physique , a long , lean look , is becoming the new ideal
SAVANNAH , Georgia  CNN  -- Walt Peters knows what it 's like to fear for his life . He knows how it feels to board a plane , deploying for combat . He knows the feeling of making it home alive . Walt Peters is often among the last people soldiers see as they deploy and the first they see upon their return . That 's why the retired Vietnam veteran has stood outside at Hunter Army Airfield in Savannah , Georgia , for the past four years as a beacon of pride and support , welcoming home returning soldiers and wishing "  Godspeed " to those deploying . "  To me , if it was n't for our soldiers and our veterans , we would not have this beautiful country , " says Peters . "  These guys are our freedom . " Peters , 64 , has been one of the last people that about 20,000 soldiers so far have seen before boarding the plane for the war zone -- and one of the first seen upon return . No matter what time the soldiers ' flights are arriving or departing -- many take place in the middle of the night -- Peters is there to shake their hands and give them a token of support : a small American flag . Some of those flags , Peters says , have gone to Iraq and back . "  When they touch that flag , we 're giving them a piece of our country , saying , ` Thank you . ' " Peters is not the only volunteer showing his support at each flight . But he does all of this nearly blind . He says learned he had chemical diabetes nearly 10 years ago after he was exposed to Agent Orange during his Vietnam tours . He has lost almost all of his sight over the past few years , but that has n't depleted his dedication to the soldiers . "  When I went to Vietnam on my tours I 'd never had this . I had never had nobody say , ` We appreciate your service . We thank you for what you 're doing for our freedom , ' " Peters says . "  When they get on that plane , they 're gon na know that this old Vietnam vet cares . " Peters first became involved greeting flights through the Savannah Red Cross in 2004 when a friend from his fraternal Moose Lodge brought him to welcome a returning flight . Peters has since become a flight greeting leader , bringing in and training his own volunteers . His crew includes Moose members and Vietnam veterans . So many flights come in , Peters says , that it 's impossible to be present for all of them . He 's worked as many as three flights in one day , in a 26-hour period . Watch how Peters sends off and greets deploying and returning U.S. soldiers " Peters and his volunteers arrive two hours before a flight 's arrival or departure to set up their tables and brew coffee . He makes sure he walks around and talks with the troops when they come through for processing . "  I 'm a combat veteran ; the soldiers know I can relate to them , " Peters says . "  I tell them , ` It 's OK to be scared . You stay scared , you stay alive . ' " Peters also talks to the soldiers about the Adopt-A-Soldier program , asking them to fill out a card so a family can "  adopt " them and send care packages and necessities to them in Iraq or Afghanistan . Watch Peters and volunteers interacting with U.S. soldiers before their deployment to Iraq " Peters says the most important thing is to show the soldiers "  the support and the spirit that they need behind them as they step up to get on that plane . " "  Sometimes it breaks your heart because you ask yourself , ` Which one of these beautiful people is not coming home ? ' " But as long as there are soldiers deploying and returning , Peters says he 'll be there . Watch Peters talk about one of the highlights of his military career " "  I see the roots of our country and our future in every one of these soldiers , " he says .	Walt Peters welcomes soldiers home , wishes "  Godspeed " to those deploying The Vietnam veteran has greeted an estimated 20,000 soldiers since 2004 He says he lost sight as a result of chemical diabetes from Agent Orange exposure
Atlanta  CNN  -- Nearly 700 patients and 100 employees at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta have been exposed to tuberculosis after coming in contact with a hospital employee carrying the disease , a hospital spokesman said Thursday . The Georgia Department of Community Health and the hospital have identified 680 patients who were exposed to tuberculosis between November and February , said hospital spokesman Lance Skelly . Patients will begin getting tested for tuberculosis next week , Skelly said . To date , no patients or employees have reported symptoms of tuberculosis , he said . The hospital and the department began notifying people about the exposure this month , after an Emory employee was diagnosed in April with the infectious disease , he said . The employee did not know he had tuberculosis when he came in contact with employees and patients , the hospital said . The hospital took extra precautions by contacting patients who were in the hospital for 90 days before the day the employee is known to have developed the disease , Skelly said . "  That is a major reason the numbers are so much higher . " All hospital employees are screened for the disease and must receive screenings each year , it added . A hospital statement did not say whether the employee had been screened . About 11 million people in the United States are infected with latent tuberculosis , which is symptom-free and is not contagious . Of those , 5 to 10 percent go on to develop active tuberculosis , which can be spread to others through the air , such as through coughing or sneezing . It can be fatal if not properly treated . Symptoms of tuberculosis include chest pain , a bad cough  possibly with blood  , weakness and a fever . While tuberculosis usually impacts the lungs , the kidneys , brain and spine may also be affected . Both the number and rate of tuberculosis cases has been on the decline since 1993 , according to the Atlanta-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention The number of reported deaths nationwide dropped from 644 in 2006 to 544 in 2007 , the most recent year for which such data is available , the CDC said .	NEW : Number and rate of TB cases has been on the decline since 1993 , CDC says A hospital employee unknowingly exposed patients and staff to TB , the hospital says The exposure occurs between November and February TB can be fatal if not properly treated
CNN  -- A fire at a refinery in Washington state killed four people and injured three , a spokeswoman for a medical center said Friday . The company that owns the refinery , the Tesoro Corp. , earlier had announced three deaths from the fire . A fourth person , a 29-year-old woman , died from her injuries at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle , Washington , said medical center spokeswoman Susan Gregg-Hanson . Three others -- a 36-year-old woman , a 34-year-old man and a 41-year-old man -- remain in critical condition at the medical center with major burns , Gregg-Hanson said . None of the dead were identified . The fire at the Anacortes , Washington , refinery occurred shortly after midnight at the naphtha unit of the refinery while maintenance work was being performed , the Tesoro Corp. said . The fire was contained around 2 a.m. Friday and affected units have been shut down , Tesoro said on its Web site . CNN affiliate KCPQ reported that three workers were missing , and that a search was under way . The cause of the blaze was not immediately known . KCPQ said that people reported feeling an explosion as far as five miles away . "  This is a very sad time for our organization , " said Bruce Smith , Tesoro 's chairman , president and chief executive officer . "  Everyone in the Tesoro family appreciates the impact that this will have on the families involved , and we are responding quickly to ensure the safety for our employees , contractors and the neighboring community , " he said . Tesoro did not immediately return phone calls requesting further information . Tesoro Corp. is an independent refiner and marketer of petroleum products , according to its Web site . Through its subsidiaries , it operates seven refineries in the Western United States with a combined capacity of approximately 665,000 barrels per day . Anacortes is about 80 miles south of Vancouver , British Columbia .	Fire injures 3 at the Anacortes , Washington , refinery owned by Tesoro Corporation Cause of the blaze not immediately known Tesoro Corp. is refiner , marketer of petroleum products , says its Web site
CNN  -- It has been more than 65 years , but for 93-year-old Anthony Snetro , the image of a Japanese torpedo bomber closing in on him will never go away . Snetro still has vivid memories of the day his life flashed before his eyes . "  Our ship was starting to swing around , " Snetro softly recalls . "  All of a sudden , here comes a Jap torpedo bomber all aflame right at my eye level . I could have reached out and touched the wing . " Snetro joined the U.S. Navy in 1942 and was immediately assigned to serve aboard the USS Boston in the South Pacific . He hoped enlisting in the Navy would prevent his younger brother from being drafted . "  Let him stay home to help the family , " Snetro recalls . "  That 's why I joined the Navy , I was 25 years old . But finally near the end , they drafted him . He was wounded in Germany but made it home OK . " Snetro was a machinist in the Navy during World War II . Although he had experienced many terrifying moments during his four years in the service , nothing compared to that October night during the Battle of Formosa in 1944 . Up until now , the World War II veteran has shared the experience of that frightening night with only one other person , his son . "  Plainly , I saw the pilot and the gunner in there , " Snetro explains as his voice gets louder . "  The plane was afire . Good thing we were swinging . It just missed us and went along and crashed in the ocean and exploded . " Two other cruisers , the Canberra and the Houston , had already been aerial torpedoed the previous two nights . "  I know one thing , I was really scared there , " Snetro recalls , slowly shaking his head as his eyes grow wider . "  I could n't do anything . I was stupefied . I was frozen . " iReport and Facebook team up to honor veterans The four years that Snetro served were extremely stressful , he says . The heavy cruiser would be at sea for months at a time before finally pulling into port for supplies . When out at sea , there was always a concern , especially during war time . "  We never knew how close we came to being torpedoed , " Snetro says . "  The engine room was down below the water . You get hit with a torpedo and you 're done . " Snetro realized he needed something to help cope with the dangers of war . He decided to turn to a sport he had been playing since age 10 . "  We 'd get a few hours off on the beach , " Snetro says . "  We had equipment , softballs , bats , different things . A bunch of guys would get together and we 'd start a little game . It was just for fun . You got a little relaxed . " Playing ball helped him during the unnerving days of World War II and it has helped him ever since . Snetro hopes to continue playing ball for at least a couple more years . "  I enjoy playing ball . It makes me feel good . Seeing my age , I can still run around . " he says , smiling . "  I ca n't play like I used to , but I get a hit once in a while . " "  Baseball was something that you could keep playing . Just my luck , I came down here  Coral Gables , Florida  and they had a team and I 've been playing ever since . It 's been great ! Otherwise , I 'd be sitting at home in a rocking chair ! "	Anthony Snetro was a machinist in the Navy during World War II Snetro , 93 , is still haunted by the image of a Japanese torpedo bomber To cope with the stresses of war , Snetro turned to sports
CNN  -- On April 9 , 2010 , the sun-powered Solar Impulse HB-SIA aircraft took off from a runway in Paverne , Switzerland , on its maiden flight . Over the next 87 minutes it climbed to 1,200 meters , and undertook a series of tests and maneuvers to assess its reliability and performance , before returning test pilot Markus Scherdel safely to earth . But does this remarkable new aircraft really represent the future of clean , green aviation ? The team behind the flight aim to build a solar-powered plane capable of flying at night on stored energy that can circumnavigate the globe . To find out more , CNN.com spoke to Solar Impulse Chairman and initiator , Bertrand Piccard . CNN : How did you feel after the first test flight ? Piccard : The whole flight was an extremely intense moment , specifically the take-off . And when the plane touched the ground I felt an amazing sense of relief . We had the confirmation that the team who worked on this solar airplane for the last 7 years did an astounding job . This prototype is an amazingly complicated piece of engineering , with the wingspan of a jumbo jet , the weight of a car and the average power of a small motorcycle . CNN : How successful was it ? Piccard : The first indications from the engineers are that everything went perfectly well -- the climb performances were even higher than expected ! What is the next stage ? The objective of this first prototype is to demonstrate by this summer , the feasibility of a night flight propelled only by solar energy . Before that , we 'll do several additional test flights , each lasting a bit longer , until we complete the first complete day-night-day flight cycle . Then with the experience of this first aircraft we will start the design of a second airplane whose objectives will be to cross the Atlantic and then by 2013 , to fly around the world in five legs , each lasting five days . CNN : What is your ultimate vision for the project ? Piccard : With Solar Impulse we want to demonstrate what can be achieved today with renewable energy and technologies that allow energy savings . If an aircraft is able to fly day and night without fuel , propelled only by solar energy , no one will be allowed to claim anymore that it is impossible to use the same technologies for motor vehicles , heating and cooling systems or computers , etc. . This project voices our conviction that a pioneering spirit with political vision can together change society and reduce society 's dependence on fossil energies . CNN : Do you see it having commercial applications ? If so , what and when might we see them in use ? Piccard : We could see our technologies used for high altitude remote-controlled solar-powered telecommunication platforms . But for airliners , remember when Lindbergh made his Atlantic flight in 1927 ; he was alone in an airplane whose payload was used for gasoline and nobody could imagine that hundreds of passengers would cross the ocean a few years later . Today , Solar Impulse holds one pilot and 400kgs of batteries . CNN : What will happen in the future ? Piccard : I do n't know , but aviation will have to evolve to meet the challenges of environment and increasing fuel prices . CNN : How will solar-powered planes fly at night or in very bad weather ? Piccard : The 200 square meters of solar cells on the wing of the aircraft will allow the propellers to run during the day and reach an altitude of 27,000 feet . At the same time , the excess of energy will charge the 400 kg of batteries . At sunset , the airplane will slowly glide down to 10 000 ft and the energy stored in the batteries during the day , will be released to allow the aircraft to fly during the night . The batteries have to carry the airplane until the next sunrise ! Of course we need sun light during the day , and we have to avoid flying in bad weather , particularly because our gigantic wingspan and very light wing loading do n't accept big turbulences . CNN : How have big aerospace corporations responded to your project ? Piccard : The first one who immediately believed in my vision was Paul MaCready from Aero Environment . Then the support came from the EPFL  Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne  , Dassault Aviation , Solvay and Altran Technologies to launch the project . The feasibility study lead by André Borschberg illustrated that it would be extremely difficult , albeit feasible . The aircraft would need a gigantic wingspan and have to be exceptionally light . For the construction , we went to aircraft manufacturers with our requirements and they said it was impossible : hence we approached a boat manufacturer -- and as he did n't know it was impossible , he helped us . We had to assemble our own team and during 7 years we went through calculations , simulations , projections , design , construction and thousand of tests . Of course , the journey until the around the world tour is still long and filled with many challenges . However , today we have accomplished a successful maiden flight with the first prototype . CNN : The global aerospace industry is obviously vast and has much entrenched knowledge and technology ; do you think corporations will be open-minded and open to change ? Piccard : Undoubtedly , they will have to ! The price of fuel will progressively become unaffordable : it 's just a question of time . The industries will have to reduce their consumption by using energy savings technologies and switch to renewables . There are corporations that understood this and already now invest in clean tech . Those who do n't will go bankrupt , because they will have missed out on this new trend ! The question is , "  On which side do you want to be ? "	Maiden flight of Solar Impulse plane is first step towards solar night flying Initiator of project is aeronaut , Bertrand Piccard ; project has been going 7 years Aim is to build solar-powered plane to fly non-stop round the world
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy stormed to his second major title on Sunday as he won the PGA Championship by eight shots at Kiawah Island in South Carolina and returned to the top of the world golf rankings . The Northern Irishman played 27 holes after coming back to the Ocean Course early to complete his third round , after which he had built a three-shot lead . And , in similar fashion to his eight-shot victory at last year 's U.S. Open , the 23-year-old showed no nerves as he bounced back after struggling in the season 's first three majors . He has won his two majors at a younger age than Tiger Woods did . It was the biggest winning margin since the tournament changed to a strokeplay format in 1958 , eclipsing Jack Nicklaus ' seven-shot victory 32 years ago . McIlroy broke the streak of 16 different winners in the past 16 majors as he followed his third-round 67 with a six-under-par 66 , becoming the first player from his country to win the event . PGA Championship final leaderboard "  It was a great round of golf -- I am speechless , " he told reporters after becoming the fifth youngest player to win the PGA . "  The game-plan was just to play solid . I got off to a bit of a shaky start , but settled into it and I thought my putting today was phenomenal . "  I had a good feeling at the start , but I never imagined doing this . It means an awful lot to look at the names on that trophy and put mine alongside them . " His closest challenger was unheralded Englishman David Lynn , playing only his second major tournament nine years since his first at the British Open . The 38-year-old carded 68 for second outright on five-under 283 , having started the final round in a tie for 10th place . Defending champion Keegan Bradley of the U.S. closed with 68 to tie for third with Sweden 's Carl Petterson and Englishmen Justin Rose  66  and Ian Poulter  69  . Poulter had reached seven under in his final round but bogeyed three holes in a row to fall away in his bid for a first major crown . Petterson had led for the first half of a tournament was hit by heavy rain and thunderstorms , but faltered with a third-round 72 and received a two-shot penalty in his opening hole of the decider . Can Rory follow in Tiger 's footsteps ? He found a water hazard and was then ruled to have illegally moved a leaf while making the stroke , and again finished with a par round . Woods must continue his four-year wait for a 15th major title after finishing tied for 11th , closing with 74 and 72 . The American ended on 286 in a group including British Open runner-up Adam Scott of Australia , Masters champion Bubba Watson , 2010 U.S. Open champion Graeme McDowell and fellow former major winners Geoff Ogilvy and Ben Curtis . Former PGA champions John Daly and Padraig Harrington were tied for 19th , while previous world No. 1 Luke Donald was equal 32nd . Veteran Vijay Singh could not keep up his strong form of the first half of the tournament as the 49-year-old Fijian closed with 77 to tie for 36th along with 1995 winner Phil Mickelson 36th alongside Woods ' 2009 conqueror Y.E. Yang of South Korea . British Open champion Ernie Els tied for 48th after his second successive 73 .	World No. 3 Rory McIlroy wins PGA Championship by eight shots on Sunday Northern Irish golfer triumphs by same margin as his U.S. Open victory last year Unheralded Englishman David Lynn claims second place in only his second major Tiger Woods ties for 11th as his four-year wait for a 15th major title continues
CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy , which New York Mayor Bloomberg called "  a storm of unprecedented proportions , " will likely not set records for most costly or most deadly . Still , the mayor tweeted Tuesday that Sandy is "  maybe the worst #NYC has ever experienced . " The hurricane-turned-cyclone can claim several historical titles . Sandy 's strength , as indicated by barometric pressure just before landfall , set a record . The lower the pressure , the stronger the storm . When hurricane hunter aircraft measured its central pressure at 940 millibars -- 27.76 inches -- Monday afternoon , it was the lowest barometric reading ever recorded for an Atlantic storm to make landfall north of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina . The previous record holder was the 1938 "  Long Island Express " Hurricane , which dropped as low as 946 millibars . Sandy 's strength and angle of approach combined to produce a record storm surge of water into New York City . The surge level at Battery Park topped 13.88 feet at 9:24 p.m. Monday , surpassing the 10.02 feet record water level set by Hurricane Donna in 1960 . Sandy 's impact : State by state New York Harbor 's surf also reached a record level when a buoy measured a 32.5-foot wave Monday . That wave was 6.5 feet taller than a 25-foot wave churned up by Hurricane Irene in 2011 . As Sandy approached the Northeast , forecasters were fond of pointing out that if the hurricane were a country , the area it covered would make it the 20th largest in the world -- roughly twice the size of Texas . But with tropical-force winds reaching out 580 miles , Sandy still was just the second-largest Atlantic storm on record . Hurricane Olga , another late-in-the-year storm , set the record in 2001 , with tropical-force winds extending 600 miles , according to the National Hurricane Center . Transit systems struggling to restart Sandy 's power cut electricity service to a record number of people in the Northeastern United States , according to utility company numbers . There were 7.5 million businesses and households without electric power in 15 states and the District of Columbia by late Tuesday morning , according to numbers compiled by CNN from local power providers . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said 2.4 million households in his state were in the dark Tuesday , twice the number left powerless in Hurricane Irene 's wake last year . "  This is the largest storm-related outage in our history , " John Miksad , Con Edison senior vice president for electric operations , said in a company Twitter message Tuesday . Sandy changes lives forever It will take time before we know how expensive Sandy will prove , but early estimates would not make it the costliest on record . Eqecat , which provides loss estimates to the insurance industry , calculated Tuesday that the total cost of property damage and lost business could run between $ 10 billion to $ 20 billion . Another estimate , by Kinetic Analysis Corp. research director Chuck Watson , put the Sandy 's overall economic impact at $ 20 billion to $ 25 billion . Flood damage to New York 's subway tunnels and potential electrical system damage is a major wild card , Watson said . Is Sandy a taste of things to come ? Sandy is not expected to come near the $ 108 billion in damages the National Hurricane Center estimated was done to the Gulf Coast states by Katrina in 2005 . With new ways for people to experience and share the storm available , new measures of impact are rising . For example , the smartphone photo-sharing app Instagram registered a record number of image uploads Monday "  at a rate of nearly 10 each second -- with the hashtags #hurricanesandy , #sandy and #frankenstorm , " the company said . How to help CNN 's Sean Morris contributed to this report .	Sandy 's strength , indicated by barometric pressure , set a record for Northeast storms New York Harbor saw a record level 32.5-foot wave Sandy cut power to a record number of people in the Northeastern United States Sandy is not expected to come near Katrina 's record $ 108 billion in damages
Oceanside , New York  CNN  -- Deployed to a volatile outpost in southern Afghanistan where U.S. Marines routinely face a mix of skirmishes and hidden explosives , Greg Buckley Jr. sensed that an attack was imminent . And he knew that it would come from within . The 21-year-old Marine was posted to Garmsir in Helmand Province , where he was training local security forces as part of NATO 's planned withdrawal in 2014 . It was during a static-filled phone call to his father over the summer that the Long Island native mentioned a run-in he had with an Afghan trainee while on guard duty . NATO releases details of brazen raid on base in Afghanistan The encounter was the first in which the Buckley family 's eldest son seemed to sense something was wrong , according to what he told his family in phone conversations and a letter . "  The guy turned around and said to Greg , ` We do n't want you here . We do n't need you here , ' " his dad said . "  Greg turned around again and said , ` Why would you say that ? ' " according to Greg Buckley Sr. . But the trainee apparently would n't relent , repeating the phrases for hours over the course of a night in which the young Marine was on guard watch . "  Greg said , ' I thought I was going to lose my mind , ' " his father said . "  Pitch black out , and all he kept saying over and over again is , ` We do n't want you . We do n't need you . We do n't want you . ' " "  It was just tormenting for him . " The two men then finally confronted each other , yelling until a group of officers separated them , he told his father . "  One of his superiors came over and had Greg apologize to the guy , " said the elder Buckley . The 21-year-old agreed and extended his hand , but the man refused . About a month later , Greg phoned his father again . "  He told me if I have to stay here until November ... I 'm not going to come home . " Greg also asked his father to prepare to tell his mother and his two younger brothers that he 'd be killed . "  I do n't understand , " his father said . "  Out in the field ? ' "  No , in our base , " Greg replied . 4 NATO troops killed in ` insider ' attack in Afghanistan On August 10 , 2012 , Greg Buckley Jr. was gunned down by the very forces he had been training , just days after learning that he was to head home early . "  It was only two days he had left there in Afghanistan , " his father told CNN . The phenomenon is known as "  green-on-blue , " due to a color-coding system used by NATO . It has become disturbingly more frequent in Afghanistan , with more than 50 NATO troops killed this year by local forces , the first time that 's happened in a single year in the U.S.-led war . Last year , 35 people died in such insider attacks , and even less the year before , according to NATO figures . The killings have prompted suspensions of training new recruits while eroding the trust between NATO and its Afghan allies . The gunman involved in Greg 's death attacked from inside his outpost and killed two other fellow Marines , his dad said . But Greg Sr. said his son had informed his superior officers that "  one day they are going turn around and turn those weapons on us . " CNN can not independently confirm that Greg informed superior officers . Calls and emails to NATO 's International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan were not immediately returned . More than a decade after the war began , the Buckley family is now struggling to cope with the loss of its eldest son . More than 2,000 other U.S. service members have been killed in Operation Enduring Freedom . "  It 's not really day-by-day , " said Greg 's mother , Marina Buckley . "  It 's more minute-by-minute . " Back in Oceanside , the Buckley family on Friday attended the town 's first home football game , where their fallen son had intended to watch his youngest brother play varsity for the first time . "  Greg was supposed to be home for this game , " said Justin , 17 , who wore the number 30 on his back , Greg 's old basketball number . "  I would tell him I love him and I miss him . " The senior running back , who donned a camouflage jersey along with his team , broke to the outside on Friday for a 25-yard score that helped cement the Sailors ' improbable second-half comeback against top-ranked East Meadow . After crossing into the end zone , Justin raised his hand to salute -- honoring his fallen brother . NATO admits killing civilians in Afghan strike	Greg Buckley Jr. was gunned down by the forces he had been training "  He told me , if I have to stay here until November ... I 'm not going to come home , " his dad said The phenomenon is known as "  green-on-blue " and is disturbingly more frequent in Afghanistan Buckley warned superiors an insider attack could happen , his father says ; CNN could not confirm
CNN  -- For better or worse , Dylan Quick transformed his life on the campus of Lone Star College . Born deaf , he overcame intense shyness with a cochlear implant and learned to express himself by joining a teen book club at age 12 at the college library , according to a profile of him on a student blog . The library club became like a "  family " and "  second home " for him , the profile said . But he harbored a dark secret that played out eight years later after he enrolled as a student at the community college , authorities allege . Quick , 20 , is accused of a carrying out a bloody stabbing rampage Tuesday at Lone Star College 's CyFair campus near Houston , and on Wednesday , he was "  interacting well with investigators , " Harris County Sheriff Adrian Garcia told reporters . Forthcoming with information , Quick told police he had fantasies of stabbing people since he was 8 years old and that he had been planning Tuesday 's spree "  for some time , " Garcia said . The rampage resulted in injuries to 14 people . The weapon used in Tuesday 's stabbings is best described as a "  razor utility knife , " Garcia said . The crimes occurred on two floors at the school 's health science center , Garcia said . It 's unclear how many of the injured were stabbed and how many suffered other injuries . Three people injured in Tuesday 's Lone Star College stabbing were discharged from Memorial Hermann-Texas Medical Center in Houston on Wednesday , while two others remained there in good condition , said hospital spokeswoman Kathryn Klein . The campus shut down Tuesday , but reopened Wednesday . Authorities and the blog portrayed Quick as someone who triumphed over deafness -- with the help of the college 's teen book club -- and had big plans for the future . Those plans now seem upended . Quick was undergoing a psychological evaluation Wednesday , and his first court appearance is scheduled for Thursday in Houston , the Harris County District Attorney 's Office said . Quick has been charged with three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , said Donna Hawkins of the Harris County District Attorney 's Office . Overcoming obstacles Quick received the cochlear implant at age 7 , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . An article on how he overcame challenges early in life appeared on the Lone Star student blog the first week of April . The implant gave him the ability to hear , but he had to play catchup to learn how to speak vocally . His mother home-schooled him and got him involved in Lone Star 's library programs when he was a teen , according to KPRC . Quick became a voracious reader and developed a close connection with the school , the affiliate said . He rarely spoke during his first two years in the library 's teen activities program , including two monthly book club sessions devoted to classics and contemporary books , and weekly summer book groups . "  But after those two years it was if a floodgate had opened up and Dylan became loquacious , sharing his analyses of literature and socializing with his book club comrades , " the blog article says . The blog features photos of the red-haired Quick at the library , including one at age 14 wearing an "  AC/DC Back In Black " T-shirt with his arm around his red-haired mother . A more recent photo shows Quick with a mustache and petite goatee . "  His room at home , he explains , barely contains his 1,000 + collection of books . In the future he plans to build and host an online international book club to connect people of all ages from around the world , " the profile says . The teen book club on campus encourages youths to enroll in the community college after high school graduation , and Quick did . Some faculty members said Quick was a good student there , Lone Star College-CyFair President Audre Levy told reporters Wednesday . Also , staff members at the county library branch on campus , where Quick worked part-time for about a year , "  had fond things to say of him , " Levy said . "  So many are surprised " that he was the suspect , she said . Quick was planning to finish his associate 's degree at the college and then transfer to the University of Houston to study accounting . But Quick had also been harboring his darker dream , police said . Authorities : The rampage was premeditated "  According to the statement the suspect voluntarily gave investigators , he has had fantasies of stabbing people to death since he was in elementary school , " a statement from the Harris County Sheriff 's Office said . Witnesses to the stabbings described a chaotic scene : Bleeding victims collapsed to the ground . Students and teachers ran for cover . Some sprang into action , chasing after the assailant and helping the wounded . Cassie Foe was in the school 's nursing lab when she heard a scream in the hallway . Moments later , the nursing student put her training into action , placing pressure on a wound in a stabbing victim 's neck . "  It just seemed like he was just going around , basically getting whoever was more open and easiest for him to reach , " Foe told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday . Steven Maida said he saw so many people swarming that he thought it was a campus tour . Then , he saw them running and heard someone say , "  My friend 's been stabbed . " Maida said he saw blood on a stairway and several injured victims . "  I just took off downstairs running , " he said . He was looking for the attacker . Maida described joining a group of students who chased the suspect , tackled him and pinned him down until authorities arrived . "  I could n't run the other way like everyone else was , " he said . A bloody spree Sheriff 's Deputy Thomas Gilliland said authorities received an initial report that the suspect had been wrestled to the ground by a student before campus police arrested him . At least one injured victim had what appeared to be the blade of a box cutter or an X-Acto knife sticking out of her cheek , student Melody Vinton told CNN affiliate KHOU . Vinton said she had just left her chemistry class when she saw the attacker stabbing people , aiming at their necks and faces . Soon , she was trying to help victims , ripping a paper towel dispenser off a bathroom wall to get enough paper to help stem the bleeding . "  I turned around , and there was just blood . Just blood dripping down the stairs , all over the floor , all over everyone 's towels on their necks . Just a lot of blood , " she told KHOU . Four injured victims "  were taken out on helicopters , " Harris County sheriff 's spokesman Alan Bernstein said . Tuesday 's incident came more than two months after three people were wounded in a shooting at a different Lone Star College campus -- the North Harris campus in Houston . CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Joe Sutton , Jason Morris , Dave Alsup , Chandler Friedman , Greg Botelho , Paul Caron , Chuck Johnston , Ashley Fantz and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : Student blog says "  it was if a floodgate had opened " as suspect overcomes shyness Born deaf , suspect learned to express himself at a teen book club on campus Dylan Quick is forthcoming with information , police say Quick is to undergo a psychological evaluation , the Harris County DA says
CNN  -- I took care of AIDS patients from 1981 to 1998 in a county clinic in Atlanta . By the time they showed up at the door , many of them had advanced disease . Most died within two years . Before they died , they suffered from untold painful physical conditions in addition to the unique brand of pain caused by the the pervasive social stigma of AIDS . Without effective treatment of HIV , a physician could n't offer much more than supportive care . Then , in 1995 , a "  cocktail " of three anti-retroviral drugs proved to be successful in fighting the virus -- not completely killing it , but reducing its numbers so its devastation of the immune system was minimized . The treatment worked like a miracle . Patients got better and very quickly . Seeing the transformation of patients from close to death 's door to living healthy lives was one of the most rewarding experiences I 've had as a physician . But the patients are n't cured . They must take drugs for their lifetime . Neither a cure for HIV nor a vaccine to prevent HIV has yet been developed . Now , an HIV-infected baby who was treated with a combination of drugs from birth to 18 months and then not treated for a year was found to be free of HIV infection at 30 months . The child is considered cured . This is the second reported HIV cure in history and the first in a child , and it is rightly making international news . We can all share the joy of a child cured and hope the treatment will bring a better life for infected babies in the future . Kudos to the clinician , Dr. Hannah B. Gay , whose expertise , instincts and treatment of the infant led to this remarkable outcome . But there was another great advance against the HIV virus that did not make big headlines . A simple treatment with anti-retroviral drugs can prevent babies from being infected by their HIV positive mothers in the first place . Of course , a patient cure is much more visible than an infection prevented . Maybe that is why we celebrate cure in a way that we do not celebrate prevention . Toddler 's HIV cure offers global hope Until the mid-1990s , pregnant women with HIV infection had a 30 % chance of transmitting the infection to their newborn . A landmark study showed that treating HIV-positive pregnant women during their labor and delivery with intravenous zidovudine , or AZT , and then giving the infant AZT syrup orally for four to six weeks reduced the risk of HIV transmission to less than 2 % . Successful prevention means the baby is free of HIV infection and will no longer need treatment . We should also celebrate those babies who were not infected with HIV by virtue of treatment of mother and newborn with this drug regimen . Kudos to the thousands of clinicians who have treated HIV-infected pregnant mothers and their offspring . How do we know the treatment was effective ? We know only by the data meticulously collected by the Centers for Disease Control and Protection since AIDS was first recognized in 1981 . HIV transmission from mother to child during pregnancy , labor and delivery or breastfeeding is known as perinatal transmission . In 2012 , the CDC reported that the combined mother/infant HIV treatment regimen resulted in a decline of perinatal transmission by more than 90 % since the beginning of the HIV/AIDS epidemic . AIDS in the '90s : ' I was n't going to die miserably ' This incredible reduction was accomplished despite the fact that more women with HIV infection were giving birth . How far we have come . Women with health care do not have a problem being tested for HIV . The problem lies with women who do n't have health care and have not been tested . In 2005 , the CDC recommended that if a women arrives in labor in the emergency room and has not had prenatal care , a rapid , 20-minute test for HIV should be done so preventive treatment can be started immediately . Despite the existence of this treatment , babies are still born infected with HIV in the United States and worldwide . Prevention strategies are rarely perfect . That is why we need to have a Plan B for babies with HIV infection -- and the findings of Gay and her colleagues might be just that . The potential impact of this discovery will be far greater in developing countries -- especially in Africa , where thousands of HIV-infected babies are born each year . Of course , what we desperately need to control HIV is a safe and effective vaccine for both infants and adults . Until then , let us celebrate each success . Each one gives hope that we will eventually conquer one of the most formidable of viruses . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Guinan .	Mary Guinan one of the first to investigate AIDS , treated patients from 1981-1998 She has seen the progress of AIDS as a death sentence to people living with HIV Guinan : Baby cured of HIV infection is great news , but infant did n't have to be infected She says anti-retroviral drugs can easily prevent transmission from mother to child
CNN  -- A Royal Wedding : The Marriage of William and Catherine . CNN will provide extensive live coverage of the royal wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton to its global audiences across TV , online and on mobile . A special live program will be presented by Piers Morgan , Richard Quest , Anderson Cooper , Kiran Chetry and special contributor Cat Deeley on CNN/U . S. and CNN International . Watch as the guests arrive at London 's Westminster Abbey , where the couple will be married before traveling along the parade route to Buckingham Palace . Our coverage begins at 4 a.m. ET , 9 a.m. London , 4 p.m. Hong Kong . If you are not in front of a TV , you can watch the event live on CNN.com . Within the live video player you can also be part of the debate on Facebook and iReport . And if you miss it first time , do n't worry , we will be repeating the whole event on CNN.com throughout Friday . You will also be able to watch live via the CNN apps for iPhone and iPod touch , iPad and Android . The actual wedding ceremony in London 's Westminster Abbey beings at the following times : 3 a.m. in Los Angeles 6 a.m. in New York 10 a.m. GMT 11 a.m. in London 12 noon in Paris 2 p.m. in Abu Dhabi , UAE 6 p.m. in Hong Kong 8 p.m. in Sydney Watch live coverage of the wedding on CNN/U . S. and CNN International : _______________________________________ CNN Presents : The Women Who Would Be Queen A prince looking for love . A commoner destined to be queen . One family hoping to get it right this time around . All haunted by memories of a fairytale turned tragedy . A young girl thrust into the international spotlight , her world under a microscope , her life in danger . Will this time be different ? Anchor and special correspondent Soledad O'Brien looks at the life of Catherine Middleton , the woman who will someday become Queen of the United Kingdom . Featured in the documentary are Jules Knight , close friend of the couple from the origins of their fairytale romance during their university days at St. Andrews , and Arthur Edwards , longtime royal photographer , who has chronicled the princes ' entire lives during his 30-year career at England 's The Sun newspaper . Edwards has captured the princes ' childhoods , how they 've coped with the tragic loss of their mother , and their transition into manhood . The documentary also explores the ways in which the future King and Queen have honored the life and legacy of Diana , Princess of Wales . On CNN/U . S. Saturday , April 30 CNN/U . S. programming schedule On CNN International Saturday , April 30 and Sunday , May 1 CNN International TV schedule Missed an episode ? Watch online . _______________________________________	Watch the marriage of Prince William to Kate Middleton live on CNN and CNN International TV You can also see the wedding live on CNN.com , while joining the debate on Facebook and iReport The event will also be streamed on CNN apps for iPhone , iPad and Android Look out for "  CNN Presents : The Woman who would be Queen , " a revealing look at Kate Middleton 's fairytale romance hosted by Soledad O'Brien
