CNN  -- A lone blonde woman , wrapped in nothing but a sarong , leads four camels and a little dog across one of the most uninhabitable environments on Earth . Startlingly beautiful , with skin roasted a deep chestnut from the desert sun , the petite 26-year-old in flimsy leather sandals appears the unlikeliest adventurer for a nine-month expedition across the Australian outback . Appearances can be deceiving . In 1977 , Robyn Davidson trekked 2,700 kilometers from Alice Springs to the Indian Ocean , armed with little more than a map and a rifle , in a landscape which had destroyed many a hardened explorer before her . Adventurers are often asked why they push themselves to the human body 's limits . "  It 's only in hindsight that there 's any psychologizing of it , " Davidson tells me in between bites of her croissant , at a trendy inner-city London cafÃ © on a humid spring morning . "  At the time it just seemed like a perfectly sensible , good thing to do . Above all else , it was pleasurable . " And in an age of instant communication , where you are never far from a text message , tweet or Facebook post , perhaps Davidson has a lesson for us all . "  I disappeared but I 've never felt so alive , " she says in her soft Australian accent . Making Tracks It 's no coincidence these punishing red plains are nicknamed the country 's "  dead heart . " A place where temperatures can exceed a scorching 120F and the nearest town is often hundreds of kilometers away . The Aboriginals called Davidson the "  desert woman , " and her epic journey caught the attention of National Geographic photographer Rick Smolan -- who became both her documenter and lover . His intimate images of the intrepid young woman -- tenderly feeding her camels , or swimming in a rare watering hole -- helped make it one of the most popular photo essays in the magazine 's history . It plunged the girl who grew up on a cattle station in remote Queensland into the international spotlight -- her outback odyssey became the toast of New York . Davidson 's book detailing the marathon mission , called "  Tracks , " has since sold over one million copies , bringing to life the beauty and brutality of a landscape mysterious to many outside Australia -- and indeed to the majority of people living in the country 's coastal cities . The book has now been turned into a feature film , with actor Mia Wasikowska possessing an unnerving resemblance to the real-life desert woman . A literary life Wearing a crisp white shirt , Davidson 's broad face remains unmarked by a lifetime in the sun . At 63-years-old , she is still as quietly striking as those images of a fair-haired girl on camel-back staring fiercely into the camera three decades ago . How do you follow an expedition of such epic proportions ? In her late 20s , Davidson moved to a shoe factory in London 's East End , of all places . She fell in with a literary circle that included housemate and celebrated author Doris Lessing , and boyfriend-of-three-years Salman Rushdie . A nomad at heart , Davidson lived across the world , shifting like the sands of her impressive landscapes . Now she 's back in the UK capital to write her memoirs -- about as far away as you can get from her extreme pilgrimages , including two years traveling with nomads in north-west India in the 1990s . Pleasure and pain "  Why not ? " has become Davidson 's enduring response to why she ventured into Australia 's great unknown in the 1970s an era before . Where other people might see a vast expanse of arid nothingness , Davidson saw the desert as a "  limitless garden , " a place "  teeming with life . " It was a desert she traversed without GPS trackers and high-tech camping kit . Learning bush skills from the aboriginal communities she met along the way , Davidson ate witchetty grubs -- which to the easily-queasy might resemble enormous maggots . She quickly learned not to trust her maps in this unchartered landscape , and instead followed animal tracks towards water . Not bad for the girl who police initially would n't register a rifle to , because they thought they 'd have to go chasing after her when she got lost . Real-life romance Even Smolan -- the 27-year-old photographer who spent three months with Davidson at intermittent points throughout the journey -- was convinced that each time he looked back at her in his rear view mirror , it would be the last . "  There were herds of wilds animals , crazy people out there , " he says over the phone , the sound of traffic blaring in the background of his native New York . "  Her camels could have thrown her , she could have broken a leg , she could have gotten lost . It 's the kind of place where if you take the wrong road , after three weeks you come to a fence and find you 're out of water . " Much is made in the film of the pair 's romantic coupling , but in the searing heat it was a relationship tempered by more complex emotions -- some still raw for Smolan . "  I was resistant to Rick because I felt I 'd sold out to National Geographic , " says Davidson , who never intended to write about her personal pilgrimage at all . "  He 's a sweetie , but hopeless in the desert . But when you are forced to deal with somebody , you either kill them or you learn tolerance . And we 're still very good friends so ... I think it forged a very deep friendship actually . " Smolan has a different take : "  It was much more of a romance -- at least on my side -- then it was in the movie . " "  I was pretty smitten and you can see that in the photographs , " he says of the "  intense and fascinating woman who did n't want me there . " "  She had no idea how beautiful she was . Several times I developed my pictures and brought them out to show her , thinking I could win her over -- because most women like it when you show them how beautiful they are . And I remember being really stunned that the more beautiful my pictures where of her , the more she hated them . "  She just said : ` I 'm not some god dammed model out here . " Four-legged family Was Davidson 's real adoration for her faithful dog Diggity and four camels , a type of ramshackle circus family inching across the desert together ? "  The love story of the movie is much more between her and the dog , than her and me , " says Smolan , chuckling good-naturedly . "  This little dog was like her protector . If there were snakes , if there were intruders ... Diggity had her back . " But why camels ? "  They 're the perfect form of transport , " explains Davidson matter-of-factly in her book . "  One sees little by car , and horses would never survive the hardships of desert crossings . " This was not about conquering nature , she says , bristling at the suggestion . Instead , Davidson wanted to meld into the environment , her skin slowly turning the same reddish brown as the ancient lands she walked . "  Maybe for men it 's a longing to conquer something . They conquer the mountain , they conquer something in themselves . I never felt that way . For me it was more of a merging into , entering into , becoming part of . " Tough love She 'd see other travelers "  hurtling through the desert in a four-wheel drive , with two-wave radios , and iceboxes , and think -- why bother ? " "  My procedure across that desert was about getting rid of stuff -- both physically and metaphorically . " Did that include the memory of her mother 's suicide when she was 11-years-old , as suggested in the film ? Davidson sighs , and you get the feeling it 's a diagnosis she 's heard many times before . "  It kind of seems to say that for a woman to have done anything extraordinary , she has to be a bit strange , or have something to work out , or there has to be some sort of dark thing in her past . "  I do n't think my mother 's death had much to do with it at all , frankly . " Myth and memory These days , where even NASA astronauts can tweet every step of their missions to millions across the world , Davidson 's slow and deeply personal journey feels all the more rare -- and mysterious . "  It 's a tale with mythical elements , " she says , her gray eyes revealing the only hint of sun damage on her serene face . "  If you think of all the enduring stories in the world , they 're of journeys . Whether it 's Don Quixote or Ulysses , there 's always this sense of a quest -- of a person going away to be tested , and coming back . " How lucky we are she did . Inspire : Nat Geo female photojournalists perfect shot Quiz : Women writers who turned pages of history	Remarkable woman who crossed Aussie outback on camel Book "  Tracks " became bestseller and now a feature film Nat Geo photographer and lover documented epic trip Journey took nine months , with searing 120F heat
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- One small slice Monday of Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's war on drug cartels : two shootouts on the streets of two cities ; a man and a woman ambushed in their car ; at least four people dead ; three soldiers wounded , one of them gravely . Suspected members of Los Zetas drug cartel are presented to reporters in Mexico City in April . The confrontations between unidentified gunmen and Mexican army and federal police took place in the communities of San Nicolas de los Garza and Escobedo , near the U.S. border in the Mexican state of Nuevo Leon , the state-run Notimex news agency said . One of the firefights lasted 45 minutes . At one point , the suspects launched hand grenades at the soldiers . House-to-house searches took two hours and it would be another seven hours before the areas were secured . According to Notimex and news reports from the newspapers Excelsior , El Porvenir , El Nuevo Leon and El Norte , here 's what happened : Around 6 a.m. , a military convoy came across a group armed men in several late-model vehicles in San Nicolas de los Garza . Shooting broke out , and the gunplay continued for 45 minutes along several neighboring streets as the suspects tried to get away . The armed men abandoned their cars , blocked one of the streets with a Suburban truck and fled aboard several other vehicles . The confrontation continued for another two hours as soldiers sealed off a city block and searched house-to-house . "  From early on , we could hear the shots and much shouting , " Excelsior and El Nuevo Leon quoted an unidentified woman as saying . "  We could hear footsteps on the roofs and soldiers yelling to them . There were several explosions ; it seems like grenades went off , because we could hear it very loudly twice . " Around 7:45 a.m. , the soldiers entered a house where the gunmen had holed up . A grenade went off upstairs . Three gunmen died there , though officials did not say if it was from bullet wounds or the grenade explosion . At the same time , Mexican military and federal police were involved in a shootout with armed men in Escobedo . That confrontation left three soldiers wounded , with one of them clinging to life Monday afternoon . Also nearby , a man and a woman riding in car were ambushed at an intersection by armed men in several cars who surrounded them and drilled their auto with bullets . The woman died on the scene , her body sprawled on the street . The man was wounded but survived . The violent scene in Nuevo Leon , which borders Texas , has become a near-daily experience in Mexico since Calderon took office in December 2006 and launched a war on drug cartels . More than 11,000 people have been killed during that time -- about 1,000 of them police and other authorities .	Two shootouts in two cities near U.S. border in Mexican state of Nuevo Leon San Nicolas de los Garza and Escobedo are cities Shootouts leave 4 dead , 3 wounded
CANNES , France  CNN  -- As award-winning Iranian film-maker Bahman Ghobadi walked down the Cannes red carpet for the premiere of his new feature Thursday , the real star of the show was conspicuously absent . Iranian filmmaker Bahman Ghobadi , director of "  No One Knows About Persian Cats , " which was co-written by Roxana Saberi . American-Iranian journalist Roxana Saberi , credited as co-writer and executive producer of the faux-documentary "  No One Knows about Persian Cats , " was still in Iran , having been released from jail only days earlier . The woman Ghobadi describes as his fiancée was freed from prison last Monday after being jailed on espionage charges following a one-day trial that was closed to the public . She had served three and a half months , not all time served , of her eight year sentence and at one point was on hunger strike . "  For four months , she was in prison . For me , four months is like four years , " Ghobadi told CNN . "  In there , what did they do with her ? How did she live in there ? " "  I could n't understand why the government sent her to prison , " he continued . "  She is like an angel . She is really so clean . I believe her . For example , if you ask me about my mum and her , I believe her first . " After much to-ing and fro-ing by the Iranian authorities , Ghobadi says he could n't believe it when he found out Saberi had finally been freed , before the end of her sentence . "  When -LSB- I found out -RSB- she was free ... I could n't understand , " the 40 year-old director told CNN . He said it felt as if the the authorities were playing games with himself and other supporters of Saberi as they gave different timescales for her release -- "  two weeks , four years , eight years . " But just after the pair were reunited Ghobadi -- who won Cannes ' first-time film-maker award the Camera d'Or in 2000 with "  A Time For Drunken Horses " -- had to leave for the French film festival . "  Persian Cats , " which chronicles the hardships facing young rock musicians as they seek to evade censorship from the authorities , had been selected to play in the Un Certain Regard slot . Although Saberi was unable to be with Ghobadi on the red carpet , Ghobadi says she have kept in close telephone contact since her release , checking on how the film has been received . Ghobadi himself has already suffered at the hands of the Iranian authorities . His 2008 film "  Half Moon " was banned and says he was left feeling depressed and suicidal after spending three years unsuccessfully trying to get permission from the Iranian authorities for another previous film . He thought about leaving Iran because he felt unable to work and cites Saberi as the inspiration behind "  Persian Cats , " which was filmed in Tehran . Shot illegally in just 17 days using a small , cheap digital camera -- the state owns all 35mm equipment in Iran , according to film industry trade magazine , Screen International -- the faux-documentary chronicles the hardships facing two young musicians who are trying to put together a band . The story which combines comedy and tragedy to great dramatic effect showcases music and performances from real musicians who are part of the Tehran underground music scene . It is estimated that there are 2,000 illegal bands in Tehran , all practising and performing in a hidden world of hand-built recording studios in basements and rooftops around the city . Ghobadi says that he feels some responsibility for Saberi 's time in prison because she stayed in Iran to help him with "  Persian Cats : " "  She wanted to go back to the U.S. -LSB- She -RSB- just stay for me and for my film and help for this film and give me the idea for the music . " Ghobadi wrote an open letter in April this year calling for Saberi 's release when she was jailed after initially being arrested buying a bottle of wine , describing her as being caught in a "  game of politics . " "  My Iranian girl with Japanese eyes and an American ID , is in jail . Shame on me ! Shame on us ! " he wrote of Saberi , who has a Japanese mother , in the letter . Saberi was jailed on January 31 this year , tried on April 13 and sentenced on April 18 to eight years . Her appeal was on May 10 and she was freed the next day . Now , Ghobadi says , he is planning to go to New York this week to be with Saberi , who is currently staying in Vienna with her family . They both plan to write books and then , maybe , do another film together . Ghobadi says he wants to start a family and get married to Saberi as soon as they can . But first they will take a few weeks to process everything that has happened : "  We need the time , " he says .	Iranian filmmaker Bahman Ghobadi talks about his film 's co-writer Roxana Saberi American journalist Saberi was recently released from jail in Iran after three months Ghobadi says he feels responsible for her time in jail and that they will marry soon "  No One Knows about Persian Cats " chronicles underground musicians in Tehran
Lowe 's has pulled its advertising from the reality TV show "  All-American Muslim , " which the retail store called a "  lightning rod . " "  All-American Muslim " is an eight-part series that follows five Muslim families living in Dearborn , Michigan . "  Lowe 's has received a significant amount of communication on this program , from every perspective possible . Individuals and groups have strong political and societal views on this topic , and this program became a lightning rod for many of those views . As a result we did pull our advertising on this program , " the company said in a statement Saturday . "  We believe it is best to respectfully defer to communities , individuals and groups to discuss and consider such issues of importance . " The conservative Florida Family Association , which is pushing advertisers to drop "  All-American Muslim , " cheered Lowe 's decision . The group called the TLC show "  propaganda that riskily hides the Islamic agenda 's clear and present danger to American liberties and traditional values . " But the company 's decision was decried by the Council on American-Islamic Relations  CAIR  and at least one of the show 's cast members . Both CAIR and Shadia Amen-McDermott , who is featured on the show , posted links on their Facebook pages to a petition , calling on advertisers to continue their support . Late Saturday night , the petition had some 2,300 signatures . "  This is NOT about standing up for All-American Muslim - This is about Standing Up Against Bigotry and Hatred in this Country Founded on Peace , Justice , and Equality . Let 's Stand United against Bigotry , " Amen-McDermott wrote .	"  All-American Muslim " follows five Muslim families in Michigan Lowe 's says the show has become a "  lightning rod " The company 's decision is decried by CAIR and a cast member
CNN  -- A University of Connecticut professor is under investigation for alleged sexual misconduct and child molestation dating back decades and involving several men , authorities say . In a search warrant request issued in June , five men accuse Robert Miller , 66 , a professor in UConn 's music department who 's been on the faculty since 1982 , of sexually abusing them when they were between the ages of 10 and 13 . Miller is on paid administrative leave , though no charges have been filed . "  Allegations involving crimes against children are both profoundly disturbing and heartbreaking , " UConn President Susan Herbst said in a statement posted on the university 's website . "  Although these allegations , which have been made public , appear to be unrelated to UConn , the university continues to do all it can to assist law enforcement . " In the warrant request , the men say Miller abused four of them at his home in 1992 , when he worked as a camp counselor , and one of them in the late 1960s and early 1970s , when Miller was a teacher in Fairfax County , Virginia . The request was filed in Rockville Superior Court . Miller 's UConn faculty profile says he was the director of volunteer programs for the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp in Ashford , Connecticut , from 1989 to 1992 . The camp was founded in 1988 by actor Paul Newman for children with cancer , hemophilia , HIV/AIDS and other serious illnesses , the camp 's website says . The camp removed Miller from his position in 1992 when it was made aware of an incident involving the alleged victims , according to the warrant request . "  When the current investigation began several months ago , it was unclear whether the matter was reported to the appropriate authorities at that time , " Ryan Thompson , senior development officer at the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp , said in a prepared statement . "  Therefore , the Camp immediately made a report to the Connecticut Department of Children and Families and has continued to cooperate fully with authorities . " The investigation was launched earlier this year , according to the search warrant request , after UConn officials received word from one of the alleged victims that Miller was "  a pedophile . " University police notified Connecticut state police of the allegation , and the investigation was opened in March . The statute of limitations has expired for the alleged crimes committed in Connecticut , according to the search warrant request . The statute has not passed for the alleged crimes committed in Virginia , and Connecticut state police say they are seeking evidence regarding those incidents . Herbst added that the university is investigating "  unsubstantiated " reports regarding Miller and UConn students . Miller did not answer calls at his residence or office Tuesday . Lt. Paul Vance , a Connecticut State Police spokesman , says his agency can not comment on an open investigation .	Four men say Robert Miller abused them when he was a camp counselor in 1992 Another says he abused him in the late 1960s and early 1970s The music professor is on paid administrative leave ; no charges have been filed UConn chief : "  Unsubstantiated " reports about Miller and UConn students are being investigated
Washington  CNN  -- Emerging from a closed meeting with the heads of foreign militaries , President Obama told reporters the effort to dismantle the terror group ISIS "  is going to be a long-term campaign . " "  There will be days of progress and there are going to be periods of setback , " he said , adding that an influx of fighters from outside the region joining ISIS makes it a threat beyond the Middle East and into the U.S. Defense chiefs from 22 nations fighting ISIS met all day at a secure facility to discuss the current military operations and "  the way ahead ' according to a senior U.S. military official . The full coalition will be needed , according to Obama . "  We are going to have to pay attention to how all the countries in the region begin to cooperate in rooting out this cancer and we are going to have to continue on delivering the humanitarian assistance of all the populations that have been affected . " The meeting Tuesday was chaired by General Martin Dempsey , U.S. chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , along with General Lloyd Austin , commanding general of the U.S. Central Command which is largely running the operations in both Iraq and Syria . President Obama attended for a portion near the end of the day at Joint Base Andrews just outside Washington , DC . Iraqi military officials were expected to attend . Syrian opposition members were not invited because the meeting is for "  sovereign nations " only , the official said . Classified discussions are expected to take place on the current operations . There was expected , however , to be some discussion of arming and training moderate Syrian opposition forces . ISIS militants march on despite airstrikes , international outrage It was not expected that the coalition defense chiefs would discuss some significant change in strategy , the official said before the meetings got underway . "  This meeting is to share our vision , discuss coordination and our common understanding of the way ahead . " The defense chiefs are not policymakers , so any significant changes in the mission would require a decision by governments on a political level . This is the fourth such meeting of coalition partners , but the largest gathering to date . Similar meetings have been held in recent months in Jordan , Paris and Bonn . The military operation against ISIS now does have a name but the Pentagon is not expected to reveal it until later this week , a U.S. military official confirms to CNN . The name will not be made public until a formal ` execution order ' covering the entire mission against ISIS is published by the Defense Department 's Joint Staff perhaps as soon as Wednesday . Naming the operation is a fairly bureaucratic matter , but it is typically done in large scale or significant military operations as a means of providing a mechanism for everything from budgeting of funds to awarding of medals . The execution order will spell out these details , as well as potential command arrangements , and a formal military definition of the mission . Related : Pentagon to release ISIS codename	Defense chiefs from 22 nations met at air base outside Washington President Obama joined the group for the private meeting
Whilst the energy grids we rely on to provide us with cheap and reliable electricity may have been fit for purpose in the 20th century , it is now abundantly clear that the design of 21st century energy networks will have to be very different . In Europe , the foundations for a secure , flexible and more energy efficient future are already being laid . The SmartGrids project will transform how electricity is supplied in Europe . Instead of centralized power generation , new suppliers will be linked up providing new trading opportunities for businesses and homeowners . Traditional carbon-based power generators are far from efficient . They waste well over half their energy in heat and contribute over a third to total greenhouse emissions . It is now widely accepted that continuing to rely so heavily on such polluting systems would not only spark environmental catastrophe but also economic collapse . With an aging electricity grid , a drive to lower carbon emissions by 2020 and burgeoning new markets in renewable energy , the time was right for Europe 's leaders to set about trying to find another way . The result is SmartGrids -- one of many projects set up under the European Union 's European Technology Platform  ETP  . Combining the expertise of industry , NGO 's , scientists and regulators , SmartGrids is proposing a fundamental shift away from traditional energy supply models . Work on the vision of the project started in 2005 and was followed up by the Strategic Research Agenda  SRA  in 2007 . This summer will see the publication of the Strategic Deployment Document  SDD  which will take the project a step closer to realization . Duncan Botting , Vice-Chairman of the SmartGrids Advisory Council is currently co-editing the SDD . He spoke to CNN about how the SmartGrids will differ from the old networks and the challenge of replacing the electricity grid across 27 EU states without any loss of power . "  The grids built in the 1950s and 1960s were designed for power to effectively be poured in at the top -- big central generation . This power then went through transmissions systems and then smaller wires for distribution to the home , " Botting told CNN . Instead of energy just being pumped one-way down wires and into homes , SmartGrids envisions a two-way flow of electricity , where customers -- big and small -- not only receive energy but also generate it themselves and , when necessary , make it available to the grid . It 's hard enough trying to create a reliable system that is able to manage this complex interaction between power generators . But when you throw in the complication of 27 member states , each with their own networks , all at different levels of maturity you start to realize the scale of the task at hand . "  It takes up to 40 years to completely replace a grid , " Botting said . "  In order to get this right we need to change things at the right pace . We 're not changing the grid like for like but with smarter more intelligent bits of kit . " An example of this is the automated regional active network management system -- Aura-NMS for short . A collaborative project between engineering company ABB -- where Botting heads up technology and business development -- EDF Energy , Scottish Power and seven leading UK universities . "  Aura-NMS is trying to take a slightly different view of life , " Botting said . "  If you go back 50 years we used to have local control centers around the networks , with people there telling us what and where a problem was . Aura-NMS is trying to mimic this but also enable microgrids which can be maintained in their own right , away from the main grid . " Botting wishes to stress that this is a very simplified explanation , but , in a nutshell , the idea is to change from what he describes as a ` passive ' network -- one designed to cope with a peak load -- to an ` active ' network which balances multiple power generation with demand , resulting in vastly improved energy efficiency . The push towards more intelligent electricity grids is a global phenomenon . The United States is currently researching an Intelligrid and Botting recently visited Taiwan for an international symposium on the issue . Jeremy Rifkin , President of the Foundation on Economic Trends , is a big supporter of SmartGrids and believes that new inter-connected power grids mark the beginning of what he describes as the ` Third Industrial Revolution ' . The first European SmartGrids are still a way off . But how does Botting think you and I might experience the system come 2050 . "  The idea , " Botting explains , "  would be that instead of having a meter in your house , you would now have a smart gateway which would be programmable . " He sites scenarios where consumers might , for example , want to sell some surplus energy from their house back to the grid . "  The ability to trade will be automated , " says Botting . "  You choose what you want to do . "  At the other end of the stream , wind farm generators for example , instead of being told that they are generating too much energy because the grid can not cope , there will be an arbitration which goes on automatically to maximize their throughput and maybe back off using a high carbon energy source . " Botting is well placed to offer a balanced assessment of the tasks that lie ahead . He combines a business role -- soon to take up a new post as Managing Director at ITI Energy -- with academic duties -- he is a visiting professor at both Imperial College , London and Strathclyde University in Glasgow . "  The business case for a government is different to that of a CEO . We are trying to make sure that the right things are in there for each of those audiences , " he said . He admits that nobody would be considering SmartGrids in usual economic terms , but climate change has changed the game . And he 's convinced that advances in renewable energy technology -- a key aspect of the SmartGrids vision -- will keep pace with the project . "  You ca n't limit your imagination by what you have today , " he said . "  If we are going to get security of supply with low carbon and renewable resources you then have to start looking at how they will be delivered to the end user . What are the economics if you do n't do it ? Well , you might not have a business , or the lights might go out . " Watch Jeremy Rifkin explain about how energy grids of the future will work here .	The EU hopes SmartGrids will transform Europe 's electricity network in 21st century New network will span 27 European countries aiming to achieve ` active ' energy Vice-Chair of SmartGrids Advisory Council predicts an automated trading of energy
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian security forces stormed two sit-ins orchestrated by supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy early Wednesday , bulldozing tents and escorting away hundreds of protesters , CNN correspondents say . At a makeshift hospital , CNN 's Reza Sayah described walking through the blood of the injured . "  We have witnessed scores of injured brought on stretchers before us . Many of them were in bad shape . It looked like many of them had been shot , " he said . "  I have personally never seen this much bloodshed in what , according to what we 've seen over the past six weeks , had been a peaceful demonstration . " Egypt 's interim government and Morsy 's Muslim Brotherhood are reporting scores of people have been killed in what 's being dubbed the country 's bloodiest day since the 2011 revolution . CNN correspondents described bloody scenes as security forces clash with Morsy supporters . "  I think what we 're seeing right now is just the beginning of what is promising to be a very , very long and bloody battle as the interim government and the security forces try to regain control of the streets , " CNN 's Arwa Damon reported . The Egypt raid : At a glance Arriving earlier at one of the entrances to the Rabaa al-Adawiya Square encampment , Sayah said the scene resembled "  a war zone . " Thick plumes of black smoke were rising through the air from where it was understood security forces had entered the area and pro-Morsy supporters were facing off against those forces , he said . Protesters were breaking bricks and gunfire could be heard , while tear gas was filling the air . "  Up above there are military helicopters and this is just an all-out fight and I think this is what a lot of people were concerned about -- this kind of violent scene , " he said . "  There 's heavy tear gas being used . A lot of people are emotional , we 've seen women cry , we 've seen people appear to lose consciousness because of the tear gas and now we just wait to see what happens . "  This is going to be an incredibly difficult demonstration to clear out . Not like  the Nahda camp  that was cleared out earlier today by security forces -- this is a much larger sit-in . " As Sayah spoke to CNN , he described protesters barricading the street where his television crew had arrived and where fighting had broken out . It was unclear whether the clash had involved security forces or residents opposed to the sit-in , he said . "  That 's not unusual for residents who are against the Muslim Brotherhood -- against the former president -- to get in on these fights . " The protesters appeared to be surrounded on all sides , he said . "  This is the most intense gunfire that I 've personally heard during these clashes over the past six weeks . Clearly some of it automatic weapons , some of it sounds like it 's coming from rooftops . "  I have n't seen any weapons on this side -- I have n't seen any protesters firing weapons but they are breaking bricks , throwing rocks -- it 's not clear what they 're throwing at . But there 's a lot of chaos here . " Two hours later , Sayah said the outcome of the gunfight had been "  incredibly bloody . " "  Over the hours we 've seen one body after another pass through to a makeshift clinic . " Egypt explained : 6 key questions On the other side of the square , Damon said riot police had been firing tear gas "  as groups of pro-Morsy demonstrators tried to break through police lines to join the encampment . " Military units could be seen behind the riot police , she said . "  At least four ambulances passed through the police lines on their way toward the site of the sit-in . Two members of the security forces could be seen being put into the ambulances . " Damon and her team later moved to another entrance to the square after experiencing some hostility . "  There were a few individuals in the crowd who were very anti-Western , anti-American , getting very aggressive toward the CNN team . "  Other individuals in the crowd were helping us to pull back from that situation , " she said . Damon and her team later came under fire while she was reporting live on CNN . Three other journalists were later reported shot , two fatally , while covering the unrest . One of those killed was Mick Deane , a former CNN cameraman who had been working for Sky News for the past 15 years . In the chaos of the raids , it has been impossible for CNN to verify the claims and counterclaims of protester casualties . State TV reported that at least 149 people had been killed and more than 1,400 wounded . The Muslim Brotherhood said earlier that 200 Morsy supporters were killed and more than 8,000 were injured . But the party has given exaggerated figures in the past , only to revise them later .	Egyptian security forces stormed two pro-Morsy sit-ins early Wednesday morning The government and Muslim Brotherhood said scores of people had been killed CNN 's Reza Sayah said it was the most bloodshed he 'd seen over the past six weeks At one point , CNN 's Arwa Damon came under fire while reporting from the scene
CNN  -- The search for a U.S. man who allegedly abducted his two young sons last week focused Monday on Cuba , with a Florida sheriff 's department saying it had received information that the man , his wife and sons had arrived in the island nation , possibly by sailboat . A State Department official in Washington told CNN that the U.S. Interest Section in Havana "  is aware of this case and is in contact with local authorities to get more information . " The official would not comment further , citing "  privacy considerations . " Authorities believe the father , Joshua Michael Hakken of Louisiana , abducted his sons Chase , 2 , and Cole , 4 , early Wednesday after breaking into the Florida home of the children 's grandmother and tying her up . In Havana , Lynn Roche , an official with the U.S. Interest Section , said section officials could n't discuss any case of an American who has n't signed a privacy act waiver . And an official with Cuba 's foreign ministry said Monday evening that his agency was unaware of the case and had not received any requests for help from U.S. officials . The boys had been removed from the care of Hakken and his wife , Sharyn Patricia Hakken , last year , and on Tuesday , the couple 's parental rights were terminated in Louisiana , investigators say . The abduction report triggered an Amber Alert for the children , but there were no reported sightings . Joshua Hakken , described as an anti-government protester , was believed to be armed , according to the Hillsborough County sheriff 's office in Tampa , the site of last week 's alleged abduction . Investigators believed his wife was with him . On Monday , the sheriff 's department released a statement saying it had "  received information that the Hakken family had arrived in Cuba . " The brief statement did not offer any specifics about the information but added , "  We are currently working with the Federal Bureau of Investigation who is in contact with the U.S. State Department to verify this information . " That followed a statement Friday from the same department saying it had obtained information that Joshua Hakken recently bought a 25-foot sailboat . There is no extradition treaty between Cuba and the United States , although there have been recent cases in which Americans sought for crimes in the United States and discovered in Havana have been sent back by the Cubans . The FBI currently estimates there are around 70 fugitives from U.S. justice in Cuba , which is one of the reasons Cuba remains on the U.S. list of countries that support state terrorism . Most of the American fugitives in Cuba have been there for decades and have ties to revolutionary movements or radical groups . On Thursday , the police department in Slidell , Louisiana , issued its own statement offering background on the Hakkens and why the boys were taken from the parents last year . In June of 2012 , Slidell police responded to a disturbance report at a hotel where Joshua and Sharyn Hakken were staying with their sons , the police statement said . "  When police arrived , both Mr. and Mrs. Hakken were acting in a bizarre manner that alarmed officers . They were talking about ` completing their ultimate journey ' and were traveling across the country to ` take a journey to the Armageddon , ' " the Slidell police statement said , adding , "  Let it be noted that both of their children were present in the hotel room at the time . " Because of the parents ' behavior and "  the fact that narcotics and weapons were located inside of the hotel room , " the children were taken by child welfare officers , and Joshua Hakken was arrested on drug charges , the statement said . "  Approximately two weeks later , Slidell Police were notified that Mr. Hakken had shown up to the foster family home ... with a firearm demanding the return of his children , " the Slidell police statement continued . "  The foster parents called 911 , and Mr. Hakken fled without his children . We have heard nothing until  Wednesday  . " At some point over the past few months , the children were sent to Tampa to live with their grandmother , Patricia Hauser , the mother of Sharyn Hakken . "  Somehow they found out where the kids were , " said Detective Larry McKinnon of the Hillsborough County sheriff 's office . Sheriff 's investigators say Joshua Hakken entered Hauser 's home at 6:30 a.m. Wednesday . She told police that he tied her up and fled with the children in her silver 2009 Toyota Camry . That vehicle was found later that day just a couple of blocks away from the home . Those investigators told CNN they believe Joshua Hakken joined up with his wife , who was waiting in their pickup truck , and the family drove to a parking garage . A short time later , investigators said , Hakken is believed to have taken a sailboat out of a private slip in nearby Madeira Beach . Surveillance images showed the boat sailing into the Gulf of Mexico about three and a half hours after the boys disappeared from their grandmother 's home , investigators said , adding that the photos showed adults and children aboard . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann in Havana , Rich Phillips and Kim Segal in Miami , Elise Labott and Emily Schultze in Washington , and Dave Alsup and Joe Sutton in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Authorities believe Joshua Hakken abducted his two small sons last week The boys were taken from their parents by child welfare officials in Louisiana last year Louisiana police recount an incident with parents acting "  in a bizarre manner " A Florida sheriff 's office says it has information the family is in Cuba
CNN  -- Rick Warren -- the man at the center of an inaugural firestorm -- has built his career on an uncontroversial reputation . President-elect Barack Obama has chosen Rick Warren to deliver the invocation at his inauguration . The irony of the furor over Warren 's selection to deliver the invocation at Barack Obama 's inaugural ceremony is that the California minister first drew notice for his determination to expand the evangelical agenda beyond hot-button social issues like opposition to same-sex marriage . Warren has been described as the next Billy Graham , an evangelical leader with a moderate reputation and mass-market appeal -- although instead of massive open-air rallies and an out-sized television presence , Warren focused on forging partnerships with unlikely allies working to protect the environment and fight AIDS . As a pioneer of the mega-church movement , Warren looked to translate traditional evangelical messages for a wider audience . He penned "  The Purpose-Driven Life , " a spiritually based self-help guide that brought mainstream best-seller status to a muted religious message . In his model , everyday concerns were a top priority : Attendees at his Saddleback Church -- now more than 20,000 strong -- could expect free classes on home finance , or assistance with child care needs . Warren urged ministers to adopt a Madison Avenue approach : to super-charge the growth of congregations by fine-tuning their pitch for the "  un-churched . " He released bullet-point sermons with crossover potential , along with material to help churchgoers follow along . The church atmosphere he called for was a relaxed one , with dressed-down ministers leading services in nontraditional venues , featuring easy-listening music chosen with younger listeners in mind . But even as Warren 's nonpartisan appeal led to increasingly high-profile roles -- like host of this summer 's presidential faith forum , featuring Sens. Obama and John McCain -- controversy grew over his conservative stands on social issues . The headlines may be new , but Warren 's positions are n't . During the last election cycle , he sent thousands of pastors an e-mail laying out what he viewed as non-negotiable issues for evangelicals deciding on their pick at the polls , from stem-cell research and abortion to same-sex marriage . On Wednesday , after Obama announced Warren as his choice , prominent liberal groups and gay rights proponents criticized the selection . Some said the choice signaled that Obama is not interested in advancing gay rights or protecting abortion rights . iReport.com : What do you think of the choice ? Joe Solmonese , president of the Human Rights Campaign , said Wednesday that he feels a "  deep level of disrespect " because of the choice of Warren and is calling on Obama to reconsider the move . Read more about the criticism of Obama 's choice On Thursday , Obama defended his decision to tap Warren . "  And I would note that a couple of years ago , I was invited to Rick Warren 's church to speak , despite his awareness that I held views that were entirely contrary to his when it came to gay and lesbian rights , when it came to issues like abortion . ... "  And that dialogue , I think , is part of what my campaign 's been all about : That we 're not going to agree on every single issue , but what we have to do is to be able to create an atmosphere ... where we can disagree without being disagreeable and then focus on those things that we hold in common as Americans . " But progressive commentators said Warren is a symbol of division . "  When Obama advances a progressive agenda on social issues , as he 's certain to do , Warren will continue to speak out on the other side , " wrote the Washington Monthly 's Steve Benen . "  Only now , he 'll do so with the added authority that comes with being the president 's hand-chosen pastor for the inauguration 's invocation . Warren 's status will soar , and his criticism of Obama 's policies -- or Democrats ' in general -- will resonate that much louder . " Warren himself is working to contain the fallout from his support for California 's Proposition 8 . In an interview set to air this week , he denied that his stand against same-sex marriage meant he was homophobic . "  Of course not . I have always treated them with respect , " he said . "  When they come and wan na talk to me , I talk to 'em . When the protesters came , we served them water and doughnuts . "	Pastor Rick Warren first drew notice for trying to expand past hot-button issues Warren looked to translate traditional evangelical messages for a wider audience President-elect Barack Obama chose Warren to deliver invocation at inauguration Gay , abortion rights activists angry about Obama 's choice
Washington  CNN  -- You probably recognize Sen. Rob Portman from his tireless campaigning for Mitt Romney in 2012 . He was even on the short list to be Romney 's running mate . He 's been a leading Republican voice on economic issues for four decades . Now , the prominent Ohio conservative will be known for something else : reversing his hardline position against gay marriage . He invited CNN to his Senate office to reveal the news . "  I 'm announcing today a change of heart on an issue that a lot of people feel strongly about that has to do with gay couples ' opportunity to marry , " Portman told CNN . Portman stirs mixed reaction with same-sex marriage reversal It has to do with another revelation , one deeply personal . His 21-year-old son , Will , is gay . "  I 've come to the conclusion that for me , personally , I think this is something that we should allow people to do , to get married , and to have the joy and stability of marriage that I 've had for over 26 years . That I want all of my children to have , including our son , who is gay , " said Portman . Will Portman told his father and mother he is gay two years ago , when he was a freshman at Yale University . "  My son came to Jane , my wife , and I , told us that he was gay , and that it was not a choice , and that it 's just part of who he is , and that 's who he 'd been that way for as long as he could remember , " said Portman . What was the Republican senator 's reaction ? "  Love . Support , " responded Portman . The president and the nation have evolved on same-sex marriage And complete surprise . He told CNN that he never suspected that his son was gay . Portman says his son , now a junior in college , helped him work through his decision to announce his change in position on gay marriage and blessed the idea of publicly announcing Will Portman 's sexuality . "  I think he 's happy and , you know , proud that we 've come to this point , but he let it be my decision just as you know , it 's going to be his decision as to the role he plays going forward in this whole issue , " said Portman . Until now , this was a secret to most people in politics , but not everyone . Last year , when Romney was vetting Portman to be his running mate , the Ohio Republican informed both Romney and his top campaign advisers that he has a gay son . Activists hail watershed moment in the gay rights movement "  I told Mitt Romney everything , " said Portman with a laugh . "  That process is , intrusive would be one way to put it . But , no , yeah , I told him everything . " Portman , who was ultimately passed over as the GOP vice-presidential candidate in favor of Rep. Paul Ryan , said the fact that his son is gay was not the deal breaker for Romney . How does he know ? "  Well , because they told me , " said Portman . Portman told CNN he sought counsel from a Republican who did serve as vice president : Dick Cheney , the highest-ranking Republican with an openly gay child , his daughter Mary . 5 turning points in gay marriage debate "  I spoke to him personally ; I actually met with him , " said Portman . He said Cheney 's advice was simple : " ` Follow your heart . ' " "  He was a good person to talk to because he also was surprised by the news , in that case , you know , his wonderful daughter , who he loves very much . And it forced him to re-think the issue too , and over time , he changed his view on it , " said Portman . "  I followed his advice . You know , I followed my heart , " he said . Though he is a staunch conservative , Portman was never outspoken against gay marriage . But he consistently voted against it . Top Republicans sign brief supporting same-sex marriage While in Congress , he supported a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage , voted for the Defense of Marriage Act and voted for a bill prohibiting gay couples in Washington from adopting . In 2011 , 100 University of Michigan law school graduates walked out of Portman 's commencement address to protest his position on gay rights after circulating a petition trying to get him removed as the event 's speaker . "  The decision to host a graduation speaker who is openly hostile to LGBT rights is deeply unfair to the LGBT students who will be in the audience this year celebrating their graduation , " read the petition . Portman admitted that when the protest occurred , he already knew his own son was gay . "  It was a little odd . Look , and to be honest with you , it did n't affect that decision-making much , because it was , I did n't think it was appropriate , " Portman said . "  But look , they had their freedom of speech rights to be able to do what they wanted to do . " Will Portman ` especially proud ' of father "  But you know , what happened to me is really personal . I mean , I had n't thought a lot about this issue . Again , my focus has been on other issues over my public policy career , " said Portman . Asked about why he is announcing this change of heart , since his son revealed it to him two years ago , Portman cited two reasons . He just recently became comfortable with his decision to shift his position on gay marriage , and also he said he knew the Supreme Court is considering a pair of gay marriage cases , and reporters would likely ask him for his position . "  I thought it was the right time to let folks know where I stand so there 's no confusion , so I would be clear about it , " said Portman . What would Portman say to gay constituents who may be glad he 's changing his position on gay marriage , but also wondering why it took having a gay son to come around to supporting their rights ? "  Well , I would say that , you know , I 've had a change of heart based on a personal experience . That 's certainly true , " he responded with a shoulder shrug . Obama on same-sex marriage : Everyone is equal But he also repeated a reality . His policy focus has been almost exclusively on economic issues . "  Now it 's different , you know . I had n't expected to be in this position . But I do think , you know , having spent a lot of time thinking about it and working through this issue personally that , you know , this is where I am , for reasons that are consistent with my political philosophy , including family values , including being a conservative who believes the family is a building block of society , so I 'm comfortable there now . " To be sure , Portman was anything but comfortable discussing something as private and personal as his son 's sexuality , even noting how foreign it felt for someone with his Midwestern upbringing and sensibilities to talk publicly about such issues . At times , the press-savvy politician even seemed to tremble a bit . But it was also clear he was willing to endure the discussion in order to publicly tell his son that he is proud . "  He wanted to tell us that there 's something about him that we did n't know , " Portman said , reflecting on the day two years ago his son Will first told his parents he was gay . Portman quickly added that it "  of course has n't changed our view of him at all . " Read the latest news on CNN.com Do you have a close friend or family member who has come out of the closet ? Did it change the way you think about same-sex marriage or gay men , lesbians or bisexuals in general ? Did coming out change your relationship with someone you care about ? Share your personal stories in the comments below , or you can post a longer essay at CNN iReport .	Ohio conservative Sen. Rob Portman is changing his stance on gay marriage A driving force in his decision was his son , who revealed to him that he is gay The Republican senator has voted against same-sex marriage many times
CNN  -- A former Wal-Mart employee who suffered severe brain damage in a traffic accident wo n't have to pay back the company for the cost of her medical care , Wal-Mart told the family Tuesday . Debbie Shank , 52 , has severe brain damage after a traffic accident in May 2000 . "  Occasionally , others help us step back and look at a situation in a different way . This is one of those times , " Wal-Mart Executive Vice President Pat Curran said in a letter . "  We have all been moved by Ms. Shank 's extraordinary situation . " Eight years ago , Debbie Shank was stocking shelves for the retail giant and signed up for Wal-Mart 's health and benefits plan . After a tractor-trailer slammed into her minivan , the 52-year-old mother of three lost much of her short-term memory and was confined to a wheelchair . She now lives in a nursing home . She also lost her 18-year-old son , Jeremy , who was killed shortly after arriving in Iraq . When Debbie Shank asks family members how her son is doing and they remind her that he 's dead , she weeps as if hearing the news for the first time . Wal-Mart 's health care plan lets the retail giant recoup the cost of its expenses if an employee collects damages in a lawsuit . And Wal-Mart set out to do just that after Shank and her husband , Jim , won $ 1 million after suing the trucking company involved in the wreck . After legal fees , the couple received $ 417,000 . Wal-Mart sued the Shanks to recoup $ 470,000 it paid for her medical care . However , a court ruled that the company could only recoup about $ 275,000 -- the amount that was left in a trust fund for her care . The Shanks appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court , but the court declined in March to hear the case . CNN told the couple 's story last week , prompting thousands of angry blog responses and at least two online petitions to boycott the company . On Tuesday , Wal-Mart said in a letter to Jim Shank that it is modifying its health care plan to allow "  more discretion " in individual cases . Watch Wal-Mart reverse its decision " "  We wanted you to know that Wal-Mart will not seek any reimbursement for the money already spent on Ms. Shank 's care , and we will work with you to ensure the remaining amounts in the trust can be used for her ongoing care , " Curran said . "  We are sorry for any additional stress this uncertainty has placed on you and your family . " Wal-Mart 's reversal came as shock to Shank . "  I thought it was an April Fool 's joke , " he told CNN . "  I  would  just like to let them know that they did the right thing . I just wish it had n't taken so long , " Shank said . "  But I thank them and I hope they come through with all that they said they 're going to do . E-mail to a friend	Wal-Mart sued Debbie Shank to recoup $ 470,000 it paid for her medical care Shank appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court , but the court would not hear the case On Tuesday , Wal-Mart said it is modifying its health care plan
The Thai army declared martial law throughout the country Tuesday in a surprise move that an aide to the embattled Prime Minister said the government did n't know about beforehand . "  They took this action unilaterally . The government is having a special meeting regarding this . We have to watch and see if the army chief honors his declaration of impartiality , " the aide said , describing the situation as "  half a coup d'etat . " Lt. Gen. Nipat Thonglek told CNN the move was not a coup . "  The Army aims to maintain peace , order and public safety for all groups and all parties , " a ticker running on the army 's television channel said . "  People are urged not to panic , and can carry on their business as usual . Declaring martial law is not a coup d'etat . " Martial law went into effect at 3 a.m. on Tuesday , the ticker said . All Thai TV stations are being guarded by the military , Thai public television announced , showing pictures of soldiers and armored vehicles taking positions outside broadcast facilities in the country 's capital . In a statement read on Thai television , the military declared that all of the country 's radio and television stations must suspend their normal programs "  when it is needed . " The dramatic announcements come days after the head of the army issued a stern warning after political violence had surged in the country 's capital . Political tensions have been running high in Thailand . Supporters and opponents of the country 's government have staged mass protests in recent days , and earlier this month a top court removed caretaker Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra from office , along with nine cabinet ministers . It 's too soon to tell whether the military 's declaration of martial law will ease tensions or heighten them , analysts said . Thitinan Pongsudhirak , a political science professor , described the situation as "  very volatile . " "  This is a precarious time now for the army , " he said . "  They have to be even-handed . " If the military appears to be favoring one side , he said , violence could escalate rather than cool down . "  If it 's seen as favoring one side or the other side , then we could see more violence and turmoil against the military , " he said . Paul Quaglia , director at Bangkok-based risk assessment firm PQA Associates , described the situation as "  martial law light . " "  Right now the military has deployed troops around key intersections of the city . Traffic is a real mess here at the moment , but there 's no violence , " he said . "  I think what the military is trying to do with this ... is to convince protesters to go home . They 're trying to dial down the tensions here as well as preempt several large rallies and strikes that were scheduled for later this week . " But what happens next will depend on how protesters react , he said . "  The military is taking a step by step , gentle approach to see if they can get things to improve , " Quaglia said . "  If not , they 'll of course have to ratchet up their actions . " Nipat said the precise restrictions of martial law were being worked out . The government 's "  red shirt " support base , many of whom hail from the country 's rural north and northeast , view Yingluck 's ouster as a "  judicial coup " and have been protesting what they consider an unfair bias by many of the country 's institutions against their side . Anti-government protesters are seeking a new government -- but not through elections , which the opposition Democrat Party has boycotted , arguing the alleged corruption of their political rivals makes widespread reform necessary before any meaningful vote can be held . Increased government efforts to improve security are a positive step , Quaglia said . "  That being said , martial law will not solve the political problems that continue to haunt this country , " he said . "  The differences are stark , and I do n't think the military can step in and by force fix the political issues . "	Analyst : Military is trying to convince protesters to go home , "  dial down the tensions " Government aide calls the situation "  half a coup d'etat , " says military 's action was unilateral Thailand 's Army has declared martial law but stresses the move is not a coup Professor : The situation is "  very volatile "
CNN  Some of the men and women of the Indianapolis police force are giving up their blues . Beginning Friday , blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department  IMPD  . In a statement , the department said the change is being made as part of its constant effort to ensure "  accountability , professionalism and transparency ... at the forefront of our day-to-day activities . " As police departments around the country see more protests over the use of lethal force , IMPD officials acknowledge that this is a time of "  increased scrutiny of police operations and tactics , " but said the decision to change the uniform for certain ranks within the department is "  not related to any specific , individual incident occurring elsewhere in the United States . " Although it 's not a total uniform makeover , police officials said the white shirts will make command-level staff immediately identifiable to those who do n't recognize the rank badges on officers ' collars , the statement said . The new color will be worn by majors , district commanders , deputy chiefs , assistant chiefs and the chief of police . "  Command staff personnel have the responsibility of publicly leading from the front , while being accessible to the members of the general public they serve , " the statement said . "  Those wearing white uniform shirts can and should be viewed as the final point of contact to the police department . " Some studies have shown that while any police uniform is usually perceived by the public as a sign of authority , lighter-colored uniforms may give a sense of goodness and safety .	Beginning Friday , some ranks of the Indianapolis police department will wear white shirts Police say the change in attire is not related to any specific incident The new uniform shirt color is aimed at ensuring accountability
CNN  -- The Obama administration pushed forward Sunday on a new path toward military action in Syria , urging Congress to support the president 's call . Tests found signatures of sarin gas in blood and hair samples collected from the Damascus site of an alleged chemical weapons attack , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday on CNN 's State of the Union . The samples were collected separately from a United Nations investigation into the August 21 attack and provide further proof that the Syrian regime attacked its own people , Kerry said . With "  each day that goes by , this case is even stronger , " he said , arguing that the United States must act . "  If you do n't do it , you send a message of impunity , " Kerry said . Iran , North Korea , and Hezbollah "  will look at the United States and say ` Nothing means anything ' -- that 's what 's at stake here , " he said . Syria denies using chemical weapons on its people and blames the rebels . Kerry called the evidence "  overwhelming " Sunday , and the Arab League issued a statement blaming the Syrian government for the attack . But the United Nations argued that world leaders should wait until U.N. investigators determine whether chemical weapons were used . ` Red line ' debate : Are chemical weapons worse ? "  The U.N. mission is uniquely capable of establishing in an impartial and credible manner the facts of any use of chemical weapons , " Martin Nesirky , spokesman for Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , said repeatedly at a news conference . So when will the results be ready ? The U.N. wo n't give a timeline , Nesirky said . "  It 's being done as fast as it is possible to do within the scientific constraints . " Samples will be delivered to laboratories Monday , he said . The investigation involves a strict chain of custody and clear guidelines , he said , adding that two Syrian government officials monitored the process . But even when it 's done , the U.N. will only say whether chemical weapons were used -- not who was responsible . Obama 's last-minute Syria switch U.S. military action appeared imminent until Saturday , when Obama announced he would first seek lawmakers ' approval . Obama made a last-minute decision Friday evening to seek congressional authorization before any military action , senior administration officials told reporters . "  While I believe I have the authority to carry out this military action without specific congressional authorization , I know that the country will be stronger if we take this course , and our actions will be even more effective , " Obama said Saturday . The 1973 War Powers Act technically allows him to strike without such approval . Lawmakers officially come back from recess on September 9 . But some members of Congress arrived on Capitol Hill Sunday for a classified briefing on Syria with White House , State Department and Pentagon officials . Many of them said they remained skeptical and undecided about how to respond to the August 21 purported chemical weapons attack that U.S. officials have said killed more than 1,000 people in Syrian rebel strongholds . "  There was a great deal of skepticism in the room about the utility , effectiveness and support that we would have for the kind of strike that the president has proposed , " said Rep. Jim Himes , D-Connecticut . "  There 's not a lot of skepticism , frankly , about whether or not this was an attack carried out by the Syrian regime . While nobody would say that it 's been proven , the vast bulk of the evidence suggests that this was an attack carried out by the Assad regime . " Sen. John McCain told CBS ' "  Face the Nation " that Obama had invited him to a Monday meeting at the White House to discuss the next steps in Syria . McCain , who has been pushing for military intervention in Syria , said he had questions for the president . "  I want to find out whether there is a plan and a strategy . I want to find out whether this is just a pinprick that somehow Bashar Assad can trumpet that he defeated the United States of America , " McCain told CNN . "  But I will say that if Congress overrules a decision of the president of the United States on an issue of national security , that could set a catastrophic precedent in the future . It would be a very dangerous precedent to be setting . " Obama 's last-minute decision Global debate surges over Syria At a meeting in Cairo Sunday , Arab League foreign ministers condemned the chemical weapons attack , urging the international community to take action and calling for the prosecution of those responsible . "  The Syrian regime bears full responsibility for the use of chemical weapons  in  this heinous crime , " foreign ministers from the regional organization said in a statement , according to the state-run Saudi Press Agency . "  The council also called for providing the required forms of support for the Syrian people to defend themselves and the need for concerted Arab and international efforts to help them , " the statement said . Arab League Secretary General Nabil el-Araby said in a Twitter post that the league was calling for the United Nations Security Council to "  assume its responsibility and take all the deterrent and needed measures against this crime and all crimes of genocide " in Syria . But the statements Sunday did not directly refer to the United States , and it 's unclear how much international support the U.S. government would have if it chooses to strike Syria . At the Arab League meeting , Saudi Arabia called for international action , but Egypt said it was opposed to foreign intervention in the Syrian crisis . Britain has voted against taking any military action in Syria , and France said it wo n't act without the United States as a partner . German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle tweeted Sunday that the time gained waiting for U.S. congressional approval "  must be used to reach a common position of the international community within the U.N. Security Council . " Amid the debate over whether to strike Syria , U.S. authorities are tightening domestic security measures . The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security are warning of a higher risk of cyberattacks after months of disruptions by hackers known as the Syrian Electronic Army , and authorities say more attacks are likely . Opposition : Obama gave false hope The shift to ask for approval from Congress left some analysts scratching their heads . "  The decision-making has been so confused and muddled that it 's difficult to put the word ` wise ' in front of anything they 're doing right now , " CNN 's Fareed Zakaria said on Sunday . "  The administration has hesitated between nonintervention and intervention , and it is caught between those two . " The Obama administration , Zakaria said , "  seems to want to have it both ways , but it ca n't . " Others praised the president for taking a step to get more buy-in at home and abroad . "  Frankly , I think he looks prudent , and I do n't doubt his resolve on this , " John Negroponte , who served as director of national intelligence for two years under President George W. Bush , told CNN 's State of the Union . "  I do n't think he 's looking for an excuse to get out from a box or a situation that he painted himself into . " While some praised the president for giving Congress a chance to weigh in , a key group of Syrian dissidents said it was surprised and concerned by Obama 's new approach . "  We ca n't understand how you can promise to help those who are being slaughtered every day in the hundreds , giving them false hope , then change your mind and say let 's wait and see , " the Syrian National Coalition said . Iran , a staunch supporter of the Syrian regime , warned the United States will pay a price if it strikes Syria . Syria reacts The Syrian government has denied that it used chemical weapons in the August 21 attack , saying that jihadists fighting with the rebels used them in an effort to turn global sentiments against the regime . Maria Saadeh , a member of Syria 's parliament , told CNN on Sunday that she sees no justification for a U.S. strike on Syria . "  There is no legitimacy to make this attack , " she said , accusing rebel groups of using chemical weapons and committing other crimes against humanity . Syrian state media have been packed with critiques of the U.S. position since Obama 's announcement Saturday . An editorial in the state-run Al-Thawra newspaper Sunday said that Obama had declared "  the beginning of a historic American retreat . " Meanwhile , the opposition Syrian National Coalition issued a statement aimed at U.S. lawmakers . "  The Syrian National Coalition calls on the American congress to carry their historical responsibility towards the Syrian people and take the right decision to support the American government approach to stop the killing machine of the Syrian criminal regime , " the statement said . Iran : U.S. military action in Syria would spark ` disaster ' Opinion : Why strikes in Syria are a bad idea Sarin allegedly used previously in Syrian civil war World leaders have said previously that sarin has been used in the Syrian civil war . In April , the United States said it had evidence sarin was used in Syria on a small scale . In May , a U.N. official said there were strong suspicions that rebel forces used the deadly nerve agent . In June , France said sarin had been used several times in the war , including at least once by the Syrian regime . Fast Facts : sarin gas Dr. Sanjay Gupta : How ` gruesome ' sarin gas can kill CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom , Yousuf Basil , Catherine Shoichet , Khushbu Shah , Evan Perez , Saad Abedine , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Tom Watkins , Dana Bash and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : Arab League condemns attack , blames Syrian government Kerry says blood and hair samples show "  signatures of sarin " The U.N. says its investigation will be "  impartial and credible " Syrian opposition : Obama has given false hope to those suffering
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Bucking tradition , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will bypass Europe and travel to Asia on her maiden voyage overseas , diplomats familiar with the planning said Tuesday . Bill Clinton looks at his wife Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as she is sworn in on February 2 . Clinton is expected to visit China , Japan and South Korea on her first trip overseas . The diplomats said she may also add other stops , including one in Southeast Asia . The diplomats spoke on condition of anonymity because Clinton 's schedule was still being finalized . The State Department has not commented on her travel plans . Making Asia Clinton 's first overseas destination illustrates the Obama administration 's desire for a broader partnership with China and its commitment to resolving the North Korean nuclear issue , as well as strengthening ties with Tokyo and Seoul , the diplomats said . The White House said President Barack Obama told Chinese President Hu Jintao in a Friday phone call that he looked forward to "  to early contacts and exchanges between senior officials of our two countries . " Clinton told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last month she hoped to make an early trip to Southeast Asia , in particular Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim-majority nation where Obama spent part of his childhood . Clinton said she wanted to restart Peace Corps programs there , which were suspended in the 1960s . Traditionally U.S. secretaries of state make Europe or the Middle East their first official trip overseas . But given that Vice President Joseph Biden is headed to Europe this week for a security conference in Germany , and special envoy George Mitchell is currently in the Middle East , Clinton is free to break with tradition . However British Foreign Secretary David Miliband and German Foreign Secretary Walter Steinmeier will be Clinton 's first foreign guests to the State Department on Tuesday . Clinton was sworn in as America 's 67th secretary of state on Monday -- for a second time . Watch Clinton being sworn in " Biden administered the oath to Clinton in a ceremonial star-studded gathering at the State Department , with actor Chevy Chase and designer Oscar de la Renta among those on hand . "  It is an overwhelming honor ... to assume this position , " Clinton said . "  We have a lot of work to do -LSB- to ensure that -RSB- America 's future can be even brighter than our storied past . "	Hillary Clinton will bypass Europe and travel to Asia on her maiden voyage overseas U.S. Secretary of State Clinton expected to visit China , Japan and South Korea Trip illustrates Obama administration 's desire for a broader partnership with China Trip also highlights commitment to resolving the North Korean nuclear issue
CNN  -- The captors of Shane Bauer and Josh Fattal , two Americans currently being held in Iran on suspicion of espionage , allowed them to telephone home over the weekend , according a statement released Monday by members of their families . The Sunday calls , the third received by the families in more than 21 months , lasted less than five minutes , according to the statement . Bauer , Fattal and Bauer 's fiancee , Sarah Shourd , were arrested July 31 , 2009 , while hiking along an unmarked border between Iran and Iraqi Kurdistan . Shourd was released last year . U.S. officials have repeatedly said the charges against Bauer and Fattal are meritless and have called on the Iranian government to release the two men . A trial for the men was supposed to take place earlier this month , but it was delayed without an explanation after Bauer and Fattal were not brought to the courthouse . The statement from the Bauer and Fattal families said the men sounded "  reasonably well . " However , the detainees told family members they had been on a 17-day hunger strike to protest their captors ' refusal to give them letters sent from home , according to the statement . Last week , Cindy Hickey and Laura Fattal , the respective mothers of Bauer and Josh Fattal , announced they were going on a hunger strike to protest their sons ' treatment . In the Monday statement , both women said they would continue their "  open-ended , rolling hunger strike " until their sons are released . "  Their inhumane treatment has to end with their immediate release , " the family statement read . "  The people responsible for their unjustified imprisonment are bringing shame on Iran by continuing to hold Shane and Josh without due process and for no legitimate reason "	Relatives say imprisoned American hikers went on hunger strike over withheld letters Relatives say they 've spoken only three times in 21 months to detainees Iranian authorities accuse the men of spying
CNN  -- The revelation from Steven Kazmierczak 's girlfriend that he had stopped taking an antidepressant a few weeks before his rampage at Northern Illinois University has reopened debate about whether the drug can cause violent behavior . Jessica Baty told CNN that she had seen no hint during their two-year courtship that the 27-year-old might be capable of killing five people and injuring 17 before committing suicide . Kazmierczak had stopped taking Prozac three weeks before his shooting spree on February 14 and had been taking two other medications , she said . Experts differ on whether Prozac and other similar antidepressants might be linked to violence . "  There 's very little likelihood that withdrawal from Prozac could , by itself , cause someone to become violent , said Dr. Nada Stotland , professor of psychiatry at Rush Medical College and president-elect of the American Psychiatric Association . If people with other psychiatric illnesses had a propensity to violence , then discontinuing drug use "  could make them irritable , and that could be one trigger , " said Stotland , who has accepted speaking fees from the drug industry , but not in recent years . But , she said , "  discontinuation syndrome " does not cause someone to become violent . "  We understand that tragic and frightening events make people desperate for explanations , " she said in an e-mail . "  The explanations are seldom simple or straightforward , and , especially when attempts to understand would intrude on the confidentiality of medical records , we seldom know enough about perpetrators ' lives and minds to determine just what caused their behaviors . " She added , "  We have much , much more to fear from untreated psychiatric illnesses than from the effects of psychiatric medication . " Dr. Fred Goodwin , research professor of psychiatry at the George Washington University , agreed . "  In general , there is no evidence at all of these drugs producing increases in violence , " he told CNN . "  If anything , it was a withdrawal effect . " Goodwin , the former director of the National Institute of Mental Health and host of National Public Radio 's "  The Infinite Mind , " said he tells his medical residents "  until I 'm blue in the face " to change doses gradually rather than abruptly . "  You taper up , you taper down , " he said . Health Canada -- the Canadians ' version of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration -- changed its labeling in 2004 for the class of antidepressants to warn that "  patients of all ages taking these drugs may experience behavioral and/or emotional changes that may put them at increased risk of self-harm or harm to others . " And a medication guide approved by the FDA warns of the possibility that users could act "  aggressive , being angry , or violent . " The labeling also cites concern over "  thoughts of suicide " and "  anxiety , agitation , panic attacks , difficulty sleeping , irritability , hostility , aggressiveness , impulsivity , restlessness , or extreme hyperactivity . " Labeling in both countries warns patients not to stop taking the medication abruptly . Baty did not say whether Kazmierczak stopped taking Prozac abruptly or whether he consulted with his psychiatrist prior to doing so . An increased risk of violence occurs around the time of dose transition , according to the FDA . Dose transition is when a person who begins taking an antidepressant changes dose or stops taking it , said Dr. David Healy of the North Wales Department of Psychological Medicine at Cardiff University . Prozac , which has been available in the United States for more than 20 years , is one of a class of drugs called selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors . They increase the accumulation in the brain of the chemical messenger serotonin , which is linked to feelings of well-being . Though researchers have compiled the most data about Paxil , another antidepressant in the same class of medications , there is "  no reason to think Prozac is any different , " since all the drugs in that class work the same way , said the British psychiatrist and author of "  Let Them Eat Prozac . "  In the case of Prozac , because of its long half-life , the problems are likely to come several weeks after the last dose , " said Healy , who has been critical of the drugs and has testified as an expert witness on both sides of the matter . Though millions of people take antidepressants , researchers have had a hard time disentangling the many variables that affect behavior to determine whether the drugs are associated with episodes of violence . But that alone does n't explain the scant data . A study published last month in the New England Journal of Medicine and carried out by researchers at the Oregon Health & Science University found that the results of almost a third of antidepressant studies were never published , and nearly all of those had concluded that the drug did not work . "  Not only were positive results more likely to be published , but studies that were not positive , in our opinion , were often published in a way that conveyed a positive outcome , " concluded the authors , led by OHSU 's Dr. Erick Turner . "  By altering the apparent risk-benefit ratio of drugs , selective publication can lead doctors to make inappropriate prescribing decisions that may not be in the best interest of their patients and , thus , the public health , " they concluded . Healy himself wrote one study that did get published , in PLoS Medicine in September 2006 . It tallied the overall risk of violence among more than 9,000 antidepressant users at 0.65 percent , more than twice the 0.31 percent seen among people who were taking placebo . But Healy cautioned against concluding that there was indeed a causal relationship between the drug and Kazmierczak 's outburst . "  While the data shows the drugs can pose a real risk , in each individual case you still have to look closely for alternate explanations and definitely not assume too quickly that it has been the drug , " he said . See a professor talk about Kazmierczak 's demeanor leading up to the shooting " Baty 's assertion to CNN that Kazmierczak was also taking Xanax , an anti-anxiety agent , and Ambien , a sleep aid , before the NIU shootings , make establishing a causal relationship even more difficult , said psychiatrist Stotland . It is not unusual for doctors to prescribe anti-anxiety agents and sleep medication along with antidepressants , since they can cause anxiety and interfere with sleep , she said . But , she added , "  The more things you add , the more unpredictable things can get . " Dr. Joseph Glenmullen , a clinical instructor in psychiatry at Harvard Medical School who has given expert testimony in cases against the pharmaceutical industry , raised concerns about the drug combination Baty said her boyfriend was taking . Prozac withdrawal can make a person irritable and aggressive , and Ambien and Xanax each can cause a person to shed inhibitions , according to the FDA 's drug labeling . The result "  could be a pretty deadly combination , " said Glenmullen , author of "  The Antidepressant Solution - A Step-by-Step Guide to Safely Overcoming Withdrawal , Dependence , and ` Addiction . " He called for "  some governmental organization " to investigate whether anecdotal reports of violence linked to the drugs are backed up by hard data . A spokesman for Prozac drug maker Eli Lilly and Co. said the cause of the killing spree may remain elusive . "  There is much information that is still unknown about his life and medical history and therefore it may never be known as to why he ultimately chose to take the lives of others as well as himself , " said spokesman Charles McAtee , in an e-mail . "  Because the authorities have not confirmed at this time any use of a specific medication by this young man , it is not appropriate for us to speculate on the matter . It 's important that patients should not stop taking any medication without first talking with their doctor . " E-mail to a friend	Girlfriend : Kazmierczak stopped taking Prozac three weeks before NIU shooting Most experts say there is little data to provide link between drugs , violence FDA : Prozac withdrawal can make a person irritable and aggressive Other drug interactions make it difficult to conclude whether a link exists
An honor-roll student who was expelled from Southwestern Christian University in Oklahoma after she married another woman is now enrolled at a different university in the same state . Christian Minard said in a post to Facebook Tuesday , "  Finally got into classes !! In the end this will all have worked out for the best ! I now get to attend a university that is more than happy to have me there and has been extremely helpful towards me ! Excited for this new beginning ! " Adrienne Nobles , assistant vice president for university relations at the University of Central Oklahoma , confirmed Minard is enrolled in fall classes at the school in Edmond . In a statement , Nobles said an adviser to her school 's Students Alliance for Equality organization "  reached out to Ms. Minard via Facebook after reading  news coverage of Minard 's expulsion  to offer support and encouragement as a fellow lesbian who recently married her partner . " Earlier this month , in a letter that Minard shared with CNN , an administrator at Southwestern Christian University noted that he 'd been told of Minard 's same-sex marriage and saw pictures of it posted to Facebook . Such a union is in apparent conflict with the "  lifestyle covenant " of the university "  that all students must agree and sign , " he added . "  As an American and a Christian , I do respect your choice , " the administrator wrote . "  But  I have to uphold the Lifestyle Covenant at SCU and confront you with our position . "  Due to this recent event , you will not be able to attend SCU in the future . " In a conversation through Facebook with CNN , Minard said Wednesday she has received mixed reactions from the public , but said many people reached out to share their own stories . "  The LGBTQ community greatly reached out to me . Many of them had also attended religious universities and experienced problems . They connected with me and tried to help me in anyway they could . The support I received from everyone was incredible and pushed me to move forward ! "  The most important thing I 've learned is to always stand up for what you believe in , " she added . "  It 's okay to not be accepted somewhere , there is somewhere else out there that will accept you and encourage you to be who you are . " What to know about same-sex marriage Utah wins delay in recognizing same-sex marriages ; licenses stopped in Colorado Judge rules Kentucky 's same-sex marriage ban unconstitutional	Christian Minard was expelled from Southwestern Christian University She was told her marriage to another woman conflicted with the school 's "  lifestyle covenant " Another university in Oklahoma has now accepted Minard for fall classes Minard says she learned a vital lesson : "  To always stand up for what you believe in "
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Monday that North Korea must stop "  bucking the trend of history and common sense " in continuing with its nuclear program and that any unilateral action by the North "  carries too great a cost " for the world to allow it . Kerry spoke at the end of a three-day trip that focused on securing fresh commitments from South Korea , China and Japan for denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula and getting Pyongyang back to the negotiating table . "  The United States remains open to authentic and credible negotiations on denuclearization , but the burden is on Pyongyang , " Kerry said in Tokyo . "  Korea must take meaningful steps to show it will honor commitments it has already made " and the norms of international law . Last month , North Korea scrapped the 1953 truce that effectively ended the Korean war and said it was nullifying the joint declaration on the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . It also recently pledged to restart its Yongbyon nuclear complex , including a uranium enrichment plant and a reactor that was shut down under an agreement reached in October 2007 during talks with North Korea , the United States , and four other countries . "  The world does not need more potential for war , so we will stand together . And we welcome China 's strong commitment ... to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula , " Kerry said . Kerry : A nuclear North Korea is unacceptable "  The stakes are far too high and the global economy is far too fragile for anyone to allow these inherited problems to divide the region and inflame it . " A U.S. State Department official said Monday there are no plans to move toward direct talks , however , "  because North Korea has shown no willingness to move in a positive direction . " Pyongyang on Sunday rejected a different proposal for dialogue , one by South Korea last week regarding the North 's suspension of activity at the manufacturing zone that the two countries jointly operate . A statement via KCNA , the state-run news agency , called the South 's offer a "  crafty trick " and "  empty words without any content . " A KCNA commentary Monday was titled , "  U.S. is to blame for escalating tension on Korean Peninsula . " Kerry 's trip finishes on one of the biggest dates on the North Korean calendar : "  The Day of the Sun , " when citizens celebrate the birthday of the country 's late founder and "  eternal president , " Kim Il Sung . This year marks his 101st birthday . Current leader Kim Jong Un paid tribute Monday to Kim Il Sung , his grandfather , as well as his late father , Kim Jong Il , visiting the halls where both men lie in state . It was believed to be Kim 's first public appearance in two weeks . Amid the pageantry , patriotism and festive images being played on North Korean state television Monday , many around the world wonder whether this will also be the day North Korea decides to launch a missile , perhaps in a show of bravado after weeks of nuclear threats . Some scholars say a launch is still possible , if not Monday , then in the coming days . CNN Correspondent Kyung Lah reports from Seoul that because April 15 is the founder 's birthday , North Korea would not conduct a missile launch then with the possibility of failure hanging over them . North Korean missile : Should U.S. shoot it down ? Pyongyang made good on its promise to launch a long-range rocket around the time of Kim Il Sung 's birthday last year ; the rocket broke apart after launch and fell into the sea . North Korea has made more threats since then . It launched a rocket in December that apparently put a satellite into orbit , and in response , the U.N. Security council approved broadening sanctions against the country . Angered by those sanctions , Pyongyang announced in January it was planning a new nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches as part what it called a new phase of confrontation with the United States . It carried out an underground nuclear bomb test in February , and last month , Pyongyang threatened for the first time to launch a pre-emptive nuclear strike against the United States and South Korea . The North also threatened to attack U.S. and South Korean bases . The North Korea we rarely see CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	John Kerry says unilateral action by North Korea would be too costly He says North Korea must honor the commitments it has made He spoke at the end of a three-day trip focused on denuclearization Monday is a major holiday in North Korea
CNN  -- The African National Congress has won South Africa 's general election , holding on to power despite economic woes and corruption allegations that some felt might weaken its grip . Some 62.2 % of votes cast went to the ANC , according to provisional results from the country 's electoral commission as of Saturday morning . The Democratic Alliance placed a distant second with 22.2 % of the vote , while four other parties split the rest . The millions of voters who participated in Wednesday 's elections were charged with electing 400 members of Parliament , as well as representatives in new legislatures in South Africa 's nine provinces , according to the South African Press Association . The electoral commission reported just over 73 % turnout among the nation 's 25 million registered voters . Earlier , South Africa 's Government Communication and Information System called the elections "  a resounding success . " The result represents an expected victory for the party of Nelson Mandela , who died last December . But it 's not necessarily a total one , considering that the ANC garnered a lower portion of the overall vote from the 65.9 % it won in 2009 . The ANC , which has governed for the past 20 years , still enjoys widespread support after the defeat of the apartheid system and the beginning of democracy in South Africa . But its popularity and that of President Jacob Zuma have been hit by various issues , including a scandal centered in Zuma 's rural homestead in Nkandla , in the province of KwaZulu Natal . The state watchdog has alleged that more than $ 20 million of public money was misused in improvements to the sprawling complex . Zuma has denied any wrongdoing . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Robyn Curnow and Lonzo Cook contributed to this report .	NEW : Electoral commission reports just over 73 % turnout ANC garners 62.2 % of the vote ; the closest contender gets 22 . % Still , the ANC 's overall percentage is less than it got in 2009 The party of Nelson Mandela has been dogged by scandals
Washington  CNN  -- Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson is ordering more security for more than 9,500 federal government buildings and their 1.4 million daily visitors . Johnson said in a statement Tuesday that the Federal Protective Service 's new security measures are a precautionary guard against "  continued public calls by terrorist organizations for attacks on the homeland and elsewhere " after two attacks last week on Canada 's government . But Johnson did n't reveal the details of the new security measures , saying they 'll vary by location . "  The precise actions we are taking and the precise locations at which we will enhance security is law-enforcement sensitive , will vary and shift from location to location , and will be continually re-evaluated , " Johnson said in the statement . A Homeland Security official told CNN there is "  no new intelligence " suggesting that U.S. government buildings face additional threats , and emphasized that the changes are a "  precautionary measure " that only apply to buildings secured by the Federal Protective Service . CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this report .	The United States is enhancing security measures at federal buildings The move comes after attacks on Canada 's government last week Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson called the enhanced security precautionary
Northwestern University will ask the National Labor Relations Board to review its decision allowing football players to unionize , arguing that student-athletes are not university employees but "  students , first and foremost . " In a statement Friday , the Illinois university said it will follow labor board procedures but requested a review of the decision , saying it "  overlooked or completely ignored " critical university testimony and "  applied incorrect legal standards . " On Wednesday , the board ruled that football players at Northwestern University are employees and can unionize . "  Northwestern considers its students who participate in NCAA Division I sports , including those who receive athletic scholarships , to be students , first and foremost , " Alan Cubbage , vice president for university relations , said in the statement . "  We believe that participation in athletic events is part of the overall educational experience for those students , not a separate activity . " Cubbage added , "  Unionization and collective bargaining are not the appropriate methods to address the concerns these students are raising . The life of a student-athlete is extremely demanding , but the academic side and the athletic side are inextricably linked . " Read the board 's ruling  PDF The university will ask for review with the full board to appeal the regional director 's decision , Cubbage said . The university 's request is due on April 9 ; the union 's brief is due seven days later . If the board grants the review , it will set a briefing schedule for both parties , the statement said . The players ' petition was a way to get a seat at the bargaining table in college sports and could change the landscape of the NCAA model . But the board 's decision indicates that there was enough evidence presented that the athletes are employees of the university -- getting paid in the form of scholarships , working between 20 and 50 hours per week and generating millions of dollars for their institutions . The athletes have said they 're seeking better medical coverage , concussion testing , four-year scholarships and the possibility of being paid . But while former Northwestern quarterback CJ Bacher said he agrees with the reform issues set forth by the College Athletes Players Association and other groups , he does n't think unionizing is the way to achieve those goals . "  While we agree with CAPA 's stated objectives , the decision made by the NLRB ... is disconcerting to those of us that care deeply about the future success and stability of Northwestern athletics , " Bacher said . Richard Epstein , labor law professor at New York University , said the ruling has "  vast implications for the structure of the sport , if upheld . " But he noted an appeal would likely take years to resolve . The NCAA promptly said that while it was n't party to the proceeding , it was "  disappointed " with the board 's ruling and disagreed "  with the notion that student-athletes are employees . " "  We frequently hear from student-athletes , across all sports , that they participate to enhance their overall college experience and for the love of their sport , not to be paid , " said the statement from NCAA chief legal officer Donald Remy . "  While improvements need to be made , we do not need to completely throw away a system that has helped literally millions of students over the past decade alone attend college . "  We want student-athletes -- 99 percent of whom will never make it to the professional leagues -- focused on what matters most -- finding success in the classroom , on the field and in life . " Last week , Northwestern University 's president emeritus said that if the football players were successful forming a union , he could see the prestigious private institution giving up Division I football . "  If we got into collective-bargaining situations , I would not take for granted that the Northwesterns of the world would continue to play Division I sports , " Henry Bienen said at the annual conference for the Knight Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics . He further said that if the players won their fight , private institutions with high academic standards -- he specifically cited Duke and Stanford universities -- could abandon the current mode to preserve academic integrity . He compared it with the pullback of the Ivy League schools decades ago when their conference decided to opt out of postseason play and to end athletic scholarships , preserving the emphasis on academics for the players . "  In the 1950s , the ` Ivies ' had some of the highest-ranked football teams in the country . The Princeton teams were ranked in the top five or 10 at that time . They continue periodically to have ranked basketball teams , but they 've given up a certain kind of model of sports , " he said , adding that "  under certain conditions " the same could happen at other private elite universities that "  continue to play big-time sports . " Northwestern 's appeal could go as far as the U.S. Supreme Court , and it could take years before there is a definitive decision . During his daylong testimony last week , former Northwestern quarterback Kain Colter talked about year-round time requirements , at times 50 hours a week devoted to football . Colter said he had to give up his major related to pre-med studies because he could n't fit the classes into his schedule . Colter 's sentiment was echoed by the NCAA in a 2012 survey that asked athletes what they would change about their college experience . About 15 % of men 's football , baseball and basketball players said they would have had different majors had they not been athletes . Twelve percent of Division I football players said athletics prevented them from majoring in what they wanted . The average time spent on athletics in season hovered around 40 hours per week for all three sports , according to the survey . That finding flies in the face of the NCAA 20-hour rule , which states that , no matter the sport , coaches ca n't take up more than 20 hours of their players ' time .	Northwestern University to appeal decision allowing football players to unionize National Labor Relations Board rules in favor of Northwestern football players unionizing University says student-athletes are not university employees but "  students , first and foremost " If upheld , ruling could change the landscape of the NCAA model
CNN  -- The body of Andy Griffith , a North Carolina native and actor who for years won over audiences with his folksy appeal , was buried Tuesday morning less than five hours after he died . He passed away at around 7 a.m. ET at his home on Roanoke Island , authorities reported . At the request of his family , Griffith 's body was lowered into a grave on the island at about 11:30 a.m. ET , according to a funeral spokesperson who declined to be named , citing the sensitivity of the matter . "  It had been planned for some time , " said the spokesperson , who declined to reveal where on the island the body was buried . "  This was the wish of his family . " Most known for his role as the sheriff of Mayberry on the CBS series "  The Andy Griffith Show , " Griffith died Tuesday after an unspecified illness and "  has been laid to rest on his beloved Roanoke Island , " the family said in a statement . ` Mayberry ' remembers Andy Griffith But the speed with which the public learned of his death and was informed of his burial seemed especially fast , according to some observers . "  It 's not very common , " said Larry F. Stegall , executive director of the state 's Funeral Directors Association . "  I do n't recall having heard of it , and I 've been here 32 years . " Traditional funeral customs often allow for a more extended period between death and burial , so family and friends may have more opportunity to visit and pay their respects . Still , said Stegall , "  the family 's wishes are always abided by . " "  Andy was a person of incredibly strong Christian faith and was prepared for the day he would be called Home to his Lord , " Griffith 's wife , Cindi , said in a statement on Tuesday . A member of the Television Hall of Fame , Griffith also was inducted into the Christian Music Hall of Fame and Museum in 2007 . His 1996 album , "  I Love to Tell the Story -- 25 Timeless Hymns , " netted him a Grammy Award . Born in Mount Airy , North Carolina , in 1926 , Griffith was a 1949 graduate of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , where he received a degree in music . What we love about Andy Griffith ` Andy Griffith ' theme song part of Americana 10 things we learned from Andy Griffith White House mourns the death of Andy Griffith Mayberry in mourning CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	The body of Andy Griffith was buried Tuesday morning less than five hours after he died At the request of his family , his body was lowered into a grave on the island at about 11:30 a.m. He died at around 7 a.m. ET at his home on Roanoke Island , North Carolina "  It had been planned for some time , " a funeral spokesperson said
CNN  -- On this week 's Tech Check podcast , Doug Gross , John Sutter and Stephanie Goldberg discuss some pretty big advances in car technology that could be just a few years away from becoming a reality . Consumer Reports has endorsed what 's called vehicle-to-vehicle communication technology . The tech , which is being tested now , lets automobiles , in effect , talk to each other -- for safety and other reasons . There 's also growing talk that cars that drive themselves could be closer than we think . In other news we talk about a billboard in London that shows you a different ad based on your gender . It uses facial recognition to decide  supposedly with 90 percent accuracy  whether you 're a man or woman and respond accordingly . We talk about what this might mean for the future of advertising . Our Reader Comments of the Week come from our stories this week about internet privacy -- most notably concerns by lawmakers and state attorneys about Google 's upcoming changes to its privacy policy . Google says it will be pulling all of your data from all its sites and tools into a single profile . Should you be concerned . And our Tech Fail of the Week goes to some folks who we feel are taking Klout -- a pretty fun app to play with that attempts to measure your online influence -- a little too seriously . To listen to Tech Check , click on the audio box to the left . To subscribe , you can add Tech Check to your RSS feed here . You can also download the podcast on iTunes or using mobile apps like Stitcher . In the mean time , you can find us on Twitter at @cnntech or on the CNN Tech page on Facebook .	Tech Check is CNN.com 's weekly technology podcast This week Doug Gross , John Sutter and Stephanie Goldberg discuss car technology Google privacy is the topic of our Reader Comments of the Week
CNN  -- Han Han is China 's rebel writer who has become the unofficial voice for his generation . As a teenager the 27-year-old began writing novels about angst-ridden characters that proved tremendously popular with China 's angsty youth . But it is his blog that has propelled him to celebrity status in China and earned him the accolade as one of Time magazine 's 100 most influential people of 2009 . He 's been touted as mouthpiece for the "  post-80 's generation " ; China 's youth who have grown up during the country 's economic boom and are often characterized as apolitical and consumer-obsessed . Blogging about issues such as the Chinese government 's handling of the Sichuan earthquake of 2008 and recent spate of school stabbings , Han Han is savvy enough to know the limits of what he can and ca n't write about . "  Even though the Chinese government has improved on the freedom of speech front in recent years , writing is still rather dangerous , so it 's quite difficult to strike this balance , " he told CNN . "  But I believe you still need to try despite these difficulties . The situation only improves when there are more people trying ; if no one is trying , it only gets more and more difficult . " With boyish good-looks and a rebel 's cred  he dropped out of high-school and races rally cars  he 's become one of China 's more popular and recognizable bloggers , where the Internet is an increasingly popular forum for self-expression . For Jeremy Goldkorn , a China media commentator , Han 's attitude combined with his writing helps strike a chord with millions of China 's disaffected youth . "  What separates Han Han from the other popular bloggers is , I think ... he 's got attitude . He is provocative and he reflects some of the anxieties that young people feel about the way China is today , " said Goldkorn . He may be outspoken but Han is not an activist in the vein of human rights and freedom of speech campaigner Liu Xiabao , who was jailed in 2009 . Coming from a different generation from Han sees himself more aligned with artists rather than political iconoclasts . "  I 'm not asking or requesting much -- I just hope that all the people in arts , all the literati , painters , and directors can work in an unregulated and uncensored environment , " he said . "  But to be honest , the Chinese government and Chinese officials are n't as scary or as evil as what outsiders perceive . Their thinking process is a bit old-fashioned and stupid , but not evil . Except towards people who they believe might threaten the government , of course this relates mostly to many political events in the past . "	Han Han is an outspoken blogger who has gained celebrity status Named one of Time Magazine 's most influential people of 2009 Dropped out of school to write novels ; races rally cars
CNN  -- Two U.S. Navy ships collided Wednesday off the coast of San Diego , according to Navy officials . No injuries have been reported and the cause of the accident is still under investigation , but it appears to be a steering malfunction , Navy spokesman Cmdr. Charlie Brown said . Both ships -- the USS Essex , an amphibious assault ship , and the USNS Yukon , a refueling ship -- were damaged , but the full extent was not immediately known , Brown said . According to a U.S. Navy statement , the accident occurred about 9:20 a.m. PT about 120 miles off the coast of Southern California . The ships were approaching each other as the Yukon was preparing to refuel the Essex , the Navy said . The steering malfunction was aboard the Essex , the Navy said . The Essex is scheduled to return to San Diego May 17 after completing 12 years as the Navy 's only permanently forward-deployed amphibious assault ship in Sasebo , Japan .	No injuries reported as two Navy ships collide about 120 miles off the California coast Amphibious assault ship USS Essex and refueling vessel USNS Yukon are involved A steering malfunction occurred aboard USS Essex , the Navy says
London  CNN  -- A long-lost picture of Britain 's King Edward VIII reveals the monarch 's portrait was "  edited " after his abdication to show his replacement , King George VI . Edward VIII posed for popular periodical "  The Illustrated London News " in 1936 , ahead of his planned coronation . But when the monarch stepped down before he was officially crowned , artist Albert H Collings recycled the image , painting over Edward 's face in an early version of the "  airbrushing " familiar to today 's magazine readers . "  We tend to think of it as a modern thing , but this just shows it has been going on forever , " said Illustrated London News chief executive Lisa Barnard . "  I suppose the thinking was that the original would never be seen , so no one would ever know , " she told CNN , adding , "  editors have always had to be resourceful -- news changes , and they have to change with it . "  We found a note of how much the artists were paid for the portraits -- hundreds of pounds , which was a lot of money at the time -- and the magazine would not have wanted to waste that . " The alteration came to light following the discovery of a proof copy of a special coronation edition of the magazine . When images of the coronation that never happened were published in British newspapers , one eagle-eyed reader noticed the striking similarity between the unknown painting of Edward VIII , and the image of George VI , which was published in a later issue of the periodical . Barnard said the portrait was not the only item from the unpublished Edward VIII coronation special to be recycled . "  They were able to reuse some of the more general articles for the George VI coronation issue , and some other pictures of the coronation robes were also ` edited ' to show George VI -- again , the artist just changed the heads . "  Days after the abdication was announced , the magazine put out a special ` abdication and accession ' edition , and they ran a whole essay which had been due to run in the coronation issue as a tribute to Edward VIII , and which became , in effect , a eulogy . " It is thought the magazine 's editor Sir Bruce Ingram was tipped off days before the abdication that the coronation issue might not be needed . In a page of notes attached to the proof copy and dated December 3 , 1936 -- a week before the official announcement -- he has written a list of alterations and revisions needed "  if Ed . VIII abdicates . " "  It is a sign of a smart editor , thinking on his feet and making the most of what they had , " Barnard told CNN . Edward VIII became King on the death of his father , George V , in January 1936 but reigned for less than a year before stepping aside on December 11 to marry American divorcee Wallis Simpson . His younger brother , George VI , who had never expected to become King , was named as his successor . The story of the new monarch 's struggle against a debilitating stutter in the early days of his reign was chronicled in the Oscar-winning movie "  The King 's Speech . "	Rediscovered picture of King Edward VIII reveals portrait was reworked as King George VI Painting was commissioned for use in coronation issue of "  The Illustrated London News " Edward VIII reigned from January to December 1936 but was never crowned Monarch abdicated in order to be allowed to marry American divorcee Wallis Simpson
London , England  CNN  -- Few American presidents have been greeted with the enthusiasm Europe demonstrated for Barack Obama on his election . In part , it was a reaction against his predecessor -- George W. was never loved in the EU -- but there was also the feeling that Obama was a genuine multilateralist . Europeans , who welcomed Obama as the candidate of change , did n't expect him to agree with them on everything , but they believed that he would at least listen to them . So now that the showroom gloss is beginning to wear off Obama at home , now that U.S. poll respondents are indicating that the first dents and scratches are visible in the previously gleaming bodywork , how is he being seen between Ljubljana and Lisbon ? In Europe 's capitals , as in many places , there was something of a gulp when the Nobel Peace Prize was announced , a feeling that it was being bestowed in hope of what was to come rather than in recognition of what had been achieved . That said , Obama remains far more popular personally than Bush , whose Iraq war adventure with the eager assistance of British Prime Minister Tony Blair led to splits among Europe 's leaders . On the diplomatic circuit , the movers and shakers will still fight for invitations whenever the president swings through European cities . On the plus side , there was a big welcome , except perhaps among some of the Eastern European states , when the president scrapped the missile defense plans with installations in Poland and the Czech Republic , indicating that he wanted to talk to Moscow rather than lob bricks over their neighbor 's wall . Europeans , who do n't possess America 's military might and who nearly always , in Winston Churchill 's words , prefer "  jaw , jaw to war , war , " also welcomed Obama 's early overture to Iran indicating that if Teheran would unclench its fist , then America was ready to extend its hand . After the strong influence the climate change deniers appeared to have with the previous administration , Europeans were especially pleased that Obama said he would come to the climate summit in Copenhagen , Denmark . They were impressed with the way he helped to broker a deal at the G20 summit in London in April , something he managed to do without throwing his weight around . It is a measure of the president 's continued pulling power that the Europeans , who have seemingly grudged every extra pair of boots the NATO secretary general has persuaded them to dispatch up until now , are to stump up around 7,000 additional troops for the war in Afghanistan alongside the 30,000 more committed by a president who has now more than doubled the U.S. contingent there . But while Europe 's diplomats and politicians know that the president , too , has to strike political balances , and while they recognize that shared values across the Atlantic wo n't always mean shared interests , a few niggles are creeping in . For all the talk about resetting relations between Washington and Moscow , the Europeans are worried that the crucial December 1 deadline passed without a deal renewing the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty for monitoring nuclear arsenals . On Afghanistan , Europe 's political leaders were muttering behind the scenes as the president took a long time making up his mind about the extra troops . To them , he seemed to be dithering ; and with anti-war opinion building in their own backyards , he made their own lives more difficult while they awaited his decision . Some criticism has come into the open . For example , Bob Ainsworth , Britain 's defense minister , has refused to commit the U.S. 's leading ally in Afghanistan to a pullout timetable beginning with the president 's promised date of July 2011 . Paddy Ashdown , who knows a bit about these things as the international community 's former high representative in Bosnia , reckons that the president failed to produce a political strategy to go along with his military one . Obama , said Lord Ashdown , was trying to appeal simultaneously to two different audiences . He wanted to tell the folks back home in Peoria , Illinois , that the troops would be home in 18 months , and he wanted to tell the Taliban that an extra 30,000 troops were on their way to make life tough for them . The problem was that the folks back home would focus most on the extra 30,000 troops going out , and the Taliban would focus on the fact that they would start leaving in 18 months . Taliban leader Mullah Omar is supposed to have said : "  The enemy has the watches ; we have the time . " Insurgents tend to have a longer time scale than democratic politicians , who only too soon will be facing electors once more . The Europeans , while they like much about Obama 's style , are growing just a little uneasy about how things will pan out under his presidency . "  It 's early days , but perhaps a little less talk and a little more do might be welcome , " one former Downing Street insider told me . They were n't expecting Superman in the White House , certainly not at a time of major economic recession . They still feel that the new president is a man they can talk to . But they can see that power is moving inexorably from the the G8 to the G20 , where Europe 's influence will be diluted by major new players like China and India . They may become a little sensitive as the president is seen to cozy up to the new players . The Europeans also can read the Pew surveys in the U.S. showing that a greater proportion of Americans would like their nation to pull back from a world role and "  mind its own business " than did so even during the Vietnam war . They will watch Obama now to see how he resists the pressures of isolationism . The slight unease one senses now in Europe 's capitals is , in a sense , less a personal slippage for Obama than a growing recognition of the weakness of a debt-ridden U.S. economy and of the inability of the world 's strongest military power to contain Islamic insurgencies or to find and dispose of Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar eight years after the mass murders of 9/11 . The U.S. may still have the military might . But even America has to look at the costs column these days . And when the likes of French President Nicolas Sarkozy inveigh against the evils of the "  Anglo-Saxon economic model , " they have Wall Street just as much in mind as they do the city of London . Obama , though , does n't have to worry yet about his personal popularity in Europe . He remains a beacon of hope to many Europeans . And he will probably remain rather more popular in Europe than he is at home because it is in tackling the back-pocket issues with their own electorates -- like health care -- that most politicians make their enemies . That may , however , be little consolation to a president with a second term to win in due course . Blair , after all , remained hugely popular in the U.S. . But so discredited did he become back home that he was forced to step down and hand over power to Gordon Brown .	President Obama was widely supported by many European countries Obama 's poll numbers in the U.S. are dropping , though Oakley : Obama does n't have to worry yet about his popularity in Europe
Editor 's note : This is another in a series of Business Insider commentaries debunking common tech myths . Business Insider  -- Apple and CEO Steve Jobs have celebrated a string of huge hits over the past several years , including the iPhone , the iPad and the MacBook Air . Reviews have been mostly glowing , sales have been strong and investors have cheered , sending the stock up 40 % over the past 12 months . Apple , which was struggling a decade ago , is now the world 's most admired and highly valued tech company . But Apple is not perfect . In fact , the company has several weaknesses to address : 1  The cloud . Apple has been bragging about how the iPad 2 is a "  post-PC " device , but you still need to plug it into a computer to activate and sync it . The easiest way to get photos off your iPhone is to email them to yourself . You still ca n't sync your iTunes music over Wi-Fi or 3G . This is a shame . Apple needs to think about the cloud the way Google does -- as the future of mobile services . You should n't be tied to a USB cord to access files . You should n't need a PC to use a "  post-PC " iPad . You should n't have to email a map link from your computer to your iPhone . Perhaps this is part of Apple 's new version of iOS , due sometime this year .  See our list of suggestions for iOS 5 here . The company has a huge new data center in North Carolina and ca n't be blind to the fact that other companies -- Dropbox , Amazon , Google , etc. -- are doing very cool things with the cloud . But for now , Apple is still weak here -- MobileMe and Apple 's iOS push notifications not withstanding . 2  Social . Apple has tried to do "  social " a bit with Ping , its social network based around iTunes music , and GameCenter , its social gaming service . They are n't huge hits . Apple has not been able to go as deep integrating Facebook or other social networks into its products as some Android devices or Microsoft 's Windows Phone 7 have . Some of this could be to reduce Apple 's dependence on other companies , so the iPhone is more reliable . But it seems that Apple and Steve Jobs do n't really get social , and do n't see its value . That could burn them in the long run . Or perhaps , again , this could be addressed in the next version of iOS . For instance , Apple could go a long way by making the iPhone 's built-in Photos app more social , like the popular Instagram app . And Apple 's marketing boss Phil Schiller is all over Instagram . So it 's not like the company is n't highly aware of what 's out there . This is n't to say that Apple should replicate Facebook , or even try to build its own general-purpose social network . But integrating your existing online social connections could be useful for many of Apple 's products , ranging from the iPhone 's address book to the App Store to photo sharing . So it 's time for Apple to do more here . 3  The living room . The new Apple TV just got a small upgrade , in the form of live video streaming for MLB and NBA games . But it 's still the weakest of Apple 's products , with a relatively limited selection of video . And it 's definitely not something TV companies like Comcast or DirecTV are worried about . Apple could improve Apple TV with an app store within the next year or so -- gaming could be big ! -- and more video content sooner . But it 's a challenge , because this is a situation where Apple has to decide between being a good platform -- and allowing rival companies like Netflix , Hulu , or Amazon to thrive -- and being a dominant content seller by keeping an iTunes monopoly . The good news for Apple is that no one else is really putting up a fight here yet . Google TV is n't a big success , while Boxee , Roku and TiVo Premiere have n't caught on with mainstream consumers . So Apple can take its time . Heck , Apple may even come out with an actual television someday . Also , these are all areas where Apple is relatively in control of its destiny , and can make improvements . There are some other areas where Apple is vulnerable , such as the threat posed by Google 's Android system , and possible production problems because of the earthquake and tsunami in Japan . But that 's a different list . Copyright © 2010 Business Insider .	Is the iPad 2 really "  post-PC " if you have to plug it into a computer to activate and sync ? Apple 's Ping and GameCenter "  social " products fall flat compared to Android Apple TV is no threat to established TV companies like Comcast or DirecTV
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Harry has passed the first stage of training to become a military helicopter pilot , following in the footsteps of his brother William , royal officials said Thursday . Harry spent three months in Afghanistan earlier this year . Harry , third in line to the British throne , will now begin a two-and-a-half year course with the Army Air Corps in January 2009 , that could result in him seeing active service as a pilot , according to a press statement . The 24-year-old prince , who has spent time in Afghanistan as a member of the British Army 's Household Cavalry , qualified for the course by flying a light aircraft under instruction , the statement said . "  If Prince Harry qualifies as an Army Air Corps pilot , he will , like any officer , be available for operational service wherever the AAC flies , " it said . Harry 's elder brother William was awarded his Royal Air Force wings in April after training since January . William 's training attracted controversy when he landed Chinook helicopter in a field on the property owned by his girlfriend Kate Middleton 's family . Defense officials said the flight had been authorized . In September , it was announced William is to train to become a full-time search and rescue pilot with the RAF . William and Harry 's father , Prince Charles , and uncle , the Duke of York , have also learned to pilot military helicopters . Prince Harry , who holds the rank of lieutenant , spent three months in Afghanistan earlier this year . He had to be withdrawn in March after his secret deployment was revealed in a media report .	Prince Harry has qualified to train as a military helicopter pilot Training course could take up to two-and-a-half-years Harry spent time in Afghanistan as a member of the Household Cavalry
CNN  -- Barack Obama has come in at eighth in a list of golf-playing American presidents , higher than both George Bush and Ronald Reagan . Bush was known for his love of golf , but figures released by Mark Knoller of CBS Radio , the unofficial White House statistician , have revealed that Obama has played golf 32 times during his presidency -- eight times more than his predecessor did during his entire tenure at the White House . In fact , president Obama played a round as recently as last Sunday , when his flight to Poland for the funeral of president Lech Kaczynski was cancelled due to the volcanic ash cloud over Europe . Golf Digest magazine has ranked president Obama ahead of both Bush and Reagan , but behind Bill Clinton -- who was known to practise his putting in the aisle of Air Force One .	Barack Obama has come in at eighth in a list of golf-playing American presidents Mr Obama comes in higher than both George Bush and Ronald Reagan The current president had played golf eight times more than Bush did during his entire tenure
CNN  -- Nickelodeon star Miranda Cosgrove suffered a broken ankle when her tour bus wrecked on an Illinois highway Thursday morning , her representative said . Five passengers were on the bus when it crashed on Interstate 70 , just outside of Vandalia , Illinois , the rep said in a statement to CNN . "  At this time , we are told everyone will be fine , " the rep said . "  Because of this , her tour is postponed until further notice . " Cosgrove , 18 , has been touring to promote her music , but she is well known for her acting . She 's the star of Nickelodeon 's hit TV show "  iCarly . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Cosgrove 's music tour is put on hold by the wreck , rep says The five people on the bus "  will be fine , " rep says The crash happened Tuesday on I-70 near Vandalia , Illinois
CNN  -- The head keeper at a private sanctuary for captive-born wildcats died when one of the animals attacked her , according to authorities . Renee Radziwon-Chapman died Saturday at WildCat Haven Sanctuary in Sherwood , Oregon , according to the Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office . She was 36 . She died after a cougar attacked her , CNN affiliate KATU-TV in Portland reported , citing a state Department of Fish and Wildlife official She was apparently the only person at the sanctuary and was inside an animal enclosure when she died , the sanctuary said Sunday in a statement . "  We are devastated by this loss , " the sanctuary staff said in a statement . "  Not only was she one of our most dedicated staff members , we thought of her as family . " It was unclear why Radizwon-Chapman entered the cage without first securing the animal and without another staff member present , as the sanctuary said is its practice . The public was never in any danger , authorities said . The sanctuary is not open to the public . It exists to give rescued captive-born wildcats a "  safe , natural , lifetime home , " according to its statement . Oklahoma zoo tiger mauls employee 's arm Indiana woman critical after tiger clamps her head in its mouth	Keeper dies at Oregon wild cat sanctuary The sanctuary says she was alone inside an enclosure WildCat Haven Sanctuary is home to rescued captive-born cats
The Internet is a vast and seemingly limitless space , but it 's no match for PSY . "  Gangnam Style , " the South Korean pop star 's enduring video phenomenon from 2012 , has surpassed 2,147,483,647 views on YouTube , maxing out the site 's original view counter . "  We never thought a video would be watched in numbers greater than a 32-bit integer  = 2,147,483,647 views  , but that was before we met PSY , " wrote Google , which owns YouTube , in a blog post this week . " ` Gangnam Style ' has been viewed so many times we have to upgrade ! " For anyone who does n't have an advanced degree in computing , that basically means YouTube 's view counter was based on a 32-bit integer , a unit of data in computer programming languages , and the number 2,147,483,647 is its maximum positive value . When programmers built YouTube nine years ago , they probably never imagined that a video on the young platform -- back when several million views was considered a smash hit -- might be watched more than 2.1 billion times . As of late Wednesday morning , "  Gangnam Style " had breached the barrier , showing more than 2,152,512,000 views . So how is this possible ? YouTube 's software engineers saw the problem coming and recently updated to a 64-bit view counter across the site , Google spokesman Matt McLernon said . The view counter can now go up to 9 quintillion views  9,223,372,036,854,775,808 , to be exact  , which should hold PSY for a while . "  Nothing actually broke , " McLernon said . "  There was never anything that actually went wrong . It 's just people having fun with the language . " Still , it 's an impressive feat for PSY 's trademark horse-riding dance video , which is almost 2 1/2 years old . Uploaded in July 2012 , "  Gangnam Style " was the first clip to hit a billion views and is the most-watched video of all time . It was even the No. 5 most-played video on YouTube this past summer , McLernon said . "  People still play this video an absurd number of times , " he said . To commemorate the occasion , YouTube has added a new wrinkle : If you hover your cursor over the "  Gangnam Style " view counter , the numbers spin backwards and forwards . In 2012 : Gangnam is new YouTube king	"  Gangnam Style " has maxed out YouTube 's original video-view counter The clip , by South Korean pop star PSY , has surpassed 2,147,483,647 views YouTube has been forced to upgrade its software in response
CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot , the Dutch man once considered a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway , is the suspect in the killing of a woman in Peru , Peruvian police officials said Wednesday . Authorities in neighboring Chile are on a manhunt for van der Sloot , who fled there , Chile Interpol Deputy Prefect Eugenio Buines Arevalo told CNN . Chilean police are looking for van der Sloot in various hotels and other overnight accommodations in the border region with Peru , he said . Van der Sloot will be extradited to Peru if captured , he said . Police also are checking border and customs checkpoints . As of Wednesday there were no sightings of the suspect , and police were investigating if van der Sloot went deeper into Chile , Buines said . There is "  incriminating evidence " linking van der Sloot to the killing of 21-year-old Stephany Flores Ramirez , who was found with multiple stab wounds in a Lima hotel room Wednesday , Cesar Guardia Vasquez , of the criminal investigations unit , said at a news conference . The hotel room where Flores was found was registered in van der Sloot 's name , he said . A hotel guest and an employee witnessed the pair entering the hotel room together at 5 a.m. on Sunday , Guardia said . Police have video of the previous night , May 29 , of van der Sloot and Flores together at the Atlantic City Casino in Lima , he said . According to immigration officials , van der Sloot fled to Chile over land on Monday , Guardia said . "  We have all the evidence to show that the killer is this man , " the victim 's father , businessman and race-car driver Ricardo Flores told CNN en Español . But van der Sloot 's attorney , Joseph Tacopina , told CNN it was too early to make any conclusions . "  If history teaches us any lesson from van der Sloot/Holloway case , it 's that there have been way too many false facts that have been leaked and rumors that have been proven untrue , " Tacopina said . "  We need to take a step back . I have not been contacted and the family has not been contacted . Joran has not been asked by anyone to surrender . " Ricardo Flores said that police found his daughter 's car about 50 blocks from the hotel , and that inside , they found pills like those used in date rape cases . Similar to the Holloway case , van der Sloot and Flores allegedly met at a night spot , in this case , a casino . Ricardo Flores said he did not believe that his daughter knew the Dutch citizen from before . Both of them speak English , and at the casino they struck up conversation , he said . Interpol has alerted its office in Chile and other bordering countries of the case and placed them on alert in case van der Sloot tries to leave that country , Peruvian Interpol Interim Director Gerson Ortiz told CNN . An international arrest warrant could be issued in the next 48 hours , he said . In 2005 , van der Sloot was arrested in Aruba along with two other men , brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe , in connection with the disappearance of Natalee Holloway . In 2007 , they were arrested a second time after Aruba 's then-chief prosecutor , Hans Mos , said he had received new evidence in the case . Van der Sloot , who was attending college in the Netherlands , was brought back to Aruba . But judges ruled the new evidence -- which included an Internet chat the same day Holloway disappeared with one of the three youths saying she was dead -- was not enough to keep them jailed . In 2008 , prosecutors sought unsuccessfully to arrest van der Sloot a third time after a videotape surfaced on Dutch television . In it , van der Sloot tells a man he considered to be his friend that he had sex with Holloway on the beach after leaving the nightclub , then she "  started shaking " and lost consciousness . He said he panicked when he could not resuscitate her and called a friend who had a boat . The two put Holloway 's body in the boat , he said , and then he went home . The friend told him the next day that he had carried the body out and dumped it in the ocean . But an Aruba court ruled there was not enough evidence to re-arrest him . Aruban prosecutors said authorities had met with van der Sloot in the Netherlands , but in a two-hour interview he denied any role in Holloway 's disappearance . CNN 's Eric Marrapodi and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : Chilean authorities on manhunt for Joran van der Sloot Joran van der Sloot suspected in Peruvian killing Stephany Flores Ramirez , 21 , found dead in hotel room Van der Sloot was suspect in Natalee Holloway case
CNN  -- Russia 's lower house of parliament has approved a resolution recognizing that Josef Stalin 's regime was responsible for the 1940 massacre of more than 20,000 Polish officers , signaling a thawing of relations between Poland and Russia , state media reported . In a written statement , Poland 's Foreign Ministry said it welcomed the resolution titled "  Katyn Tragedy and Its Victims , " adopted by the State Duma of the Russian Federation on Saturday . "  Acknowledging the Stalinist totalitarian regime 's accountability for this unprecedented massacre is the Russian Parliament 's important gesture , signifying that we are making progress on the way to reconciliation between our countries and peoples , " said the statement . "  This gesture proves that there is no turning back from the truth-based dialogue between Poland and Russia , " the statement said . Documents that had been stored in secret archives for years show that the "  massacre was committed on the direct orders of Stalin , " a draft of the declaration says , according to the state-run RIA Novosti news agency . The masterminding of the Katyn Massacre has been a lingering , contentious issue between the two former communist nations . The World War II massacre , in which an estimated 20,000 Polish officers were murdered at point blank in the village of Katyn , has tainted Russian-Polish relations . The Duma 's Friday vote comes as Russian President Dmitry Medvedev prepares to travel to Poland in December . For decades , the Soviet government blamed the killings on Nazi Germany . In 1990 , Russia finally admitted to what many in Poland had long suspected : The Soviet Union secretly murdered as many as 22,000 Polish soldiers and civilians in the early days of World War II in an attempt to pre-emptively suppress a Polish rebellion against communist rule . That year , Russian prosecutors also launched a criminal case into the killings , but that case was closed in 2004 . Since then , the country has handed over some investigation files to Polish officials . This year , a 2007 film about the massacre aired on Russian television for the first time . But some Russian lawmakers say the issue is still in dispute . Communists , who opposed the declaration , claim German authorities actually executed the Polish soldiers . The party 's leader has dubbed attempts to blame Stalin part of "  Soviet history falsification " as part of an "  ideological war , " RIA Novosti reported . Former Polish President Lech Kaczynski was killed in a plane crash earlier this year when he was headed to a memorial at the massacre site . Kaczynski , 60 , had been traveling with a Polish delegation to Russia to commemorate the massacre 's 70th anniversary . His wife and several top military officials were also killed in the crash .	NEW : Poland welcomes the resolution , foreign ministry says The 1940 killing of more than 20,000 Polish officers remains a major diplomatic sticking point A declaration says the "  massacre was committed on the direct orders of Stalin " Communists claim German authorities actually executed the Polish soldiers
It may be a foregone conclusion in the minds of many that accused Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is guilty of murder . A horrific crime : multiple killings , including that of a child , and more than 200 maimed or wounded . What may be less clear is Tsarnaev 's role in the attack , and whether , if convicted , he will be sentenced to death . As both sides prepare for his November trial , court filings and arguments by prosecutors and the defense provide a glimpse into their opposing strategy for the penalty phase of the case . The government says it has video showing Tsarnaev placing a backpack near the finish line , then using his cell phone , moments before the first bomb went off . He walked away and the second bomb went off in front of the camera , officials say . There is also the note Tsarnaev scribbled on the boat he was hiding in , claiming the Boston Marathon victims were payback for U.S. wars in Muslim lands . Excerpts of the note open the grand jury indictment . "  I ca n't stand to see such evil go unpunished ; " Tsarnaev wrote . "  We Muslims are one body , you hurt one , you hurt us all ; " "  Now I do n't like killing innocent people it is forbidden in Islam but due to said  unintelligible  it is allowed ; " and "  Stop killing our innocent people and we will stop . " In seeking the death penalty , prosecutors cite as an aggravating factor Tsarnaev 's "  betrayal of the United States . " They claim that after Tsarnaev received asylum from the United States , the defendant "  enjoyed the freedoms of a United States citizen ; and then betrayed his allegiance to the United States " by killing and maiming its people . Leading the defense team is Judy Clarke , a longtime public defender who has represented some of the nation 's most notorious criminals , including "  Unabomber " Ted Kaczynski , who killed three ; Jared Loughner , who shot and killed six people and critically wounded Rep. Gabby Giffords ; and Susan Smith , the emotionally disturbed mother who drowned her two children . Kaczynski and Loughner pleaded guilty and were sentenced to life imprisonment . In the Smith case , Clarke argued that her client 's abusive childhood and depression tormented her , causing her to "  snap . " Although it convicted Smith of murdering her sons , the jury spared her life . "  She enjoys a wonderful reputation , she fights very hard for all her clients , " said former U.S. attorney David Kelley , who prosecuted terrorism cases in New York 's Southern District . "  She 's the model for all defense lawyers . " Humanizing Tsarnaev is a priority for his defense team , said David Hoose , a criminal defense lawyer who represented Kristen Gilbert , a former Veterans Administration nurse convicted of killing four patients . The jury in that case did not vote unanimously to impose the death sentence . Gilbert was thus sentenced to life in prison . "  There 's always a story to be told , " Hoose said . "  It 's not a story that excuses or justifies what was done . but it explains and allows us to understand as human being to human being what led someone to the point in their life where they could undertake such an act that virtually everyone else finds incomprehensibly horrible . " The defense has great leeway in presenting its case for the penalty phase . "  The Supreme Court has held that pretty much anything related to the defense background , or character , or to the circumstances surrounding the crime " is admissible , Hoose said . Hoose said he believes Tsarnaev , who was 19 when the crime happened , has a good chance of avoiding the death penalty . "  This is a young kid , still impressionable , only a year and a half over the minimum that he would have to be even to be eligible for the death penalty , who is clearly under the influence of an older brother who has been radicalized and who has become extremely violent . What do you do as a younger sibling when that kind of thing is going on in your family ? " In a recent court filing , the defense lawyers sought information prosecutors obtained from the federal government 's surveillance of Tamerlan Tsarnaev . "  Any evidence tending to show that Tamerlan supplied the motivation , planning and ideology behind the Boston Marathon attack , and that his younger brother acted under his domination and control , is material , " the defense argued . Tsarnaev 's defense team declined to comment to CNN , but in a status hearing this week , they called the Tsarnaev family dynamic key to their case . "  If the government indictment is true , this is about a family , " defense attorney David Bruck said . The defense objects to having an FBI agent monitor conversations between Tsarnaev and his siblings during prison visits . Judge George O'Toole has indicated he agrees with the defense , but deferred ruling to give prosecutors time to respond . Since the federal death penalty was reinstated in 1988 , three people have been executed : Timothy McVeigh , for the Oklahoma City bombing that killed 168 people ; Juan Garza , for three murders connected to drug trafficking ; and Louis Jones , for the kidnapping and murder of a female soldier . According to the Federal Death Penalty Resource Counsel Project , juries have handed down 74 death sentence verdicts since the death penalty was reinstated . However , a judge has formally applied the sentence only 71 times . The disparity comes from defendants ' convictions that were overturned or death verdicts that were vacated before formal sentencing by the judge . The liberal-leaning nature of Boston-area juries also will bear watching in Tsarnaev 's case . Massachusetts banned the death penalty in 1984 . Hoose said in an area that is heavily Catholic , many are inclined to follow the lead of Pope Francis , who opposes capital punishment . In a Boston Globe poll taken in September , 57 % of Boston respondents supported a life sentence for Tsarnaev . Thirty-three percent favored the death penalty . Lillian Campbell , whose granddaughter , Krystle Campbell , was killed in the marathon bombings , told CNN 's Chris Cuomo , "  When they came out with this part about the death sentence ... I said , well , I do n't really care what they do with them . Because whatever they do , it 's not going to bring her back , " she said . "  I 'll never forget her , ever , no matter how much they say . Or what they do with the guy who did it . So I would n't wish anyone dead . I would n't . " "  Even after what he did ? " asked Cuomo . "  Even after what he did , " Campbell replied . Prosecutors in the case declined to speak with CNN . Former federal prosecutor Allison Burroughs said , given the nature of the crime , it 's not surprising the government is seeking the death penalty . "  If not in this case , then when ? " Burroughs said . However , she said winning a death penalty verdict in Massachusetts is so unlikely it may not be worth the time and resources involved . Others say the government made the right decision . "  The death penalty attaching to a case of terrorism where people are maimed and killed is certainly a reasonable option , " said Gerry Leone , the former Middlesex County District Attorney who prosecuted "  shoe-bomber " Richard Reid in 2002 . Reid pleaded guilty before going to trial . Although Leone said he thinks the defense has a chance of beating the death penalty , the prosecution strategy should be clear . "  The prosecution keeps harping on and keeps drilling home the facts . And the facts are horrible here . Two-hundred-sixty plus people who were hurt and maimed . Three people dead . A police officer in the aftermath of those actions executed , " Leone said . "  The government will keep pounding home the facts in this case , which are just horrible from a human perspective . " Richard Burr , who represented Timothy McVeigh , knows what it is like to lose a capital case . McVeigh was executed in 2001 . "  In any case where there is huge public injury , there 's pressure on political leaders to seek the death penalty . There may be pressure on jurors to return a death penalty , even against their better wisdom . " The key , Burr said , is to present the jurors with a detailed narrative of the defendant 's life that can evoke some mercy . "  Clarke and her team are masters at getting at a defendant 's life story , " Burr said . Yet "  she is also attuned to the critical need for the capital defense team not to ignore the victims . " "  The death penalty deprives people of their humanity , " Burr added . "  We have to try to help remind everybody that we 're all in this together . "	Tsarnaev is accused of killing three in Boston Marathon bombing Defense , prosecution are preparing for his November trail Federal prosecutors intend to seek the death penalty
EW.com  -- The success of any tightly scripted , live event is certainly measured in ratings , ticket sales , buzz , and -- with regard to quadrennial political nominating conventions -- voting returns . But the real yardstick for any major pop-culture event comes down to one simple element : The surprise celebrity cameo . Recent examples include James Bond and Queen Elizabeth skydiving into the London Olympics Opening Ceremonies ; Tupac Shakur 's hologram at Coachella ; and when Jon Hamm popped up to say goodbye to Kristen Wiig on "  SNL . " Hoping to add itself to that storied list , apparently , is the 2012 Republican National Convention . The latest RNC schedule , released on Monday , notes that before presumptive GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney is introduced by Sen. Marco Rubio , the convention will hear remarks from someone -- or something -- "  To Be Announced . " That tantalizing clue led FoxNews.com today to report via a single unnamed source that actor , filmmaker , and all-around American icon Clint Eastwood is indeed the surprise guest . Unless it 's football player Tim Tebow . Or former president George H.W. Bush arriving via parachute  the 85-year-old is quite the skydiver  . Or , as one aide maybe joked in the story , "  a Ronald Reagan hologram . " These are all choices with serious potential to stir up some major buzz -- if the remarks were n't preceding the biggest speech of Mitt Romney 's political career . That 's the trick of a surprise guest : You want people to be impressed , but you do n't want to overshadow the main event . Would Romney look cooler drafting off of Eastwood or Tebow ? Or by comparison would he seem more like a businessman android than some already claim he is ? See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The latest RNC schedule notes that the convention will hear remarks from someone A single unnamed source reportedly said Clint Eastwood is the surprise guest The success of any tightly scripted , live event is measured in ratings , ticket sales and buzz
CNN  -- The actors of "  Slumdog Millionaire " won outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture , and Heath Ledger posthumously won best supporting male actor at the 15th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards on Sunday . "  Slumdog Millionaire " actors Irrfan Khan , Dev Patel , Freida Pinto and Anil Kapoor accept the film-cast prize . "  It was overwhelming enough to be nominated , but to win this is unbelievable , " said "  Slumdog " actor Anil Kapoor of the award given to him and his cast mates at Los Angeles ' Shrine Exposition Center . The cast 's win comes two weeks after the modestly budgeted movie , about a poverty-raised orphan in Mumbai who goes on the Indian version of "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire , " won the Golden Globe award for best drama . The film has been nominated for 10 Oscars , including for best picture . "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , " the big name when the Academy Award nominations were announced earlier this week , was shut out at the SAG Awards . The movie leads all films with 13 Oscar nods . Ledger , who was 28 when he died just more than a year ago of an accidental prescription drug overdose , won his award for his role in "  The Dark Knight , " 2008 's box-office king . Ledger 's performance was widely praised , and he won the Golden Globe for best supporting actor two weeks ago . He also is considered the front-runner for an Academy Award for supporting actor . Watch a roundup of SAG winners " Actor Gary Oldman accepted the SAG award for his friend . "  He was an extraordinary young man with an extra ordinary talent , and it is wonderful that you have acknowledged that and honored that talent tonight , " Oldman said . Josh Brolin , one of four actors who lost to Ledger on Sunday night , compared the SAG awards to "  a big campfire we 're all showing up for . " "  It 's not a competition , " Brolin said . "  We 're just happy to party together . " Meryl Streep echoed Brolin 's words when she accepted for best leading actress in a movie for her role in "  Doubt . " "  Can I just say there 's no such thing as the best actress , " Streep said . Streep was dressed as if she might ready for Brolin 's campfire , wearing black pants , a black blouse and no jewelry except for earrings . "  I did n't even buy a dress , " she said . Watch SAG awards fashion " Sean Penn , chosen as best leading male actor in a movie for "  Milk , " told the four actors he won against that he wept when he watched their work . "  You 're stunning , " Penn said . Penn 's took a brief political turn when spoke about "  Milk , " the story of a gay San Francisco politician assassinated in 1978 . "  This is a story about equal rights for all human beings , " Penn said . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the Oscar race Kate Winslet 's win as best supporting actress for her performance as Hanna Schmitz in "  The Reader " could help her best actress Oscar nomination for the same role . Watch an overwhelmed Winslet backstage " Winslet was nominated for SAG 's lead actress in a movie for "  Revolutionary Road , " but lost to Streep . The SAG Awards are watched closely by Oscar fans , but they 're not always a guarantee of Oscar gold . Last year , for example , Julie Christie won the SAG 's outstanding lead actress for her work in "  Away From Her . " At the Academy Awards , she was beaten by Marion Cotillard , who played French singer Edith Piaf in "  La Vie en Rose . " Most of the SAG trophies handed out during the first half of Sunday night 's show were for TV categories . Paul Giamatti and Laura Linney won for their roles in HBO 's "  John Adams . " Giamatti got the trophy for best male actor in a TV movie or miniseries for his role as President John Adams , while Linney won the female actor award for her portrayal of first lady Abigail Adams . Watch Linney say ` I 've been very lucky ' " Veteran actress Sally Field won her first SAG Actor trophy after seven nomination over the past 14 years . Field won outstanding performance by a female actor in a drama series for her work on "  Brothers & Sisters . " Hugh Laurie won best male actor in a TV drama series for a second time for his work in "  House . " He won the same trophy two years ago . "  I actually had $ 100 on James Spader , " Laurie said . "  This is just not my night . " Spader was also up for the best actor award . The TV drama ensemble award was given to the cast of AMC 's "  Mad Men . " The evening began with NBC 's "  30 Rock " sweeping best actor and ensemble trophies . Tina Fey won the outstanding performance by a female actor in a comedy series category , while Alec Baldwin won the male honor for his "  30 Rock " role . The 10 actors in the "  30 Rock " cast also captured the trophy for outstanding performance by an ensemble in a comedy series . The 16 SAG categories include honors for both television and film actors . James Earl Jones was given SAG 's 45th Life Achievement Award . "  Whatever medium he tackles , he consistently delivers , " actor Forest Whitaker said . Jones ' trademark deep voice has been heard in movies as "  the most evil voice in the entire universe ... and the voice of God , " Whitaker said . Jones used his acceptance speech to salute the late actor Paul Newman . "  Somebody down here likes you , " Jones said to Newman . In 1956 , Newman starred in "  Somebody Up There Likes Me . " The 15th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards aired on TNT and TBS . Both TNT and TBS are units of Time Warner , the parent company of CNN .	"  Slumdog Millionaire " gets outstanding performance by cast in motion picture Meryl Streep gets SAG award for best leading actress in a movie Sean Penn named best leading male actor in a movie Alec Baldwin , "  30 Rock " ensemble cast win television awards
CNN  -- It 's hard to imagine a young child , strapped into a car seat under a baking sun , slowly succumbing to a hellish death . It 's even harder to imagine that it could have been anything other than a terrible accident . But that 's what police in Cobb County , Georgia , say happened last week when 33-year-old Justin Ross Harris left his 22-month-old son , Cooper Mills Harris , strapped into a car seat while he went to work . He 's been charged with felony murder and second-degree child cruelty . Here are the key elements about this disturbing case : What happened ? On the morning of June 18 , Cooper and his father stopped for breakfast at a Chick-fil-A restaurant near his office in suburban Atlanta . Afterward , Harris put his son into the rear-facing car seat for the half-mile drive to the office . Instead of taking Cooper inside to the day care at his office , police say Harris left the boy strapped into his car seat and went inside to work . According to police , he came out and opened the driver side door and put something inside at lunchtime . He left the office at 4:16 p.m. , stopping a few miles later in a shopping center parking lot , where he called for help , screaming , "  What have I done ? " How did Cooper die ? Although final autopsy reports are n't yet in , it appears he died the same way at least 619 other children have died since 1998 , according to a study by a San Francisco State University researcher : his body got too hot and there was n't anyone there to cool him down . It 's a condition called hyperthermia . "  Essentially what happens is that the body temperature gets so high that it begins to kill the cells , " forensic pathologist and former medical examiner Vincent DiMaio told HLN . "  It 's like you 're cooking something . " While hyperthermia can strike anyone with enough exposure to heat , babies and small children strapped into rear-facing car seats are at particular risk , if a parent or caregiver forgets they are there . On an 80-degree day , a car can heat to an unsafe temperature in just two minutes , according to the National Weather Service , and the temperature can rise to 123 degrees in just one hour . On the day Cooper died , the temperature peaked at 88 degrees . So why is the father charged with murder ? Police at first seemed sympathetic to what seemed like a tragic accident , but later said there was more to the case . "  The chain of events that occurred in this case does not point toward simple negligence and evidence will be presented to support this allegation , " Cobb County police Chief John R. Houser said in a statement . A subsequent affidavit released by the Magistrate Court of Cobb County may indeed support the allegation . The document states that when investigators interviewed Justin Harris , "  he stated that he recently researched , through the Internet , child deaths inside vehicles and what temperature it needs to be for that to occur . Justin stated that he was fearful this could happen . " What are his family and friends saying ? Leanna Harris spoke in defense of her husband during Cooper 's funeral Saturday in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , Justin Harris ' hometown . Justin Harris spoke as well , by phone from jail , thanking attendees "  for everything you 've done for my boy . " The family has not answered questions from the media . Neither has anyone close to the family . Of the numerous family and friends of Harris contacted by CNN , none would speak . Most said they had been advised not to . Cooper 's obituary says the boy was "  loved and cherished and protected by both parents and all family members for his short 22 months of life . " And on a now-closed change.org petition calling on authorities to drop the charges , several posts from people who said they know Harris spoke well of him . "  He has been nothing but a caring father and supporting husband , " wrote one poster , identified as Michael Gordon of Northport , Alabama . What 's next ? Justin Harris is being held without bond at the Cobb County jail after pleading not guilty last week . He 's scheduled for a preliminary appearance on July 3 . Because he 's charged with murder , a grand jury will also have to review his case if the magistrate in an upcoming hearing finds probable cause for the charge to stand . Police : Georgia mom also searched Internet on child deaths CNN 's Nick Valencia and Mary Lynn Ryan contributed to this report .	Cooper Harris died on June 18 ; his death was consistent with hyperthermia or overheating Police have charged his father , Justin Ross Harris , with murder Court documents state Harris researched child deaths in cars Harris spoke to the crowd at Cooper 's funeral , via speakerphone
Four years ago , the discovery of 11 decomposed bodies inside an East Cleveland home seemed like the kind of devastating , once-in-generations event that would spur change for the better . Then , this spring , came the shocking allegations of three women who told police they 'd been held captive for years , sometimes raped and beaten , by a man named Ariel Castro , in a house just a few miles away . Lightning had struck twice . But , surely , it could n't happen again . Yet it did . Last weekend , authorities found the bodies of three women , wrapped in plastic in a style reminiscent of the victims of serial killer Anthony Sowell , the man sentenced to death in the 2009 case . It does raise questions : What 's up with Cleveland ? Why so many high-profile crimes in such a short span ? Why such violence against the metro area 's women ? Cleveland neighborhood struggles with horrors It 's the kind of question academics could spend an entire career researching and still not reach a satisfying answer . After all , the murder rate in Cleveland 's metropolitan area is n't out of line with that of other Rust Belt communities . And while more rapes are reported per capita than in many other cities , the director of a Cleveland rape center says there 's nothing particularly unusual about sexual violence there , compared with other cities . Cleveland 's police department declined a CNN request to talk about the recent crimes . But to those who study the city , some patterns do emerge : crushing poverty , dehumanizing unemployment and thousands of tumbledown vacant homes -- ideal places to rape and kill in the shadows . "  I hate to say this , but in a sense , to a large degree , we have an underclass in the city of Cleveland of those that truly are disconnected from the social fabric , from the mainstream economy and society , " said Ronnie Dunn , an urban studies professor at Cleveland State University . "  They 're left without anything to grasp onto . " Cleveland and poverty are no strangers . Once a hub of the nation 's industrial might -- shipping out seemingly endless streams of iron , steel , machinery and automobiles from its perch on Lake Erie -- the city that once housed nearly a million people now has barely a third of that population . In East Cleveland , where authorities found the three bodies over the weekend , more than half of families with children under the age of 5 live in poverty , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . The median household income is half that of the nation as a whole . And East Cleveland Mayor Gary Norton says 2,500 vacant and abandoned homes crowd his city 's three square miles . Across Cuyahoga County , home to the entire Cleveland metro area , about 76,000 residences are vacant , according to Census figures . It 's a perfect environment for crime and social indifference to thrive , said Dunn . But that does n't explain what makes Cleveland different -- plenty of cities across the nation suffer from urban rot . Maybe it 's a history of extreme racial disparity in Cuyahoga County 's justice system , crime author James Renner says . He says such disparities drive a wedge between police and residents of impoverished areas , making them reluctant to go to authorities to report crime for fear they might be hassled by police themselves . That , he says , allowed criminals time and space to do their work and "  created the perfect killing fields for these men . " Sowell , for instance , killed for at least two years before he was caught . Castro snatched the first of his victims a decade before he was finally arrested . And authorities have not said how long they believe East Cleveland 's Michael Madison , charged in the three most recent deaths , may have been killing . The bodies of his victims were badly decomposed , authorities said this week . One of them was found in an abandoned house . Again , similar things could be said of many big cities , where pockets of social rot provide an ideal habitat for criminals to set up shop . "  Violence knows no boundaries , " Norton , the East Cleveland mayor , told CNN 's Martin Savidge . "  Violence occurs in California . It occurs in Iowa . It occurs in Texas . It occurs in Ohio . " Indeed , Cleveland 's raw violent crime statistics are n't particularly out of line with those of other big Rust Belt cities . The city had 84 murders in 2012 and a violent crime rate of 1,386 for every 100,000 residents , according to Bureau of Justice Statistics figures . That 's lower than Baltimore 's crime rate and a pale shadow of Detroit 's , where 386 people were murdered in 2012 amid a crime rate one and a half times higher than Cleveland 's . But the city 's rape statistics do seem to paint a somewhat different picture . In 2012 , police took reports on 92 rapes for every 100,000 residents -- more than double the rate in Baltimore or Detroit . Only a few cities had a higher rate of reported rapes . That might suggest a particular problem with sexual violence against women in the Cleveland area , Dunn said . "  There are some things in the culture in this area where it appears that the lives of women in particular have been devalued , " he said . He said some men seem emasculated by their economic plight , and violence sometimes results . "  They manifest their lack of control in a violent manner against women , " Dunn said . "  It might not always result in murder , but it often does in physical abuse . " Sondra Miller , who deals with rape victims as interim director of Cleveland 's Rape Crisis Center , does n't think violence against women is any more a problem in Cleveland than in any other community . She believes that the data show that after years of high-profile cases in Cleveland , more people are willing to report rape and sexual assault . Could it be just something in the city 's DNA ? Outrageous crimes are not a new phenomenon : In the 1930s , dismembered bodies kept turning up in the city 's Kingsbury Run area , a string of killings that to this day remains unsolved . And , as crime author Renner points out , the city was once famous for its burning river , once dubbed the "  Mistake on the Lake " and branded with an outsized inferiority complex after decades of being the butt of national jokes . "  You live here , you grow up here , and there is some kind of weird vibe in the air here that anything 's possible , " he said . Whatever 's going on , Miller says , residents ca n't help but wonder , "  Why here ? Why us ? " as Cleveland 's gritty side goes on display once again in the national media . "  I do think we 're all asking how this happens in a city I love and care deeply about , " Miller said . "  We definitely have more questions than we have answers at this point . "	Cleveland is the site of three national headline-grabbing crimes in four years Poverty , vacant homes create perfect environment for crime , experts say But others question whether there 's anything unique about Cleveland "  Violence knows no boundaries , " East Cleveland Mayor Gary Norton says
CNN  -- Over the last two years , AMC 's "  The Walking Dead " has become one of the most popular dramatic series on television due in large part to complex story lines involving morality , survival and human relationships in a post-apocalyptic world . It 's also popular because of the fantastic-looking zombies that terrorize the characters each week , thrusting the decision-making process into a very primal , fight-or-flight mentality . Longtime special effects guru/director Greg Nicotero is the man behind the zombies and has worked on the series since Day One , where he 's now a co-executive producer . He got his start in the horror business in the mid - '80s on George Romero 's "  Day of the Dead " and has since branched out into many other film genres . But a television series such as "  The Walking Dead " is a bit different than film work and presents a new set of challenges . "  I have 25 years ' experience in the genre , so I know what 's been done before , " he says . "  A lot of the gags we come up with  on ` The Walking Dead '  are gags that are developed because I 've seen every zombie movie ever made . " CNN spoke with Nicotero from the set of "  The Walking Dead " in Senoia , Georgia , about the show 's popularity , the changing nature of zombie aesthetics and emotional attachment to the undead .  The third season of "  The Walking Dead " premieres at 9 p.m. ET Sunday on AMC . Post-apocalyptic TV is everywhere CNN : As someone with such an extensive resume in horror films , what about "  The Walking Dead " makes it so popular ? Greg Nicotero : There  are  three really key aspects of the show . I 've done a lot of zombie shows and it 's really a delicate balance to have great monsters , great characters and great story .  If  it 's too much of one and not enough of the other , it sort of explodes in your face . We really make a concerted effort to make sure everything is balanced , everything is grounded . CNN : What does it take to make one "  Walking Dead " zombie ? Nicotero : I have a team of four permanent makeup artists . We 've gotten to a point where we 're averaging about an hour and a half per character . The extras come into the trailers ; we do n't know who is coming in , and it 's sort of like having a new canvas every single time . They all have contact lenses ; they all have custom dentures ; some people we like to make more rotted than others . It all depends on the character and what we want to do on that particular day . Some days , where we only have six or seven walkers , we 're able to take a little bit more time with them , make them particularly decomposed-looking . Days that we have 60 or 70 , we break it down where we have "  hero " makeups , which are features , and "  midground " makeups , which are paint jobs , where we paint highlights and shadows on their faces to make them look dead , but they 're not intended to get too close to the camera . And we have "  deep background . " At the beginning of each season , we have what we call "  Zombie School , " and what that does is give me an opportunity to audition anywhere from 150 to 200 extras . I grade them on two criteria : Look and performance . We have a visual aesthetic that is really important to the show and the zombies , that they look thin and gaunt and emaciated . We tend to go with thinner people who have a specific kind of bone structure , so when we put prosthetic on them , because makeup is an additive process , it does n't look like we 're building out their face too much . The second part of it is performance . The actor has to bring it to life . It 's very important that our walkers are genuine and authentic . CNN : Has the zombie aesthetic evolved over the course of three seasons ? Do you play around with that stuff ? Nicotero : Oh yeah , all the time . When we did season one , when it was over , I sat down and made a list of what I thought worked successfully in season one and what I thought we could refine . Season two came up , and we had refined the look of the zombies , the design of the contact lenses , design of the dentures . It 's the same with season three . This season , we 've used a lot of animatronic puppets , we 've used practical gags to accent the zombie kills . Every time I watch an episode , I 'm always thinking about how we can refine it , how it can be better . CNN : There 's a scene in season two where the young girl Sophia emerges as a zombie from the barn . What are some of the conversations  you  had when crafting a zombie character that has such an emotional attachment to the group ? Nicotero : It 's challenging , from an emotional standpoint and a story content point . ... She needed to be recognizable ; she needed to be empathetic-looking . That 's one of the things we 've been able to impart on our zombies that has n't really been done in any other show . You look at some of these zombies and you feel an emotion for them ; you feel compassion or sadness . They 're not just flesh-eating monsters ;  they  are a symbol of "  what we once were . " With  Sophia  , it was critical that she was n't horribly disfigured . We had done a face cast of her and done a bunch of test makeups on her . We really wanted to be able to "  keep her . " CNN : How much does technology factor into your work these days ? Nicotero : If you look at the original "  Dawn of the Dead , " those gags were all done practical ; there were no CGI  computer-generated imagery  effects back then . That movie was the benchmark for years for zombie effects . ... Things like shooting zombies in the head , in the old days , that would have been done practical with squibs . Nowadays , if you have Rick Grimes  played by Andrew Lincoln  running down the street , and he has to shoot six zombies , it 's not practical to do a head hit on all six of those zombies and do it in a big wide shot . So digital technology allows us in the edit , once the shot is cut together , to determine which zombies we want to accentuate with a head hit on them . For me , what 's important is to constantly keep the audience guessing . The minute the audience thinks they know how you did it , then you got to switch it up . What 's next for ` Walking Dead ' ?	"  The Walking Dead " has become popular in part because of its zombie aesthetic Greg Nicotero is the man behind the zombies and has worked on the show since Day One One character 's makeup takes on average about an hour and a half to do Extras have to go to "  Zombie School " before being cast on the show
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- An Italian woman who had been in a coma for 17 years and whose right-to-die case was being debated in the Italian Parliament has died days after doctors began removing her feeding tube . A portrait of Eluana Englaro . She was in a vegetative state for nearly 17 years . The speaker of the Italian Senate announced the death of Eluana Englaro , 37 , Monday night , then called for a moment of silence in the chamber . Even as the silence ended , one legislator declared , "  She has not died -- she was killed , " prompting other right-to-die opponents to join in with calls of "  Murderers ! " Englaro had been in a vegetative state for 17 years , after suffering what doctors determined to be irreversible brain damage in a 1992 car crash , when she was 20 years old . For years , Englaro 's father , Beppino , fought to have her feeding tube removed , saying it would be a dignified end to his daughter 's life . He said that before the crash his daughter visited a friend who was in a coma and told him she did n't want the same thing to happen to her if she were ever in the same state . Confirming his daughter 's death Monday , Beppino Englaro told Italian media : "  Yes , she is no longer with us , but I do n't want to say anything further . I need to be left alone . " But the intense debate swirling around her case will go on . Watch as Italians protest against her death " When Englaro 's death was announced , the Senate was debating a proposed law that would require doctors to provide nourishment to all incapacitated patients , and that would have forced doctors to resume feeding Englaro through tubes . Debate on that proposal as it would affect other patients is likely to continue in Parliament . Last year , a court ruled that the feeding tube could be removed , and Italy 's high court upheld the ruling on appeal . Englaro was transferred last week to a private clinic , where the removal process began Friday -- even as the Senate took up a debate aimed at reversing that process . A decree aimed at preventing doctors from completely removing the feeding tube was passed unanimously Friday by Italy 's Council of Ministers , with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi leading the effort . "  I will do everything I can to save her life , " Berlusconi said . "  We have to do everything possible to stop a person from dying . " But President Giorgio Napolitano refused to sign the decree . According to a statement from Napolitano 's office , "  An emergency decree can not be in contrast with a court decision . " The case has been a controversial one in Italy , a heavily Catholic country where the Vatican has great influence . Earlier this month , Pope Benedict XVI told pilgrims that "  euthanasia is a false solution to suffering . " Monsignor Elio Sgreccia , president emeritus of the Pontifical Academy for Life , said Friday that Englaro had the right to be kept alive . "  It is the duty of the doctors , of society , and of the political institutions to administer her essential foods to keep her alive . No one has the right to take her life away from her , " he said . Euthanasia is illegal in Italy , but patients have the right to refuse treatment . It is on that basis that Englaro argued his daughter should be allowed to die , because some time before her accident she had expressed the wish not to be kept alive while in a coma -- indirectly refusing treatment , he said .	NEW : Woman in coma for 17 years in Italy has died , her father says Eluana Englaro has been in vegetative state since a car crash Her father has fought for years to have her feeding tube removed
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan presidential candidate Abdullah Abdullah is in the lead with four-fifths of the votes counted in Afghanistan 's landmark presidential elections , the country 's Independent Election Commission said Thursday . About 7 million Afghans voted on April 5 to choose a successor to outgoing President Hamid Karzai , in what will be the country 's first democratic transfer of presidential power . With 82.6 % of the votes counted , Abdullah , a former foreign minister , has 43.8 % of the vote , Independent Election Commission chief Mohammad Yousuf Nooristani said at a news conference Thursday . Ashraf Ghani , with 32.9 % of the vote , is in second place , he said , while Zalmai Rasoul is in third place with 11.1 % of the vote . All the votes should be counted by Saturday , when the initial results will be announced , Nooristani said . The final results will then be declared on May 14 . If no candidate has a majority , then a second round of voting will be held . Nooristani was not yet able to say whether the election would go to a runoff vote or not . Leading contenders Abdullah and Ghani were seen as the front-runners going into the April 5 ballot . Abdullah , who is associated with the Tajik ethnic group , is partnered with Mohammad Mohaqeq , a leader of the Hazara ethnic group , and he also has a Pashtun on the ticket . An eye doctor by training , Abdullah became Afghanistan 's foreign minister under Karzai . He ran against him in 2009 but dropped out to protest what he saw as large-scale voter fraud . He is considered to be relatively liberal and has made at least one public statement in support of women 's rights . Ghani , who earned his doctorate at Columbia University in the U.S. , is from the Pashtun ethnic group . His running mate is Abdul Rashid Dostum , a leader of the Uzbek ethnic group . Ghani was the country 's finance minister under Karzai . Security issue Security will be a key issue for whoever is elected president . A series of deadly attacks marked the run-up to the vote , and Kabul was again rocked by violence Thursday when at least three American medical workers in the capital were shot by a policeman guarding a hospital . NATO troops are scheduled to draw down from Afghanistan by the end of the year . Karzai , who is constitutionally required to step down , has refused to sign an agreement to keep international forces in Afghanistan , also known as the Status of Forces Agreement . But the two leading presidential candidates have said they would sign it .	Abdullah Abdullah is in the lead with 82 % of the vote counted , Afghan electoral body says Candidate Ashraf Ghani is in second place , and Zalmai Rasoul is in third Afghan electoral chief says full vote count will come Saturday , final results on May 14 A runoff vote may be needed in the country 's first democratic transfer of presidential power
CNN  -- The Department of Veterans Affairs can not deny benefits to the wife of a lesbian military veteran , a U.S. district judge in California said in a ruling that in part cites this summer 's Supreme Court invalidation of a key Defense of Marriage Act section . The case involved former Army Sgt. Tracey Cooper-Harris , an Iraq and Afghanistan war veteran who sued the department last year after it denied dependency benefits to her wife -- whom she legally married in California -- because the federal government did n't recognize same-sex marriages . While Cooper-Harris ' case moved through the court system , the Supreme Court in June rejected the part of DOMA that denied federal benefits to same-sex partners , even those legally married . That left Title 38 of the U.S. Code , parts of which ban veterans ' benefits for same-sex spouses . In Thursday 's ruling , Judge Consuelo B. Marshall , after noting the DOMA rejection , ruled that the government could n't use Title 38 to deny benefits to Cooper-Harris ' wife , Maggie Cooper . Marshall cited defense experts who argued veterans ' benefits are an essential promise to service members , helping retention and recruiting . Married same-sex couples gain equal tax benefits "  The denial of benefits to spouses in same-sex marriages is not rationally related to any ... military purposes , " the judge wrote . "  Additionally , Title 38 is not rationally related to the military 's commitment to caring for and providing for veteran families . " Military to extend same-sex marriage benefits	A lesbian couple sued the Department of Veterans Affairs last year Former Army Sgt. Tracey Cooper-Harris wanted benefits for her wife With DOMA 's ban invalidated , a judge rules Title 38 also ca n't block benefits Judge : The denial is "  not rationally related " to military purposes
CNN  -- Nine people were shot in the East Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn early Sunday morning at a house party , police said . Four men and five women -- all younger than 45 -- sustained injuries and were transported to four hospitals . Seven patients were released ; two remain in the hospital and are in stable condition . The injuries were not life-threatening , according to New York police officer Sophia Tassy-Mason . Police said the shooting at East 52nd Street began around 1 a.m. . A neighbor , who lives nearby , told CNN affiliate WCBS that she heard a series of gunshots . The neighborhood is a mix of residential and commercial buildings , Tassy-Mason said . According to NYPD statistics , there have been 21 shooting incidents reported in the area this year . The number of shooters involved is still unknown , and police are searching for one or more suspects , Tassy-Mason said .	NEW : Nine sent to hospitals with injuries ; two remain in hospital in stable condition The early Sunday morning shootings happened in East Flatbush Number of shooters is unknown ; hunt for suspects continues
CNN  -- Is this the quintessential TMI Facebook post ? Rep. Mark Sanford , the former South Carolina governor known for having an extramarital affair while his staff claimed he was hiking the Appalachian Trail , wrote in a 2,300-word Facebook post Friday that he and his Argentine fiancée have broken up . The congressman says the strains between him and his ex-wife have complicated his relationship with his three children , as well as his relationship with fiancée Maria Belen Chapur . Sanford and Chapur got engaged in August 2012 , a few years after he publicly admitted that he had been cheating on his wife . The Sanfords divorced after the scandal , and the then-governor finished his time in office , leaving the governorship in January 2011 . The Republican , who was once considered a potential presidential contender , mounted a political comeback and won election to the U.S. House of Representatives in 2013 . In the Facebook post , Sanford says he 's being summoned to court on Monday as part of what he described as "  yet another lawsuit " by his ex-wife . Sanford 's ` American Idol ' lesson : Try , try , and try again CNN 's Eric Weisbrod contributed to this report .	Mark Sanford and his Argentine fiancée have broken up The Republican congressman announced it in a Facebook post He says tensions with his ex-wife have complicated his relationship
VRINDAVAN , India  CNN  -- Ostracized by society , thousands of India 's widows flock to the holy city of Vrindavan waiting to die . They are found on side streets , hunched over with walking canes , their heads shaved and their pain etched by hundreds of deep wrinkles in their faces . A widow makes her way in Vrindavan , India , where an estimated 15,000 widows live on the streets . These Hindu widows , the poorest of the poor , are shunned from society when their husbands die , not for religious reasons , but because of tradition -- and because they 're seen as a financial drain on their families . They can not remarry . They must not wear jewelry . They are forced to shave their heads and typically wear white . Even their shadows are considered bad luck . Hindus have long believed that death in Vrindavan will free them from the cycle of life and death . For widows , they hope death will save them from being condemned to such a life again . Watch how some widows are rebelling " "  Does it feel good ? " says 70-year-old Rada Rani Biswas . "  Now I have to loiter just for a bite to eat . " Biswas speaks with a strong voice , but her spirit is broken . When her husband of 50 years died , she was instantly ostracized by all those she thought loved her , including her son . "  My son tells me : ` You have grown old . Now who is going to feed you ? Go away , ' " she says , her eyes filling with tears . "  What do I do ? My pain had no limit . " As she speaks , she squats in front of one of Vrindavan 's temples , her life reduced to begging for scraps of food . There are an estimated 40 million widows in India , the least fortunate of them shunned and stripped of the life they lived when they were married . It 's believed that 15,000 widows live on the streets of Vrindavan , a city of about 55,000 in northern India . "  Widows do n't have many social rights within the family , " says Ranjana Kumari with the Center for Social Research , a group that works to empower women . The situation is much more extreme within some of India 's rural community . "  There , it is much more tradition-bound ; in urban areas , there are more chances and possibilities to live a normal life . " But the majority of India 's 1.1 billion population is rural . "  The government recognizes the problem , " Kumari says . "  It can do a lot , but it 's not doing enough . " One woman , a widow herself , is working for change . Dr. Mohini Giri has formed an organization called the Guild of Service , which helps destitute women and children . Giri 's mother was widowed when Giri was 9 years old , and she saw what a struggle it was . Then , Giri lost her husband when she was 50 , enduring the social humiliation that comes with being a widow . At times , she was asked not to attend weddings because her presence was considered bad luck . "  Generally all widows are ostracized , " she says . "  An educated woman may have money and independence , but even that is snatched away when she becomes a widow . We live in a patriarchal society . Men say that culturally as a widow you can not do anything : You can not grow your hair , you should not look beautiful . " She adds , "  It 's the mind-set of society we need to change -- not the women . " Seven years ago , Giri 's organization set up a refuge called Amar Bari , or "  My Home , " in Vrindavan . It has become a refuge for about 120 of India 's widows . Giri 's organization is set to open a second home , one that will house another 500 widows . But as she says , "  Mine is but a drop in the bucket . " At Amar Bari , most widows reject traditional white outfits and grow out their hair . Along the open air corridors that link the house 's courtyard are green wooden doors , leading to dark tiny rooms , home for each widow . See the widows of Vrindavan " Bent over by osteoporosis , 85-year-old Promita Das meticulously and slowly sweeps the floor just outside her door and then carefully cleans her dishes . "  I came here when I could n't work anymore . I used to clean houses , " she says . "  Nobody looked after me , nobody loved me . I survived on my own . " She married at 12 and was widowed at 15 . Seventy years later , she finds herself at Amar Bari . "  I used to live in front of a temple , but then I came here , " she says . She carries with her not only the pain of a life without love , but also the loss of her only child . She gave birth at 14 ; her baby lived a year . Another widow , Ranu Mukherjee , wearing a bright red-patterned sari , shows off her room at the home and wants to sing for her guests . The lyrics of her song are about a lost traveler . "  When did you come here after losing your way ? " she sings . "  When I remember the days gone by I feel sad . " E-mail to a friend	India 's Hindu widows ca n't remarry , are forced to shave heads and wear white Widow says her son told her she was too old and to "  go away " A women 's group is seeking change , has set up refuge for widows There are an estimated 40 million widows in India
CNN  -- A band of insurgents dressed in U.S. Army uniforms waged a deadly assault on U.S.-British military complex in Afghanistan before being beaten back by coalition forces , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said Saturday . Two U.S. Marines and 14 insurgents died in the "  sustained " fighting during the Friday-night attack , ISAF said . The Taliban claimed responsibility , saying the strike was in response to the anti-Islam film stoking anger across the Muslim world . ISAF said the attack started just after 10 p.m. Friday when about 15 insurgents -- organized into three teams -- waged an assault on the airfield of a complex that includes American-run Camp Leatherneck and the British-run Camp Bastion , where British royal Prince Harry is stationed . Wearing U.S. army uniforms , the attackers toted automatic rifles , rocket-propelled grenade launchers and suicide vests . One of their teams was able to breach the perimeter fence , at one point , according to ISAF . The insurgents inflicted considerable damage around the base , including destroying six AV-8B Harrier jets and damaging two others . Six aircraft hangers suffered damage , while six refueling stations were destroyed . The violence ended after coalition troops killed all but one of the attackers . The lone survivor was wounded and taken into custody , ISAF said . Eight coalition military personnel and one civilian contractor were also wounded . An ISAF statement detailing the attack gave no indication how the insurgents might have obtained U.S. Army uniforms . Earlier Saturday , ISAF said the camp is secure and the strike would not "  impact " air and ground operations . Camp Leatherneck , the U.S. side of the base , was not affected by the attack , Maj. Adam N. Wojack , an ISAF spokesman , told CNN . White House says Karzai , Obama committed to preventing Afghan riots The assault occurred amid anger over the film denigrating the Prophet Mohammed . Angry protests tied to the film , a trailer of which was posted online on YouTube in July but only gained widespread attention this month , have occurred in recent days at American and other Western diplomatic missions across the Muslim world . Still , despite such protests and the Taliban claim tying the attack to the film , ISAF spokesman Maj. Martin Crighton said there had no organized demonstrations outside its gates before the attack . A week ago Friday , Prince Harry arrived in Afghanistan for a tour as an Apache helicopter pilot in the British military , Defense Ministry said . He is deployed at Camp Bastion with the 100-strong 662 Squadron , 3 Regiment Army Air Corps . Harry , the grandson of Queen Elizabeth II and third in line to the British throne , is a captain in Britain 's Army Air Corps . The prince "  was in no way in any danger " during the latest attack , Crighton said . Violence has been rife in Helmand and other parts of southern Afghanistan , which is considered the Taliban heartland , since a U.S.-led force first went into the country after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Separately , the British Defense Ministry on Saturday announced the deaths of two members of the 3rd Battalion of that nation 's army in Helmand province . A man wearing an Afghan police uniform fatally shot the two soldiers at a checkpoint in the south of the province 's Nahr-e Saraj district , Maj. Laurence Roche , a spokesman for Task Force Helmand , said in a statement released by the British defense ministry . This is the latest so-called insider or green-on-blue attack in which members of Afghan security forces are suspected of turning their weapons on coalition or Afghan soldiers . It was not immediately known where the incident occurred and where the slain service members were from . Another British soldier died Saturday in a separate incident in Nahr-e Saraj , according to the UK defense ministry . This troop was killed when the vehicle in which he was traveling in struck a bomb . CNN 's Jessica King and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	NEW : 14 of 15 insurgents who attacked a coalition base were killed , ISAF says NEW : They attacked the base heavily armed and wearing U.S. Army uniforms NEW : 6 AV-8B Harrier jets and 6 refueling stations are destroyed , adds ISAF 3 British service members die in separate attacks , also in Helmand province
Julian likes ornithology and "  Downton Abbey . " He 's quite the gentleman , and hates being late for tea . For potential admirers , it 's important to note that Julian is a cat . He is one of the stars of New York City 's first cat cafe , Meow Parlour , which opened on Monday to much fanfare and a full reservation book . The cats that purr and pounce while patrons sip coffee and nosh on pastries are n't just there for added ambiance -- they 're hoping to get adopted . Julian 's portrait hangs on the wall with those tongue-in-cheek compatibility stats , alongside other potential matches like Marty , Spot , Squinkles and Lucky Lemon . Their personalities are classified in types like "  bookish " for the reserved cat or "  cheerleader " for a more high-energy , friendly one . But being billed as a novelty cat cafe merely scratches the surface , say cafe founders Christina Ha and Emilie Legrand . "  I think we 'll feel really like we 've made it when we get our first cat adopted , " Ha said . She and Legrand teamed up with KittyKind , a no-kill , volunteer-run adoption group , in order to uniquely brand their cafe but also give it an altruistic twist . KittyKind currently takes in between 500 and 600 cats a year , with 27 cages in a Manhattan branch of a pet store and a network of foster homes . The duo were inspired by similar concepts in places like Taiwan , France and Japan , but did n't just want to jump on the bandwagon for the sake of pulling the heartstrings of cat lovers to sell more lattes . They wanted to give back by way of "  fur-ever " homes . Ha rescued two cats , Mr. Socks and Pickle -- the latter from KittyKind -- and decided to partner with the organization after Meow Parlour was a go . "  It brings tears to my eyes to see Lucky Lemon there , " says Miriam Hibel , who serves on KittyKind 's board of directors and is an adoption counselor . Hibel says KittyKind is particularly committed to helping cats with special needs , whether disease , old age or disability . For a cat to be placed in the cafe , it has to have a clean bill of health , get along with other cats and be nonaggressive . She says it 's really an opportunity to showcase a cat that might get depressed or hissy in a cage and , therefore , be overlooked by an adopter elsewhere . "  If you 're sitting at the cat cafe and you 're having a cup of coffee and this beautiful 10-year-old calico cat comes and rubs up against your leg , and you 're someone who is open to adopting , you 're just as likely to have your heart connect to that cat as Julian , who is 10 months old , " Hibel says . Ha and Hibel agree that the cafe is a boon for both species . The ultimate goal is that after an afternoon of cat companionship , a patron will want to extend that short-term visit into a lifelong relationship . Hibel says the application process is exactly the same as going through KittyKind 's shelter : There 's an application , interview , home visit and adoption fee of $ 125 to cover medical costs . As for the health code regulations relating to animals , Ha worked closely with the Department of Health in the planning stages . There is a separate storefront around the corner , the Meow Parlour Patisserie , where customers can purchase baked goods and beverages to bring into the cafe . And yes , they do have lint rollers .	Meow Parlour , New York City 's first cat cafe , is now open The cafe 's founders teamed up with the no-kill adoption group KittyKind Coffee and pastries are made and sold at a separate storefront to meet health code regulations
Once a sleepy tropical paradise with little more than handful of ramshackle beach huts , the island of Boracay , in the Philippines ' Malay Province , has emerged from the backpacker trail to become one of Asia 's hottest holiday destinations . In 2012 , Travel + Leisure honoured it with the title "  World 's Best Island . " Although Boracay now hosts a wide range of resorts with even more under development , it 's the combination of seemingly endless stretches of white sandy beach and clear azure water that keeps visitors coming back . The island packs more than a dozen beaches into a surface area of just over 10 square kilometers  3.9 square miles  . Here 's a selection of some of the best . White Beach The beach that put Boracay on the map is a five-kilometer expanse of white powdery sand , much of which is in fact finely ground coral . White Beach is divided into three "  stations " which date back to a quieter time when boats would glide through White Beach 's shallow waters to deliver visitors to Boracay directly onto the sand before Cagban Jetty Port on the island 's south east tip was built . Today White Beach is Boracay 's most developed stretch of shore , lined with resorts , hotels , bars , restaurants and even a shopping mall . The most expensive resorts , such as Discovery Shores are at the far end of Station One on the northern end of the beach  which also boasts White Beach 's finest sand , often painstakingly raked and manicured by resort staff  . More budget-friendly establishments are to be found along Station Three with accommodation along Station Two falling in the mid-range bracket . Boracay is known for its spectacular sunsets . Due to White Beach 's west-facing orientation , it 's an ideal place to watch the sun sink into the ocean . After dark , White Beach has a lively party scene . Each month 's festivities peak with full moon and black moon parties . Party destinations range from Epic , the beach 's biggest club , on the edge of Stations One and Two , to nearby Aplaya Beach Bar , with its Mediterranean vibe . Then there 's the debauched Cocomangas , where partygoers can binge drink for national pride -- those foolish enough to drink 15 different shots of alcohol get their name and nationality on a small plaque on the bar 's wall . Many bars along the Station Two have live music , which is of the consistently high standard that has led to Filipino musicians finding work in hotel bars the world over . Bulabog Beach The Island of Boracay resembles an eight-kilometer-long chicken drumstick that someone has taken a bite out of . With this in mind , Bulabog Beach lies on the eastern side of the long thin middle section of the island  the bone of the drumstick  . Opposite White Beach , Bulabog Beach greets the rising sun . At the island 's narrowest point , it 's less than a 700-meter walk from its more glamorous and developed cousin and , at 2.5 kilometers , about half its length . From November to April , Bulabog Beach bears the brunt of a blustery northern monsoonal wind known as the amihan . While wind-blown fine sand and debris rule the beach out as a place to sunbathe during amihan , its choppy waters are ideal for watersports such as kite boarding and windsurfing . The beach is lined with kite boarding schools , small bars catering to the kitesurfing and windsurfing crowd along with accommodation for kite boarding students and budget conscious travelers who want to avoid the crowds of White Beach . Yapak Beach  Puka Shell Beach More commonly referred to on the island as Puka Beach , this 800-meter-long stretch of glistening white sand on Boracay 's northern tip is arguably Boracay 's most beautiful beach . Its sand is coarser than White Beach 's due the high content of small puka shells . Upon arrival by road , visitors are greeted by of stalls selling locally made shell jewelry and shell souvenirs . Yapak Beach has thus far escaped the rampant development seen on Boracay 's main beach and its coconut-palm-lined shores give visitors a feeling of what the island was like when it was known only to a lucky few . Banyugan Beach Technically the private beach of Shangri-La 's Boracay Resort and Spa , this attractive 100-meter-long sheltered stretch of fine white sand to the west of Yapak Beach is framed by two high rocky outcrops and features comfortable sunbeds with large umbrellas and attentive waiters . Banyugan is accessible to non-guests , although it 's advisable to make a reservation for one of the Shangri-La 's bars or restaurants beforehand . Banyugan Beach is also a great snorkeling spot with large shoals of fish just offshore . Kayaks and TUSA brand snorkeling gear are available for hire . Mask and snorkel use is free to guests of the resort . Ilig Iligan Beach This small secluded beach , also far from the crowds of White Beach , is located in the upper north eastern tip of the island around the corner from Yapak Beach and on the opposite side of the island to Banyugan Beach . More protected from northern winds than Bulabog Beach , with two small rocky islands just off its northern edge , amihan still represents the off season for Ilig Iligan Beach 's two small resorts . During this time the beach is lined with colourful fishing boats under repair . The best time to visit is from May to October , when the monsoon winds shift to the southwest , the season known as habagad . Once the sea calms , Ilig Iligan Beach offers scenic snorkeling , but be warned : the beach has a strong current and is better suited to experienced swimmers .	White Beach , the most developed on Boracay , is the shoreline that put the island on the tourist map Being constantly raked and cared by resort staff , Station Three boasts the best sand on White Beach Yapak Beach has coarser sands but might be the most beautiful beach in Boracay
CNN  -- Christopher Carlson sprang into action when smoke and embers ushered a fire that threatened to envelop his Noble , Oklahoma , home . After taking his 12-year-old stepson to safety , Carlson raced against time to assist neighbors and try to save his trailer from one of more than a dozen wildfires that , as of Saturday , had destroyed more than 120 structures . "  That 's what we do in Oklahoma , " Carlson told CNN on Saturday from Norman . "  We help each other because we are prone to tornadoes , disasters and fires . " Conditions across the state remained critical , state officials said , with high temperatures and winds stoked by a cold front . The Noble fire in Cleveland County , south of Oklahoma City , affected about 7,800 acres and had destroyed 25 structures -- including homes and outbuildings -- as of Saturday , officials said . Residents Friday helped shovel dirt around Carlson 's residence to protect it from flames . He checked on neighbors to ensure they were aware of the danger . Dressed in flip-flops and shorts , Carlson doused the outside of his home , which eventually lost several rooms to the fire . Carlson , who has asthma , said he suffered minor burns , smoke inhalation and respiratory failure . Fourteen fires were burning Saturday across the state , according to Michelle Finch-Walker , spokeswoman for Oklahoma Forestry Services . Gov. Mary Fallin toured Luther , where at least 56 structures were lost to a 2,600-acre fire . Resident Joe Love told CNN Oklahoma City affiliate KOCO that he stayed in his residence as long as he could . "  When I left , the fire was right at my back door , " said Love . "  I do n't know what to think right now . I 'm just numb to the whole deal . " A fire in Creek County , southwest of Tulsa , had mushroomed to 32,000 acres . Forty structures were reported lost . "  Those numbers are going to grow , " said Finch-Walker . "  It is rolling . It is a big fire . " Weather has been a fierce enemy Six helicopters had been deployed , according to Jerry Lojka , spokesman for the state department of emergency management . Officials were unable to handle additional requests . "  This is a repeat of yesterday , " Lojka told CNN . "  The fires that started to come under control last night are back to full fire . " Oklahoma City tied a record of 113 degrees on Friday , and Saturday 's reading was expected to be around 107 . Oklahoma , like much of the nation , has been locked in an extreme drought , making fire conditions critical . Officials are urging residents to have an evacuation plan ready and to take extreme precautions outdoors , including limited outdoor grilling and not driving vehicles across bone-dry grass . "  It does n't take much to strike a blaze in these conditions , " said Finch-Walker . "  Once the fire gets into a highly vegetative area with a lot of trees it will create its own wind , " Lojka said . Marc Austin , a National Weather Service meteorologist in Norman , said the region will see somewhat better conditions Sunday , but temperatures will stay in the low 100s next week . Rainfall for the year is 2 inches below normal , but the deficit for the summer is 6.2 inches -- meaning most of the rain fell by spring . A cold front in northwestern Oklahoma brought increased wind speeds to an area enduring sweltering temperatures . "  It makes for a pretty nasty fire weather scenario , " said Austin . Heat , long tours take toll on firefighters The wildfires posed special challenges for firefighters , many of whom were getting little sleep . Supervisors were closely watching their crews in the searing , wind-fed heat . "  They can only fight minutes at a time , come out to drink some water and go back in , " said Capt. John Conkling of the Bristow Fire Department , which is helping combat the Creek County blaze near Freedom Hill . "  Within 15 minutes your socks are squishing wet , " from perspiration , he said . With winds at about 30 miles per hour and a temperature of about 107 , the strategy Saturday was to protect homes , he said . "  To fight this fire offensively would be dangerous . " Still , homes were lost Friday and Saturday . "  You want to try to help people and do the best that you can , " Conkling said . "  Sometimes you have to pull people back and say we ca n't do this because it is too dangerous . " Conkling said a couple firefighters were treated for heat exhaustion . Seven firefighters suffered heat-related injuries Friday in Luther , northeast of Oklahoma City , said Lojka . One of them and a trooper were transported to a hospital for treatment . David Richardson , spokesman for the Midwest City Fire Department in suburban Oklahoma City , said many crews are using lighter-weight and specialty gear in the wildfires . "  You 've got to rotate those guys out , " he said . "  You have to look out for their safety . " Regan Siler , wife of Bristow firefighter Mike Siler , said Facebook and other forms of social media are getting the word out to communities about how to help neighbors and fire victims . Residents across the affected areas also were donating snacks , water and Gatorade to fire crews . "  Everybody has come together to try to help , " said Regan Siler . "  So many of our friends have lost their homes . " CNN 's Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Firefighters face challenges with extreme heat , winds Fourteen fires are burning Saturday in Oklahoma At least 120 structures are destroyed Strong winds , low humidity and high temperatures take a toll
CNN  -- For a preview of the next big thing in video gaming , look no further than the Electronic Entertainment Expo , the splashy industry showcase that kicks off Monday in Los Angeles . Will it be the oddly named Wii U , Nintendo 's attempt to update its aging Wii console for a new wave of gamers ? Or "  Halo 4 , " the next chapter in the massively popular sci-fi action series ? Or maybe a surprise device or game that comes out of nowhere to captivate attendees ? This year 's E3 , as the annual trade show is better known , arrives during a time of upheaval for the multibillion-dollar gaming industry , which is scrambling to adapt to changing consumer habits . While home console gaming remains huge , more and more people are playing casual or social games on touchscreen phones and tablets . "  I think we may be seeing the last generation of dedicated handheld gaming systems with the PS Vita and Nintendo 3DS , " said Blair Herter , co-host G4TV 's "  X-Play . " "  What we 've seen is the mobile gaming space really take over what used to be considered the handheld gaming market . " Many analysts , including Herter , think this year 's E3 wo n't have as much bang as previous shows . Herter said he thinks this is because of expectations for next-generation consoles being developed by Sony and Microsoft for release in 2013 , and game developers ' hesitation to make something that might have a short shelf life . As an industry-only event , E3 is geared toward gaming media , developers and insiders . But in an effort to reach out to the public , many companies will be streaming events and shows throughout the four days of the conference to give fans early glimpses at new games and let them hear from developers directly . The E3 show floor does n't open until Tuesday , although festivities begin Monday with press announcements by Microsoft , Sony and several game developers . Here 's a roundup of what to look for : The Wii U , ready for its closeup Most companies at E3 will be showing off what their existing hardware can do or emphasizing new video game titles . Nintendo is the only one of the Big Three console makers -- a trio that includes Microsoft and Sony -- that will be demonstrating a new gaming system this year -- the Wii U . While the Wii U was previewed in more primitive form at last year 's E3 , there have reportedly been some changes in how the console looks and what it can do . Official word has been hush hush , which is typical for Nintendo before a big announcement . However , some images and news have leaked out suggesting the touchscreen controller for the Wii U will be different from what was shown last year . There has been some confusion about whether the Wii U is just a new controller or a more powerful console . Nintendo hopes to clear that up next week by demonstrating a "  final " version of the system with games designed specifically for the Wii U . At last year 's E3 , Nintendo showed a Wii U video demo featuring gameplay from Xbox 360 and PlayStation games . Pricing remains a mystery for the Wii U , which is expected to go on sale in fall 2012 . In April , Nintendo chief executive Satoru Iwata said a price for the new console would not be announced at E3 , but that the company would reveal its initial lineup of games . Some industry analysts think Nintendo needs to announce a price at E3 to generate buzz for the console . New offerings for Vita and Kinect Some observers think the current lineup of consoles -- the Wii , Sony PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Xbox 360 -- will all be replaced by newer systems by late 2013 . "  I think it is safe to assume this will be the last E3 where the current generation of consoles are talked about , " said G4TV 's Herter . At E3 , both Sony and Microsoft will be focusing on new software for their current systems . Sony is expected to make a big push for games for its PS Vita handheld console . The new gaming platform , released in February , has been suffering from a lack of new content after its initial launch . Critics have praised the Vita as technologically impressive but agree the device needs major game franchises to make it more popular . Help may be on the way in the form of new Vita titles . "  Little Big Planet Karting , " a racing game featuring Sackboy , and "  PlayStation All Stars Battle Royale , " a fighting game with some of Sony 's top characters , are likely to be announced next week as part of cross-platform gameplay with the PlayStation 3 . There also have been strong rumors of a "  Monster Hunter " game for the Vita to increase support for the console in Japan . Microsoft will concentrate its E3 efforts on development for the popular Kinect motion controller and additional games for the venerable Xbox 360 . There also are rumors flying around that Microsoft will unveil a more refined recognition system for Kinect , including the sensor 's ability to read individual finger movements . Microsoft also may announce new partnerships with TV broadcasters and programs in an effort to further transform the gaming console into a home entertainment center . Currently , HBO , ESPN , Hulu Plus , Netflix and others are part of the television lineup for the Xbox 360 . Big game titles On the software front for the Xbox 360 , "  Halo 4 " will be showcased in a four-hour event with its new developer , 343 Industries , and the return of Master Chief as the main character . The game is due out in November . Other exclusive , unannounced titles for the Microsoft console and Kinect are also expected -- although some franchises may be holding out for a next-generation console in a year or so . While "  Halo 4 " is one of the biggest titles at E3 , it is far from the only hotly anticipated game . We hope to see more from "  Assassin 's Creed III "  made by UbiSoft  and its setting in the American colonies , more from "  Dishonored "  Bethesda  and its steampunk action , and more about "  Resident Evil 6 "  Capcom  and that game 's multiplayer/co-op modes . "  There are a lot of great -LSB- big-name -RSB- games that are going to be there and be talked about , " Herter said . "  But even the software is going to be a little less than what people expect because of the potential for next-gen consoles next year . " On the other end of the gaming spectrum , there are also plans for several new massive multiplayer online games . One , "  Defiance "  Trion Worlds  , features a unique tie-in with a new sci-fi TV series , where what happens on the show can affect what happens in the game . What we wo n't see at E3 For all the hype and excitement about E3 announcements , there are some notable titles and companies that are choosing to bypass this year 's event . The makers of "  BioShock Infinite , " one of the most highly anticipated games for 2012 , were originally scheduled to show off new gameplay and features . But the game 's release was pushed back to February 2013 , and creative director Ken Levine said the next time people will see the game is when it 's ready to go in the box for delivery . "  Grand Theft Auto V , " the latest in the blockbuster urban action series , also may skip E3 . Rockstar , developer for the game , said it has no plans for the show , although some watchers speculate that could change at the last minute . Despite persistent rumors , Valve Software has said it does n't expect to reveal any new hardware -- or popular games such as "  Half-Life 3 " or "  Portal 3 " -- next week . But Valve does plan to attend E3 , and misdirection from gaming companies has been known to occur before the show . By next week at this time , we 'll know much more about the best gaming has to offer for the next 12 months . Gamers , what are you hoping to see at E3 ? And what are you most looking forward to later this year ?	The annual Electronic Entertainment Expo kicks off Monday in Los Angeles Nintendo will demonstrate its forthcoming Wii U gaming system On the software front for the Xbox 360 , "  Halo 4 " will be showcased in a four-hour event
CNN  Photographers often go to bizarre lengths to earn the confidence of their subjects . Just ask Thomas Roma , who got on his knees and howled his way into the heart of a pit bull mix named Violet at a dog park in Brooklyn , New York . Something had to be done . Each time Roma showed up , Violet charged at him , barking and occasionally nipping at his legs . One day , Roma knelt down next to her and started to howl "  like a wolf , " he said . She stopped "  dead in her tracks " and joined him , starting a ritual that persists today . "  She matched me howl for howl , and immediately after that she just loved me , " Roma said . Violet was one of many canine friends Roma made at Dyker Beach Park , where he spent three years shooting what he calls the most unexpected work of his career . The 64-year-old says he has spent most of his life looking through the viewfinder , "  hoping to be surprised " by what he saw . "  Mondo Cane "  "  A Dog 's Life "  stands out in his oeuvre thanks to its perspective . To take the photos of the dogs and their shadows , he would mount a camera to the end of a pole , raising it up to 7 feet . "  The pleasure of it was learning new skills after all these years being a photographer , " he said . "  And the dogs are just running around like maniacs . That 's what 's so great about it . " Response to "  Mondo Cane " also has been unusual , he said . The photos are being exhibited and sold in galleries in New York , Rome and Tokyo before he has had a chance to edit them into a book . That 's a first in a career that began in the 1970s , when Roma left his job as a Wall Street trader to focus full-time on a hobby . Not that he 's been struggling for recognition . He is a two-time Guggenheim fellow , and his work has been exhibited around the world and published in 13 books . As Columbia University 's director of photography since 1996 , he has also earned the admiration of many students , including one who started a Tumblr , "  S *** t My Photography Professor Says , " dedicated to his "  legitimately insane " and "  legitimately brilliant " classroom rants . Roma and his wife , Anna , started bringing their standard poodle to Dyker Beach Park about nine years ago , when Tino was just a puppy . Prospect Park was closer , but dogs have to be kept on leashes there , Roma said . At Dyker Beach , located in the southwest corner of Brooklyn near the Verrazano Bridge , Tino could roam free . Roma did n't start photographing the dogs until 2011 , when he was nearly finished with another project and started fretting over what was next . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . One day , as the sun streamed unimpeded across the park , casting long canine shadows , he had a revelation . "  There was something about the primal nature of the shadows of these little lovable pets of ours . Their shadows , I felt , revealed a wilder side of their nature , " he said . "  They immediately struck me as something like cave drawings . " The powdery layer of dust on the ground made for a fresh canvas each day , Roma said . When he arrived in the morning , the wind had blown it smooth . As the hours went by , tracks from dogs and people brought to life new texture and form . "  What was interesting to me is I was essentially photographing the ground , " he said . "  I would find interesting patches of ground and call the dogs over or follow them and get picture of what was actually there . " He stopped photographing there last year when the city renovated the park , tearing up the ground and putting down a new surface . It 's actually better for the dogs and their owners . It 's less dusty , and Tino still gets to hang out with Violet and the rest of their friends . But it effectively ended Roma 's project . "  It 's a beautiful pebbled surface , " he said . "  I could see taking a few pictures but I think I would get bored pretty quickly . " Thomas Roma is an American photographer and professor at Columbia University . You can follow him on Twitter .	Thomas Roma 's photos look at dogs and their shadows from above He spent three years taking photos at a dog park in Brooklyn , New York "  Their shadows , I felt , revealed a wilder side of their nature , " Roma said
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Robert Plant and Alison Krauss . Once upon a time , the iconic lead singer of Led Zeppelin and the golden girl of bluegrass would never have been mentioned in the same sentence . Alison Krauss and Robert Plant 's "  Raising Sand " was an unlikely collaboration that won five Grammys . But since they won five Grammy awards -- including album of the year for their surprising collaboration , "  Raising Sand " -- their names have been inextricably linked : RobertPlantandAlisonKrauss . If they were 20 years old and ran in Hollywood circles , tabloids might be calling them Robekrauss or Aliplant . Plant , however , is 60 -- in fantastic shape , and with a full head of the golden ringlets that became his trademark during the 1970s . At 37 , Krauss is elegant and ethereal . And while both are dead serious when talking about their craft , the rest of the time , they 're like two silly junior high kids -- he , the charming prankster with a secret crush , and she , the beautiful prom queen who pretends not to be amused . Clearly , they 're both having the time of their lives , and are excited about their current musical journey -- which pushes each out of their respective comfort zones and into new territory . Now , he 's a little bit country and she 's a little bit rock 'n' roll . Watch Plant and Krauss rib each other " I compliment Krauss on her hair as a stylist touches her up . "  It 's not mine , " she whispers . Two feet away , Plant clears his throat loudly and points to his own golden locks . "  Why , your hair looks lovely , too , Robert , " I say . "  Well , you know who I am , " he replies . We are in Coldplay 's vacated dressing room , two nights before Plant and Krauss swept the evening at the 51st annual Grammy Awards . This is an excerpt from our conversation in the basement of Staples Center in Los Angeles the night of their rehearsal . CNN : First of all , this is the screwiest collaboration I had ever heard of . How did this happen ? Robert Plant : It 's just sheer luck , really . I never sang with anybody before , you know -- only once ever in my life , on "  Led Zep IV " with Sandy Denny -LSB- the late English folk singer , in 1971 -RSB- . So this is a whole new thing . I 've also been coming to the United States for 40 years -- you would n't believe it looking at me -- and I 've never worked with Americans ! This is all brand new for me . Alison Krauss : Were we both nervous ? We both were . We thought , "  What are we going to do in there ? " We went into the studio originally saying , "  We 'll give it three days and see what it 's like . " Plant : Alison 's reputation is 24 karat , and I 'm an old rock 'n' roll singer . Even the band was kind of going , "  Oh wow , how is this going to work ? " It was great when we kicked in together , and I could just feel the room -- I do n't want to say it , but the room lifted ! CNN : Musically , you 're polar opposites . How did you blend your different perspectives ? Plant : As we got started , it was Alison 's world . She knew how she wanted to proceed , and we exchanged a lot of ideas musically . And then we both agreed that because we both produced records ourselves , that we needed an intermediary to guide -- somebody to separate us , or to make the journey more clear . And Alison knew T Bone Burnett from "  O Brother , Where Art Thou , " and he kindly enlisted for the gig , and he brought a lot of great songs to the show . CNN : You challenged one another to sing in different ways than you 're used to . Plant : When she goes up for these wailing notes on stage , that 's where I want her to go with this new project -- occasionally visit these places where she lets rip , and just lets it really come out . Krauss  melodramatically  : It 's just reckless abandon ! It 's just crazy ! Plant : I do n't know why I 'm being so serious . She just kicks ass and nobody knew it ! CNN : Now this is all making sense . With Alison , it 's letting go , and with you , Robert , it 's kind of containing things . Plant : I 'm being bullied , basically . Pushed around . CNN : But you like it . Admit it , you love it . Plant : Oh , I do ! I have n't even gotten off to being bullied enough yet . CNN : Did you have this much fun working with Zeppelin ? Plant : I ca n't remember . Honestly , I have n't got a clue . I was a totally different guy then . It was 28 years ago . I did n't look as good as I do now , and I did n't share the couch with another Leo . CNN : Alison , did you listen to Led Zeppelin growing up ? Krauss : We all have , yeah .  Plant is shaking his head and mouthing the word "  No . "  My brother was and is such a huge fan of the band , and I remember growing up and he would be in his bedroom yelling about the records and how great they were . CNN : Robert , were you familiar with Alison 's work ? Plant : Yeah , to some degree , but not as intensely as I became . And also , I did n't understand the history of where Alison 's from -LSB- bluegrass -RSB- , and has been since she was a child . In fact , both of us can sit there talking about music , and neither of us can recognize the artists we 're referring to . It 's amazing . I mean , all the rock 'n' roll , and black Mississippi and Chicago stuff that I go raving on about , she 's going , "  Hmm . " Krauss : I did n't grow up on that , yeah . CNN : Has he made you listen to his music collection ? Plant : We share . Krauss : I bring bluegrass . It 's the same people . Same blue-collar people . Just one was south of the Delta , and one was Virginia and Tennessee and North Carolina . So we 've got lots in common -- but it 's the presentation and the whole musicality of it that 's different . CNN : Your collaboration has worked out so well that you 're back in the studio in Nashville , working on a second album together . Plant : We 'd like to keep it going . CNN : Do you think there 's going to be an album No. 3 , and an album No. 4 ? Plant : I 'd have to move to Nashville , would n't I ? CNN : Or she moves to England . Plant  to Krauss  : Could you stand the climate ? Krauss : I 'll get a heating pad . Plant : And a season ticket for Wolverhampton Wanderers football club . That 's important . CNN : You gained a lot of fans with this project , but there are those Led Zeppelin diehards who 've been holding their breath for a reunion tour -- especially since you reunited for the Ahmet Ertegun tribute concert at Wembley in 2007 . Plant : Well , we had a really good night , and we had great rehearsals , and it was very emotional -- and if you like , quite elevating . But it was the right thing to do to do it that way . There 's no bandwagon . We 've already been around the world , and did what we did when we were young men . CNN : That sounds like a man who 's looking forward , and not back . Plant : Only last week , I was being grilled again by Alison to get into shape and get it right . And that 's fantastic ! I really want that . I do n't want to go around , everybody thinking , "  That 's what he did . " Because this is what I do , and every day , it should be more interesting . CNN : And in the meantime , you 've been recognized by the Grammys . Plant : We 've already won by doing this . We 've brought our gifts , and we 've shared them , and the whole surrounding musically is so beautiful , that that 's our reward . The fact that it worked . The fact that it was n't some embarrassing moment of two people trying something out , and saying goodbye , and then meeting at a party years later and saying , "  Oh , Christ , there 's Alison Krauss ! Oh , no ! "	Robert Plant , Alison Krauss collaborated on "  Raising Sand " Duo confesses they were nervous working together , but it worked Album won album of the year at Grammys Plant on Led Zeppelin reunion : 2007 show was "  emotional , " but that 's probably it
New York  CNN  -- A Bronx woman accused of a charity scam after the Connecticut school shooting was indicted Tuesday on charges of scheming to defraud and identity theft , according to prosecutors . Nouel Alba , 37 , is accused of falsely claiming to be an aunt of Noah Pozner , one of the 20 schoolchildren killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown in December , the Bronx District Attorney 's Office said in a news release . On a Facebook page , she posted photos of Noah and solicited donations to pay for his funeral , the statement said . Donors sent $ 240 to a PayPal account between December 14 and 20 , the statement said . Alba was arrested at her home and was arraigned by Judge Martin Marcus , who set bail at $ 10,000 , the district attorney 's office said . Alba 's attorney , Justine Olderman , was not immediately available for comment Tuesday . The charges of scheming to defraud and identity theft carry sentences of up to four years in prison after conviction . Alba was indicted and charged on December 27 with one count of making false statements to federal agents . That charge carries a maximum term of five years in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 , prosecutors said . Alba denied being involved in a scam during an appearance on CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 in December . "  This says -- this has your e-mail on it . Right there , " said CNN investigative producer David Fitzpatrick . "  This is about Noah Pozner 's funeral . " "  I never sent that , " Alba replied . Later in the interview , Alba identified one of her e-mail accounts presented by Fitzpatrick . "  Yeah , that 's one of my Gmails . ... Yeah , my personal account , " she said during the interview . "  But I never set up any funds for anybody . " CNN reports spurred the Bronx district attorney 's investigation , its news release said . Noah , 6 , 19 other children and six adults were shot to death at the Newtown school on December 14 . The gunman , Adam Lanza , 20 , killed himself after the rampage .	Bronx woman posed as aunt of Sandy Hook victim , district attorney says Nouel Alba , 37 , posted photos of Noah Pozner , 6 , solicited donations , prosecutors say Donors sent $ 240 to a PayPal account for his funeral , prosecutors say Noah , 19 other kids and six adults were killed at Connecticut school in December
CNN  -- Start-ups often keep the "  beta test phase " label on their products for a time after the official launch to stress that the product is not finished so much as ready for the next batch of improvements . Gmail , for example , launched in 2004 but only left official beta in 2009 , after millions of people were already using it . Jeff Bezos , founder/CEO of Amazon , concludes every annual letter to shareholders by reminding readers , as he did in his first annual letter in 1997 , that "  it 's still Day 1 " of the internet and of Amazon.com . For entrepreneurs , "  finished " is an F-word , because they know that great companies are always evolving . "  Finished " ought to be an F-word for all of us . Because when it comes to our career , we are all works in progress . Each day presents an opportunity to learn more , do more , be more , grow more , often in unexpected or unpredictable ways . Keeping your career in permanent beta forces you to acknowledge that you have bugs , that there 's new development to do on yourself , that you will need to adapt and evolve . It is a lifelong commitment to continuous personal and professional growth . Entrepreneurs penetrate the fog of the unknown by testing their products , and their hypotheses , through trial and error . Any entrepreneur  and any expert on cognition/learning  will tell you that practical knowledge is best developed by doing , not just thinking or planning . In the early days of LinkedIn , the plan was to have members invite their trusted connections by email -- an invitation mechanism that would fuel membership growth . But it turned out that the best way to enable viral spread was actually to enable members to upload their address books and see who else was on the service already . For careers , too , you do n't know what the best plan is until you try . Lunging at the first well-paid and/or high-status job you come upon may offer immediate gratification , but it wo n't get you any closer to building a meaningful career . See also : Why ambition could make you rich , but not happy The business professor Clayton Christensen once told graduating students at Harvard Business School , "  If you study the root causes of business disasters , over and over you 'll find  a  predisposition toward endeavors that offer immediate gratification . " At the same time , though , do n't do the opposite and think ahead too far in the future . Again , you will change , the world will change , the competition will change . Entrepreneurs deal with these uncertainties , changes , and constraints head-on . They take stock of their assets , aspirations and the market realities to develop a competitive advantage . They craft flexible , iterative plans . They build a network of relationships throughout their industry that outlives their current venture . They aggressively seek and create breakout opportunities that involve focused risk , and actively manage that risk . They tap their network for the business intelligence to navigate tough challenges . And , they do these things from the moment they hatch that nascent idea to every day after that -- even as their companies go from being run out of a garage to occupying floors of office space . Companies act small to retain an innovative edge no matter how large they grow . That is why Steve Jobs famously called Apple the "  biggest start-up on the planet . " To succeed professionally in today 's world , you need to adopt this same permanent beta mindset . You need to stay young and agile . You need to draw up plans , but be nimble enough to stray from those plans when appropriate . You must be persistent in fulfilling your vision , but also be ready to shift course based on the changing demands of the job market or economic landscape . You must be ever evolving . See also : Is workplace boredom ` the new stress ? ' And in the same way that entrepreneurs are always improving and investing in their products , you need to always be improving and investing in yourself . Make a plan to develop skills and experiences that are broadly useful to potential other jobs . Writing skills , general management experience , technical and computer skills , people smarts , and international experience or language skills are examples of skills with what we call high option value -- that is , they are transferable to a wide range of possible options . Once you 've figured out which transferable skills to invest in , make a concrete action plan you can stick to , whether by signing up for a course or conference , or simply by pledging to spend one hour each week teaching yourself something . Begin on an experimental side project that you work on during some nights and weekends . Orient it around a skill or experience that is different but related to what you do now . Ideally , collaborate on this project with someone else in your network . Do whatever it takes to keep yourself relevant . Because winning careers , like winning start-ups , are in permanent beta : always a work in progress . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Reid Hoffman and Ben Casnocha .	Keeping your career in "  permanent beta " means continuous growth , say Reid Hoffman and Ben Casnocha Each day is an opportunity to learn more , do more , grow more , they say Just like entrepreneurs always improve their products , you need to always be improving yourself
CNN  -- Iran is more than a year away from developing a nuclear weapon , but that does not mean the United States will wait for it to become a reality , President Barack Obama said in an interview that aired Thursday on an Israeli television station . "  I have been crystal clear about my position on Iran possessing a nuclear weapon . That is a red line for us . It is not only something that would be dangerous for Israel . It would be dangerous for the world , " Obama told CNN affiliate Israeli Channel 2 TV before a scheduled visit next week to the country . " ... I 've also said there is a window -- not an infinite period time , but a window of time -- where we can resolve this diplomatically . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has repeatedly called on Obama to establish a clear line that Iran can not cross with its nuclear program , if it wants to avoid war . Obama has resisted such a move , and Netanyahu has shown growing impatience with what he has previously called a lack of clarity by the Obama administration on articulating red lines over Iran 's nuclear ambitions . U.S. intelligence officials have said they do not believe Iran has decided to develop a nuclear weapon , even as evidence continues to mount that the country is improving its ability to do so . No ` chest beating ' on Iran , but Obama issues challenge Iran denies that it aims to build a nuclear bomb , saying that its nuclear program is for energy and medical use . "  Right now , we think that it would take over a year or so for Iran to actually develop a nuclear weapon , " Obama told Channel 2 . The interview was conducted Wednesday in Washington , the channel said . "  But obviously , we do n't want to cut it too close . What we are going to do is to continue to engage internationally with Iran . " Obama also said he believes that the international economic sanctions , some of the "  strongest " ever imposed against Tehran , are having an effect on the country . "  They are not yet at the point , I think , where they 've made a fundamental decision to get right with the international community , " the president said . "  But I do think they are recognizing that there is a severe cost for them to continue down the path they are on and that there 's another door open . " Obama said his message to Netanyahu during his visit to Israel would be much the same as it has previously been . "  If we can resolve it diplomatically , that 's a more lasting solution . If not , I continue to keep all options on the table , " he said . When pushed during the interview to define those options , the president responded : "  When I say all options are on the table , all options are on the table . The United States obviously has significant capabilities . " He said the goal is to ensure that Iran does not develop a nuclear weapon that could threaten Israel or trigger a possible arms race in the region . Official : Cyberattacks top U.S. threats United States-Israel relationship Obama 's three-day visit to Israel next week is widely viewed as an opportunity for the president to relay the United States ' commitment to Israel and its security . It is his first trip to Israel since being elected president . He has visited the country three times , the last as a U.S. senator . The relationship between Netanyahu and Obama has been reportedly tense in large part because of their differences over major issues such as Iran 's nuclear development and the Israeli-Palestinian peace process . Obama downplayed the tension between the two leaders but conceded that relations between his administration and Netanyahu 's government have not always been sunny . "  There are conservative views both here in the United States and in Israel that may not jibe with mine , particularly when there is an election season coming up , " he said . During last year 's presidential election , Netanyahu and other Israeli officials painted Obama 's challenger , Mitt Romney , as a stronger proponent of Israel and its security . Israel 's new government excludes ultra-religious Israeli-Palestinian peace Obama said he plans to meet not only with Netanyahu and Israeli government but also with the Palestinian Authority 's president , Mahmoud Abbas , and its prime minister , Salam Fayyad . Obama has repeatedly said he backs a two-state solution . "  It 's not a matter of unilateral concessions . It 's a matter of both parties coming together and recognizing that their futures will be inextricably linked and that Israel will be safer , more secure , more prosperous , if the issue can be resolved , " he said . "  And , obviously , Israel ca n't resolve it by itself . But it ca n't stop trying . " U.S. commander says Iran sanctions not working American spy Obama also is likely to face questions during his visit about the possible release of convicted spy Jonathan Pollard , a U.S. citizen sentenced to life in prison for giving American military secrets to Israel . Pollard was a civilian intelligence analyst for the U.S. Navy when he was arrested in 1985 on charges that he provided secrets to the Israelis . He pleaded guilty to one count of espionage . The Israeli government , which has acknowledged that Pollard was its spy , granted him citizenship and has been lobbying for his release . But while he is considered a patriot by the Israeli government , Pollard has been turned down for clemency by Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush . "  I have no plans of releasing Jonathan Pollard immediately , " Obama said during the interview . The president also did not commit to reviewing the case other than to ensure that Pollard , as a U.S. citizen , is "  accorded the same kind of review " given to all Americans . Iran , world powers agree to expert talks on Tehran 's nuclear program	NEW : Obama says reports of tense relationship with Israeli leader Netanyahu are overblown NEW : The president says a two-state solution is the answer for Israeli security NEW : Obama says he has no immediate plans of releasing convicted spy Jonathan Pollard Obama says he 's been ` crystal clear ' on Iran 's possession of a nuclear weapon
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Polish authorities in Pakistan say they are monitoring local reports that Taliban militants have executed a kidnapped Polish engineer . Pakistani Taliban militants offer prayers in Mamouzai area of Orakzai Agency in November . Piotr Stancza was kidnapped September 28 from the city of Attock in Punjab province . Stancza had been based there for a Polish survey company searching for natural gas . Local reports and TV station Dawn News reported Stancza 's execution Saturday . Polish Embassy spokesman Peter Adams said his offices were aware of local media reports but were waiting to hear officially from Pakistani authorities . He said all efforts had been made by Polish authorities to pressure the Pakistani government to do whatever it could to secure Stancza 's release . "  From the Polish side , we did whatever we could , pressuring the Pakistani government on the presidential and prime minister level , " Adams said . "  Problem was , this was solely Pakistan 's responsibility . Demands were only towards -LSB- the -RSB- Pakistan government . " Adams said there had been no demands for ransom . The Taliban had demanded the release of Taliban prisoners being held by the government and a pullout of government security forces from the tribal areas . Although there were assurances that the Pakistani government was doing everything it could and that Stancza would be freed soon , Adams said it was never clear what the government was actually doing to secure his release . "  We are waiting for confirmation and waiting for any answer -LSB- about -RSB- how this happened and why did this happen , " Adams said . A spokesman for Pakistan 's interior ministry said that the reports of Stancza 's death have yet to be confirmed and that the case of his kidnapping was a high priority for the government . Shahid Ullah Baig said the government had been working hard to retrieve Stancza unharmed but did not give details . "  The Pakistan government is doing its level best to secure his release , " he said , adding , "  Human life is more important to us than anything else . " Kidnappings and attacks against foreigners have risen sharply in recent months throughout the country . Most recently , an American working for the United Nations was kidnapped in Quetta , and Peshawar has been the scene of various attacks against foreign diplomats and journalists .	Piotr Stancza kidnapped September 28 from Attock in Punjab province Polish authorities in Pakistan checking local reports Taliban had demanded release of prisoners , pullout of forces
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The former California home and headquarters of civil rights and labor leader Cesar E. Chavez was added to the National Register of Historic Places , U.S. Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar announced Thursday . Nuestra Señora Reina de la Paz  La Paz  served as the headquarters of the Chavez 's United Farm Workers of America  UFW  and his residence during his last 22 years , from 1971 to 1993 . The structure is located in the Tehachapi Mountains of Kern County , California . "  Cesar Chavez is one of the heroes of the 20th century , leading a nonviolent movement that improved working conditions for agricultural workers and bettered the lives of thousands of Hispanic men and women and other minorities throughout the United States , " Salazar said in a statement . "  By adding La Paz , now known as the National Chavez Center , to the National Register of Historic Places , we are honoring his legacy and inviting Americans to learn more about the life and work of this extraordinary man . " Added Paul F. Chavez , Cesar Chavez 's middle son and president of the Cesar Chavez Foundation : "  For my father , La Paz was a personal refuge from bitter struggles in agricultural valleys and big cities , a spiritual harbor where he recharged batteries , drew fresh inspiration and prepared for the battles ahead . "  It was a place where many dedicated people spent years of their lives working with Cesar Chavez for social justice , inspiring generations of Americans from all walks of life who never worked on a farm to social and political activism , " the son said .	Labor leader Chavez 's residence is called Nuestra Señora Reina de la Paz It was also the headquarters of his farm worker movement It is located in the Tehachapi Mountains of Kern County , California
CNN  -- Laurent Blanc stood down as coach of the French national team Saturday in the wake of their quarterfinal exit at Euro 2012 . A statement on the French Football Federation  FFF  website confirmed he would not be renewing his contract after two years in charge of Les Bleus . The FFF said Blanc had contacted their president , Noel Le Graet , to inform him of the decision . The executive committee of the FFF will meet Tuesday to begin their hunt for a successor ahead of the qualifying campaign for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . The 46-year-old Blanc took over from the much criticized Raymond Domenech after the disastrous French showing in the 2010 World Cup in South Africa where a player strike and an exit at the group stages proved a national humiliation . The former Bordeaux coach , who was a key player in France 's 1998 World Cup triumph and their victory at the 2000 European championships , appeared to have restored their fortunes going into Euro 2012 . But an unbeaten 23-match run was ended with a 2-0 defeat to Sweden in their final group match , leaving them to face defending champions Spain in the quarterfinals . Reports of a dressing room row after that defeat was hardly the best preparation for the last eight clash which ended in another 2-0 reverse . Manchester City 's Samir Nasri reacted angrily to that setback in media interviews and he is facing disciplinary action by the FFF . Blanc 's departure has followed , having survived a scandal in April 2011 when he allegedly favored the introduction of race quotas on the number of dual nationality players at France 's national youth training centers . He was exonerated of any wrong-doing after appearing before a joint hearing of the FFF and the French Sports Ministry , but he faced criticism from ex-teammates Lilian Thuram and Patrick Vieira . Former Lyon coach Paul Le Guen and Didier Deschamps , a former French captain , have been touted as possible successors to Blanc , who is set to return to club management .	Laurent Blanc stands down as coach of French national team French federation announce he will not be renewing his contract France made a tame quarterfinal exit to Spain at Euro 2012 Reports of rifts in camp echoes of disastrous 2010 World Cup campaign
CNN  -- Imagine a woman dying under a rain of stones while buried in the ground to the top of her breasts . Imagine faceless figures throwing stones at her . Imagine her last thoughts , wishes and dreams . Imagine her hoping to magically survive this brutal punishment . Imagine her children watching her bleed and moan as people throw stones with ignorance and cruelty . Imagine this nightmare taking place under the present-day laws of a country . Imagine a country where lawyers , journalists , human rights and women 's rights advocates who courageously speak out against unjust laws often face grave consequences such as detention or exile . Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , a 43-year-old woman , had been sentenced to be stoned -- although after an international outcry , Iran has issued a statement saying she will not be punished in that way . Over the past 31 years , many have suffered such inhumane punishment in Iran . With the establishment of the Islamic Republic in 1979 , Islamic fundamentalism took over the laws of the country . Consequently , women and the right to their bodies became the focus of the Islamic laws in Iran . In other words , fundamentalist rulers of Iran have claimed as their own , the inherent right of a woman to her body . The Islamic Penal Code of Iran specifies stoning as the punishment for a married woman or man found guilty of adultery . And legislators set ruthless conditions for carrying out the stoning , including that the pebbles used should be big enough to kill the victim , but not so large that they kill him/her too quickly . As a lawyer and women 's rights advocate who practiced law in the Islamic Republic for 22 years , I have worked on numerous stoning cases . Once during my career I took a risk and personally approached a young cleric who was the judge of one of my stoning cases and asked , "  Do n't you think this cruel and inhumane law of stoning should be changed ? " The young judge looked at me with compassion and pity and said , "  Sister , do n't you utter this statement somewhere else ! Stoning is a verdict set by God . The earthly human can not change a verdict set by God . " I never understood how the merciful God who is said to have created the humankind would treat its creatures with such a degree of malice . In a situation where people are enslaved by ruthless laws , human rights and women 's rights advocates began to ask for help from the international community . Each time someone is sentenced to stoning , human rights and women 's rights advocates coordinate efforts to remind the world of the unjust laws in Iran . They remind the world that a form of corporal punishment as severe as stoning is the denial of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , or ICCPR , to which Iran is a signatory . In fact , Article 6  2  of ICCPR explicitly states that the death sentence is to be imposed only for the most serious crimes . Not only does Iran not abide by this article , it continues to issue stoning orders as a sign of obstinacy against the people of Iran -- who never witnessed a single case of stoning in modern times before the Islamic Revolution of 1979 -- and the international community . In spite of the efforts of human rights and women 's rights advocates to raise awareness about the systematic and comprehensive violations of human rights in Iran , stoning remains a legitimate punishment for adultery in the Islamic Penal Code . One of the critical challenges that further facilitates the violations of human rights in Iran is that the international community is mainly focused on the nation 's nuclear program rather than the human rights situation . The world owes to the Sakinehs of Iran a reconsideration of its priorities in regard to the Islamic Republic . The time has come for the international community to seriously hold it accountable for the unacceptable violations of human rights against its citizens . People and organizations in the United States and other nations should make it their explicit goal to work toward spreading the word about what goes on in Iran , condemning it in international forums and supporting those Iranians who , inside or abroad , try to speak out against these violations . What we hope to see is that the human rights situation becomes a top priority of U.S. diplomatic work towards eventual negotiations with Iran . For as long as the world neglects the human rights situation in Iran , more women and men will have to face their horrifying destiny , as determined by unjust laws , all alone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the co-authors .	After international protests , Iran issued a statement saying a woman would not be stoned to death Mehrangiz Kar , Azadeh Pourzand say others have suffered the horrific punishment They say Islamic Republic leaders defend practice as a divine verdict Co-authors : World should give priority to opposing human rights abuses by Iran
CNN  -- People hurled stones and eggs at the Kosovan prime minister 's convoy this week , a spurt of violence just days before the one-time Serbian province holds its first elections since declaring independence . The flare-up Wednesday targeted Prime Minister Hashim Thaci in the western town of Decan . It unsettled the Balkan country and international officials looking forward to peaceful local elections on Sunday in a land scarred by conflict and now slowly on the mend . There will be races in 36 municipalities for mayors and assembly members , with more than 1.5 million people eligible to vote . December 13 has been set as the day for any second round of mayoral elections that may be needed . "  Intervening in the election process is a serious violation and criminal acts which are politically incited will be prosecuted by relevant legal bodies , " said the Kosovo government in a statement posted on Thaci 's Web site . While saying the campaign season has been "  largely free of violence , " the U.S. Embassy in Pristina , Kosovo 's capital , noted the disturbance "  with distress " and called on "  political leaders , parties and activists to refrain from all violence and provocations . " Kosovo has long been a restive province of Serbia with a majority ethnic Albanian population . The Kosovo government estimates the country 's population at more than two million , with an estimated 92 percent Albanian , 5.3 percent Serbs , and 2.7 percent other groups . Serbian-Albanian sectarian tension boiled over as the former Yugoslavia broke up in the 1990s . After the brutal civil war in Kosovo in the late 1990s , which pitched Kosovo Albanian insurgents against Serb security forces and Belgrade-backed Kosovo Serb paramilitaries , the country began operating under a U.N. mission and a NATO-led peacekeeping force . As the aggressor , Serbia under Slobodan Milosevic had endured months of intense NATO bombing . Milosevic later died after a heart attack as he awaited trial at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia  ICTY  in the Hague . The ethnic-Albanian majority eventually declared the province independent in February 2008 , but Serbia and many ethnic Serbs staunchly opposed the move . They regard Kosovo as Serbian territory and refuse to recognize its sovereignty . Next month , at the International Court of Justice , Serbia is expected to challenge Kosovo 's independence -- recognized by the United States and other countries and entities . There also has been talk of an election boycott by the minority Serbian population , with the logic being that participation would be a tacit recognition of Kosovo 's independence . But Kosovo and its backers in the international community want the native Serbs to embrace the new country . President Fatmir Sejdiu hailed a call from 100 Serb intellectuals urging Kosovo Serbs to take part in the elections and countered those Serbian voices he says are discouraging Kosovo Serbs from going to the polls . "  I invite all the members of Serb community who are citizens and residents of Kosovo to get involved in all fields of social and public lives . This would be to the benefit of us all , to the benefit of each family and to the benefit of all citizens , " he said Thursday . International officials are heartened by the participation of many non-Albanian entities -- such as political parties and independent candidates . The election commission says of the 74 certified political entities in the races , 34 are Albanian , 22 Serbian , and the rest various other ethnicities -- Bosnian , Turkish , Ashkali , Montenegrin , Egyptian , Gorani , and Roma . U.S. Ambassador to Kosovo Christopher W. Dell says there 's a "  growing recognition " of the elections ' benefits . He cites the goal of decentralization , an effort to give Albanians , Serbs and others the power "  to assume responsibility for organizing themselves , for running their own local governments . " "  I believe the November elections are a critical opportunity for the Kosovo Serb community to assume much greater control of the day-to-day running of their own lives in ways that really matter , " Dell said in a speech last month . And there is optimism as well about the significance of the election process . It 's the first time Kosovo is organizing any elections itself , Dell said , with Kosovo and its Central Election Commission -- not the United Nations or the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe -- "  running the show . " Edita Bucaj , acting spokeswoman for the Kosovo mission of the OSCE , told CNN that the "  general impression is that the campaign has been relatively calm . " The OSCE -- which had been organizing all elections in Kosovo since 2000 and now provides technical support and advice to Kosovo 's Central Election Commission , "  would certainly like to see an orderly process without incident on Sunday , " Bucaj said . Janusz Bugajski -- who holds the Lavrentis Lavrentiadis chair and is director of the New European Democracies Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington -- said the "  local elections are politically and internationally significant in the evolution of the new state . " In remarks published by CSIS on Thursday , Bugajski said Kosovo has growing pains , the kind "  newly emergent states " have in their early stages . He cites "  inadequate administrative capabilities , limited oversight of governmental bodies , and inability to deliver essential services to the citizens . " "  Kosovo also has additional problems in that Pristina does not control the entire territory , has a rudimentary security structure , and remains largely dependent on international institutions , " he said . But , Bugajski said , the elections "  will indicate Kosovo 's commitment to democratic principles " and help opponents of Kosovo 's independence realize "  that a stable emerging democracy at the heart of the Balkans contributes to regional stability . " And , keeping radicalism at bay during "  difficult economic times " will be the country 's "  major challenge in the year ahead . " "  A free and fair election in a competitive political climate is the most effective way to demonstrate that Kosovo seeks to be a full member of the international community , " he said .	More than 1.5 million people are eligible to vote in 36 municipalities for mayors and assembly members in Kosovo Kosovo has long been a restive province of Serbia with a majority ethnic Albanian population Serbs and ethnic-Albanians fought a brutal war in the late 1990s , which ended after NATO bombing of Serbia Ethnic-Albanians eventually declared the province independent in February 2008 , but Serbia opposed the move
CNN  Arsenal crashed out of the Champions League at the last 16 stage for the fifth time in succession after falling agonizingly short in Monaco . The Premier League side recorded a 2-0 victory on the night but went out on away goals after the tie finished level at 3-3 on aggregate . Monaco , which won 3-1 in the first leg , was overwhelmed for much of the contest and was fortunate to escape without being dumped out of the competition . Olivier Giroud 's first half strike and Aaron Ramsey 's 79th minute effort ensured a tense finale but the visiting side was unable to find a winner . No team had ever overcome a two-goal first leg deficit away from home in the Champions League and progressed -- but Arsenal 's first half display gave it hope . Giroud , who has often been criticized this season for failing to take his chances , lashed in from close range with nine minutes of the first half remaining . Ramsey , a substitute , drove the ball into the net after Theo Walcott 's effort had struck the post and Monaco 's defenders hesitated . Giroud had a chance late on to cap a dramatic fightback but his effort was saved on the line . "  The best team went through , " Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker told ITV . "  Monaco deserved it because they played much better in the first leg . We played well today but it was a massive deficit , and it was n't enough tonight . "  We came here and tried absolutely everything , and when you look at the game we could have scored more than two . "  Monaco deserve it and that 's absolutely fine . They caused a lot of problems away from home . We have to admit that we regret the first game . "  But if we continue to play like that we 'll do well in the FA Cup and the league . But play as badly as we did in the first game and you 're out of the Champions League . Monaco deserved it . " Arsenal 's exit means Manchester City is England 's sole representative remaining in the competition . It faces Barcelona on Wednesday needing to overturn a 2-1 deficit . Monaco , which which the final in 2004 , joins Paris Saint-Germain in the quarterfinals .	Arsenal out of the Champions League despite 2-0 win at Monaco Premier League club exits on away goals Olivier Giroud and Aaron Ramsey on target for visiting team Monaco won first leg 3-1 in London
Turkish authorities ' use of live ammunition , tear gas , beatings and sexual assaults to crush street protests earlier this year constitute "  human rights violations on a massive scale , " according to a report by human rights watchdog Amnesty International . Amnesty documented cases of Turkish riot police firing plastic bullets and tear gas canisters at the heads of protesters . It also accused police of sexually abusing female demonstrators and of severely beating and shooting protesters with live ammunition , resulting in the deaths of two men in separate incidents . The report , released Wednesday , focused on the turmoil that erupted in May and June , when police tried to put down an environmentalist sit-in . Demonstrators had staged an Occupy Wall Street-style protest over government plans to demolish Istanbul 's Gezi Park and replace it with a shopping mall . "  The levels of violence used by police in the course of Gezi Park protests clearly show what happens when poorly trained , poorly supervised police officers are instructed to use force -- and encouraged to use it unsparingly -- safe in the knowledge that they are unlikely ever to be identified or prosecuted for their abuses , " said Amnesty International 's Turkey expert , Andrew Gardner . The Turkish government has launched an investigation into the possible excess use of force . At least one police officer from a counter-terrorism unit is standing trial along with other suspects for beating a protester named Ali Ismail Korkmaz in the Turkish city of Eskisehir . The 19-year-old university student later died as a result of his injuries . Government announces democratic reforms Amnesty International 's report emerged two days after the Turkish government unveiled a long-awaited series of reforms , which the rights group said fails "  to address these violations or to take any serious steps to ensure that they will not occur in the future . " Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan applauded what he called the "  democratization package , " declaring it a historic moment for the country . The legislation lifts the ban on women wearing Islamic headscarves in public institutions . However , women serving as police officers , judges or military personnel are still not allowed to wear headscarves . The reforms also removed the ban on teaching the Kurdish language , and ended the ban of the Kurdish letters "  q , " "  x " and "  w , " which do not exist in the Turkish alphabet . However , Kurdish can only be taught in private schools , even though it is the language spoken by Turkey 's largest ethnic minority . Another change called for expanding the definition and punishment for hate crimes committed on the basis of ethnicity or religious belief . The democratization package quickly inspired a chorus of criticism from a wide range of ethnic , religious and political groups . "  This is more of an election package , " said Sebahat Tuncel , a lawmaker from the main Kurdish opposition party , referring to municipal elections expected to be held in 2014 . "  This package could have lifted the obstacles to democratization . It could have lifted barriers to freedom of the press , to freedom of expression and amended the anti-terror laws , " Tuncel added . Thousands of Kurds have been arrested in recent years , accused of collaborating with the Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  , whose militants have been fighting a guerrilla war for the past 30 years against the Turkish state . Erdogan 's government has tried to bring an end to the simmering conflict by launching negotiations with jailed PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan . The peace talks have prompted some of the PKK 's thousands of fighters to voluntarily leave Turkey for neighboring Iraq . Meanwhile , women 's groups and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transsexual activists are upset that the reforms did not include reference to hate crimes committed on the basis of gender or sexual orientation . Though Erdogan offered to create a cultural institute for Turkey 's Roma minority and promised to return a government-seized monastery to the Assyrian Christians , he stopped short of reopening the Halki Seminary , which traditionally educated the country 's top Greek Orthodox clergy . For decades , members of Turkey 's dwindling Greek community , as well as many Western governments , have called for Turkey to lift its ban on Halki . "  I think it is a step forward and the government says more will come , " wrote Suat Kiniklioglu , a former lawmaker from Erdogan 's ruling Justice and Development Party  AKP  , in an e-mail to CNN . "  However , the real issue in Turkey is political and cultural polarization . I wish the package would address issues such as freedom of expression and pluralism . " Turkish president calls for reform Turkey 's president warned about the threats this polarization posed in an address before the Turkish parliament Tuesday . "  I viewed the peaceful demonstrations of the young people at Gezi Park ... as a new manifestation of our democratic maturity , " said Abdullah Gul . Gul argued that Turkey still had a long way to go in its democratization process . "  The effective and efficient operation of executive , legislative and judicial powers ; the existence of a serious , constructive and strong opposition ; a free , critical , impartial and independent media are of utmost importance for a country 's democratic development , " he said in his speech to lawmakers . Gul has been a loyal ally of Erdogan through the prime minister 's decade in office . But as his term in the largely symbolic post of president draws to a close , Gul has increasingly challenged some of Erdogan 's more controversial policies . The increasingly divergent political positions have prompted widespread speculation that Gul may be preparing to submit himself as a candidate to be the next prime minister of Turkey .	Police beat , shot , sexually abused protesters , rights group says The demonstrators wanted to keep a park from becoming a shopping mall The Turkish government has launched a probe of the alleged abuses
CNN  -- Tiger Woods offered glimpses of a return to the form that secured him 14-major championships as he fired an opening round 68 at the Bridgestone Invitational . Playing his first tournament for nearly three months after an injury lay-off , Woods finished day one in Ohio at two-under-par , six behind leader Adam Scott , of Australia . With three birdies and just one bogey Woods looked in good touch in his first competitive action since he dropped out of The Players Championship back in May . After his round he told Sky Sports : "  I felt good today , I hit the ball really flush . The hardest part was to control my distance . It was fun . "  I 've got much more speed and compression through impact and the ball is taking off . I was hitting numbers I have n't hit before . " Asked what he missed most about being away from the game he replied : "  The competition , by far . "  I 'm right there . Six back , three rounds to go I 'll keep plugging forward and playing my way round the golf course . It 's fun to be walking around pain free . " He fared much better than his playing partner , British Open champion Darren Clarke , who eagled the eighth hole but slumped to a seven-over round of 77 . Scott is one shot ahead of compatriot Jason Day , who finished the day on seven-under after a bogey-free 63 . American Nick Watney is third on five-under and nine players are a shot back on four-under , including Denmark 's Thomas Bjorn and American Stewart Cink . Phil Mickelson is on three-under . "  I really enjoy playing against the best golfers in the world on the biggest stage , " Day told the PGA Tour 's official web site . "  I 've always wanted to play on the big stage , and I 'm finally here . I just want to keep the year going in the right direction . I do n't want to go backwards . "  My putter was good all day . It felt like it was a boring kind of a game . It was down the middle , on the green , and every two or three holes was a birdie . " U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy , who said on Wednesday he is close to renewing his card on the PGA Tour in America , matched Woods with a round of two-under . On his potential return to the U.S. Tour he said : "  It 's something I 've thought about , especially after winning at Congressional . I 'd like to give it another go . "  Ninety-five percent of me wants to come over here , and it was just making sure everything is in place by next year to make sure that coming over here and playing is as easy as possible logistically , get a place over here and maybe spend three or four months at the start of the year here . " The world 's number one and two players , English duo Luke Donald and Lee Westwood , finished with opening round scores of 68 and 67 respectively .	Tiger Woods cards a two-under round of 68 on his return to golf Former world number one sits six shots off the lead at Bridgestone Invitational Australian Adam Scott leads the tournament on eight-under-par British Open champion Darren Clarke is joint last on seven-over
CNN  -- IKEA has recalled eight of its children 's wall-mounted lamps after one toddler died and another was injured , the Consumer Product Safety Commission said Wednesday . In each case , the lamp cord was pulled into the crib by the infant , creating the strangulation hazard . Both incidents took place in Europe . There are eight different models involved in the recall : a blue star , a yellow moon , a pink flower , a white flower , a red heart , green bug , a blue seashell and an orange seahorse . Customers who have one of the lamps should immediately check that the lamp and cord are out of reach of children and contact IKEA customer service to receive a repair kit free of charge , the retailer said . Customers can call IKEA toll-free at 888 966-4532 , or online at www.ikea-usa.com . There 's a recall link at the top of the page for more information . CNN 's Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	There are eight versions of the children 's wall-mounted lamps Consumers can get a free repair kit from IKEA The customer service number is : 888-966-4532 It can be reached online at www.ikea-usa.com
"  Server Not Found . " Those three ominous words -- especially for an organization in the highly competitive news business -- were seen on computer screens nationwide as customers tried to access The New York Times website this week . The newspaper 's site was crippled for more than 20 hours . A notorious group of hackers called the Syrian Electronic Army claimed responsibility . Beyond the crippling of one high-profile newspaper website , the incident has people asking broader questions about U.S. cybersecurity : How vulnerable are U.S. websites to attack ? Who are our potential cyberenemies ? Is there more to come ? The answers are n't comforting : Computer and homeland security experts now warn of a broader cyberwar if the U.S. launches military strikes on Syria . Frank Cilluffo , director of the Homeland Security Policy Institute at George Washington University , believes the Syrian Electronic Army will likely strike again -- and might have help . "  If they did work with some of their allies -- with Iran , if they were to get some support from China and Russia -- then the game changes quickly , " Cilluffo said . "  It escalates in terms of capability . " The Syrian Electronic Army might not be the most sophisticated gathering of hackers at the moment , but experts say its shown the ability to wreak plenty of havoc -- primarily with media outlets so far . Such attacks can be costly . In April , the group hacked the Twitter feed operated by the Associated Press and put out a fake message saying "  Breaking : Two Explosions in the White House and Barack Obama is injured . " That caused a brief panic , and stock markets plummeted temporarily . Helmi Noman , a researcher at the Munk School of Global Affairs ' Citizen Lab at the University of Toronto , predicts these hackers will look for more chances to exploit weaknesses in America 's cybergrids . "  It 's not what they want to do or could do ; it 's what are the available vulnerabilities out there , " said Noman . The Syrian Electronic Army has already ably demonstrated those soft spots -- and that 's by a possibly ragtag group that 's not considered particularly sophisticated in the hacking world . "  The Syrian Electronic Army is a murky , underground group that has made a name for itself by plastering pro-regime propaganda across some of the Internet 's most trafficked sites , " a U.S. official told CNN . "  It 's clearly a nuisance , but its tactics are n't all that sophisticated . And while the regime probably welcomes its efforts , Damascus is n't necessarily calling the shots . " "  It appears to be a loose collective of a few individuals , " said former hacker Marc Maiffret of the group , which supports Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Maiffret , who 's now chief technology officer for the cybersecurity firm Beyond Trust , also says these hackers might not have been in the game for that long . "  There 's been some information put out on the Internet that  some  could be even as young as 19-year-olds . " Whatever the age of its members , the Syrian Electronic Army has recently escalated its method of attacks . Previously , cybersecurity experts say , it would only go after the direct managers of the websites it was hacking , using phishing e-mail to attempt to trick those operators into revealing their login credentials . But earlier this month , the group targeted a search engine that directs traffic to CNN and The Washington Post . Security for the CNN.com and CNNi.com sites were not compromised . In the case of the Times attack , the Syrian group went after the larger connection chain . It 's called the Domain Name System . It connects you , when you type in "  CNN.com " or any other website , to the specific computer addresses where that content can be found . Experts say the hackers went after the managers of those connections ; in this case , a firm that works with a company called Melbourne IT . The hackers tricked employees of that firm into giving up their passwords . Once they did that , many people trying to access The New York Times website were steered instead to servers controlled by the Syrian Electronic Army . That makes more than The New York Times vulnerable . "  You could basically have your computer attacked , " said Maiffret . "  By hitting this unknown malicious website , if you had out-of-date software or out-of-date anti-virus , your computer could actually be compromised . "	The Syrian Electronic Army crippled The New York Times ' website earlier this week Experts now warn of a broader cyberwar if the U.S. launches military strikes on Syria Homeland security expert : "  Game changes quickly " if China or Russia get involved
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The driver of the limousine in which Princess Diana and her lover Dodi Fayed were killed spent time in a bar shortly before the 1997 Paris crash , a jury at an inquest into her death has heard . But the jury also watched video from security cameras at the Ritz that gives no outward sign that Henri Paul was drunk when the Mercedes he was driving crashed in an underpass while being chased by paparazzi , as both French and British police have concluded . Paul is seen squatting in the lobby of the hotel to tie his shoe laces , shifting his weight from one foot to another and rising steadily . He is also shown bounding up stairs two at a time . The jury has already heard that Paul ordered two Ricards - an aniseed spirit - that night after arriving at the hotel . The father of the princess 's lover Dodi Fayed , Ritz owner Mohamed al Fayed , says Paul was not drunk and that the samples were switched after the tragedy . Watch footage of Diana 's last hours " The purpose of the inquest , which is taking place in London , must decide whether the deaths of Diana and Dodi on August 31 , 1997 was an accident or murder . It is expected to be a six-month process . Al Fayed says Diana and his son were murdered because the British royal family "  could not accept that an Egyptian Muslim could eventually be step-father to the future king of England , " referring to Prince William , the son of Diana and her former husband , Prince Charles . The elaborate efforts of Diana and Dodi to give the paparazzi the slip in the minutes before the tragedy in the Pont de l'Alma tunnel were also shown in a new video . Jurors were shown second-by-second security footage of the couple 's efforts to escape the Ritz Hotel undetected . The images show how security staff choreographed a decoy exit in an effort to distract a swelling pack of press photographers and onlookers . But even as Diana and Dodi are led through the bowels of the hotel and out through a service doorway , paparazzi lie in wait . The security footage shows Diana , Dodi 's arm around her , standing for 10 minutes behind one exit , waititng for the all-clear to sprint to a car . At one point the princess delivers what appears to be a mock salute as she receives instructions from bodyguard Trevor Rees-Jones -- the sole survivor of the crash -- and Paul . The wait over , Diana , Dodi , Paul and Rees-Jones run to a awaiting Mercedes and are immediately surrounded by photographers . But as they leave the paparazzi give chase in cars and on motorcycles . Intriguingly , Paul was earlier seen waving to two photographers who had uncovered the plan to leave by the rear service entrance of the Ritz . On Wednesday previously unseen footage of Diana was shown to the jury . Images taken from a security camera at the Ritz show the 36-year-old smiling as she and Fayed , 42 , step into an elevator and later walk out of the hotel . Further footage shows Fayed visiting a jeweler 's shop , images that could lend support to claims that he was buying an engagement ring . Earlier , the coroner at the inquest said it may never be known for certain whether Diana was pregnant when she died . Lord Justice Scott Baker told the jury that scientific evidence might be unable to demonstrate "  one way or the other " whether she was in the early stages of pregnancy . But he said they would hear "  intimate " details of her personal life . Baker told the 11 members of the jury -- six women and five men -- Diana may have been on the contraceptive pill and that evidence she was poised to get engaged to Dodi on the night she died was contradictory . On Tuesday the judge , who is acting as coroner in the case , told the jury that a famous image taken in summer 1997 showing Diana wearing a swimsuit could not be proof she was pregnant with Dodi 's child as she had not started a relationship with him at that stage . Next week , the jury is scheduled to travel to Paris to see the crash site , along the River Seine . They are also expected to hear testimony from the paparazzi who were present after the accident . In its evidence section , the Web site for the inquest has posted previously unpublished pictures taken by paparazzi of the limo before and immediately after the accident . One is a closeup -- looking into the front of the vehicle -- that shows Diana , Fayed , Paul and Rees-Jones minutes before the crash . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Barry Neild contributed to this report .	Driver of car in which Diana was killed was in bar before crash , jury hears CCTV gives no indication though that Henri Paul was drunk , as officials say Inquest jury also shown new footage of Diana taken hours before her death Court will make final decision on what happened in car crash 10 years ago
CNN  -- Pakistan and India have agreed to resume peace talks that broke down after the Mumbai terror attacks in 2008 , government ministries said Thursday . "  Pakistani  Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani has expressed his satisfaction on the important decision taken both by Pakistan and India to resume full spectrum of dialogue , " said a statement from Pakistan 's foreign ministry . An announcement from India 's external affairs ministry said the foreign minister of Pakistan will visit India by July to "  review progress in the dialogue process . " Dates for the talks have not yet been set . The decision to resume peace talks came during weekend meetings in Bhutan between the foreign secretaries of each nation . "  I value this development and pay my compliments and good wishes to  Indian Prime Minister  Dr. Manmohan Singh , " Gilani said . Nirupama Rao , India 's foreign secretary , said the talks will focus on a range of issues , such as terrorism and humanitarian , economic and water-related matters . "  There are no overnight solutions and we need time , we need patience to resolve many of these issues . So we 're not raising high expectations , " she told CNN Thursday . "  We 're not setting overambitious objectives . But this is a re-engagement , and we have to hope for the best . " Under U.S. pressure , leaders from the nuclear neighbors held several meetings last year in a bid to restart the peace process , but no dramatic headway had been made until recently in resolving outstanding issues . The two countries have fought three wars since independence from Britain in 1947 . The Himalayan territory of Kashmir -- claimed by both -- has been the cause of two of those conflicts . In 2004 , India and Pakistan agreed to a peace process that covers eight issues , including Kashmir , terrorism and Pakistan 's concerns over river dams on the Indian side , which it sees as a threat to its water supplies . Successive governments on both sides have held talks in an attempt to end their historical acrimony . Singh and Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari hailed results from the negotiations in September 2008 as the countries completed four rounds of diplomatic meetings . But talks were suspended two months later , in November , 2008 , after the terror raid on Mumbai . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Sara Sidner and Harmeet Singh contributed to this report .	Peace talks broke down after the Mumbai terror attacks in 2008 Pakistan and India have fought three wars since independence from Britain in 1947 The talks will include discussions on terrorism , Kashmir and humanitarian issues
EW.com  -- Bilbo Baggins went after treasure this weekend , and he found a lot of it -- just not quite as much as he did last year . Peter Jackson 's latest Middle-earth adventure The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug earned $ 73.6 million in its opening weekend , marking a 13 percent drop from The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey 's $ 84.6 million bow in December 2012 . Smaug notched the fourth-best December opening weekend ever , after An Unexpected Journey , I Am Legend  $ 77.2 million  , and Avatar  $ 77 million  , and although it undercut its predecessor 's debut , Warner Bros. , who co-financed the film with MGM for about $ 225 million , ca n't be too disappointed with the result . The first Hobbit film finished with $ 303 million domestically and over $ 1 billion worldwide . Even if Smaug ca n't match those figures  if it plays like Journey , it 's headed for $ 263 million domestically  , it will be a hugely profitable venture for the studio . In order to differentiate it from the first Hobbit , Warner Bros. marketed The Desolation of Smaug by focusing heavily on Evangeline Lilly 's elvish character , Tauriel , who did n't appear in J.R.R. Tolkien 's novel , as well as Orlando Bloom 's Legolas , who returned for the prequels , and Benedict Cumberbatch as the voice of Smaug . Still , audiences , which were 60 percent male and 64 percent above the age of 25 , were n't all convinced to give the series a second try after being turned off by the more juvenile An Unexpected Journey . The film pulled in 49 percent of its weekend gross from 3-D ticket sales , and IMAX screens made up $ 9.2 million of its haul . Crowds issued Smaug an "  A -- " CinemaScore grade . In second place , Disney 's animated musical Frozen did n't melt despite the heat of dragon 's breath . The film fell only 30 percent to $ 22.2 million in its third weekend , giving it a remarkable $ 164.4 million -- already more than its $ 150 million budget . At the same point in its run , Tangled had earned $ 115 million en route to a $ 200 million finish -- and that film is a perfect comparison since it also opened wide over Thanksgiving weekend . If Frozen maintains its current pace , it will hit $ 285 million domestically . With no new family films on the horizon , it will be the top family choice over the upcoming holiday break . Tyler Perry 's A Madea Christmas unwrapped only $ 16.2 million this weekend , marking the lowest-ever start for one of Perry 's popular Madea films -- and the second-lowest start ever for Perry as a director after 2007 ′ s Daddy 's Little Girls , which opened with $ 11.2 million . The last Madea entry , 2012 ′ s Madea 's Witness Protection , opened to $ 25.1 million , but Christmas , which cost Lionsgate about $ 25 million to produce , fell far short of that number . What makes that performance particularly shocking is that advance ticket sales were booming . If there 's a silver lining , it 's that , unlike the rest of the front-loaded Madea films , Christmas has the potential to hold up nicely in the two weeks leading up to the actual holiday . Audiences gave the picture an "  A -- " CinemaScore . Two blockbuster sequels rounded out the top five . The Hunger Games : Catching Fire dropped 50 percent in its fourth weekend to $ 13.2 million , giving it a scorching $ 357 million total -- and all against a sensible  for a movie of this scale  $ 130 million budget . It took the first Hunger Games five weeks to reach the same total on the way to a $ 408 million domestic finish , so Catching Fire still seems poised to break the $ 400 million mark . One rung lower , Thor : The Dark World grossed $ 2.7 million in its sixth frame and has now amassed $ 198.1 million . It will eke past the $ 200 million mark soon , and while that 's no gross to shake a hammer at , it 's slightly disappointing considering the original Thor earned $ 181 million and Disney was no doubt hoping for more than an 11 percent boost following The Avengers ' run -- especially given the fact that Iron Man 3 earned 31 percent more than Iron Man 2  $ 409 million vs. $ 312 million  earlier this year . 1 . The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug -- $ 73.6 million 2 . Frozen -- $ 22.2 million 3 . A Madea Christmas -- $ 16.2 million 4 . The Hunger Games : Catching Fire -- $ 13.2 million 5 . Thor : The Dark World -- $ 2.7 million In limited release , American Hustle proved its mettle with an eye-popping $ 115,000 per theater average -- the second best of the year after Frozen 's $ 243,390 premiere weekend in one theater . Hustle , which was directed by David O. Russell and stars Christian Bale , Bradley Cooper , Amy Adams , and Jennifer Lawrence , grossed $ 690,000 from only six theaters , and now appears ready to thrive when Sony pushes it into 2,500 locations next weekend . It certainly outshined Disney 's Mary Poppins tale Saving Mr. Banks , which took in $ 421,000 in 15 theaters for a still solid $ 28,067 location average . The Tom Hanks/Emma Thompson vehicle expands to about 2,200 theaters next week . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	New film had a 13 percent drop from "  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey " Disney 's animated musical "  Frozen " came in second place Tyler Perry 's latest ` Madea ' film struggled
CNN  -- So , you think you have it bad this tax season . Have you heard that Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg will pay between $ 1 billion and $ 2 billion in taxes ? That sounds like a tough pill for anyone to swallow . But it is premature to start a pity party for Zuckerberg . The twenty-something billionaire reaped large financial gains from exercising the stock options that triggered his tax bill , and he has benefited from favorable tax rules along the way . Even better , Zuckerberg will survive his encounter with the tax man in a position to never have to pay taxes again for the rest of his life . You heard that right . Let 's start with the tax bill . According to media reports , Zuckerberg reported $ 2.3 billion income from Facebook 's IPO in May 2012 . How did that happen ? By contract with his own highly controlled company , Zuckerberg has many stock options . The options give him the right to buy shares for a preset price : 6 cents , to be exact . So on the day of Facebook 's IPO , with shares trading as high as $ 42 , Zuckerberg bought 60 million shares for 6 cents each : a great way to net a cool $ 2.3 billion . The IRS views that money as compensation -- wages -- taxable at "  ordinary " income tax rates , the same that most of us pay on our regular salaries . This means , for 2012 , Zuckerberg will have to pay tax on the $ 2.3 billion at close to a 50 % rate , federal and California taxes combined . The resulting whopping $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion tax bill continues a theme , evident in my CNN.com columns on Warren Buffett , Mitt Romney and Phil Mickelson , that wage-earners are highly taxed , but not the wealthy . So should we feel sorry for Zuckerberg ? Before we start crying , let 's step back a bit . As soon as Zuckerberg exercises any of his stock options he triggers a tax hit . He did just that when he bought the 60 million Facebook shares for 6 cents each . But from that moment forward , Zuckerberg is responsible only for any further rise in the value of the stock , and only when he sells it , and , even then , only at the far more favorable "  capital gains " rates . Zuckerberg 's $ 2.3 billion payday also came after years of building up value in Facebook , meaning that he was deferring paying taxes for years . This is considered a financial benefit : It is better to pay taxes later rather than sooner , all things being equal . It also bears mention that all things were not equal , because 2012 featured one of the lowest top ordinary tax rates in a century of income taxes , at 35 % . Most observers were assuming that rates would increase in 2013 , as they in fact did . Zuckerberg cashed out at both a high market price and a low tax rate . One puzzle to tax experts is why Zuckerberg waited so long to cash out , causing that large ordinary income tax hit . The answer likely has several parts . One , Zuckerberg 's timing almost certainly played a role in boosting Facebook 's stock price at the IPO stage , when it peaked . Two , it is obvious that Zuckerberg had indeed cashed out , in large part , before the IPO . How else did he get to a net worth of more than $ 11 billion , according to media reports , with a  mere  $ 2.3 billion payday , roughly cut in half by taxes , further reduced by a falling stock price ? At a minimum , buying shares during the IPO allowed Zuckerberg to cash out at the market top , and then to sell off shares -- as he did "  for tax purposes " -- without any additional tax hit . Indeed , Zuckerberg now holds shares with tax losses built into them , which he can sell to offset capital gains elsewhere in his portfolio . Zuckerberg also has plenty of other shares  and still more options  , rising in value as we speak . He is playing what I call Tax Planning 101 , simply holding onto assets as they appreciate without paying tax on them . Zuckerberg 's tale is really just another story about stock options , the coin of the realm in Silicon Valley . They can be tricky and easy to manipulate . Remember the backdating scandals ? Those were about the timing of the exercise of stock options by highly paid executives . After his big stock option exercise , Zuckerberg can walk in the footsteps of hi-tech icons such as Bill Gates and Steve Jobs . These entrepreneurs built up vast fortunes using stock options with great savvy and then , after they made it to the levels of the super-rich , simply got rid of their ordinary income salaries . Jobs , famously , got paid $ 1 a year to run Apple . Gates one-upped that by stepping down altogether from his day job as CEO of Microsoft . The really rich leave wages and the W-2s that go with them to the little people , like us . The truly rich do not have to pay any tax once they have their fortunes in hand . They can follow the simple tax planning advice to buy/borrow/die : Buy assets that appreciate in value without producing cash  like shares of Internet stocks  , borrow to finance lifestyle , and die to pass on a "  stepped up " basis to heirs wherein the tax gain miraculously disappears . Zuckerberg now has $ 11 billion or more with which to play this game . He can live off money borrowed against that huge sum  rest assured , he can get good interest rates  , never having to sell any asset at a gain , and never having to get an "  ordinary " salary again . As is so often the case , the real wizard here is Buffett , who got into the game in the early 1960s , buying up a company , Berkshire Hathaway , that pays no dividends . Buffett was able to amass his fortune , well north of $ 50 billion , without ever incurring a tax bill nearly as large as Zuckerberg 's . We can not all be Warren Buffetts , of course , but being Mark Zuckerberg is n't too shabby , even with that more than a billion dollar tax bill coming due . Zuckerberg can rest peacefully knowing he wo n't have to worry about paying taxes again . The rest of us are n't quite so blessed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edward J. McCaffery .	Mark Zuckerberg will pay between $ 1 billion and $ 2 billion in taxes for 2012 Edward McCaffery : But he never has to pay taxes again for the rest of his life He says Zuckerberg can hold on to assets as they appreciate without paying tax on them McCaffery : Like other tech titans , he can build wealth by using stock and stock options
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- On September 11 , 2001 , Kathryn Freed watched from two blocks away as a plane hit the World Trade Center 's north tower . After September 11 , most of lower Manhattan was covered in thick dust from the collapsed towers . "  Honestly , it was so surreal , " Freed said . "  We heard the plane coming -- it was very low and very loud -- and we watched it go right over our heads ; we just watched it hit dead center the north tower . I stood there and watched the skin of the building come off . It looked like tinsel from a Christmas tree falling down . " A short while later , Freed saw the second plane plow through the south tower in a giant fireball . And as she headed back toward her apartment , four blocks from what was soon to be known as ground zero , the south tower collapsed , sending a plume of debris into the air and straight down her street . Freed believes that the lingering cloud of dust -- caused by the towers ' collapse and the digging out of ground zero -- caused some of her long - and short-term medical problems , such as her "  WTC cough " and other respiratory issues . She 's among the many residents of lower Manhattan , emergency responders , recovery workers , commuters and passers-by to have developed serious , sometimes chronic medical problems since the terrorist attack seven years ago . A commission charged with examining the scope and depth of the attack 's health effects reviewed more than 100 scientific articles published since 2001 and found that new asthma levels among residents and rescue workers were two to three times higher than the national estimates . The report by the World Trade Center Medical Working Group , issued in advance of the September 11 anniversary , also found that two to three years after the attack , symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder remained elevated among rescue and recovery workers and residents of lower Manhattan . Interactive : More on PTSD " But the most reassuring finding was that in all the studies they looked at , there was consistency . "  The primary finding of the report , as you synthesize the main findings from more than 100 peer review articles on the health ramifications of 9/11 , is that the findings are very similar across the studies , " Lorna Thorpe said . Thorpe , the deputy commissioner in the Division of Epidemiology at New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene , is a member of the Medical Working Group . "  That is a very important characteristic to us when we are trying to say how well we understand the short - and medium-term health ramifications , " she said . The group , appointed last year by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , is composed of 16 professionals with varied areas of expertise who include researchers , clinicians , psychiatrists , pulmonologists and environmental health experts . According to their report , there were also glimmers of good news : New diagnoses of the autoimmune disorder sarcoidosis , which were elevated among responding firefighters early on , are now back to pre-September 11 rates ; early symptoms for PTSD resolved quickly for most people ; and any impact on birth outcomes was small in magnitude . "  The review of existing services found that at the moment , the panoply of services that exist in New York City are sufficient for those who are stepping forward with potential 9/11 illnesses , but moving forward , additional federal support for sustaining those services is critical , " Thorpe said , adding that the bigger the outreach effort , the greater the chance of demand to outstrip supply . According to the group , there are still many unanswered questions , including how extensively the disaster affected the health of residents , area workers and students ; what kind of exposure increased risk ; how persistent the mental and physical symptoms are ; how prevalent depression and substance abuse are ; whether there is a possibility of trade center-related cancer ; and how effective is the treatment received by those who sought it . The medical working group also issued recommendations , including advocating for long-term federal funding to ensure that treatment and monitoring can continue ; expanding the research into trade center-related conditions and evaluating the treatments involved ; and expanding the education efforts to increase awareness of both the availability of medical resources for those affected and the clinical guidelines created to treat them . Freed believes that she was lucky in that she was "  too busy " to develop PTSD ; at the time , she was a New York council member and spent the months after the attack working to get her neighborhood back on its feet , bringing in supplies , medicine , information and services . She also continued to live in her apartment , where inches of dust had collected on the terrace , and did n't leave the neighborhood with its ever-present dust cloud for months . "  At that time , I had such a bad WTC cough -- I had gone to one of the doctors at Mount Sinai -LSB- hospital -RSB- , and he basically told me to get out of the district because I was having such a hard time breathing , " she said . "  Like everyone down there , I had a bad cough and what I thought was heartburn , but after the doctor 's visit , I realized the air was so , so caustic that just breathing ended up burning your respiratory system . " To this day , Freed , who is now a civil court judge for Manhattan , suffers from the breathing problems and allergies that developed after the attack , and although she occasionally gets "  the cough , " it does n't bother her nearly as often . The WTC Medical Working Group is expected to issue an update every year . Freed is glad they are around , but she added , "  It might have been nice to have it seven years ago . "	Working group looked at more than 100 studies done since 2001 Survivors reported higher levels of PTSD and respiratory problems such as asthma More federal funds needed for medical services for at-risk groups , panel says Watch 9/11 memorials in New York and Washington on CNN.com Live
CNN  -- Four days after Neymar was kneed in the back , Brazil face the real possibility of being booted out of their own World Cup when they take on Germany in the semifinal at Belo Horizonte on Tuesday . The hosts will have to manage without their star striker after he sustained a fractured vertebra in the 2-1 quarterfinal win over Colombia in Fortaleza . It 's not just in attack that Brazil have problems -- captain and key defender Thiago Silva is suspended after picking up his second yellow card of the tournament in the same match , and an appeal was rejected by FIFA . Neymar 's injury is a huge blow to the hosts who , under coach Luiz Felipe Scolari are looking to reach the final for the first time in 12 years in their hunt for a sixth world crown . Wild celebrations following Friday 's win became more muted when news filtered through that Neymar -- scorer of four goals in five matches in Brazil 's campaign -- would play no further part in the tournament . "  It 's like we have lost today , " a female Brazilian fan in Rio de Janeiro told CNN after hearing of the seriousness of Neymar 's injury . "  It 's terrible , terrible . I 'm so sad . But let 's go on . " Sympathy also came flooding in from fans and arch rivals -- old and new . "  It concerns not only the Brazilian people but all of us who love football , " Argentine legend Diego Maradona told the Venezuela-based Telesur TV network . "  It was his World Cup , in his country . He had great hopes . " The Albiceleste 's current playmaker Lionel Messi also responded , posting a message for his Barcelona teammate on his Facebook page . "  Neymar , I hope you recover very soon , friend ! " Messi wrote , while Germany midfielder Mesut Ozil tweeted : "  Neymar , I am unhappy . get well soon . " Such is the fevered speculation surrounding Neymar there were even suggestions the Barcelona star could play if he had painkilling injections or underwent emergency surgery . That speculation was quickly put to rest by the Brazilian Football Association Monday , who said such treatment would not happen as it would endanger Neymar 's future career . Dreams of a miraculous return were perhaps fueled by Brazil 's obvious reliance on their stricken star . The 22-year-old talisman has scored 35 goals in 54 international appearances -- three more than the combined totals of the squad 's other forwards -- Fred , Hulk and Jo -- have managed in total in matches for the Selecao . "  Brazil are too dependent on Neymar , " former Brazil midfielder Juninho told CNN following the group stages . "  If Neymar plays well , Brazil plays well . If he does n't , nobody can do his job . It 's a worry . It 's like Portugal with Ronaldo . " A member of Brazil 's last World Cup-winning squad in 2002 , Juninho also queried whether the current side have the experience to sustain their challenge . "  When you wear a Brazilian shirt you are under pressure even now when you play in your country . I think the players need to know how to deal with that , " he said . "  All of the players have a lot of experience in European competition but not in the national team and in the World Cup -- for a lot of them this is their first World Cup . " Brazil 's winning captain in 1970 , Carlos Alberto , struck a more positive note ahead of the Germany clash when he recalled the impact Garrincha made when he deputized for the injured Pele 52 years ago . "  In the 1962 World Cup , we lost Pele , " Alberto told Sportv . "  Maybe someone will wake up and become the Garrincha of 1962 . " Another Brazilian great , former midfielder Zico , hopes a Neymar-less Brazil can prosper if Scolari deploys more "  combative " midfielders . "  In my mind , fast players like Willian and Bernard need to be considered ... " Zico wrote in UK newspaper The Observer on Sunday . "  Above all , the Brazilian players have the chance to draw energy from Neymar 's sacrifice ... they need to leave their souls on the pitch as a tribute for this kid whose dreams have been shattered because of one horrific tackle , " Zico concluded . Three-time champions Germany come into Tuesday 's crunch match buoyed by a typically robust 1-0 win over France in the quarterfinals . Joachim Low 's side are seeking a first World Cup win in 24 years after narrow misses in the last three tournaments . In 2002 , Germany were runners up to Brazil -- the only World Cup meeting between the teams -- before losing at the semifinal stage to eventual winners Italy and Spain in 2006 and 2010 respectively . A hugely experienced squad -- five players have 100 caps or more -- must quietly fancy their chances against an under-strength Brazil . Not that anyone is saying that publicly . "  We 're all sad that Neymar ca n't play , it 's always better when the opponent has all their best players on the pitch , " Germany midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger told FIFA.com . "  It 'll bring the  Brazil  team together and they 'll want to win the title for him . " Schweinsteiger also pointed to the pedigree of Brazil 's coaching team -- noting both Scolari and technical director Carlos Alberto Parreira have previously managed Brazil to victory  in 2002 and 1994 respectively  -- and that home advantage should n't be underestimated . "  Their coaches have a lot of experience of this kind of situation . It 's an honor and a challenge to play against the hosts , but it have would be better to play Brazil in the final , " Schweinsteiger said . "  It does n't matter how much experience you have , to play the hosts in this football-crazy country , I mean that in a positive sense , is something special . " The task of officiating this clash of two World Cup titans has been handed to Marco Rodriguez . Players from both sides will be hoping that he is alert to all incidents -- the 40-year-old Mexican failed to spot Luis Suarez 's bite on defender Giorgio Chiellini when Uruguay played Italy in the group stages last month . Referring to Carlos Velasco Carballo 's leniency in officiating Brazil 's win over Colombia -- only two Brazilians were booked by the Spanish referee despite the Selecao 's 31 fouls -- Schweinsteiger urged Rodriguez to be watchful . "  The Brazilians here are n't the magicians of old , the team has changed and so has their playing style , " said the Bayern Munich midfielder . "  Hard challenges are definitely are part of their game , it 's something we have to be careful of and the referee too . "	Hosts Brazil face Germany in World Cup semifinal on Tuesday Brazil without injured Neymar and suspended captain Thiago Silva Germany come into match following 1-0 over France in quarterfinals Mexican referee who missed Luis Suarez bite earlier in tournament to officiate match
CNN  -- One person was injured and around 70 trailers were damaged in Springfield , Illinois , on Monday when a microburst with straight line winds of between 70 and 80 mph whipped through the area . The injured person suffered a minor laceration , said David Butt , director of the Sangamon County Office of Emergency Management . No trailers overturned . "  The damage occurred from debris . Tree limbs at a height of 10 to 20 feet were broken and they damaged the roofs of the mobile homes , " Butt said . "  No roofs were torn off . No roofs were peeled back . The only damage to roofs was being penetrated by wind-blown debris . " Also on Monday , a tornado watch was in effect for parts of north central Kansas and south central Nebraska . Hail up to 4 inches in diameter and wind gusts as high as 80 mph could accompany those storms . Looking into Tuesday , there is a slight risk of severe thunderstorms across much of the country 's midsection . The primary threat will be very large hail , mostly in Nebraska , Kansas , western Oklahoma and the eastern Texas panhandle . A few isolated tornadoes can not be ruled out . Cities and towns that will have the highest risk for severe storms Tuesday include Des Moines , Iowa ; Lincoln and Omaha , Nebraska ; Garden City and Liberal , Kansas ; and Woodward , Oklahoma and Amarillo in the Texas panhandle .	The person suffered a minor laceration No trailers overturned , but roofs were damaged A tornado watch is in effect for parts of Kansas and Nebraska
CBS correspondent Lara Logan apologized Friday and said the network was "  wrong " for a "  60 Minutes " report that raised questions about the Obama administration 's response to last year 's attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya . The assault left four Americans dead , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . "  In this case , we were wrong . We made a mistake , " Logan said on "  CBS This Morning . " "  That 's disappointing for any journalist . It 's very disappointing for me . " A primary source for the "  60 Minutes " report on October 27 was a security contractor using the pseudonym "  Morgan Jones , " later identified as Dylan Davies . Davies told CBS he was able to reach the Benghazi compound on the night of September 11 , 2012 , scale a wall and even fight off a militant . Also on Friday , the publisher of a book containing Davies ' account said it was suspending the sale and publication of the book . Threshold Editions , an imprint of Simon & Schuster , is recommending that booksellers not sell "  The Embassy House " and return the books , spokeswoman Jennifer Robinson told CNN . The "  60 Minutes " story broadcast October 27 cast doubt on whether the Obama administration sent all possible help to try to save Stevens and his three colleagues . The story was then cited by congressional Republicans who have demanded to know why a military rescue was not attempted . Benghazi attack timeline On Friday , Logan responded to questions from CBS 's Norah O'Donnell , who pressed her for details about Davies . "  What we know now is , he told the FBI a different story to what he told us , " Logan said . "  That was the moment for us when we realized that we no longer had confidence in our source and we were wrong to put him on air , and we apologize to our viewers . " Logan was also asked about how CBS vetted Davies and his story . "  We verified him , confirmed who he was , that he was working for the State Department at the time , that he was in Benghazi at the special mission compound the night of the attack , " Logan said . "  He showed us -- he gave us access to communications he had with U.S. government officials . " "  The Embassy House " tells the same story Davies told Logan . Davies also told Logan that he acted in violation of his employer 's orders to stay away from the compound . Since the revelations about problems with the story , Logan said CBS has tried to contact Davies but has not heard from him . Congressman : Benghazi questions need answers The news show apology comes a day after CBS issued a statement saying , "  60 Minutes has learned of new information that undercuts the account told to us by Morgan Jones of his actions on the night of the attack on the Benghazi compound . We are currently looking into this serious matter to determine if he misled us , and if so , we will make a correction . " On Thursday a U.S. official told CNN that there were discrepancies between the contractor 's accounts to the FBI and CBS , although the official did not specify them . A second U.S. official told CNN the same thing Friday . The New York Times , citing two senior government officials , reported Thursday that the contractor told the FBI he did not go the Benghazi compound on the night of the attack . When Logan was asked Friday why CBS was willing to stand by its report after Davies lied to his employer , she said , "  because he was very upfront about it ; that was part of his story . " Incident report raised questions The CBS story first came into question because of an incident report filed by the contractor 's employer , the Blue Mountain security company . The incident report , obtained by CNN and first reported in The Washington Post , said the contractor never reached the Benghazi compound . The incident report also revealed the real name of "  Morgan Jones " to be Davies . CBS initially stood by the story after the incident report came to light . Davies said he never saw the incident report . But he said it matched a false account he gave his Blue Mountain supervisor to cover up that he had disobeyed the supervisor 's order not to go to the compound . In a statement to CNN this week , Davies said , "  The account in my book is consistent with what I gave to the FBI and U.S. authorities about what happened in Benghazi . " CIA operatives to testify at classified Benghazi hearing Davies ' co-author , Damien Lewis , also told CNN this week that Jones never wavered in his story . "  He 's been consistent in the story from the word go , " Lewis said . "  Not only that , he 's the kind of guy who downplays his role . " Reached Friday after CBS 's apology , Lewis said he would have nothing more to say until Davies comments . Hearing set for next week CIA employees are scheduled to testify about the attack at a closed-door congressional hearing next week . U.S. officials have said Stevens and information officer Sean Smith took refuge behind a heavy metal door at 10:30 p.m. on the night of the attack , about 30 minutes after attackers had breached the walls of the compound . The two were quickly overcome by smoke when attackers set fire to the building . Also at 10:30 p.m. , six security agents left a CIA annex a mile away . The six agents and 16 Libyan security officials regained control of the compound . With the help of a rescue team that arrived from Tripoli at 1:15 a.m. , the agents rescued about 30 Americans and took them to the CIA annex . They also took Stephens and Smith , although their conditions at that time have not been made clear . At 4 a.m. , militants attacked the CIA annex . Navy SEALs Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods were killed .	Publication of book containing account is suspended Reporter : CBS was "  wrong " in report that raised questions about Benghazi attack Official claims discrepancies between CBS source 's accounts and what he told FBI Source had claimed he violated orders , reached Benghazi compound and fought militant
CNN  -- The former director general of the BBC , in a letter to a British lawmaker , tried to explain what he knew about a journalistic investigation into claims of abuse by Jimmy Savile , a late children 's TV presenter . A slew of sexual abuse allegations against Savile , a BBC star and household name in Britain , have emerged over the past month . A second scandal broke with the news that the BBC show "  Newsnight " had been investigating similar allegations but dropped the case in late 2011 . This week , Mark Thompson , who was director general of the BBC at the time of the "  Newsnight " investigation , provided apparently conflicting statements on what he knew about the allegations and when . How celebrity child sex scandal has rocked the BBC "  I was not notified or briefed about the ` Newsnight ' investigation , nor was I involved in any way in the decision not to complete and air the investigation , " Thompson said in a statement Monday . "  During my time as director general of the BBC , I never heard any allegations or received any complaints about Jimmy Savile . " On Tuesday , an account published in the New York Times quoted Thompson as saying that a BBC reporter told him about the investigation at a party in December . Thompson is now the incoming chief executive at the Times . Questioned by British MP Rob Wilson , Thompson offered an explanation in a letter that attempted to reconcile his two statements . He explained that he learned of the investigation but not its details and was satisfied when he inquired to his senior management and was told that it had been dropped for journalistic reasons . "  I was never formally notified about the ` Newsnight ' investigation and was not briefed about the allegations they were examining and to what extent , if at all , those allegations related to Savile 's work at the BBC , " Thompson wrote in the letter , dated Tuesday . Late BBC TV presenter accused of sex abuse When he learned of "  Newsnight 's " investigation and was told it was dropped , he did not question it , because such decisions are common , he said . He added that he finds the bevy of sexual abuse allegations against Savile "  exceptionally grave . " "  I have been appalled by what I have read and heard in recent weeks and can only imagine the sufferings that these crimes have caused to the victims , " he wrote . The public editor of The New York Times , Margaret Sullivan , wrote that the scandal is enough for the company to think about the baggage he is bringing to New York . "  His integrity and decision-making are bound to affect The Times and its journalism -- profoundly . It 's worth considering now whether he is the right person for the job , given this turn of events , " she wrote Wednesday . The scandal has gripped the UK media , with many questioning who knew what and when about the alleged abuse of young teenage girls , and it threatens lasting damage to the reputation of the UK 's public broadcaster . Savile died in October last year at the age of 84 . London 's Metropolitan Police last week launched a criminal investigation into claims of child sexual abuse by "  Savile and others , " many of which date back to the 1960s and '70s . The force said that more than 200 potential victims had been identified . The BBC said Monday that the editor of "  Newsnight " was "  stepping aside " over questions about why his show never broadcast its investigation into Savile . The furor has shocked a generation in Britain who grew up watching Savile , one of the most recognizable figures in British showbiz from the 1960s to the 1980s , or listening to his radio shows . He was the first host of the BBC 's hugely popular "  Top of the Pops " music show , and his own program , "  Jim 'll Fix It , " ran for almost 20 years . Thousands of children wrote in every week with special requests for him to "  fix , " or make happen . The controversy has prompted a wider examination of an apparent culture of sexism at the BBC in past decades that may have fed into abusive behavior . The allegations against the famous Savile are a reminder of how little the public really knows about celebrities , said Robert Thompson , director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University . "  It 's another one of these instances that shows us whenever there 's someplace we think we wo n't see scandal , eventually , we end up seeing it , " he said . The scandal brings the venerable BBC into question and feeds the state of cynicism that the public feels for media institutions , he said . "  The whole thing is highly disturbing , " he said . CNN 's Thom Patterson contributed to this report .	Mark Thompson was director general of the BBC until earlier this year His conflicting statements about the Savile scandal raised questions He explains in a letter what he knew and when
Dakar , Senegal  CNN  -- Senegalese police clashed Friday night with protesters , firing tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse them from downtown Dakar , where protests have been banned . The unrest was part of the opposition against the candidacy of President Abdoulaye Wade ahead of February 26 elections . After Friday prayers in the Muslim-majority country , police blocked protesters from reaching the capital 's Place de l'Independence , the demonstration 's planned location . Confrontations occurred less than a mile from the Presidential Palace , in the city 's commercial center . At least four people have died in protests in Senegal since January 27 , when the country 's highest court , the Constitutional Council , cleared the 85-year-old president to run for a third term , government officials have said . The opposition says that the court was compromised and the constitution limits presidents to two terms . He has been in office since 2000 . A court ruled in his favor last month after the incumbent argued that he is exempt because he took office before the term limit was put in place . Amadou Sow , a 38-year-old security guard , went downtown on his day off to protest Wade 's candidacy and to exercise his right to protest in one of Africa 's most stable democracies . "  We 're in an electoral campaign and every citizen is free to go where he wants , " Sow said . "  We have come here to protest peacefully , but the police have prevented us from coming and that 's not normal . " Others say that protests have been banned downtown because they disturb the workday in the city 's economic hub . "  I ca n't understand the protests here , " said Boubacar Sow , 27 , who works in the Dakar 's large informal sector and is not related to Amadou . "  Because , me , I come here to work , to earn money , and to return home , but not to protest . I work here . "  We are here to protest Wade , " said Abdoulaye Diouf , a 22-year-old student . "  We dont want him anymore . We are fed up " Some protesters are also demanding that the Constitutional Council allow three independent candidates , including Grammy-winning musician Youssou N'Dour , to seek the presidency . The court rejected their candidacies last month in the same ruling that granted Wade and 13 others spots on the February ballot . It ruled that the three rejected candidates had failed to gather 10,000 valid signatures . The opposition June 23 Movement , or M23 , is named after the date of protests last summer that forced Wade to withdraw a constitutional amendment that would have nearly guaranteed his victory in this month 's election . West Africa has a history of political strife , but Senegal has largely maintained peace and has never experienced a military coup .	Protests are banned in downtown Dakar The opposition does not want the president to run for a third term At least four people have died in protests since January 27
CNN  -- When a 21-year-old Abby Wambach made her debut for the United States on September 9 , 2001 , Mia Hamm scored twice in a 4-1 win over Germany . Twelve years later , aged 33 , Wambach grabbed four first-half goals in a 5-0 win over South Korea to overtake Hamm as the leading scorer in women 's international soccer history . Wambach equaled Hamm 's record of 158 with her second goal after just 19 minutes of Thursday 's friendly game at New Jersey 's Red Bull Arena before adding two more to stand alone in the record books with 160 international goals -- the most by any male or female player . "  It 's surreal , " Wambach told U.S. Soccer 's official website . "  I 'm so thankful and my teammates were trying to get me those goals . "  I ca n't thank them enough . As a competitor you want to be done with the things that put me at the forefront of conversations . This team is too good to be talking about one person . " She added on her Twitter page : "  Let me just say thank you to Mia Hamm for giving me something to chase , and to the fans for cheering me along the way . A special night . " Hamm had earlier congratulated Wambach on her achievement . The New York native reached the landmark figure in 207 games , while Hamm scored her total in 275 international matches before retiring in 2004 . "  So proud of you , my friend . You are a warrior and true champion . Enjoy this , " the 41-year-old tweeted . Blog : Can anyone stop Spain at 2014 World Cup ? Wambach was part of the U.S. squads which won gold at the 2004 and 2012 Olympic Games , scoring the decisive goal in a 2-1 win over Brazil in the gold medal match in Athens nine years ago . She has also represented her country at three World Cups , helping the Americans to finish third on home soil in 2003 before repeating the feat in China four years later . At the 2011 tournament in Germany , Wambach scored an extra-time goal to put the U.S. 2-1 up in the final against Japan . Japan equalized to force a penalty shootout , which it won 4-1 -- with Wambach the only U.S. player to score her spot kick .	Abby Wambach becomes the highest goalscorer in women 's international football The striker scored four goals as the United States beat South Korea 5-0 Wambach moves onto 160 goals , overtaking previous record holder Mia Hamm Wambach made her debut for the U.S. against Germany in September 2001
DALLAS , Texas  CNN  -- Arizona Sen. John McCain , whose White House aspirations went into a nose dive last summer , clinched the Republican Party 's presidential nomination Tuesday night with a sweep of GOP contests in four states . "  I am very , very grateful and pleased to note that tonight , my friends , we have won enough delegates to claim with confidence , humility and a great sense of responsibility , that I will be the Republican nominee for president of the United States , " McCain told supporters in Texas . CNN estimates that McCain has amassed 1,195 delegates to the GOP 's September convention in Minneapolis-St . Paul , Minnesota , four more than the 1,191 needed to claim the party 's nomination . "  Now , we begin the most important part of our campaign : to make a respectful , determined and convincing case to the American people that our campaign and my election as president , given the alternative presented by our friends in the other party , is in the best interest in the country that we love , " McCain said . "  The big battle 's to come , " he said . "  I do not underestimate the significance nor the size of the challenge . " Watch McCain address supporters after sweeping Tuesday 's contests " McCain 's last leading rival , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , bowed out of the race after his projected losses in Texas , Ohio , Rhode Island and Vermont and urged his supporters to back the Arizona senator in November . "  It 's now important that we turn our attention not to what could have been or what we wanted to have been but now what must be , and that is a united party , " Huckabee said . Watch as Huckabee ends his presidential bid " Claiming the title of presumptive nominee will give McCain a head start on the general election campaign while Democratic contenders Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama are still locked in a battle for their party 's title , said Alex Castellanos , a GOP strategist and CNN contributor . Allocate delegates yourself and see how the numbers add up " "  Tomorrow , he can get started , " Castellanos said . "  He 'll have the -LSB- Republican National Committee -RSB- behind him . He 'll have a broad base of financial support . It 's a big step . Meanwhile , it looks like the Democrats are engaged in the land war across Russia , so he 's got a big advantage now . " Both Clinton , the New York senator and former first lady , and Obama , the first-term senator from Illinois , called McCain on Tuesday night , campaign officials said . Obama told McCain he looks forward to running against him in the fall , campaign spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki said . McCain is slated to go to the White House on Wednesday to receive the endorsement of President Bush , according to two Republican sources . The Arizona senator 's campaign -- his second run for the White House -- was largely written off last summer amid outspoken opposition from the party 's conservative base , a major staff shakeup and disappointing fundraising . But the former Navy pilot and Vietnam prisoner of war rebounded with wins in January 's primaries in New Hampshire and South Carolina , the state where his first presidential bid foundered . "  There were times , obviously , when my political campaign was not viewed as the most viable in America , as you probably know , " he told reporters in San Antonio earlier Tuesday . "  In fact , I was reminded of the words of Chairman Mao , who said it 's always darkest before it 's totally black . " McCain 's fortunes also rebounded as U.S. commanders in Iraq credited the 2007 launch of a campaign to pacify Baghdad and its surrounding provinces with a sharp decline in American and Iraqi casualties . The senator had been one of the most outspoken advocates of the shift and has blasted his potential Democratic rivals for calling for the withdrawal of U.S. combat troops from the widely unpopular war . "  This is a man with a lot of trials in his life , " said former Education Secretary William Bennett , a CNN contributor . "  He 's had a lot of downs ; he 's been up , and this is a big up . " McCain has been turning his fire on the Democrats , for whom Tuesday 's races in Ohio and Texas are seen as pivotal . See scenes from Tuesday 's voting " But Democrats have been pounding McCain over his January comment that he would be satisfied if U.S. troops remained in Iraq for 100 years , as long as the insurgency there died down . And Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean has attacked his reputation as a reformer over the past week , accusing McCain of trying to evade federal spending limits by opting out of public financing after using the promise of federal funds to obtain a bank loan and automatic ballot access for his primary campaign . Dean told CNN on Tuesday that McCain "  really is the focus of what we 're doing now , in terms of his ethics problems and his problems with the war and his problems with the huge deficits that they 've run up on the Republican side . " In 2000 , McCain upset then-Texas Gov. George W. Bush in the New Hampshire primary by touting "  straight talk " and his record as a Republican maverick . Bush came back in South Carolina amid a divisive and bitter campaign that left McCain denouncing leaders of the party 's religious conservative wing as "  agents of intolerance , " and Bush went on to win the presidency . Since then , McCain has enraged conservative leaders by opposing Bush 's signature tax cuts , co-sponsoring the campaign finance reform law that now bears his name and supporting a controversial White House-backed plan to offer a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants . But their support was spread among a fractured GOP field , and their main standard-bearer , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , quit the race after a disappointing showing in February 's Super Tuesday primaries . Exit polls in Texas and Ohio found that about three-quarters of Republicans would be satisfied with McCain as their nominee , however . Those surveys found that the economy was the top issue for GOP voters in both states -- and by a wide margin in Ohio , which has seen a sharp decline in manufacturing jobs in the past decade . Although national security issues are a strong suit for McCain , Castellanos said he might need some help if a weakening economy is the central issue in November . "  It 's never been Sen. McCain 's strength , " Castellanos said . He said McCain would need to make the case that "  I 'm going to grow this economy ; Barack or Hillary , they 're going to grow government . " McCain had amassed 1,047 delegates before Tuesday , according to CNN estimates . At stake in Tuesday 's contests were 256 delegates , allocated on a winner-take-all basis by statewide or congressional district results . E-mail to a friend CNN correspondent Dana Bash and political editor Mark Preston contributed to this report .	CNN projects McCain wins Ohio , Texas , Rhode Island and Vermont Huckabee withdraws from race for GOP nomination CNN : McCain had amassed 1,047 delegates before Tuesday McCain campaign was largely written off last summer
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland S. Martin says NY Post editors should have seen that the cartoon would be considered offensive . CNN  -- President Obama earned kudos from the media when he said he screwed up in nominating Tom Daschle as secretary of Health and Human Services despite his problem with paying taxes . Too bad the leadership of the New York Post did n't follow the lead of the president in admitting that an editorial cartoon they ran today by Sean Delonas was offensive , careless and racist . If you have n't seen the editorial in question , it should n't take you long to figure out that the subtle message was clear : comparing President Obama to a chimpanzee . In the cartoon , a cop is holding a smoking gun and , with another officer , looking at a bullet-riddled body of a chimpanzee . The caption reads : "  They 'll have to find someone else to write the next stimulus bill . " New York Post : See Sean Delonas cartoons In a statement to The Associated Press , Col Allan , the Post 's editor-in-chief , said the cartoon was an obvious reference to the story of a chimp in Connecticut that viciously attacked a woman and was killed by police . "  The cartoon is a clear parody of a current news event , to wit the shooting of a violent chimpanzee in Connecticut . It broadly mocks Washington 's efforts to revive the economy . Again , Al Sharpton reveals himself as nothing more than a publicity opportunist , " he said , referencing a news release the civil rights activist sent out blasting the paper and demanding an apology . Delonas , the cartoonist , said to CNN , "  It 's absolutely friggin ridiculous . Do you really think I 'm saying Obama should be shot ? I did n't see that in the cartoon . The chimpanzee was a major story in the Post . Every paper in New York , except The New York Times , covered the chimpanzee story . It 's just ridiculous . It 's about the economic stimulus bill . If you 're going to make that about anybody , it would be -LSB- House Speaker Nancy -RSB- Pelosi , which it 's not . " Watch Roland Martin , other CNN panelists debate cartoon " To the editors who approved the cartoon , as well as the cartoonist , the piece was clearly all fun and laughs . But anyone with half a brain , especially someone knowing the history of African-Americans being called monkeys and gorillas , would have said , "  We need to rethink this . " First , mixing the two stories is ridiculous . Yes , the chimpanzee incident and the passage of the stimulus bill have a lot of folks talking , but to put them in the same element just does n't make sense . Watch civil rights groups criticize the cartoon " Second , the cartoonist did n't hang a sign around the neck of the chimp , so he left it up to the reader to determine exactly who the cops were referring to . We all know that the stimulus bill was the first priority of the new president , so when reading the caption , it was easy to infer that the cartoonist was implying the president of the United States . You know , the black guy . And that 's where the problem comes in . What could be seen as silly humor if President George W. Bush were in the White House has to be seen through the lens of America 's racist past , as noted by the leaders of the New York Association of Black Journalists , who also are demanding an apology from the Post . iReport.com : iReporter very offended by cartoon "  How do you think the Jewish community would feel about the use of rats in any depiction of them ? How do you think the Italian community would feel about being generalized with mobsters ? " the organization said in a statement . "  Monkey slurs against Africans and African-Americans go back to the days of early colonialism , when Anglo Saxon , Spanish and Portuguese conquerors used these types of drawings and descriptions to dehumanize black people so that their mistreatment and enslavement would not be viewed as wrong or sinful . The practice also took on more sinister roles later in history including during the slave trade here in the U.S. and in Hitler 's Nazi Germany . " Ignorant leaders of the New York Post and others may think everything is fair game , and certainly criticizing the president of the United States is just fine . Yet while everyone seems to be caught up in the delusion of a post-racial America , we can not forget the reality of the racial America , where African-Americans were treated and portrayed as inferior and less than others . And just as some members of the media brotherhood were taken to task for their obvious sexism during the Democratic primaries because of comments about then-Sen . Hillary Clinton , we had to be sensitive to the historical treatment of women . Oh yes , the Post will have its defenders , accusing African-Americans and others of being hypersensitive . The Post has already shown its hand by trying to make this all about Sharpton , since they know he 's the black bogeyman to white America . But they should understand that my e-mail box and Facebook page are filled with comments from folks of different backgrounds stunned by the callousness of the Post . iReport.com : Is the cartoon racist ? I guess it 's fitting the cartoon ran today , because the best statement to sum up the issue can be taken from a black history month speech given today by our first black attorney general , Eric Holder . "  Even as we fight a war against terrorism , deal with the reality of electing an African-American as our president for the first time and deal with the other significant issues of the day , the need to confront our racial past -- and our racial present , and to understand the history of African people in this country -- endures , " he said . "  One can not truly understand America without understanding the historical experience of black people in this nation . Simply put , to get to the heart of this country , one must examine its racial soul . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : NY Post cartoon combines stimulus with shooting of a chimp He says the cartoon inevitably makes people think of backer of stimulus bill Martin : Clearly the bill was the first priority for President Obama He says anyone who knows history would know that the cartoon is offensive
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Conan O'Brien 's return to TV Monday night stuck close to the standard late night talk show format and set , but he could boast one innovation . "  I believe we 're the first talk show that has a view of the ocean , " O'Brien said . "  You can smell the salt air waft in . " O'Brien and announcer-sidekick Andy Richter demonstrated another new backdrop feature -- an over-sized moon they can move across the sky with a remote control . Exclusive : Watch Conan 's opener Otherwise , the one-hour TBS show has the desk , couch , sidekick , band and a guest promoting a movie familiar to late night audiences for decades . O'Brien 's requisite opening monologue made it clear that "  getting fired " jokes are to Conan what divorce jokes were for Johnny Carson . "  People ask me why I named the show ` Conan , ' " he said . "  I did it so I 'd be harder to replace . " Another chief source of humor for the debut show was his move from the big budget NBC "  Tonight Show " on a broadcast network to the frugal world of basic cable . "  I 'm going to be honest , " O'Brien said . "  It 's not easy doing a late-night show on a channel without a lot of money and that viewers have trouble finding . So that 's why I left NBC . " O'Brien parodied his NBC firing in a pre-produced opening segment that included cameos by actor Jon Hamm on the "  Mad Men " set and CNN 's Larry King as Conan 's guardian angel . O'Brien wasted no time assuring Team CoCo fans that despite the change of channel , they would see his trademark onstage antics and characters , including the infamous X-rated bear . The first official guest was Arlene Wagner , curator of the Leavenworth Nutcracker Museum . She was chosen online in what O'Brien said was rigged voting . Wagner strolled across the stage and out the side door into a studio parking lot , slowing down only to give O'Brien a leprechaun nutcracker . Second guest Seth Rogen stayed for a while to talk about his upcoming "  Green Hornet " movie . "  I 'm so glad everyone more famous was busy , " Rogen said . iReport : What did you think of Conan 's debut ? After interviewing "  Glee " star Lea Michele , Conan strapped on a guitar to jam with music guest Jack White and the house band -- "  Jimmy Vivino and the Basic Cable Band . " The debut show ended with Conan promoting "  Lopez Tonight , " which moved to midnight to make way for his 11 p.m. show . Janet Jackson was on with George Lopez Monday night . Conan O'Brien 's Tuesday night guest will be Tom Hanks .	The new "  Conan " show follows a format familiar to late night viewers Jokes about getting fired and working on basic cable dominated O'Brien 's debut Conan 's new set features an ocean backdrop and a remote-controlled moon
CNN  -- The mother of the 14-year-old Massachusetts boy who allegedly killed his teacher said Saturday her "  heart is broken " for the teacher 's family and that she is struggling to understand the crime . Diana Chism , in a statement released by her son Philip 's attorney , also asked for prayers for all involved . Philip was arrested late Tuesday , accused of killing his 24-year-old algebra teacher , Colleen Ritzer , and dumping her body in nearby woods . "  Ms. Chism 's heart is broken for the Ritzer family and the loss of their daughter and sister Colleen Ritzer , " the statement from attorney Denise Regan reads . "  Ms. Chism would like you to know that her son was born in love and is dear to her , very dear . She is struggling to understand this and respectfully asks for some time to process this . "  She asks that you know that she cares for the world 's hurt over this and greatly hopes for your prayers for the Ritzer family , the Danvers community , for her son , and all those affected by this tragedy . " Chism killed Ritzer in the girl 's bathroom of Danvers High School with a box cutter he brought to school , a source close to the investigation said . He then stashed Ritzer 's body in a recycling bin , rolled it outside and dumped it about 20 feet into the woods behind the school 's athletic fields , the source said . After changing his clothes , Chism went to a Wendy 's restaurant and a movie , sources say . Chism was reported missing Tuesday evening after he failed to return home . As police searched for him , they received another missing persons call about Ritzer . Officers found Chism about an hour later and soon pieced the story together . Those who know Chism describe him as a quiet but normal teenager who excelled at soccer . He was a newcomer to Danvers , north of Boston , and this was his first year at the school . Ritzer was a favorite teacher to many at the high school and was known for her smile and positive spirit . "  She always wanted to be a teacher , all her life . It 's just unbelievable that someone would take her life at such a young age , " said her aunt , Shirley Martellucci . Student saw teacher , alleged killer alone together before slaying CNN 's Adam Sussman contributed to this report .	Diana Chism says her "  heart is broken " for the teacher 's family Her son , Philip , has been arrested in the case The mother says she is struggling to understand it Teacher Colleen Ritzer was killed Tuesday
GAZA CITY  CNN  -- Gaza 's main hospital , already overloaded with Palestinians wounded in the week-long Israeli air assault , has reached critical mass , according to a Norwegian doctor volunteering at Shifa Hospital . A Palestinian father carries his wounded baby daughter into a hospital in Gaza City Sunday . "  The injured patients are mainly civilians , a lot of children with dreadful injuries , " Dr. Erik Fosse told CNN on Monday , estimating that 20 percent of the more than 500 people dead were children . "  This figure is rising , and I think it has to do with the development of the war as it moves into the city , " he added . After a weeklong series of air strikes , Israel launched a ground assault Saturday night . Palestinian medical officials said Israeli forces have killed 37 Palestinians -- both civilians and militants -- since moving into the territory . With those deaths , at least 507 Palestinians have been killed in the military operation , including about 100 women and children , officials said . In addition , 2,600 Palestinians have been injured , most of them civilians , officials said . "  We 've had a steady stream  of patients  every day , but the last 24 hours has  been  about triple the number of cases , " Fosse said late Sunday . Fosse said he estimated that about 30 percent of the casualties at Shifa -- Gaza City 's main hospital -- on Sunday were children , both among the dead and wounded . The increase in casualties at Shifa followed Israel 's ground incursion into Gaza . Fosse said 50 patients were "  severely wounded " when an Israeli air strike hit a food market in Gaza City . Watch Palestinians describe fearful life in Gaza " "  We were operating in the corridors , patients were lying everywhere , and people were dying before they got treatment , " he said . Most of the casualties were due to the air strikes that preceded the ground incursion . Other hospitals in Gaza could not treat the wounded because of a shortage of supplies and staff . Israel has said the military operation is a necessary self-defense measure after repeated rocket attacks from Gaza into southern Israel by Hamas militants . Israeli leaders say they are trying to minimize civilian casualties in Gaza . Last week , Dr. Eyad El-Sarraj , a psychiatrist who runs Gaza 's mental health program , said Gaza was headed for "  a major humanitarian disaster " unless the fighting ended soon . Meanwhile , at the Gaza-Egypt border , nearly 25 trucks carrying aid and medical supplies were unable to pass through the Rafah border crossing on Sunday , CNN 's Karl Penhaul reported . Egyptian authorities said the guards who were manning the Palestinian side of the border had abandoned their posts . Aid workers and drivers banged on the gate to protest the closure . Watch "  absurd " situation at border crossing " An official with the humanitarian group World Vision also confirmed that report , saying : "  Unfortunately today , they closed the border , so no aid entered Gaza today . " "  There are food shortages ... The health system is overwhelmed . The people here do n't have electricity , " added Mohammed El-Halaby , program manager for World Vision , adding that several power lines and water pumps were damaged by last week 's air strikes . On Saturday -- before Israel launched its ground incursion -- old Palestinian ambulances had carried the wounded across the border , where patients were loaded into modern ambulances . Most of those taken into Egypt were civilians , including a teenage boy with his arm blown off , as well as a 4-day-old baby , who was not injured but needed to be kept on a ventilator and in an incubator . iReport.com : Share reactions to the crisis in the Middle East About 10 truckloads of donations from Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Turkey and Greece crossed into Gaza on Saturday .	NEW : Doctor : Some 20 percent of the 500 people dead at hospital are children NEW : At least 507 Palestinians have been killed in the military operation Doctor : "  people were dying before they got treatment " Some 25 trucks bearing aid could not cross the Gaza-Egypt border on Sunday
CNN  -- In an auction featuring memorabilia from the Beatles , Madonna and Elvis Presley , it was Michael Jackson who proved to be king . The red and black jacket , winged shoulders and all , that the late pop star wore during his zombie-ridden "  Thriller " video fetched a $ 1.8 million bid at this weekend 's Julien 's auction in Beverly Hills , California , according to the auctioneer 's website . The winning price was exponentially above the estimated bid of $ 200,000 to $ 400,000 . Part of the proceeds will go toward the Shambala Preserve where Jackson 's two Bengal tigers , Thriller and Sabu , have been living the past five years . The jacket had been given to Dennis Tompkins and Michael Bush , the singer 's longtime costume designers , to use as a reference for concert performances of the "  Thriller " song . It includes an inscription to them on the jacket 's lining , and the sleeve is signed , "  Love Michael Jackson . " Its sale came exactly two years after the then 50-year-old Jackson was killed by a surgical anesthetic called Propofol , which a Los Angeles coroner ruled killed the singer in combination with several sedatives found in his blood . The jacket was n't the only piece of history from the late King of Pop that was part of the auction . The signature fedora Jackson wore during his Bad Tour was sold for $ 16,250 , a handwritten note to friend Elizabeth Taylor went for $ 5,625 and a signed pillowcase fetched $ 3,584 . And a bidder paid out $ 330,000 -- more than 10 times what Julien 's had expected to get -- for one of the famous , shiny , crystal-covered gloves that Jackson wore during the 1980s . "  Michael Jackson has an unbelievable fan base , " Darren Julien , the auction house 's president , told CNN earlier this month . Other pieces of history , from other members of music royalty , were also featured at the auction . While gold records and instruments were common items , others were more practical -- like Frank Sinatra 's boots  selling for $ 2,500  and his 1986 Jaguar car  $ 19,000  . as well as the U.S. Army-issued sewing kit of Elvis Presley 's that went for $ 1,536 . The King of Pop 's closest competition at the auction was the Beatles , which had a number of items for sale . A signed postcard from Liverpool 's finest sold for $ 5,504 and Paul McCartney 's bass guitar fetched $ 14,080 . But oft-diminished drummer Ringo may have gotten the last laugh , with the cape he wore in the movie "  Help ! " selling for $ 37,500 -- about five times the estimate .	NEW : One of Jackson 's crystal-covered gloves sells for $ 330,000 , 10 times the estimate A bidder pays $ 1.8 million for the red and black jacket that he made famous in "  Thriller " Other items auctioned this weekend were from Bob Dylan , Frank Sinatra and Elvis The cape that the Beatles ' Ringo Starr wore in "  Help ! " sold for $ 37,500
CNN  -- Coming back this weekend after a stay in Europe , I had that distinct sensation -- last felt when Lehman Brothers capsized , setting off the Great Recession -- that we once again find ourselves at the mercy of events and people just beyond our control . Here at home , one hears that by Wednesday dawn , we will know whether BP 's latest big try to stop the oil spill will work . If it does , we can begin to feel that we are moving in the right direction , but if it does n't -- well , no one is quite sure what Plan D looks like . Is this really where we have come : that the fate of our precious coastlines and the waters off our coasts are in the hands of a single foreign-based company ? A month ago , it looked like the White House was on top of this problem , as Cabinet officers scurried here and there , the Coast Guard and others swung into action , there were talks with BP , and the president paid a personal visit . But increasingly , it has become apparent that the federal government may be present but is not in charge . It keeps saying that BP bears ultimate responsibility . It is keeping the press away . No wonder James Carville , Chris Matthews and Donna Brazile exploded late last week . They are right on a basic point : Ultimately it is not the responsibility of BP or any other company to protect American interests but the responsibility of the federal government . Some Obama supporters have argued that the 1990 Oil Pollution Act limits the president 's capacity to take action . Others disagree . Either way , in an emergency , laws can be changed . Although this disaster is not an existential threat , it could be argued that if the U.S. government had fought World War II in the same way it has fought the oil spill , we might well be speaking German now . Faced with a growing danger to our well-being , a WWII-type government would at minimum have : • Brought in the CEOs of all the major oil companies and charged them with the duty of an all-hands collaborative effort to stop the spill and help ward off the damage . • Brought in the best minds in the country , from universities and technology , for emergency efforts to find solutions . • Moved quickly to mobilize the National Guard and other military forces , if necessary , ensuring that they received the resources needed to protect our beaches . • Made a clear call to citizen volunteers to help where necessary . • Given Cabinet officers an ultimatum : Get this under control in the next 30 days , or else . There will be ample time after this disaster for finger-pointing and blame-laying . The key now is to get this spill under control before it does far more damage . Meanwhile , the Washington Post had it exactly right Monday morning when it argued that with the European crisis spreading now beyond Greece , "  the knife-edge psychology currently governing global markets has put the future of the U.S. economic recovery in the hands of politicians in an assortment of European capitals . " Across Europe , one finds people stunned at the rapidity with which this crisis has grown , threatening not only their weak economies but also their dreams of a European utopia with people living a honeyed existence . All that could go smash now . Indeed , it is ironic that Europe may now be forced to give up its strong welfare state even as the U.S. is moving toward it . But the immediate point is that the U.S. finds itself too much at the mercy of whether European politicians and publics now make the right moves . It may take a while , but Americans are going to start feeling a lot happier about our country when we once again believe we have strong control of own destiny . Leadership , anyone ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen : Growing concern that government is not responding adequately to oil spill He says it does n't make sense that fate of U.S. coast is in hands of one company Determined government response would have mobilized more resources , he says
Washington  CNN  -- The National Security Agency spent Friday on the defensive , after details got out about an internal audit that found the agency had broken privacy rules "  thousands of times each year " since 2008 . The audit was first reported by the Washington Post on Thursday , setting off another round of heated discussion -- and criticism -- in Washington over how the NSA had wrongly impinged on Americans ' privacy . "  I ... will continue to demand honest and forthright answers from the intelligence community , " said Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , noting the Senate Judiciary Committee he chairs will hold a hearing on the Post 's revelations . "  I remain concerned that we are still not getting straightforward answers from the NSA . " In a call with reporters Friday , John DeLong -- the NSA 's director of compliance -- acknowledged "  mistakes occur , " even as he insisted only a "  tiny " amount of such problems were intentional . "  No one at NSA thinks a mistake is OK , " DeLong said several times in the call , which a spokesman said was conducted to "  address inaccuracies . " NSA leaker Edward Snowden -- whose ongoing leaks have riled the Obama administration and intelligence community -- provided the material to the Post earlier this summer . The May 2012 audit found 2,776 incidents of "  unauthorized collection , storage , access to or distribution of legally protected communications " in the preceding 12 months , the Post reported in its story . "  Most were unintended . Many involved failures of due diligence or violations of standard operating procedure , " said the Post article by reporter Barton Gellman . "  The most serious incidents included a violation of a court order and unauthorized use of data about more than 3,000 Americans and green-card holders . " Leahy was not the only lawmaker , nor the only member of President Barack Obama 's Democratic party , to call for more oversight and hearings . "  Press reports that the National Security Agency broke privacy rules thousands of times per year and reportedly sought to shield required disclosure of privacy violations are extremely disturbing , " said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . Pelosi called for "  rigorous oversight " by Congress on the "  incidents of non-compliance . " Another Democrat from California , Senate Intelligence Committee chairwoman Sen. Dianne Feinstein , told the Post in a statement late Thursday night that her committee "  can and should do more to independently verify that NSA 's operations are appropriate , and its reports of compliance incidents are accurate . " The Washington Post reported that most incidents involved unauthorized surveillance of Americans or foreign intelligence targets in the country . In one case , the NSA decided it did n't need to report the unintended surveillance . In 2008 , a "  large number " of calls placed from Washington were intercepted due to a programming error that confused the capitol 's 202 area code for 20 , the international dialing code for Egypt . The information came from a "  quality assurance " review that was n't distributed to the NSA overnight staff , according to the Post . Separately , an NSA new collection method went undiscovered by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court for months . The court , which has authority over some of the agency 's operations , ruled it unconstitutional . Responding to the Post 's story , the NSA said , "  A variety of factors can cause the numbers of incidents to trend up or down from one quarter to the next . " Factors can include implementation of new procedures , technology or software changes and expanded access . "  The one constant across all of the quarters is a persistent , dedicated effort to identify incidents or risks of incidents at the earliest possible moment , implement mitigation measures wherever possible , and drive the numbers down , " the agency said . The agency released another statement Thursday night defending its programs . "  NSA 's foreign intelligence collection activities are continually audited and overseen internally and externally , " it said . "  When NSA makes a mistake in carrying out its foreign intelligence mission , the agency reports the issue internally and to federal overseers -- and aggressively gets to the bottom of it . " On Friday , DeLong said his agency "  detects and corrects mistakes " as these occur and are identified , which stops them from being "  propagated . " "  The NSA has zero tolerance for misconduct , " he said , noting that those who make repeated mistakes lose access to key databases . Overall , DeLong insisted , the NSA carefully adheres to privacy protections . White House spokesman Josh Earnest offered a similar statement Friday , saying the NSA compliance office 's review reflects its commitment to abiding by the law and protecting people 's privacy . "  The documents demonstrate that the NSA is monitoring , detecting , addressing and reporting compliance incidents , " Earnest said . The man who leaked the audit to the Post , Snowden , stepped forward publicly in June to claim responsibility for leaking to the media that the NSA had secretly collected and stored millions of phone records from accounts in the United States . The agency also collected information from U.S. companies on the Internet activity of overseas residents , he said . Snowden fled first to Hong Kong and then to Russia before Moscow granted him temporary asylum despite pressure from the Obama administration to return him to the United States to face charges . He has been charged with three felony counts , including violations of the U.S. Espionage Act , for the leaks . NSA : We read .00004 % of Web traffic Although polling shows Americans harbor skepticism of the domestic surveillance programs Snowden revealed , a majority of Americans do n't approve of the actions he took and they think he , as an American citizen , should be brought to justice . A CNN/ORC International survey released last month indicated that 52 % of the public disapproved of Snowden 's actions , while 44 % said they approved of the leaks . Fifty-four percent of those questioned in the poll said the government should attempt to bring Snowden back to the United States and prosecute him for his leaks . As for the program Snowden revealed , there is a noticeable generational divide on the surveillance tactics , with younger Americans more likely to support Snowden than older Americans . CNN 's Lesa Jansen and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : White House : Audit shows NSA 's efforts to find , address privacy violations NEW : NSA admits "  mistakes " do occur , insists most are quickly addressed Washington Post counts 2,776 incidents -- violations of rules of court orders on surveillance Congressional leaders express concern about mistakes , call for more oversight
CNN  -- Screenwriter William Goldman has written some of the most famous lines in movie history . You know the ones . "  My name is Inigo Montoya . You killed my father . Prepare to die " from "  The Princess Bride . " "  Is it safe ? " from "  Marathon Man . " "  Follow the money " from "  All the President 's Men . " "  Think ya used enough dynamite there , Butch ? " from "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid . " He 's won two Oscars , two Edgars , a Hugo and a career achievement award from the National Board of Review . He obviously knows how to write . And he still has no idea why some of his dialogue manages to become part of the national vernacular . There are so many factors that go into creating a movie , he says , that it 's all a writer can do to get his script right . "  When you 're doing a movie you have no idea who the powers on the movie are going to be , and is there going to be a star who wants this line or does n't like that line . You 're at the mercy of everybody and you do the best you can , " he says . "  But you never know . " It 's no wonder that another of Goldman 's most famous lines is his summation of Hollywood : "  Nobody knows anything . " If you 're a screenwriter , it 's not exactly something you can plan . Maybe the actor gives a line a poor spin ; maybe the director does n't capture the moment ; maybe the film editor changes the rhythm of the scene in the cutting room . It 's been said that nobody plans to make a bad film , but with so many variables at play , even a good script is n't bulletproof . Great cast ! Great director ! Why did that movie flop ? Fred Shapiro , editor of "  The Yale Book of Quotations " and several other books in the field , points out that movie quotations can be a shorthand -- something that brings up powerful associations . "  Some movie quotes become popular because they evoke a great film , or a great scene , or a great actor , " he says . "  Sometimes the words of the quote become proverbial -- something like ` The natives are restless ' or ` If you build it they will come ' or ` Win one for the Gipper ! ' They enter into the language . " He also notes that lines tend to get condensed or changed . For example , he was quick to point out that the correct quotation from "  Field of Dreams " is "  If you build it , he will come . " They 're also social glue . Repeat a line from popular comedies such as "  Airplane ! " or "  Monty Python and the Holy Grail , " and you can immediately establish bonds with similarly minded individuals . This summer Marvel fans have been fond of repeating , "  I am Groot . " The late Harold Ramis was a champ at composing such wisecracks , anti-establishment jokes that have been repeated by generations of viewers . During the Oscars , Pepsi even promoted its "  mini can " with a commercial that featured only well-known movie quotations . Why that strategy ? "  We want to take this to an emotional place , " Seth Kaufman , PepsiCo 's VP-marketing for colas , told Advertising Age . Shapiro makes a distinction between popular quotations and catchphrases . The latter is more of a trademark , he says -- Bugs Bunny 's "  What 's up , doc ? " , for example -- and incessantly repeated . They 're often even said in the voice of the performer . It 's hard to say "  Make my day " without evoking Clint Eastwood 's clenched-jaw delivery . These days , thanks to repeated television showings , video streaming and the Internet , quotations attach themselves to our craniums more quickly than ever . Ironically , that means the person who wrote the immortal line is now more ignored than ever . Think about Goldman 's classics : Who do you think of , the actor or the writer ? "  Nobody cares about who the screenwriter is , " Goldman says . "  That 's one of the things you have to deal with if you write a screenplay . Nobody has the least knowledge of what 's going to work , and everybody wants Tom Cruise . "	No one can plan or guess about which movie quotations will become much repeated Screenwriter William Goldman says the writer is mostly likely thinking about the story Quotes are a shorthand , evoking a whole movie -- and the memories of that film
CNN  -- Juventus coach Antonio Conte has failed to overturn a 10-month ban for his role in a match fixing scandal after the Italian Football Federation  FICG  rejected his appeal Wednesday . Conte led Juve to the Serie A title last season but was punished for failing to report alleged corruption in two Serie B matches when he was previously in charge of then second flight Siena . The 43-year-old was handed his suspension on August 10 and appeared in person this week before the disciplinary commission of the FICG at the Federal Court of Justice in Rome to argue his case . But his pleas have been rejected . "  The Federal Court of Justice can confirm the 10-month disqualification for Antonio Conte , " said a statement on the FICG website . "  It was decided to acquit Conte for his role in the Novara-Siena game , but the 10-month disqualification stands as a disciplinary commission sanction concerning Albinoleffe-Siena . " Conte is the most prominent figure caught up in the so-called ` Calcioscommesse ' illegal betting scandal -- largely confined to clubs in the second flight Serie B of Italian football . His suspension leaves Juventus without a coach for the start of their title defense against Parma in Turin Saturday although Conte is allowed to participate on the training ground . Gianni Merlo , the chief sports writer of Gazzetta Dello Sport , told CNN that Juventus would launch a further appeal to the Court of Arbitration of the Italian Olympic Committee next month . "  Juventus has defended him very strongly , the president of Juventus  Andrea Agnelli  has said this is a kind of witchhunt , but he is very inexperienced in these matters , " he added . Agnelli appointed Conte before the start of last campaign and his first season in charge proved a triumph as the Turin giants swept to the Scudetto for a record 28th time . In their ruling , FICG has shown a measure of clemency to Conte 's assistant Angelo Alessio , who saw his ban cut from eight months to six months after he was found guilty of the same offenses at Siena . Lecce 's appeal against demotion from Serie B was rejected , but Grosseto were reinstated to the division . The affair has unhappy echoes of the previous match fixing scandal which swept Italian football six years ago and led to Juventus being stripped of two titles and demoted to Serie B. Meanwhile , ahead of the new season a major transfer switch was completed Wednesday with AC Milan and Inter agreeing to swap strikers Giampaolo Pazzini and Antonio Cassano . Milan , who will play in the Champions League this season , have also additionally paid â ‚ ¬ 7m  $ 8.73 m  to secure Pazzini . Cassano , who battled a heart condition before playing a key role for Italy in Euro 2012 campaign , has signed a two-year deal at Inter . "  Finally , after what seems like an eternity , I 've signed for the club I 've always supported , " he told Inter 's official website .	Antonio Conte 's appeal against a 10-month ban rejected Juve coach Conte implicated in match fixing scandal at previous club Siena Juventus start Serie A title defense Saturday against Parma Giampaolo Pazzini and Antonio Cassano swap Milan clubs
Southern Living  -- On a bright Big Bend afternoon in far-west Texas , I steer myself along a high-desert , two-lane highway , tufts of dried-up tumbleweed thistle packed like snow against barbed-wire fences . The sky above opens up its cobalt tent ; the space beneath stretches as far as an ocean . Rugged landscapes and wide-open spaces inspire artists and visitors in West Texas . U.S. 90 leads me through the Davis Mountains and ocotillo-and-cactus flats to Marfa , Alpine and Marathon , a string of three Big Bend towns just 60 miles apart . Here they live as siblings in a remote , starkly beautiful landscape as mysterious to me as Mars . "  Driving from Dallas , we often joke , ` Who would put a town out here ? And who would live in it ? ' " says Marfa wood artist Camp Bosworth . "  And we realize , well , us . " Far-off inspiration It 's hard to believe inspiration can come in so far-off and austere a place , but it 's all around you . Marfa , Alpine and Marathon sit along U.S. 90 like hitching posts . On first glance , the three are all Mayberrys of another era . Marfa 's one blinking red light ; the Alpine Dairy Queen and Big Bend Saddlery ; Marathon 's three blocks of storefronts facing the railroad . But I visit in search of the defining quality that draws people 400 miles west of San Antonio to live and to visit . I 'm looking for the real towns , what makes them so alluring and freeing , to "  slow down and see , " as Bosworth describes . As one New York transplant to Marfa tells me , "  Good things come with space . " Vintage and vogue Bosworth introduces himself on my first night in Marfa at the opening of a gas-station-turned-folk-art-gallery called Yard Dog . The two rooms of Yard Dog glow in the pitch-black stillness of the nearly 2,000-person town . Inside , the scene teems with locals , some who look like Willie Nelson , some like Brooklyn hipsters , all toasting yet another gallery émigré . Bosworth , who moved to the Big Bend eight years ago , wears a canvas Carhartt jacket and black designer eyeglasses , a stylish mix of rancher and Warhol seen all over Marfa . We step outside . "  Out here you can just breathe , " he says , referring to the whole Big Bend , where Texas leans toward the Rio Grande and Mexico reaches back . "  That constant push to do is gone . And instantly at night , there are a million stars . In the openness you suddenly feel creative . " SouthernLiving.com : Marfa Travel Planner True cowboys ride bikes In Marfa , vintage bicycles replace horses . Bosworth himself owns more than 10 throwback Schwinns and Flyers . After a night 's sleep at the Thunderbird Hotel , a motor court revamped with minimalist looks  and record players  , I rise early and pedal through town on a hotel bike . I pass the high school , the silver water tower , and the pinkish 1886 Presidio County courthouse -- all signs of Big Bend normalcy . Large cherry red letters mark one gorgeous white building -- JUDD -- near Maiya 's , a sleek Italian cafe , and down from the hacienda-like Hotel Paisano . I stop near the single flashing signal by Marfa Book Company and Marfa Public Radio , where NPR programs mix with station manager Tom Michael 's local news and interviews . Food Shark Late morning , the Food Shark , an aluminum-body gourmet lunch truck , rolls into town and parks near the tracks , where honey-colored benches and tables sit under the farmers market pavilion . Jack the dog roams around while folks buy Mediterranean dishes from the Food Shark , manned by a friendly couple , Adam and Krista . Savoring open space From my chickpea Marfalafel basket , it 's off to the Chinati Foundation , a former army base filled with art installations by Donald Judd and his contemporaries . Judd , whose work has had tremendous influence on modern sculpture , began buying land south of Marfa and buildings in town in the 1970s for preservation purposes as well as his own use . He savored Marfa 's open space . High desert inspiration Of the highway town trio , Alpine is the busy one , where outliers visit for dry cleaning , a pharmacy , an Amtrak pickup station or the largest grocery . Alpine 's thriving liberal arts university Sul Ross State looks down on the town , which , like its neighbor communities , lives at nearly mile-high elevation . Sweet aromas in the mountain-fresh air pull locals to Judy 's Bread and Breakfast , where folks pass the paper over homemade cinnamon rolls . Even as a passerby , I get warm looks that say pull up a chair . SouthernLiving.com : Alpine Travel Planner Makin ' it rattle A block down Holland Avenue at Kiowa Gallery , the spirited Keri Artzt greets me at the door , as colorfully dressed as the walls in her place . "  You do n't come to Alpine for a mall fix , " Peggy Martin , a nine-year employee , says . "  But we can make it rattle if we need to . " In a town of painted murals -- I see several driving from Kiowa to the Big Bend Saddlery -- Alpineers draw from the same creative wellspring as do its sister towns . Listen to the music As the sun curves to its peak , Alpine steals a few hours from winter , and guitar-maker Michael Stevens wipes a bead of sweat off his brow . Living on 10 acres just south of town , his workshop window faces uninterrupted miles of native grasses and wispy clouds . His completed instruments , shiny and perfect , hang inside . You 'd swear laser-guided machines made the guitars . The craft is astounding . Jackrabbits can talk Back in town , comic strip artist Chris Ruggia opens his small studio with pleasure . "  Jack , " his cartoon ode to the ecology of the vast Big Bend wilderness , stars kangaroo rats , jackrabbits and coyotes . "  It 's such an emphatic region , " the quiet man says . "  As an artist , you really respond to it . " Guided by biologists from The Nature Conservancy and Sul Ross , interpreters from Big Bend National Park and his own wandering eye , Ruggia 's more than 40 "  Jack " online episodes bring art and the landscape side-by-side . Long way home In the couple of days I 've spent traveling around these three towns , I 've found the rolling drive between places to be quite calming . Peggy Martin at Kiowa Gallery said I would . "  This is a healing place , " she says , "  because people have time . " From Alpine , I tune into KRTS-FM :93.5 , the region 's community station , letting the midday classical hour play sound track to the passing miles of sage brush , desert willow and limestone rises . Welcome to Marathon Thirty miles flash by as a cello player finishes a piece that sounds like strings singing through the radio . Marathon  population 455  is by far the smallest of the three . For days , people in Marfa and Alpine have mentioned two mainstays in Marathon over and over : the Gage Hotel and photographer James Evans . SouthernLiving.com : Marathon Travel Planner Worth a thousand words "  The landscape is like a relative now , " Evans tells me , lounging on a leather chair in his highway photo gallery . Window-size , silver gelatin prints of his "  800,000-acre backyard , " as he calls Big Bend , hang in the serene , wood-planked room . Evans lights up when I ask about the vistas surrounding us , where the onetime Gage Hotel cook has spent 20 years documenting the region . "  When I first go back , I usually start on old River Road , " he says about his journeys from Marathon into the rough country . He describes a flashing creek photographed by moonlight on a 30-minute exposure , much the way Ansel Adams shot Yosemite ; floating through the Santa Elena Canyon ; and how he hikes to spots by dusk so he can wake up there . "  I could shoot this area forever . " Whispering memories This brief moment with Evans is telling . The photographer 's eyes drift off . His voice softens . And he 's gone away somewhere miles from this room . His 60,000 photos of the Big Bend must carry countless memories , unspoken things that act as muse and healer both . I find myself remembering this as night falls over Marathon . A fire crackles in my Gage Hotel room , while the fountain in the courtyard slowly begins succumbing to a sinking chill . Outside , I stand in the cold , looking up over the adobe walls at a sky full of stars , believing these places have whispered to me as well . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2009 Southern Living magazine . All rights reserved .	The towns of Marfa , Alpine and Marathon sit along U.S. 90 like hitching posts "  Good things come with space , " says a New York transplant to west Texas Of the highway town trio , Alpine is the busy one
CNN  -- The experiment of extra match officials will be extended to Europe 's top club competition and several other tournaments around the world . Football 's governing body FIFA will allow the use of two additional assistant referees in the UEFA Champions League for the next two seasons and the Asian Football Confederation 's President 's Cup in September , as well as competitions in Brazil , France and Mexico . The experiment , which involves an assistant behind the goal at either end of the pitch , was first tried at youth level and then last season in UEFA 's second-tier Europa League . The confirmation came after a meeting of the International Football Association Board 's technical sub-committee in Wales on Wednesday , which also announced that goal-line technology will be discussed in October . FIFA has been under increasing pressure to change its current system of match officiating following controversial incidents at the 2010 World Cup that saw England wrongly denied a goal against Germany and Argentina incorrectly awarded a score against Mexico . Blatter relents over goal-line technology The IFAB , which includes representatives from FIFA and the four British associations , ruled out employing goal-line technology at a meeting in March . FIFA said in a statement on its website on Wednesday that the extra officials will be used until 2012 , when a decision will be made whether to establish them as a fulltime feature of the game . It said the relevant member associations would have to fund the extra costs involved .	The Champions League will experiment with extra match officials for next two seasons Football 's rule-making body also extends trial to AFC President 's Cup and other competitions An extra assistant referee will stand behind goal line at both ends of the pitch IFAB meeting also confirms that goal-line technology will be discussed in October
CNN  -- A grocer has told a court in Italy that an American woman accused of murdering British student Meredith Kercher was in his shop the morning after the death , contradicting the timeline she had previously given . Both Raffaele Sollecito  left  and Amanda Knox deny charges of murder and sexual assault . Amanda Knox , 21 , has said she was at the home of her former boyfriend and co-accused Raffaele Sollecito , 24 , until 10 a.m. on the day after Knox 's roommate , Meredith Kercher , was stabbed to death . She said she then left for her house to take a shower . But on Saturday , witness Marco Quintavalle said a young woman he identified as Knox came into his supermarket near Sollecito 's house in Perugia at 7:45 a.m. on November 2 . He said the woman was waiting for him to open up , and that he exchanged glances with her when she entered . "  It really struck me , she had a very pale face and these light eyes , " Quintavalle said . "  I can still see the image in my head . " Asked by the presiding judge Giancarlo Massei if that woman was in the courtroom , Quintavalle said he was sure it was Knox . "  It 's her , I 'm sure of it , " he said , looking at her , according to the Daily Telegraph . Knox did not appear to react . After the death police found a receipt at Sollecito 's house for cleaning products from the shop where Knox was allegedly spotted , the paper said . Officers say bleach and cloths found in the house were used to clean the knife used in the murder and the murder scene itself . Knox and Sollecito are charged with murder and sexual assault in the November 2007 killing of Kercher , who died in what prosecutors called a "  drug-fueled sex game " with the couple and a third person , Rude Guede . Guede was convicted of murder in October and sentenced to 30 years in prison . He is expected to be one of about 100 witnesses in the case . Kercher was found dead in her bed , half-naked , with a knife wound to her neck . In court papers , prosecutors state that Sollecito held Kercher by her wrists while Knox poked at her with a knife and Guede sexually assaulted her . Prosecutors say they have physical evidence placing the defendants at the scene , and that they gave investigators confusing and contradictory statements about their whereabouts the night Kercher died . Knox first said she was at the house she shared with Kercher , then changed her story , according to court records . Sollecito , meanwhile , said he was never at the house , but was at his apartment , watching a movie on his computer with Knox . Later , he told investigators he did not remember whether Knox was with him the entire night . Defense lawyers are expecteed to argue that the physical evidence was tainted by sloppy police work . The trial , which is expected to take months , has drawn more than 140 journalists from 86 news outlets to the courthouse in Perugia , a university town about 185 km  115 miles  north of Rome .	Grocer contradicts timeline of woman accused of murdering Meredith Kercher Says Amanda Knox in his shop after death , at time Knox said she was in bed Knox and former boyfriend charged with murder , sexual assault British student Meredith Kercher was found dead in a villa in November 2007
CNN  -- Someone called police with a report of an armed man at actor Russell Brand 's Hollywood home Monday , but it turned out to be a "  fraudulent call , " Los Angeles police told CNN . There was no emergency , Officer Sara Faden said . She did not know whether Brand was home during the 3:35 p.m. incident . "  We sent a number of officers from our Hollywood division . The officers saw no crime or anyone with a need for medical attention , " Detective Gus Villanueva said . There have been several such "  swatting " incidents targeting celebrity homes in Los Angeles in the past year . Other victims include Ashton Kutcher and Justin Bieber . Brand , 38 , starred in the movies "  Forgetting Sarah Marshall " and "  Get Him to the Greek " and was married for about two years to pop star Katy Perry . CNN 's Alan Duke , Tresha Lindo and Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	LAPD responds to false report of man with gun It 's not known whether Brand was home during incident Brand is latest in string of celebrity ` swatting ' victims
LONDON , England  CNN  -- This week the who 's who of the United Arab Emirates rubbed shoulders at a Gala dinner . Business people talked deals , swapped business cards and rubbed shoulders with government elite -- in China . Sheikh Mohammad bin Rashed al Maktoum with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao The Chinese government invited Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum on an official visit to the country . The ruler responded by arriving with an entourage of 50 business leaders and throngs of government support -- an obvious symbol of the importance the U.A.E. has put on growing relations with China . "  China is a booming market . We 're here exploring opportunities with Chinese government entities as well as Chinese private sector companies , " said Sultan Al Jabar CEO of sustainable energy company , Masdar . The U.S. and Europe arguably identified the exploding opportunities in China 15 years ago and , in fact , make up the bulk of the investment into the country . Compared with the huge amounts of dollars pouring in from these countries , Middle Eastern nations do relatively little business in China . Trade has mostly centred on oil imports coming out of the Gulf and cheap Chinese goods coming into the region from the other direction . Neverthess , trade between the two countries reached $ 19 billion last year and the U.A.E is keen to strengthen and diversify ties with the booming Chinese economy by investing in areas like finance , real estate and construction . "  China , India , the U.A.E. are considered fast growing emerging markets . So , what it is , is we have to see what are the niche markets and some growth where we can complement each other rather than compete , " Sheikha Lubna Al Qasimi , the U.A.E. Minister of Foreign Trade told CNN . Sultan Ahmed Bin Sulayem is Chairman of Dubai World , the Dubai government 's powerful holding company which supervises a portfolio of businesses -- including the third largest ports operator in the world , DP World . The company is looking at investing in China and considers real estate and finance attractive investments , according to Bin Sulayem . "  We would like to do business in a sector we are familiar with . We 're big in real estate . We 're big developers . We also look at the financial sector because we have a merger with a mortgage company in Dubai . We are investing in financial institutions , " he said . Bin Sulayem thinks that in today 's climate it is easier to invest in the East than the West : "  We are concentrating in China , concentrating in Africa , because these are places where they 're hungry for capital and there is growth potential , " he said , "  The officials in the East are encouraging while the officials in the West are creating noises unnecessarily . So , naturally , people will look at more investment in the East , " he continued . To drive home the U.A.E. 's interest in doing business with China , Sheikh Mohammed Al Maktoum met with Chinese president Hu Jintao in Beijing . He also oversaw the signing of a private investment deal between telecommunications firm , Etisalat announcing plans to set up a research center with a Chinese partner , Huawei Technologies . The two companies have been working together for about five years but getting things done in China is still far from easy , according to Etisalat CEO , Ahmad Abdulkarim Julfar : "  At the beginning of our relationship with Huawei , there was a communication issue . But that has been overcome . With others , we have to approach different people to get a decision made . So , in business , time is the most valuable thing and we do n't have time to waste , " he said . Very few of the U.A.E. delegation have any experience working with the Chinese , which is why the government is conducting a seminar especially for Sheikh Mohammed Al Maktoum 's executives on the basics of doing business in China . They hope the lessons which include talking about the country 's laws and business culture will help any future business collaborations to go smoothly . The Chinese are working to bridge the cultural gap too . "  We tell Chinese companies to be careful of eating pork and drinking alcohol in the U.A.E. , to learn English and Arabic and not to sell fake goods . Chinese firms are still finding their way , " Qiu Yong Xiang , General Manager of state-owned investment company , China International Intellectech Corp. . China and the U.A.E. are certainly building closer ties and striving for more profitable partnerships . E-mail to a friend	Dubai 's ruler met Chinese president , Hu Jintao this week during an official visit The two countries -- both booming -- hope to strengthen business ties U.A.E. telecommunications firm Etisalat signed a deal with Huawei Technologies The Chinese conducted seminars on doing business in China for executives
CNN  -- Samuel Eto'o scored his 17th goal in 16 games but his controversial penalty could only salvage a 1-1 home draw for Italian champions Inter Milan against Brescia in the San Siro on Saturday . Andrea Caracciolo put newly-promoted Brescia in front in the first half , but it was canceled out by Eto'o 's strike after the break . The Cameroon international went down himself in the penalty area as he tussled with Gaetano Berardi , but the award of the spot-kick was met with disbelief by the visiting players . The disappointing draw leaves Inter three points adrift of leaders Lazio , who are playing Roma in the capital derby on Sunday . Inter came into the match off the back of a 3-1 reverse to Tottenham Hotspur and with coach Rafael Benitez having to shuffle his pack after injuries to key players . But striker Diego Milito was able to start his first game for over a month and was soon involved as he shot just wide . Brescia were ahead on 14 minutes as Caracciolo slipped the ball under home keeper Luca Castellazzi . Eto'o , who is in the form of his life , twice came close to an equalizer and then set up Goran Pandev for a chance he spurned from close range . Inter lost Maicon and Walter Samuel to injury after the break and struggled for an equalizer before they won their penalty on 73 minutes . TV replays appeared to indicated Eto'o had trod on the ball as he went down , but Benitez said the award was fair . "  From the bench it seemed a penalty to me , " he told AFP . Milito shot over in injury time from a great position , but defeat would have been harsh on Brescia . In other Serie A action on Saturday , Bologna moved out of the relegation zone with a 2-0 win over Lecce with Marco Di Vaio and Henry Gimenez scoring in the final six minutes .	Inter Milan held to 1-1 home draw against Brescia on San Siro Samuel Eto'o scores disputed penalty to equalize in second half Bologna out of Serie A relegation zone with 2-0 win over Lecce
CNN  -- Imagine that Ted Cruz became the GOP nominee for president in 2016 , running against Hillary Clinton . And now imagine that he won the general election in a landslide , getting record-high vote percentage for the Republicans and capturing states and constituencies the GOP had not won for decades . That seemingly unlikely scenario is the rough equivalent of what happened in India last week , when Narendra Modi , head of India 's conservative , pro-business Bharatiya Janata Party , or BJP , and bÃªte noire among the Delhi and Mumbai smart sets , led his coalition to the best general election performance in India in three decades . Modi will lead India 's first majority government not run by the Congress party , which has ruled India for the vast majority of its 67 years of Independence . While Modi 's electoral success first and foremost has implications for India , it has broader lessons to teach as well , ones that Republicans might do well to heed as they attempt to develop a working majority in America 's own increasingly multicultural democracy , which , however fractious , pales in comparison to the complex vagaries of Indian politics . That Modi has managed to create a broad conservative and pro-market parliamentary majority in a country with more than 1.2 billion people , numerous ethnic groups , thousands of castes , and 22 official languages is , to say the least , no small feat . To understand Modi , and the implications of his victory for American conservatives , one must begin by understanding the existing social and political landscape of Indian elites . The Congress Party , which for decades has championed welfare programs and central planning as its economic identity , has long been India 's "  natural " ruling party . Congress is more internationalist in its origins , and is favored by India 's upper classes and intelligentsia . The BJP , meanwhile , is the party of the Hindu heartland , culturally and religiously conservative , and generally speaking , far more supportive of the free market than Congress . The BJP is also supported by businessmen and industrialists , and increasingly , India 's rising middle class . In fashionable drawing rooms of Delhi , the BJP is frequently treated with dismissal and derision , similar to that faced by Republicans from the Hamptons to Hollywood . It is a measure of elites ' continued control of India 's image in both the national and international media , that Modi was regularly referred to in the media as "  divisive " even after winning a popular mandate unprecedented in the last several decades . So how did Modi , long dismissed as unelectable , manage to win an unprecedented electoral mandate for his conservative party without compromising on his principles , and what can the GOP learn from him ? First , he embraced populist conservative themes consistently against his entitled and out-of-touch opponent , Rahul Gandhi , who claimed to speak for India 's common man while living a life of luxury . Modi regularly mocked Gandhi , drawing attention to his role as the scion of a political dynasty that has ruled India dating back to his great-grandfather Jawaharlal Nehru . As long as the GOP faces Hillary Clinton and nominates someone without the last name Bush , it will have a compelling similar story to tell . Potential candidates like Marco Rubio and Bobby Jindal , both children of immigrants , will provide a welcome contrast to the privileged daughter of Wellesley and wife of the former President On economics , in the face of a Congress Party that endlessly discussed continued expansion of India 's notoriously corrupt and inefficient safety net , Modi relentlessly focused on growth and economic opportunity . His positive message was about growing the pie , not sharing the crumbs , and could have been taken out of the playbook of free market conservatives from Jack Kemp to Ronald Reagan . Furthermore , Modi 's electoral wave decimated the Communist parties in India , which have long been a powerful national force and now find themselves with just 10 seats in the 543-seat Lok Sabha , India 's most powerful legislative body . Modi referred many times to his successful leadership of more than a decade of the Indian state of Gujarat , where numerous Indian and international businessmen testified to the way Modi 's government streamlined regulations , cut through India 's notorious red tape , and put people to work . Compared to other Indian states , Gujarat 's governance was known for its efficiency and probity . Conservative economic reformers from Paul Ryan to Scott Walker can take lessons from Modi 's successful challenge to the establishment . Throughout his career , Modi has also been an unapologetic social conservative . His political origins are in the RSS , a group that would be considered nationalist Hindu fundamentalists  somewhat politically analogous to conservative evangelical Christians in the United States  . But while not backing down at all from his views during the campaign , he did not make them the focus of his effortâ $ " and in India as in America , focus and message matters . Indians , like Americans , were most focused on the economy , and for that reason , Modi 's campaign made sure he was , too . Republican cultural and religious conservatives could do well to study Modi 's campaign tactics for winning with unapologetic social conservatism without scaring off moderate voters . Also notably , though Modi comes from a low-caste background in a country in which it is often said that "  people do not cast their vote they vote their caste , " he did n't play the "  caste card , " nor did he allow it to be played against him . Instead , he dramatically expanded the BJP 's appeal beyond its traditional upper-caste base , and in the process , he decimated the electoral clout of corrupt caste-based hucksters who have typically wielded heavy influence in North India 's Hindu heartland . Modi 's BJP campaigned seriously in areas where the BJP had never contested before . He did n't talk about India 's 47 % . In India at least , identity politics has been trumped for the time being by the politics of prosperity . For those from Rand Paul to Susana Martinez looking to write a new GOP narrative on race , Modi 's campaign offered an example of forthrightly addressing a core issue of group identity without pandering . On foreign policy , he projected strength and confidence without unnecessary saber rattling . Pakistan frequently tested the Congress government , according to militants who said it tacitly cooperated with terrorist infiltrations and other provocations , most notably the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai that killed and wounded hundreds . They will likely be more cautious about testing Modi , who was persistently critical of Congress ' often-timid reaction to Pakistani provocations , particularly on their contested border . Here Modi 's example would offer much to a GOP that has wearied of neoconservative interventionism , but is also critical of Obama 's passivity and worries that our failure to draw bright lines around our interests has invited provocation . Modi won on not just substance , but style : He refused to let the traditional media play gatekeeper , instead skillfully using social media to reach out to India 's rapidly urbanizing professional classes , to whose aspirations for good governance he spoke so strongly . At a time in which the Republicans find themselves flatfooted in technology compared to the Democrats , Modi ran technological rings around his liberal adversaries . Some cautions are in order , of course . Campaigning is not governing , and , as Prime Minister , Modi a relative novice on the national and international stage , may not be successful . He must also continue to deal with the legacy of serious religious violence that occurred in Gujarat during his first term as chief minister that left more than 1,000 dead and caused international concern . While India 's Supreme Court cleared him of charges that his government did not act decisively enough against the rioters , he was still blamed by others , including the United States , which refused him an entry visa . There is little doubt that given Modi 's history , he will be under a great deal of scrutiny to make sure the tragedies of 2002 are not repeated nationally . But whether Modi succeeds or fails in governing , the GOP could learn a number of lessons from his successful campaign , one that showed how an allegedly "  extreme " candidate of a party disdained by media and cultural elites can achieve unprecedented electoral success without sacrificing its principles . In that vein , it is perhaps appropriate that Modi began his professional life selling tea in his family 's tea stall . In more ways than one , he represents the victory of India 's tea party .	Jeremy Carl : Narendra Modi 's victory in India can teach U.S. Republicans some lessons He says Modi was able to gain a majority in a complex nation of 1.2 billion people Modi focused on the economy and expanded his party 's appeal to wider base , he says Carl : Modi did n't let media define him and made skillful use of social media
CNN  -- A missed three-pointer by Russell Westbrook in the final minute of Sunday 's game signaled the end of a fierce back-and-forth between the Miami Heat and Oklahoma City Thunder in game three of the 2012 NBA Finals . The shot , which could have tied the game and 88 all , led to a fast break and free throws from the Heat , who went on to win 91-85 . The Heat now lead two games to one in the best of seven series . The two teams battled closely all night , entering the second half with a one-point Miami lead , 47-46 . However , the Thunder were n't able to fight back after the Heat went on a six-point run with only three minutes remaining in the game . Westbrook said the game , which was played in Miami , was n't about one play or series of plays but rather a lot of small mistakes . "  Just little things ... giving them easy layups , " Westbrook told reporters after the game . "  We 've got to cut that down . " However , Oklahoma City 's final minutes were marred with sloppy play . In addition to Westbrook 's missed shot , forward Kevin Durant missed a short jumper and guard Thabo Sefolosha turned the ball over . "  We turned the ball over in that second half too many times , " Oklahoma City coach Scott Brooks said . "  They made some plays down the stretch that we did not make . " Miami forward LeBron James , who lead the game in points and rebounds with 29 and 14 respectively , had several key defensive rebounds leading up to the final buzzer . "  That 's one thing I 'm proud of . Last year I did n't make enough game-changing plays , " James said . "  I 'm just trying to step up and be there for my teammates . " Despite foul trouble late in the game , Durant had a team-high 25 points and remained positive going into the rest of the series . "  Unfortunately I get a lot of fouls called on me but I have to play through it , " Durant said . "  Hopefully next game I will play smarter and get fewer fouls . " One point where the teams were decidedly unmatched Sunday night was on free throw shots . The Heat racked up 31 points from the line , while Oklahoma City managed just 15 . Forward Chris Bosh for the Heat , credits his team 's aggressiveness for the volume of free throw attempts . "  Being aggressive . That 's what we want to do , " Bosh told reporters . "  We want to put pressure to the rim . " Game four tips off Tuesday night in Miami .	The Miami Heat defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder 91-85 Sunday night The Heat are now up 2-1 in the seven-game NBA Finals
CNN  -- Farrah Fawcett , the blonde-maned actress whose best-selling poster and "  Charlie 's Angels " stardom made her one of the most famous faces in the world , died Thursday . She was 62 . Farrah Fawcett rose to fame in the 1970s , thanks to a best-selling poster and the hit show "  Charlie Angels . " Fawcett 's death was confirmed by Paul Bloch , one of her representatives at Rogers and Cowan , an entertainment public relations firm . Fawcett , who checked into a hospital in early April , had been battling anal cancer on and off for three years . Bloch told CNN that Ryan O'Neal , Fawcett 's romantic partner since the mid-1980s , and her friend Alana Stewart were with Fawcett at Saint John 's Hospital in Santa Monica , California , when she died . Gallery : The life of Farrah Fawcett " "  Although this is an extremely difficult time for her family and friends , we take comfort in the beautiful times that we shared with Farrah over the years and the knowledge that her life brought joy to so many people around the world , " O'Neal said in a written statement . Read more tributes to Fawcett O'Neal is the father of Fawcett 's son , Redmond O'Neal , born in 1985 . Redmond O'Neal is in an intense rehabilitation program conducted in the Los Angeles county jail , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Steve Whitmore told CNN on Thursday . Fawcett 's son was informed on Wednesday night by a grief counselor and a chaplain that his mother 's death was imminent , and a grief counselor and chaplain also told him when she died , Whitmore said . The young man , who is currently with a chaplain , has spoken with his father , Whitmore said . Ryan O'Neal had recently told People magazine that the sex symbol was declining . "  She stays in bed now . The doctors see that she is comfortable . Farrah is on IVs , but some of that is for nourishment . The treatment has pretty much ended , " he said in a story posted May 7 . See images of Fawcett through the years " Fawcett 's cancer journey has been documented in a television special partly shot by the actress . Fawcett began shooting "  Farrah 's Story , " by taking a camera to a doctor 's appointment . Eventually , the film expanded to include trips overseas in hopes of treating the cancer . Watch a clip from "  Farrah 's Story " " The documentary aired on NBC on May 15 . Watch Ryan O'Neal talk about why she did the documentary " Fawcett 's beauty -- her gleaming smile was printed on millions of posters -- initially made her famous . But she later established herself as a serious actress . She starred as a battered wife in the 1984 TV movie "  The Burning Bed . " She appeared on stage as a woman who extracts vengeance from a would-be rapist in William Mastrosimone 's play "  Extremities . " Watch Fawcett accept her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame " She reprised the "  Extremities " role on film in 1986 . Other Fawcett films include "  Logan 's Run "  1976  , "  Saturn 3 "  1980  , "  The Cannonball Run "  1981  , "  The Apostle "  1997  and the Robert Altman-directed "  Dr. T and the Women "  2000  . To many , Fawcett will always be best known for her red-swimsuited image on the pinup poster , which sold a reputed 12 million copies after its release in 1976 . iReport : Share your memories of Farrah Fawcett Fawcett was a model best known for bit parts , commercials and as "  Six Million Dollar Man " actor Lee Majors ' wife when she shot the poster in early 1976 at the behest of Pro Arts , a Cleveland , Ohio , company . Photographer Bruce McBroom placed Fawcett -- then known as Farrah Fawcett-Majors -- in the Indian blanket-draped front seat of his 1937 Chevy and snapped away . Fawcett did her own hair -- a long , tousled cascade of blonde locks -- picked out the red bathing suit and chose the frame later used for the poster , according to a story in the Toronto Star . The poster , with Fawcett 's million-dollar smile front and center , became a sensation . Soon after the photo shoot , Fawcett was asked to join the cast of a new Aaron Spelling TV show , "  Charlie 's Angels , " about a trio of female detectives who work for a mysterious man named Charlie , whose only appearance in the show was through his voice  supplied by John Forsythe  . Watch Fawcett talk about why she left "  Angels " " Fawcett , who played Jill Munroe , was the last to be cast . Co-star Kate Jackson was the known name at the time , but thanks to her poster , Fawcett became the breakout star . The highly rated TV series kicked off what came to be known as "  jiggle TV , " series full of pretty actresses who appeared in bikinis at the drop of a hat . "  Denunciations of ` massage parlor television ' and ` voyeurism ' only brought more viewers to the screen , to see what the controversy was about , " wrote Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh about "  Charlie 's Angels " in their indispensable reference , "  The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows . " ABC 's "  Three 's Company " and CBS 's "  The American Girls " were among the shows that immediately followed , and shows such as "  Baywatch " owe "  Charlie 's Angels " a debt . But Fawcett did n't stay with "  Angels " long . At the end of the first season , unhappy with her contract , she left the show and was replaced by Cheryl Ladd . Fawcett 's career stagnated for a time after "  Charlie 's Angels . " She appeared in a handful of forgettable films and divorced Majors . But her career received a major boost with her starring role in "  The Burning Bed , " a 1984 TV movie co-starring Paul Le Mat . Fawcett played an abused wife who sets fire to her husband 's bed as he lies sleeping . Fawcett received an Emmy nomination for her performance . Fawcett also became romantically involved with O'Neal around this time . The pair had a son , Redmond , in 1985 . In recent years , Fawcett has appeared sporadically in the public eye . She posed nude for Playboy in 1995 . In 1997 , she appeared on "  The Late Show with David Letterman , " an interview that became notorious for Fawcett 's apparent incoherence . She later said she was just having fun with Letterman . She reunited with her "  Charlie 's Angels " co-stars , Jackson and Jaclyn Smith , for an awards show in 2006 . Fawcett was born in Corpus Christi , Texas , in 1947 . She married Majors in 1973 ; they divorced nine years later . She was diagnosed with cancer in 2006 .	Farrah Fawcett was known for iconic 1970s poster , role in "  Charlie 's Angels " Actress was hailed for performance in TV movie "  The Burning Bed " Fawcett had cancer and made TV documentary about her battle
