HOLLYWOOD , California  CNN  -- Singer Christina Aguilera joined fellow Grammy Award winners Alicia Keys and John Legend for "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " which honored the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2008 . Christina Aguilera performs her hit single "  Beautiful " at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " The show , taped before an audience of more than 2,500 at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood , premiered on the global networks of CNN on Thanksgiving night . Liz McCartney , dedicated to helping survivors of Hurricane Katrina rebuild their homes , was named 2008 CNN Hero of the Year . McCartney , who will receive $ 100,000 to continue her work just outside New Orleans , was selected from among the top 10 CNN Heroes after six weeks of online voting at CNN.com . More than 1 million votes were cast . "  To the country and the world , I ask you to please join us , " said McCartney , of St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana . "  Together we can continue to rebuild families ' homes and lives . ... If you join us , we 'll be unstoppable . " Hosted by CNN 's Anderson Cooper , "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " featured musical performances by Aguilera , Keys and Legend . Keys sang "  Superwoman , " her tribute to women around the world , from her hit album "  As I Am . " Aguilera performed her hit single "  Beautiful . " Legend , backed by the world-renowned Agape Choir , performed "  If You 're Out There , " from his just-released album , "  Evolver . " All three performances echoed the spirit of the CNN Heroes campaign , which salutes everyday people accomplishing extraordinary things in their communities and beyond . "  In this time of economic turmoil , it is such a relief to know that there are people like these heroes , people who care more for others than they do for themselves , " Cooper said . The top 10 CNN Heroes , chosen by a blue-ribbon panel from an initial pool of more than 3,700 viewer nominations , were each honored with a documentary tribute and introduced by a celebrity presenter . Each of the top 10 Heroes receives $ 25,000 . Actors Cameron Diaz , Salma Hayek , John Krasinski , Forest Whitaker , Meg Ryan , Terrence Howard , Lucy Liu , Jessica Biel , Kate Beckinsale and Selena Gomez were among the stars joining in CNN 's tribute to the top 10 . See key moments from the show , including presentations and performances " In addition , actor Hugh Jackman presented People magazine 's 2008 Heroes Among Us award to six recipients honored by the magazine . Award-winning producer-director Joel Gallen returned to executive produce this year 's program . Among his credits , Gallen produced telethon events supporting victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks and Hurricane Katrina , winning an Emmy Award and a Peabody Award for "  America : A Tribute to Heroes . " The Kodak Theatre is best known as the first permanent home of the Academy Awards . In alphabetical order , the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2008 as chosen by the blue-ribbon panel are : Tad Agoglia , Houston , Texas : Agoglia 's First Response Team provides immediate help to areas hit by natural disasters . In a little more than a year , he and his crew have helped thousands of victims at more than 15 sites across the United States , free of charge . Yohannes Gebregeorgis , Addis Ababa , Ethiopia : Moved by the lack of children 's books and literacy in his native Ethiopia , Gebregeorgis established Ethiopia Reads , bringing free public libraries and literacy programs to thousands of Ethiopian children . Carolyn LeCroy , Norfolk , Virginia : After serving time in prison , LeCroy started the Messages Project to help children stay connected with their incarcerated parents . She and volunteer camera crews have taped roughly 3,000 messages from inmates to their children . Anne Mahlum , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania : On her daily morning jogs , Mahlum used to run past homeless men . Today , she 's helping to transform lives by running with them , and others as part of her Back On My Feet program . Liz McCartney , St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana : McCartney moved to New Orleans to dedicate herself to helping Hurricane Katrina survivors move back into their homes . Her nonprofit , St. Bernard Project , has rebuilt the homes of more than 120 families for free . Phymean Noun , Toronto , Ontario : Growing up in Cambodia , Noun struggled to complete high school . Today , she offers hundreds of Cambodian children who work in Phnom Penh 's trash dump a way out through free schooling and job training . David Puckett , Savannah , Georgia : Puckett started PIPO Missions to bring ongoing prosthetic and orthotic care to those in need . Since November 2000 , he has helped more than 420 people in southeastern Mexico , free of charge . Maria Ruiz , El Paso , Texas : Several times a week , Ruiz crosses the border into Juarez , Mexico , bringing food , clothing and toys to hundreds of impoverished children and their families . Marie Da Silva , Los Angeles , California : Having lost 14 family members to AIDS , the nanny funds a school in her native Malawi , where half a million children have been orphaned by the disease . Viola Vaughn , Kaolack , Senegal : The Detroit , Michigan , native moved to Senegal to retire . Instead , a group of failing schoolchildren asked her to help them pass their classes . Today , her 10,000 Girls program is helping hundreds of girls succeed in school and run their own businesses .	"  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " aired Thanksgiving weekend on CNN Grammy winners Christina Aguilera , Alicia Keys and John Legend performed The show honored the top 10 CNN Heroes as selected by a distinguished panel Liz McCartney of St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana , named CNN Hero of the Year
CNN  -- DNA from a 45,000-year-old leg bone is giving scientists a better idea of when modern humans first started mating with Neanderthals . The thigh bone was found six years ago on the banks of the Irtysh River in Siberia by Nikolai Peristov , a Russian artist who carves jewelry from ancient mammoth tusks , according to the journal Nature . "  It was quite fossilized , and the hope was that it might turn out  to be  old . We hit the jackpot , " Bence Viola , a paleoanthropologist who co-led a study of the remains , told Nature . "  It was older than any other modern human yet dated . " 2013 : Oldest human DNA found in Spain For those who are n't familiar with our Stone Age ancestors , Neanderthals are an extinct species of human who differ in DNA from what scientists call "  modern humans " by less than 1 % . Modern humans first left Africa about 60,000 years ago , according to National Geographic , and wandered toward Asia and Europe . There , they encountered Neanderthals and another species of human called Denisovans . Scientists believe Neanderthals died out about 30,000 years ago , possibly because they were simply absorbed into the modern human population . Roughly 2 % of genomes of non-Africans today come from the Neanderthal species , according to Nature . Until now , scientists had n't pinpointed exactly when Neanderthals and modern humans began interbreeding . Sequencing of the 45,000-year-old bone 's DNA showed that 2.3 % of his genome also came from Neanderthals , according to a study published Wednesday . His Neanderthal DNA segments were long , the scientists say , which suggests that the love fest between the two species began between 50,000 and 60,000 years ago . "  Paternal and maternal chromosomes are shuffled together in each generation , so that over time the DNA segments from any individual become shorter , " Nature explains . 7,000-year-old male , dark skin , blue eyes , likes hunting ... Of course , when it comes to evolution , there 's always a debate . Some scientists believe modern humans left Africa more than 100,000 years ago . "  This is just a random find in a Siberian river deposit , " Chris Stringer , a paleoanthropologist at London 's Natural History Museum , told Nature . "  What else could be there when they start looking systematically ? "	Scientists sequence DNA of 45,000-year-old leg bone found in Siberia Study : Modern humans and Neanderthals mated 50,000 to 60,000 years ago Roughly 2 % of genomes of non-Africans today come from Neanderthal species
Washington  CNN  -- Late one night , in the summer of 1958 , three police officers opened an unlocked door of a small home in rural Virginia , walked into the bedroom and pointed a flashlight at a couple sleeping in the bed . "  What are you doing in bed with this lady ? " the sheriff asked . The startled husband pointed to the marriage certificate that was hanging on the wall . "  That 's no good here , " the officer replied . And that night , in the summer of 1958 , a husband , who happened to be white , and a wife , who happened to be black , were arrested and placed in a county jail for unlawful cohabitation . That , as The New York Times recounted it , is how the landmark Supreme Court case known as Loving v. Virginia was started -- with bigotry looking at a marriage certificate and saying , "  That 's no good here . " Today we know that in 1967 the Supreme Court ruled that Virginia 's ban on interracial marriages was unconstitutional . But it 's important to remember that a 2012 Pew Study found that only 63 % of all Americans "  would be fine " if a family member were to marry outside of their race , meaning nearly a third would still have a problem . The laws have changed , but sadly , our culture in many aspects , still lags behind . Which explains why once again bigotry has dragged marriage to the halls of the Supreme Court . On Tuesday the justices heard oral arguments in Hollingsworth v. Perry , the challenge to California 's Proposition 8 . On Wednesday , the court is hearing oral arguments in United States v. Windsor , the case challenging the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act , or DOMA . Both Proposition 8 and DOMA do what that sheriff did to the Lovings 55 years ago . Back then the legally sanctioned discrimination was called racism . Today it 's homophobia . Both are offsprings from the same parents : bigotry and fear . Before sentencing the Lovings to a year in prison , Leon M. Bazile , the county circuit judge , opined God placed the different races on separate continents "  and but for the interference with his arrangement there would be no cause for such marriages . " Edith Windsor 's battle for equality In an exchange with Chief Justice Earl Warren , R.D. McIlwaine , the assistant attorney general of Virginia , compared interracial couples to people who were mentally ill and said that "  interracial marriages are definitely undesirable . ...  T  hey hold no promise for a bright and happy future for mankind . " Hindsight affords us the ability to shake our heads and laugh at the men who tried to hide their bigotry behind God or the future of mankind . But are the reasons against interracial marriages brought up by McIlwaine and Bazile that much different than the rationale that is being used today to ban same-sex marriages ? At a rally on the steps of the Supreme Court , I heard story after story from loving , committed same-sex couples who had been together 10 , 20 , 30 , even 55 years . There were speakers such as Cleve Jones , who created the AIDS Memorial Quilt , and Robert Kabel , a special assistant to President Ronald Reagan who helped form the Log Cabin Republicans . There was one woman suffering from multiple sclerosis who had to be helped up the stairs to the podium by three men so she could stand next to her wife and share her story . No one who came to the rally was asking for permission to love . They were not seeking special rights or begging for a seat at the table because they 've been sitting at the table the whole time . They know 14 times the Supreme Court has called marriage a fundamental right . And just as Loving v. Virginia shamed bigotry and those who argued in support of discrimination , this week bigotry will once again be shamed , dragging those who seek to ban same-sex marriages with it . Couple at center of Prop 8 case An example of this shaming came in an exchange with Charles J. Cooper and Justice Elena Kagan . As Cooper propped up the notion of "  responsible procreation " as being the reason why marriage should only be between a man and a woman , Kagan destroyed this reasoning , saying , "  Suppose a state said , ... Because we think that the focus of marriage really should be on procreation , we are not going to give marriage licenses anymore to any couple where both people are over the age of 55 , " adding , "  I can just assure you , if both the woman and the man are over the age of 55 , there are not a lot of children coming out of that marriage . " Of course "  responsible procreation " is just another ruse to hide bigotry . Gay couples do n't become parents by accident . I know of one couple who wanted children so badly , they drove from Phoenix to Los Angeles every weekend for a year to spend time with the child they eventually adopted because gay adoption was not legal in Arizona . If you do the math , that 's about 740 miles round trip for 52 weeks , or 38,480 miles . So if "  responsible procreation " is the fight Cooper wants to take up , he should direct his focus elsewhere because gay people do n't accidentally drive 38,480 miles to have a kid . What Cooper and his allies must remember is that marriage licenses are not scarce resources to be horded but a doorway to more than 1,000 federal benefits and the public declaration of love . And just as interracial marriages did not cause "  traditional " marriage to fall -- something that was also said during Loving v. Virginia -- neither will same-sex marriages . It was n't right for anti-miscegenation laws to march into our bedrooms in the summer of 1958 , and it 's not right for Prop 8 and DOMA to do it now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : In 1958 , police arrested couple for violating interracial marriage ban Virginia 's ban was ultimately overturned , a sign of progress against bigotry , he says He says that today bigotry and fear are directed at same-sex marriage Granderson : Government should n't regulate the nature of relationships in marriage
CNN  -- Tokyo was known as Edo until 1868 , but it 's hard to imagine that this high-rise , high-tech metropolis could possibly have existed in a time before electricity and concrete . Tokyo is n't just a futuristic city ; it 's the place that has shaped our vision of what the future will look like . In Tokyo , the future is a long-standing tradition . There 's a sci-fi familiarity to areas like Shibuya , Shinjuku and Akihabara ; the skyscrapers glowing with illuminated signs , subway stops inside shopping malls and taxis with automated doors could be straight out of "  Blade Runner " or "  The Fifth Element . " But the space-age topography of Tokyo has been shaped by a history of catastrophe . In the 20th century alone Tokyo suffered earthquakes , fires and devastating bombing . The result is a city that has repeatedly been forced to rebuild , shedding its past with each successive redevelopment . In Tokyo , the future is a long-standing tradition . After centuries of expansion , Tokyo has grown vertically to accommodate its 12 million residents . Perhaps the inevitability of another catastrophic earthquake accounts for the lack of emotional attachment to the city 's architecture ; buildings are continuously being pulled down and replaced , creating the sensation that Tokyo 's skyline is a permanent work in progress . While it can seem that the city is intent on stream rolling over its past , you can still see traces of old Edo . The Meiji Jingu Shrine tells of the city 's Shinto heritage and there 's something timeless about the charming chaos of Tsukiji Fish Market . Even the enduring formalities of Tokyo 's social etiquette and the joy with which Tokyoites greet the coming of the cherry blossom are signs that the city maintains a lingering affection for its traditions . At first glance , Tokyoites may seem sober and industrious , efficiently going about the business of making their city a world capital of techno commerce , but shops filled with manga comics and anime DVDs hint at a desire to escape the obligations of real life . That appetite for escapism is most colorfully expressed in the phenomenon of "  cosplay " , which sees teenagers dress as characters from cartoons and comic strips , or in the outlandish uniforms of various distinctive subcultures . In the 80s , Japan 's bubble economy created unsustainable growth in Tokyo and property prices in the capital went through the roof . When the bubble burst in the early 90s , Tokyo was hit particularly hard but , after years of recession , Tokyo has the buzz of a city regaining its confidence . For this endlessly fascinating city , it 's back to business -- and back to the future .	Known as Edo until 1868 , Tokyo has been shaped by a history of disasters There 's a sci-fi familiarity to areas like Shibuya , Shinjuku and Akihabara There are still traces of traditional Tokyo , such as at the Meiji Jingu Shrine
CNN Student News  -- February 18 , 2014 Stories from around the world highlight this edition of CNN Student News , as we lead with events in Venezuela and Russia . We 'll also explore what seasonal affective disorder is , and we 'll explain why Presidents Day officially does n't exist . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why is it important for citizens to get objective information about their government and its opposition ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . inflation 2 . seasonal affective disorder  SAD 3 . Lincoln Memorial Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Based on what you heard in the video , how would you describe Venezuela 's government ? Who was Hugo Chavez ? Who is the current president of Venezuela ? What action did he recently take regarding some American diplomats there ? 2 . According to the video , what is going on in the streets of Caracas ? Why are students protesting ? How has the president responded to them ? How has his response impacted the student protests ? 3 . What is seasonal affective disorder ? According to Dr. Gupta , what chemicals are out of balance in the brain , causing SAD ? What do some doctors recommend people do to deal with SAD ? 4 . According to the report , why was the Lincoln Memorial almost never built ? How long did it take to approve the site ? How long did it take to complete the monument ? What are some of the events that have taken place at the Lincoln Memorial ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you think it means to say that Venezuela 's president has the media "  on a tight leash , " as described in the video ? How might this affect the media 's ability to report on what is going on in the country ? 2 . What is inflation ? How does inflation impact consumers ' buying power ? What impact do you think high inflation has on a nation 's economy ? How might economic instability lead to political instability in a country ? 3 . What advice would you give to a friend who feels depressed during the winter ? 4 . Have you ever visited a memorial to a U.S. president ? If so , describe it and the experience . Was there any symbolism associated with the memorial you visited ? Explain . How does a presidential memorial give us insight into the personality and character of a chief executive ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Allison Janney was always on the move as a child . The "  West Wing " actress played sports and enjoyed figure skating , so staying active was easy . But over the years , exercise took a back seat to Janney 's evolving career . "  I think when ` West Wing ' ended , I just went into a slump , " she recently said . We all did , Ms. Janney . Thankfully the popular government drama is back , available for streaming on Netflix due to a new deal with Warner Bros. that sent fans to the couch in rerun ecstasy . And Janney has returned to her active lifestyle , dropping 20 pounds by focusing on her diet and daily hikes with her dogs . Janney 's had more than one high-profile role since "  The West Wing " ended : She played the dog-obsessed mom in "  Juno , " a Southern socialite in "  The Help " and Matthew Perry 's crazy boss on "  Mr. Sunshine . " But Janney said White House press secretary C.J. Cregg will always be one of her favorite characters . "  I feel proud , " she said . "  I feel like I can die happy ; I did something good . Not that I 'm planning on dying anytime soon . " That 's good , especially considering Janney 's newest role is spokeswoman for the American Heart Association 's Go Red for Women campaign . The campaign aims to spread awareness about the No. 1 killer of women : heart disease . Heart disease kills one woman every minute , according to the American Heart Association , and the gap between women 's and men 's survival rates continues to widen . Janney comes from a long line of "  cream and butter " lovers , she said . Her family 's history of heart disease -- including a grandfather who died of a heart attack -- led her to volunteer for the campaign . "  I feel if there was one cause that I actually had experience with , and a reason to step up for , it would be this , " she said . "  I hope I can make a difference in someone 's life . " CNN spoke with Janney about Go Red for Women , how she stays healthy and where she hopes her career heads next . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : I love the dress that you 're wearing in the new PSA ; that bright red color looks great on you . Allison Janney : I love it , too ! Red has always been a great color on me , which is why I decided to do the campaign .  laughs CNN : What does that color symbolize for women ? Janney : It 's blood . It 's love . It 's your heart . It 's vibrant . It 's alive . Red is just the most standout , powerful color I think there is . This famous costume designer I worked with ... said the woman who gets to wear the red dress is the one who 's the most powerful . It 's the perfect color to go with this campaign , because it 's all about keeping women strong and healthy and vital . Survivor of heart failure dedicates birthday to educating others CNN : Let 's talk about the real reason you 're working with the American Heart Association . Janney : I had a bit of a scary experience with my mother who , like most women I think , ignored the symptoms . She was driving , going to see the grandkids . She was in a motel and probably had what was a very small heart attack -- but a warning . She just thought she was having this unbelievable pressure and discomfort in her neck and shoulders . She drove 10 hours to Dayton , Ohio , and drove right to the doctor because she knew something was wrong . He just could n't believe she drove all that way . She went right into the hospital and had emergency quadruple bypass surgery . I almost lost her . For that reason alone , I 'm glad to be part of this campaign . CNN : You mentioned that many women feel like they have to tough it out and just ignore the symptoms . Why do you think that is ? Janney : I think , as women , we tend to always put our own needs in the back seat to take care of our family or loved ones . My mother did just that . Women feel they need to take care of everybody ,  but  they ca n't take care of anybody if they do n't take care of themselves . Jennie Garth : Know your heart , know the risks CNN : How did that experience , and learning more about heart disease , change the way you looked at exercise and nutrition ? Janney : I 've lost 15  to  20 pounds since the summer . I 've been doing Pilates three days a week , and I have three dogs , which gets me out walking every single morning . It 's been nice to slim down and bump up the exercise . CNN : Do you have any favorite foods that you 've had a hard time giving up ? Janney : I do n't believe you have to give everything up completely . I am my mother 's daughter . I like cream sauces . I like macaroni and cheese , all that comfort food . I love chocolate , but now I go for 88 % and 90 % dark , dark chocolate to treat myself . I go for Greek yogurt instead of heavy cream in a recipe . It 's kind of a game to see how I can take a recipe and make it healthy and still make it taste good . It 's a challenge I 'm enjoying . CNN : So you like to cook ? Janney : I do . I 'm not the best cook , but I do like to get inspired -- you know , get the cooking magazines or watch cooking shows . Basically , I like to have people over to my house , because I usually hate going out to restaurants . So I 'm trying to give them more reasons to want to come over to my house . Like , "  Oh , my God , Allison 's a good cook . " CNN : What else is a staple in your diet ? What do you have for breakfast ? Janney : I 've been doing juicing ... kind of an almond milk mixture . And then if I 'm still hungry , I make steel cut oats or have oatmeal with some banana in it or a little agave to sweeten it . And that keeps me going . I eat a lot of salads . Whatever I eat is mostly 70 % water . I eat tons of salads and greens and peppers and scallions and avocados , my favorite food on the planet . I 've been eating a lot of soups and one-pot meals , with quinoa , with chicken breast and tomatoes and thyme . I really try to stick to that , and I find I feel better ; I have more energy . I 'm 50-something , and I feel better than I felt 20 years ago . So it works . CNN : What do you do for stress relief ? Janney : I 'm trying to learn to meditate . I have n't been able to achieve it successfully yet because I get impatient . I do these breathing exercises where if I start to feel stressed I breathe in for -- I start at a high number like eight -- and breathe in for eight counts and breathe out for eight counts , until I feel like I can go down to seven and then to six ... and it really does calm me down . Getting a dog I would highly recommend for anyone . Animals are great for stress . The morning comes , and you have to take those dogs out . And I feel better because I do n't feel guilty . CNN : What would you like to tell women about heart disease ? Janney : We only get to be here once ; why not feel the best you can feel ? Start making choices that are going to make a difference in your life and the people 's lives around you . You just have to consciously be aware that we 're not going to be here forever . This is not a dress rehearsal . This is it . This is all we have . And if you look down and you can pinch more than an inch , it 's time to start taking it seriously . CNN : You 've been called one of the most versatile actors in Hollywood . What have n't you done that you 'd still like to do ? Janney : Really ? Wow . I just signed up for doing a series for CBS called "  Mom . " Anna Faris plays my daughter . It 's a multicam series , the first time I 'll be doing that sort of format where I 'm performing in front of a live audience for television . I 'm really excited about that . There are lots of types of roles that I 'd like to do that I have n't done yet . I 've always said I 'd like to play action hero ; a really physically demanding film role would be fun . I want to be challenged , work with great people and find better roles . Like the role that I found in C.J. ; I like the women that I play who are inspiring to other women . That makes me feel good about what I do , that it has a lasting impact on the world . I want to do more Broadway . I want to continue doing film . I want to have this show  "  Mom "  with Chuck Lorre be a great success . I just want to keep working , because that 's where I 'm happy , and I think that 's what I 'm supposed to do in this lifetime : keep working and keep experiencing and keep healthy and stay alive as long as I can . Heart disease often misdiagnosed in women	Allison Janney is spokeswoman for the Go Red for Women campaign Janney played C.J. Cregg on "  The West Wing " Janney has also starred in "  Juno , " "  American Beauty , " "  The Help " Actress lost 20 pounds by hiking daily with her dogs , focusing on diet
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The many league tables which rank MBA programs vary in their methodology , but mainly share a few assumptions , including that a prime mark of quality is a stream of graduates entering highly-paid jobs in financial services and consulting . The cuddlier side of business : More MBAs are taking in environmental factors . However , one MBA table , the latest version of which has just been released , factors in some entirely different considerations , namely how well the programs incorporate wider social and environmental issues into their teaching . Beyond Gray Pinstripes , the "  alternative " MBA top 100 , is produced every two years by the Aspen Institute Center for Business Education  CBE  in Colorado , drawn from studies of nearly 600 full-time MBA programs worldwide . These days , almost all business schools have "  at least a beachhead " of environmental and social awareness , according to Rich Leimsider , director of the CBE , although the extent of this varies greatly . The issue is an important one , he says : "  It matters what the senior executives of companies do , say and think . "  If you can change business education to include an appreciation for the social and environmental context you wind up with leaders who are really good at creating value all around . " Overall , however , the issue is being taken more and more seriously -- while in 2001 , little more than a third of schools surveyed required students take a course examining the wider issues of business and society , in this year 's survey it has risen to 63 % . Perhaps unexpectedly , the research shows that such courses are not inevitably housed within a dedicated department of ethics or corporate social responsibility . In fact , such departments are only the fifth-most popular home for social or environmental courses , behind those of management , marketing , strategy and finance . Despite the differences , the Beyond Gray Pinstripes table is topped by a familiar big hitter -- Stanford University 's Graduate School of Business , also in the number one slot for the last such survey in 2005 . Stanford , which offers MBA students more than 30 elective courses on subjects such as ethics , social responsibility and the environment , says it views the leadership of an organization as "  a noble and critical pursuit " . This approach now includes a new joint MBA in the environment and resources , as well as a course in which business and engineering students join up to solve problems -- one project this year came up with the idea of cheap and easy-to-power LED lights for those without mains electricity . The U.S. dominates the top 10 , with one Canadian school -- York University 's Schulich School of Business -- in third , and Spain 's well known Instituto de Empresa in 10th . Schools are themselves seeing the need for this new type of business education . Duke University 's Fuqua School of Business , ranked art 26 in the Beyond Gray Pinstripes table , is planning a link up with the university 's environmental school to study sustainable business . "  What we 're seeing at Duke , and we 're seeing this probably everywhere , is the business community now has reached a point where they recognize that to be globally competitive , you have to have an understanding of the risks and the opportunities that natural environments pose for firms , " says Michael Lenox , associate professor of business . E-mail to a friend	` Alternative ' MBA table ranks programs by social consciousness Business schools increasingly consider social and environmental issues Business community recognizes need for change
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- There is a place for people who enjoy soaking in the beautiful colors of fall and all the other amazing scenes of nature as they drive down the open highway . It 's called the right lane . If you 're sightseeing or rubbernecking in the left , get your butt over . Why is that rule so freakin ' hard to follow ? As drivers , we do a lot of things that irritate each other . We signal but never turn . We turn but do n't signal . We forget who is supposed to go next at a four-way stop sign . But nothing comes close to the level of irritation that comes from being stuck behind someone doing 55 in a 65 in the far left lane . Drive the speed you want , but why infringe on the rights of those in a hurry ? To me , that 's giving the rest of us on the road the finger in the most passive aggressive -- "  Who me ? " -- way possible . In fact , I would much rather have someone pull up beside me , roll down their window and flip me the bird as they go driving by than be trapped behind this vehicular anarchist . And you know they see you . They see all of us -- bobbing and weaving in their rearview mirror , trying to find a gap between the lanes big enough so we may be able to slip through and go on with our lives . But nooooooooo -- these offenders do n't feel obligated to go any faster and they refuse to move over to the right because in their sanctimonious minds , they 're going fast enough for all of us . That 's why they go through great lengths to ignore the high beams glaring in their eyes . And they do n't look over at you when you do eventually pass because they ca n't stop being prickly , not even for the three seconds it takes for us to look at them with our signature , highway glare that says : I. Won . The thing is there are about 312 million people in the United States and roughly 250 million registered vehicles . There will always be somebody somewhere driving faster ... it 's easier for everyone to just let them . Besides , think of all the harm caused by slowpokes ? For example , how are cops going to hand out speeding tickets if no one can speed ? And what about all the coffee shops that are losing money from the customers who do n't have time to pull into the drive-thru before work because they 've been trapped behind "  Speedy " for five miles . Essentially , slow drivers in the left lane are like job killers , and if elected president I would seek a constitutional amendment making lane hoarding illegal . And not just on the highway , but in every facet of life . The folks who like to walk side-by-side chatting on the track at the gym . You know who you are -- move it . The people who stand on an escalator in such a way as to take up the entire step should be assessed a property tax , especially in airports where they know everybody around them is trying to get somewhere else . Really , is it so hard to stand to the right so those people who need to run up the stairs to make their flight , likely because they were trapped behind a slow driver in the left lane on the way to the airport , have a better chance of doing so ? If you 're visiting a new city , do n't stand in the middle of a busy sidewalk to look up or read a map . Step off to the side so those who live there can get to where they are going . This is especially true for the too cute newlyweds who like take up 75 % of the sidewalk holding hands and staring into each other 's eyes . You do n't have to get a room , but you do need to get the hell out of the way . This week we celebrated the 7 billionth person being born , and the first thing I thought about was who is going to teach that person how to drive ? How to share the global common space that is slowly becoming more crowded , requiring us to be more aware of the needs of the people all around us ? Because at the end of the day , that 's what the left lane is really all about . It 's not about how fast someone is going . It 's about having an agreed upon space where we let each other pass on by . A space we agree upon to let each other be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : With 7 billion people , the world needs some rules He says drivers who dawdle in the left lane should move over if they want to enjoy the view If you 're moving slowly , make space on escalators , staircases for the speedy , he says Granderson : Drive the speed you want , but do n't infringe on the rights of those in a hurry
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- Ma Soe Soe Kyi 's skeletal frame is visible above her blanket ; she is too weak to keep her eyes open . Her husband waves away the flies and looks on helplessly . Kyi is HIV positive and finally getting help and medication from a private HIV clinic in Yangon , Myanmar . There are 60 patients here -- the oldest is 70 years old , the youngest just three months . Ko Yar Zar is one of the founders of the clinic and tells CNN they used to have to move the operation from house to house and stay secret for fear of being shut down by the brutal military junta . "  Without this clinic , these people would die , " he says . The clinic was started by pro-democracy leader Aung San Syi Kyi 's party , the National League for Democracy . It relies heavily on donations from private enterprises , individuals and AZG , the Dutch arm of Doctors without borders . Ma Aye Mi San is HIV positive and five months pregnant . Infected by her husband , her parents forced them apart when they found out . She has since reconciled with him , saying he is suffering too . "  After I heard I have HIV , I wanted to die , " she says . "  I felt it was hopeless , I never knew anyone could help me . " HIV is little understood in this country , many of the patients here have nowhere else to go after being ostracized by their families . Countless others , according to Zar , never admit to carrying the disease for that reason , making an accurate assessment of the scale of the problem in Myanmar very difficult . The clinic holds seminars to try and educate the public about HIV . Zar says there is shame attached to buying condoms , so most people do n't bother . Only recently have authorities in Myanmar admitted to an HIV/AIDS problem in the country . At a seminar jointly held with UNAIDS , the joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS , officials from the newly installed civilian government agreed on a five year plan to reduce stigma and spread of the disease . According to the World Health Organization  WHO  , around 240,000 people were HIV positive in Myanmar in 2009 -- from an estimated 3.5 million across South East Asia . Dealing with HIV in Myanmar is exacerbated by a weak health system chronically under-funded for decades . Spending on health in this country is among the lowest in the world -- just $ 23 spent per capita , according to the World Health Organization . That compares to $ 345 per capita in neighboring Thailand . Local residents say decent healthcare is reserved for the rich and the civilian hospitals lack basic facilities and equipment . The health situation is even more dire in rural areas and the tense border areas -- which has suffered from years of conflict between government forces and Karen insurgents .	Only recently have authorities in Myanmar admitted to an HIV/AIDS problem in the country New government has agreed five year plan to reduce stigma and spread of the disease Treatment of the disease was forced underground under brutal military junta Activists say there is shame attached to buying condoms , so most people do n't bother
CNN  -- The Nigerian senate has passed a bill banning same-sex marriages , defying a threat from Britain to withhold aid from nations violating gay rights . The bill by Africa 's most populous nation calls for a 14-year sentence for anyone convicted of homosexuality . Anyone who aids or "  abets " same-sex unions faces 10 years in prison , a provision that could target rights groups . It goes to the nation 's House of Representatives for a vote before President Goodluck Jonathan can sign it into law . "  It would place a wide range of people at risk of criminal sanctions , including human rights defenders and anyone else -- including friends , families and colleagues -- who stands up for the rights of lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender people in Nigeria , " Amnesty International said in a statement . The bill passed Tuesday comes nearly a month after British prime minister , David Cameron , threatened to withhold aid from nations violating gays rights , sparking outrage in Africa where leaders interpreted it as "  colonial " display of power . Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries based on remnants of sodomy laws introduced during the British colonial era and perpetuated by cultural beliefs . Punishments across the continent range from fines to years in prison . "  This is something we raise continually and ... we 're also saying that British aid should have more strings attached in terms of ` do you persecute people for their faith or their Christianity or do you persecute people for their sexuality ? " Cameron said in a statement . "  We do n't think that 's acceptable . So look , this is an issue where we want movement , we 're pushing for movement , we 're prepared to put some money behind what we believe . " Soon after his remarks earlier this month , a flurry of African governments released defiant statements accusing him of undermining their sovereignty and culture . Last week , Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe , known for his anti-gay rhetoric , called the prime minister "  satanic " for demanding gay rights . "  Do not get tempted into that  homosexuality  madness . You are young people . If you go that direction , we will punish you severely , " state media quoted him as saying . "  It is condemned by nature . It is condemned by insects and that is why I have said they are worse than pigs and dogs . " Mugabe 's comments were the latest in a series of strident remarks by African leaders . Ugandan government spokesman Fred Opolot described Cameron 's remarks as "  patronizing , colonial rhetoric , " saying the nation is busy expanding its oil sector to reduce its reliance on aid . "  We are working hard to limit our reliance on foreign governments for this reason , " he said . "  Statements like the one Cameron is making are false . Our cultural norms and values do n't accept homosexuality , but there is no policy against gay people . " In 2009 , a Ugandan lawmaker introduced a proposal calling for execution of people convicted of homosexuality . The proposal sparked an international outcry and threats from some European countries to cut aid to the nation , which relies on millions of dollars from foreign nations . Opolot said the proposal was the opinion of a sole lawmaker and did not reflect the government view . The legislation was eventually shelved , but regularly pops up in parliament and remains a simmering issue . Ghanaian President John Atta Mills , a major western ally , applauded the benefits of foreign aid , but said the nation will not accept money that will undermine its interest . "  I will never initiate or support any attempt to legalize homosexuality in Ghana , " he told journalists this month , according to state media . "  As government we will abide by the principles as contained in our Constitution , which is supreme . " Tanzanian officials decried the remarks , saying they "  can lead to broken relations " between the two nations . Cameron 's statements also sparked a fiery debate among Africans on social media , where opinions were divided . "  At first , I was upset . I thought , how dare he treats us like this ? ' said Nigel Mugamu , 33 , who lives in Harare , Zimbabwe . "  Then I thought about it , " the businessman said . "  The U.K. economy is struggling . They spend a lot of money on aid . Given what 's happening economically . Maybe it 's a nice way of saying -- we ca n't afford it ? " Mugamu said the threat should be an opportunity to open up a dialogue on an issue considered a taboo in African culture . "  Now is the time to talk about it ... to get our house in order . Lets use this opportunity to say , ` OK , if we did n't have aid , how would we survive ? " he said . "  Let 's talk about gay rights issues . Let 's turn this into a national -- African discussion . " Others said while denying aid would be extreme , the continent has a long way to go when it comes to human rights . "  It would be ridiculous if that mentality -- pride from leaders on both sides -- got in the way of millions benefiting from aid , " said Aida Mbowa , a Stanford University doctorate student who lives in the Kenyan capital of Nairobi . However , she said , the threat thrusts the issue to the forefront . "  We need minority rights in the continent . There 's a part of me that knows this threat will not have much of an impact . But in a way , it 's an achievement , however small . Despite the differences in opinion ... it has brought the conversation out in the open . " The Gay and Lesbian Coalition of Kenya said while Cameron 's remarks are a positive gesture , they risk turning homosexuals into targets . It urged the prime minister to instead consider directing some aid to community programs aimed at fostering dialogue and tolerance . "  Support national and regional human rights mechanisms to ensure the inclusiveness of lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender issues in their protective and promotional mandates , " the group said . As the prejudices rage on , gays and lesbians in the continent lead fidgety lives , including forming underground movements that change locations regularly for safety issues . Sexual violence against lesbians has become so common in South Africa , the nation has coined a new term "  corrective rape " to describe it . South Africa -- one of the more progressive nations in the continent on the issue -- was the first African country to impose a constitutional ban on discrimination based on sexual orientation . Cameron said he does not expect a sudden change in mindsets , and admits it will take time . Journalist Columbus S. Mavhunga contributed to this report from Harare , Zimbabwe	The bill calls for a 14-year sentence for anyone convicted of homosexuality Anyone who aids or "  abets " same-sex unions faces 10 years in prison Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries based on laws introduced during the colonial era "  Do not get tempted into that  homosexuality  madness , " Zimbabwean president tells youth
CNN  -- The mid-Atlantic region continued digging out Monday from the weekend 's record blizzard , but snow-weary residents learned of a new winter storm due in the area on Tuesday . The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning , with predictions of another 10 to 20 inches of snow , for northern Virginia and eastern Maryland , including the District of Columbia , beginning Tuesday afternoon and continuing through Wednesday . "  A winter storm warning means significant amounts of snow are expected or occurring , " said the statement from the weather service facility in Sterling , Virginia . "  The combination of snow and strong winds will make travel very hazardous . " If as severe as predicted , the new storm would be the third major snowfall to hit the nation 's capital and surrounding region in just over seven weeks . In last weekend 's blizzard , a record 32.4 inches of snow fell on Washington 's Dulles International Airport over two days , breaking a January 7-8 , 1996 , record of 23.2 inches . Federal workers in Washington , with the exception of emergency employees , stayed home Monday and students in most schools in the nation 's capital got a snow day . Many residents who spent the weekend playfully making snowmen and hurling snowballs also grumbled as they shoveled hip-high snow from driveways . "  The streets are pretty well covered , " Kingsley Barreto said Sunday about his subdivision in Gaithersburg , Maryland . "  No cars coming in or out of here . Hopefully everyone in the community has enough supplies to last them for a little while , because it does n't look like we 're going anywhere anytime soon , " Barreto said in a post he submitted to iReport , a CNN Web site that allows people to submit information , pictures and videos . Watch Barreto 's iReport on his neighborhood Crews worked around the clock to clear roads and repair power lines , warning that it might take days to restore electricity to some customers from Pennsylvania to Virginia . Two of Dulles ' four runways were open Monday morning , and officials hoped to have a third open later in the day , said Courtney Mickalonis of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority . The situation there is "  getting back to normal , " Mickalonis said . But airport officials asked travelers not to go there without confirmed flights . Reagan National Airport was scheduled to reopen at 10 a.m. Monday , with flights resuming on a limited basis , the airport authority said . Travelers were urged to check with airlines on flight schedules before heading to the airport . Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport was open Monday , with limited service , spokesman Jonathan Dean said . One of the two runways opened Sunday night , and some flights landed , Dean said . However , airport authorities expect carrier delays and cancellations because of the backlog . Are you there ? Share your winter weather photos , video Airport crews were dealing with a refreeze from overnight , but officials intended to have both runways open by the end of Monday . Amtrak canceled several trains Sunday after trees and power lines fell on tracks , the train service said . Dozens of Greyhound bus trips in mid-Atlantic states also were canceled , the company said on its Web site . And officials across the region advised drivers to stay off slick roads . "  Everybody 's just trying to clean up and get a little bit ahead of the game before the next round comes , " said Michelle Timberlake , who lives on a farm in Boyce , Virginia , about two hours west of Washington . The interior designer found herself running through a mountain of snow when about 40 cows escaped from the pasture on her husband 's farm in search of food and shelter . "  This was not what I imagined for myself , " she said Sunday , laughing about the experience . CNN 's Sarah Lee , Sarah Aarthun , Justin Lear and Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this report .	Federal workers , some students get snow day in nation 's capital Washington 's Reagan National Airport set to reopen A record 32.4 inches of snow fell on Dulles International Airport over two days Five more inches of snow expected in Washington-Baltimore area
CNN  -- For more than 20 years , CNN Hero Sal Dimiceli has helped people going through hard times . Through his newspaper column and his nonprofit , the Time Is Now to Help , Dimiceli has assisted about 500 people a year with food , rent , utilities and other necessities . He has also been known to chip in his own money to salvage people 's personal belongings -- items that have deep meaning for the people who reach out to him . CNN Heroes producer Kathleen Toner recently spoke with Dimiceli about his work , which included helping a woman so desperate for cash that she pawned her wedding ring . Kathleen Toner : You 've been doing this for a long time . How has the current economic downturn impacted the people you 're helping ? Sal Dimiceli : The recession has hit this area  Lake Geneva , Wisconsin  pretty hard , as it has all across America . I 'm finding more and more people in desperate need . They 're struggling to stay in their homes , their apartments . They 're struggling to put food on the table and struggling to keep their utilities on . Behind closed doors , they tell their neighbors they 're fine . They 'd sooner go in the house and starve . ... Those that are in dire need , they 'll sell all their personal belongings to survive . And when they 're in that survival mode , they 'll sell anything . Toner : How do you react when you come across someone who 's sold something very personal ? Dimiceli : I just recently found someone who sold her wedding band that  she  had for 24 years . When you find out something like that , that 's so emotional , I think it 's very important to dip into my own pocket to bring that back to her . ... I want to give them their self-esteem back . ... They need to hang onto parts of their life . Sentimental things are very important . Video : The story of the pawned wedding ring Toner : How did it make you feel to help her get that back ? Dimiceli : It 's heartwarming , energizing . ... Feeding  people  , turning on the electric , giving them a place to live -- moments like that absolutely keep me going . It 's a lot easier , once somebody gives a helping hand , to get organized to do better . ... We 're turning tears into smiles . Toner : You mentioned "  we . " Tell me about this volunteer network that you 've built . Dimiceli : The Time Is Now to Help has gotten to a point where we have hundreds of volunteers . Helping is very contagious , because once you do it , you feel so good about helping a fellow human being that you want to do it again . The volunteers , they give their time helping  the elderly and the disabled  with shopping , bringing people to doctors . ... Sometimes we even provide jobs , because there 's always somebody that knows somebody that needs somebody . We connect the dots and get the people so they 're helping themselves . ... That 's what America 's all about Toner : Why do you do this ? Dimiceli : I grew up in poverty , and as a little boy I stood by and watched my mother cry when our lights were off or we had no food or we were constantly being evicted like gypsies . I was helpless . I did n't know what to do . And there was something deep inside of me -- I wanted to stop that pain . I am still driven by those moments . ... I want to stop the pain in all those out there that are suffering . See the full story on CNN Hero Sal Dimiceli : A ` Dear Abby ' for the down and out	CNN Hero Sal Dimiceli has devoted his life to helping his fellow Americans Through his nonprofit , he has been able to give desperate people what they need to get by Dimiceli : Recession has put more and more people in need
Singapore 's pollution standards index  PSI  tipped the scales at 401 at noon on Friday , the highest ever recorded , as the government warned that the lingering haze could last for weeks . The National Environment Agency warned the elderly , pregnant women , children and those with heart and lung conditions to remain indoors as the index hit an historic high . An index reading above 300 is defined as "  hazardous " and is regarded as potentially life threatening to the ill and elderly . Interactive : See the smog descend on Singapore Meanwhile , Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee Hsieng Loong warned residents angry about the smoke wafting in from Indonesia that they may have to learn to live with it , for now . "  We ca n't tell how this problem is going to develop because it depends on the burning , it depends on the weather , it depends on the wind , " he told a press conference on Thursday . "  It can easily last for several weeks and quite possibly it could last longer until the dry season ends in Sumatra which may be September or October . " The Straits Times reported that queues had formed outside pharmacies across the island on Friday morning and that many had sold out of the particulate-filtering N95 respiratory masks within minutes . While schools remained closed in Singapore for the summer break , more than 300 were shut temporarily in nearby Malaysia due to the haze . Many office workers in the city-state , meanwhile , struggled to get to work through the haze-shrouded central business district . "  It looks like footage of London smog in the 1950s , except that it smells like a day-old hearth , " a British expat energy sector analyst , who did not want to be named , told CNN . ` It smells like burning ' says Singapore resident Singapore 's Minister for the Environment , Vivian Balakrishnan , flew to Jakarta on Thursday evening to meet with his Indonesian counterparts in a bid to coordinate a response to the smoke problem . The haze , caused by seasonal burn off in Sumatra , has strained relations between the two countries which normally share friendly ties . "  Singapore should not be behaving like a child and making all this noise , " senior Indonesian minister Agung Laksono told a press conference on Thursday . "  It 's not what Indonesians want , it 's nature . " Singapore -- which prides itself on its good air quality and green credentials - -- has blamed Indonesian commercial interests for causing the smoke problem . "  Singaporeans have lost patience , and are understandably angry , distressed and concerned , " Balakrishnan said on his Facebook page . "  No country or corporation has the right to pollute the air at the expense of Singaporeans ' health and wellbeing . " Jakarta , meanwhile , has pointed the finger at Singaporean palm oil ventures which it says have caused the smog by clearing land to make way for plantations that provide the feedstock for city-state 's refining industry . "  The slash-and-burn technique being used is the cheapest land-clearing method and it is not only used by local farmers , but also employees of palm oil investors including Singaporean and Malaysian companies , " Hadi Daryanto , a senior official at Indonesia 's Forestry Ministry , told Indonesian media . "  We hope the governments of Malaysia and Singapore will tell their investors to adopt proper measures so we can solve this problem together . " Three Singapore-based palm oil companies with land concessions in Indonesia , including Wilmar International Ltd , Golden Agri-Resources Ltd and First Resources Ltd , said this week they had "  zero burning " policies and used only mechanical means to clear land . Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee said the city-state had provided satellite data to Indonesia to help identify who was responsible for the fires .	Singapore 's pollution index hits record high as smoke lingers over city state Reading hits 401 , while anything above 300 is considered "  hazardous " The smoke , caused by seasonal burn off in Sumatra , is straining political relations Singapore PM says it could last for weeks , if not months
CNN  -- "  Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof . " This is the first line of the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution . Apparently , this now only applies to the certain instances for which President Barack Obama sees fit . In recent months , a far-reaching regulation emanating from "  Obamacare " and imposed by the Department of Health and Human Services requires church-affiliated hospitals , agencies and universities to pay for services that violate their faith  such as contraception , sterilization , and abortion-inducing drugs  in the health insurance they provide employees . For the first time in our nation 's history , the government has launched a full-fledged assault on our religious institutions to force them to pay for services that go against their religious convictions . The compromise offered by the administration allowing religious institutions a year to transition to the new system is no compromise . They are still forced to pay for services in direct conflict with their faith or incur severe penalties that could effectively drive them out of business . This is the most despicable violation of religious liberty that this nation has ever seen . Cardinal Timothy Dolan , archbishop of New York and president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , outlined it best when he said , "  In effect , the president is saying we have a year to figure out how to violate our consciences . " A year is a pitiful concession to make when they are essentially telling people that if they do not violate their conscience , the government will put them out of business . Catholic institutions , however , are not taking this assault lying down . This week , 43 of them have filed lawsuits across the nation challenging the mandate 's intrusion on religious liberty . This sentiment is felt not only among Catholics but also among Jewish , Protestant and other religious groups . Though these groups do not necessarily have a uniform religious teaching against some of the mandate 's provisions , they do have a uniform agreement that a coercive government does not have the right to say that these religious institutions must violate their consciences . These religious leaders realize that if government can impose these mandates against conscience rights on Catholics , what other mandates will they impose them on next ? The Obama administration and some of its allies in the press have attempted to make this a debate over contraception and tried to position opponents of the mandate as waging "  war on women . " Nothing could be further from the truth . There is no effort to limit access to contraceptives . Contraceptives are widely available to women -- and men . For $ 9 a month , birth control pills can be purchased at major national retail chains . This is all typical Washington-speak to create a rhetorical diversion from the real issue at stake . This debate is about whether the full force of government can be used to force religious institutions to violate their own faith and pay for services and products that violate the tenets of their teaching . It is also a debate over how government defines a religious institution . Until this mandate , the government recognized , through tax law and other means , faith-based schools , hospitals , orphanages , soup kitchens and hospice services as religious institutions . They kept a wall of separation between these institutions and the federal government . Now , under this mandate , unless a Catholic hospital only employs Catholic staff or cares for only sick Catholics it will no longer be regarded as a religious institution and will be forced to fund products and services contrary to the institution 's religious and moral beliefs . This is an unprecedented hit on the First Amendment and our nation 's long-standing practice of religious liberty . Religious leaders and people of faith from across the spectrum are speaking out to let the administration and Congress know that we can not let this assault on religious liberty stand and that we will not allow our religious institutions to be bullied into violating their own faith or be forced to limit their good work or worse yet , be forced to shut down these services that help so many people and promote the common good . This mandate presents a challenge to the American people . Our nation has had a long-held tradition backed by legal foundations and precedents that religious groups are allowed "  the free exercise " of their beliefs . Will we allow our religious freedom to be jeopardized ? Will we open the door to other freedoms being regulated , or worse , taken away entirely by the government ? The answer to our president should be simple . We can not -- and will not -- allow this to stand . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Matalin .	Mary Matalin : Obama administration rule infringes on rights of religious organizations She says Catholic groups were right to file lawsuits against the government rule Matalin says requiring religious groups to offer contraceptive coverage is wrong She says government ca n't force groups to violate their tenets
Jennifer Nettles , half of the country music duo Sugarland , said she was never asked to delay the band 's show at the Indiana State Fair because of an approaching storm . She would have complied if asked , Nettles said , according to testimony given during a taped deposition . Seven people died and more than 40 were injured last year when a storm caused a stage at the state fair to collapse , shortly before Sugarland was to perform . Several families of victims from the August incident have filed a lawsuit against the country band , contending it was negligent . Don Asher , general manager for a law firm that represents some of those victims , released clips of Nettles ' deposition to the media Monday . It was taped Thursday in Charleston , West Virginia . "  We 're invited to come into a place and play . It 's not our place , " Nettles said . "  I do n't feel it 's my responsibility , or my management 's responsibility , to evacuate the fans in the case of danger . Do I care about their safety ? Absolutely . " She said she was not asked to postpone show and would have complied if she had been approached . Furthermore , Nettles said she did not know whether Sugarland tour manager Helen Rollins prevented a delay or not , and was unaware of conversations that allegedly occurred about a possible postponement . In an affidavit from a lawsuit against one company , the fair 's executive director says she twice sent the show 's promoter to talk to Sugarland in an effort to delay the show . Twice the answer came back -- we want to go on , according to the deposition by Cynthia Hoye , the executive director of the state fair , according to the court filing . But in a separate document contained in a state report on the incident , Sugarland 's Rollins said no one asked the band to delay its set . When asked why his firm chose to release the clips , Asher said : "  In our opinion the deposition tells a different story than the one being portrayed by Nettles ' attorneys . They  Sugarland  could have delayed the start of the concert or sought to cancel it . They had access to Doppler radar and were aware of the storm approaching . In our opinion they  Sugarland  bear ultimate responsibility . " The firm is also considering releasing video of the deposition of Kristian Bush , the other half of the country music duo . Sugarland spokesman Allan Mayer responded : "  We 're not sure what these lawyers think they 're accomplishing by leaking selectively edited portions of the transcripts , but we do n't think it 's fooling anyone -- and it sure is n't bringing any truth or clarity to last summer 's tragedy . "  Their self-serving assertions about what Sugarland knew or could have done are contradicted not only by Kristian and Jennifer 's complete testimony but also by the independent reports of the Indiana Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the investigators hired by the state , " he said in a statement . In February , the Indiana Department of Labor announced penalties totaling $ 80,800 following a worker safety investigation into the collapse . The largest fines -- totaling $ 63,000 for what the agency said were three violations -- were levied on Mid-America Sound Corp. , which built the stage structure and leased it to the fair . Metal scaffolding supporting the stage lights fell onto a crowd of fans and workers as a storm swept through the Indianapolis fairgrounds on August 13 , 2011 , right before Sugarland was to perform .	Lead singer says she was never asked to delay the show Jennifer Nettles says she would have complied if asked Seven people were killed when a stage collapsed at the Indiana State Fair last year More than 40 others were injured
CNN  -- Nobel Peace laureate Tawakkol Karman has decided that the best use of her half million dollars in prize money is to give it all away . Karman , the Yemeni activist who in 2011 became the first Arab woman to be awarded the peace prize , says she has donated the $ 500,000 prize money to a fund for the people wounded and the families of those killed in Yemen 's Arab Spring-inspired uprising . "  This is my duty to the youths who sacrificed for change and to build a Yemen founded on freedom , justice , equality and good governance , " Karman , 34 , said in a statement late Monday . She is donating the prize money to the Aid Fund for Families of Martyrs and Wounded in the  2011  Peaceful Revolution , which was set up by President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi . Hadi assumed power in February 2012 in a deal that forced the previous president , Ali Abdullah Saleh , to trade his position for immunity after a year of political unrest destabilized the country . Karman was active in the protests against Saleh 's rule . The Nobel committee awarded her the prize in October 2011 , when Saleh was still in power . Karman said she heard the news that she had been selected as she was demonstrating in the Yemeni capital , Sanaa . She was one of three women awarded the peace prize that year . The other two were Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , and Leymah Gbowee , a social worker and peace campaigner from the same country . The three women were chosen "  for their nonviolent struggle for the safety of women and for women 's rights to full participation in peace-building work , " the Nobel committee said . It commended Karman for playing a leading role in the struggle for women 's rights for democracy and peace in Yemen . She is the president of Women Journalists Without Chains , a group campaigning for press freedom . Karman is not the first Nobel laureate to give away the prize money . President Barack Obama donated the roughly $ 1.4 million award from his 2009 Nobel Peace Prize to charity . The European Union , which was awarded the prize in 2012 , said it would use the money -- doubling it with its own contributions -- to help protect and educate children in conflict zones . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Karman says she 's given the money to a fund for victims of Yemen 's uprising "  This is my duty to the youths who sacrificed for change , " she says In 2011 , she became the first Arab woman to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize She played an active role in the protests against former ruler Ali Abdullah Saleh
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Interpol is chasing more than 200 leads on the potential identity of a pedophile suspected of molesting young boys , just one day after launching a global manhunt . Interpol has launched a global appeal to find this man , accused of abusing young boys . The organization , which facilitates global cooperation among police agencies , said its Web site logged 30 times more visitors than in an average day after it made its plea for the public 's help Tuesday . Interpol is trying to locate a man who is pictured sexually abusing young boys in hundreds of images on the Internet . " ` The public 's response has been very positive , " said Kristin Kvigne , assistant director of Interpol 's Trafficking in Human Beings unit , in a news release . "  The smallest piece of information from anywhere in the world could be crucial in identifying this man . " The man is featured in 100 photographs sexually abusing at least three boys between the ages of six and 10 , Interpol said . The organization posted six pictures of the suspect on its Web site . The pictures came to light in 2006 , when Norwegian authorities discovered them in the possession of a man they arrested . Watch a report on Interpol 's man-hunt " "  While these images were only discovered two years ago , we believe the photographs were taken between April 2000 and May 2001 , so clearly this man will be older than he appears in the pictures , " said Kvigne . Last October , Interpol disseminated pictures of another man whose face appeared in more than 200 images of sex acts with children . It dubbed its operation Vico , because the images were thought to have been taken in Vietnam and Cambodia . Ten days later , Christopher Paul Neil -- a 32-year-old Canadian man who had been working as an English-language teacher in South Korea -- was arrested in Thailand and charged with child abuse . Following the success of that operation , the organization 's general assembly approved a resolution allowing Interpol to seek public help in child sex abuse investigations .	NEW : Interpol chasing 200 new leads in global manhunt for serial pedophile Interpol Web site logged 30 times more visitors than in an average day 100 photographs show man sexually abusing at least three boys aged 6 to 10 Interpol issued appeal for first time in October , arrest made after 10 days
CNN  -- Too often the daydream of lounging under palm trees on some enchanted island is punctured by the reality of sky-high hotel and resort prices . But there 's no need to despair or settle for some landlocked compromise . We 've pinpointed affordable island hotels that span the globe , from destinations usually reserved for big spenders to others barely on the radar of most travelers . All of our favorites have room rates that start below $ 200 -- some as low as $ 70 . And these hotels have more going for them than price point , whether it 's an oceanfront location or cozy charm . Whatever your idea of paradise , we think you 'll agree that every gem on our list deserves treasure island status . Lefkes Village Hotel , Paros , Greece Part of the Cyclades , Paros delivers all the archetypal Greek island draws -- whitewashed churches , bougainvillea-festooned houses , panoramic Aegean views -- without the high prices of neighboring hot spots Santorini and Mykonos . Case in point : this 20-room contemporary hotel in the quiet mountain village of Lefkes , with a swimming pool , a small museum , and a tavern that uses ingredients gathered from the surrounding fruit trees and gardens . From $ 70 . La Veranda Resort , Vietnam The island of Phu Quoc  the country 's largest  is firmly on the tourist radar these days , yet it still retains the serene small-town essence that first drew intrepid travelers to its balmy shores . This elegant two-story resort radiates French colonial-era charm : airy rooms with net-draped beds with either lush tropical garden or ocean views , a dining room serving Pan Pacific cuisine on a long veranda beneath lazy ceiling fans , and a clubby lounge bar with scarlet walls . From $ 140 . Travel + Leisure : Best U.S. cities for affordable getaways Copamarina Beach Resort & Spa , Puerto Rico Copamarina occupies prime oceanfront real estate on Puerto Rico 's less-explored southern coast , complete with a palm-fringed beach and 20 acres of tropical gardens . It 's a setting that more than makes up for any style shortcomings . Take advantage of the recently updated on-site spa , two seafood-oriented restaurants , and several pools , or venture farther afield . The historic seaside town of Gunica is within walking distance ; nearby adventures include bird-watching in Dry Forest Reserve and snorkeling by tiny Gilligan 's Island . From $ 145 . Fairbanks House , Amelia Island , Florida Amelia Island combines the Spanish moss-draped romance of the South with a laid-back tropical ambience . And this boutique Italianate-style villa is the perfect base from which to take it all in . The historic building  est. 1885  displays all manner of over-the-top details : dormers , bay windows , massive chimneys , balustraded balconies , and a 15-foot tower . Rooms feature canopy or four-poster beds , fireplaces , and bathrooms that will thrill any nostalgics yearning to soak in a Victorian-era claw-foot tub . From $ 180 . Travel + Leisure : Best affordable all-inclusive resorts Fishers ' Loft , Newfoundland , Canada Overlooking Trinity Bay and the harbor of Ship Cove , Fishers ' Loft is found on one of Atlantic Canada 's most fascinating , idiosyncratic islands . Designed in the clapboard-and-shingles style of the late 1800s , this cozy inn evokes Newfoundland 's seafaring past ; guests have the chance to spot whales and icebergs out the mullioned windows , depending on the season . Meals are sourced with ingredients gathered from the inn 's greenhouse and gardens . From $ 99 . Auberge Seraphine , St. Lucia A big hit with honeymooners , the lush Caribbean island of St. Lucia can also take a big hit on your wallet , thanks to its slew of high-end resorts . Not so at this sweet family-run hotel near Castries on the northwest coast . There 's no beach here , but the auberge has a lovely pool and is on sailboat-packed Vielle Bay , close to a large lily pad -- filled pond popular with hundreds of white egrets . Snag a table at the on-site restaurant for seafood risotto and lobster . From $ 125 . Rosario Resort & Spa , Orcas Island , Washington For an island getaway with a dose of history , consider this quaint 40-acre resort on the largest of Washington State 's San Juan Islands , overlooking East Sound and Cascade Bay . Rosario shares land with Moran Mansion , the magnificent former home of shipbuilder and onetime Seattle mayor Robert Moran . It 's now a museum featuring archival photographs , model ships , and an impressive collection of Arts and Crafts furnishings amassed by Moran . From $ 99 . Travel + Leisure : Best places to spend Christmas Villa Serena , Dominican Republic Word has spread about the Saman peninsula , an unspoiled stretch of coastline in the island 's northeast corner , far from the madding crowds of the Puerto Cana resort region . Part of the peninsula 's appeal is its bevy of stylish small hotels , among them , Villa Serena on Las Galeras Bay . It has all the classic Caribbean colonial features -- Palladian arches , wooden shutters , acres of white gingerbread trim -- set in sprawling tropical gardens just steps from the sand . Daily alfresco yoga sessions overlooking the ocean are a highlight . From $ 110 . Sangat Island Dive Resort , Palawan , Philippines It 's not hard to understand why T+L readers voted Palawan their favorite island in the 2013 World 's Best survey ; the lightly populated archipelago shows off the sublime underwater richness of the Philippines . After diving or snorkeling in the surrounding coral reef , retreat back to your cottage at this low-key resort at the foot of towering limestone cliffs . Simple tropical furnishings -- bamboo floors and walls , bright textiles , and terraces slung with hammocks -- keep the focus on the outrageously beautiful ocean views . From $ 85 . La Tosca , Capri , Italy Dreams are made of this : a charming family-run hotel in one of Italy 's most upscale destinations for around $ 100 a night . Whitewashed La Tosca also occupies a lofty position , providing glimpses of the Faraglioni rocks from the breakfast terrace . Rooms are simply furnished , with vibrant textiles , tiled floors , and windows opening onto either the gardens or the Mediterranean . It 's within strolling distance of the island 's famous Piazzetta , the Gardens of Augustus , and the Monastery of St. Giacomo . From $ 100  closed November -- March  . See all of the best affordable island hotels Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Amelia Island combines the tropical lushness of Florida with Southern charm Copamarina occupies prime oceanfront real estate on Puerto Rico 's southern coast Catch glimpses of the Faraglioni rocks from the terrace at La Tosca in Capri
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Inside a gated community in a tranquil Kenyan suburb , a group of builders are putting the final touches to the exterior of a lavish , red-tiled villa nestled in the middle of a landscape garden . Within the spacious property , no luxury is spared : Hardwood floors , Venetian finishes , designer furniture and five en-suite bathrooms ensure that all the modern conveniences are in place for the future tenants . Welcome to Miotoni Ridge , a 14-mansion development in one of the Kenyan capital 's most prestigious locations . Houses here are designed for the highest-end of the luxury market . Asking prices are running at more than $ 1 million but that has not deterred any potential buyers : 60 % of these properties are already sold out . In fact , a study earlier this year by estate agents Knight Frank and Citi Private Wealth found that Nairobi was the best performing prime residential market in the world . Values in the city grew up by 25 % in 2011 , leaving luxury hotspots such as London , Miami and Hong Kong behind . Read more : Africans shun crisis-hit West for jobs back home Ben Woodhams , managing director of Knight Frank Kenya , says the findings of the survey surprised even the agency 's research department . "  We were higher than Miami and it was like ` how dare you , ' " he says . "  So we had to justify our figures and say ` yes , this really is what is happening here . ' But it is about growth , it is not about value . " Although this growth comes from a base of relatively low prices , Woodhams says there 's a number of factors that has made investing in Kenya 's luxury housing market attractive . "  Regionally Kenya is a safe haven , " he says . "  People are seeing relatively good returns in Kenya specifically , but -LSB- also -RSB- in Africa as a whole -- particularly with the problems we are seeing in the rest of the world . " Woodhams says it 's mostly Kenyan or Kenyan-linked investors that drove the country 's prime housing market to the top spot . "  A lot of Kenyans in the diaspora in the -LSB- United -RSB- States and Europe send a lot of money back to Kenya and a lot of that gets invested in the property market , " he says . "  So that is another big driver for us . " Yet , Nairobi is not the only location in Kenya experiencing great growth in luxury real estate . Coastal hotspots such as Mombasa , Malindi and Lamu occupied the second spot in The Wealth Report 2012 , recording a 20 % price growth in luxury residential properties . Lamu , a tiny island located off Kenya 's north coast , is the second home for many tycoons , attracting local and international investors who flock in to get a unique combination of sun and culture . Andrew McGhie , a Lamu-based estate agent , says that Kenya 's coast tugs at people 's heart strings , not just their wallets . "  Lamu attracts a fairly adventurous romantic type person who wants to come to somewhere that is completely different to their everyday lives , " he says . "  While the old town has changed a little bit in the last five years , it has n't changed much in the last 500 years . " Read more : Using the web to fight corruption Although Kenya 's prime real estate might be booming , analysts say that international investors have been slow to dive into the country 's market , partly due to security reasons . Lawlessness in neighboring Somalia recently spilled over the border while kidnappings of tourists in the area prompted several countries to put out travel warnings . Kenyan forces have moved to occupy southern Somalia and beefed up security on the coast . The warnings were lifted but the chilling effect remains . "  International investors are keen in getting into countries where they know that their property rights are protected . Where the rule of law is respected , " says James Muratha , regional director at Stanbic Investments . "  And where there is a perception where the justice system is not up to par , then they prefer to stay away . And that is why you see more local investors investing in these markets as opposed to international investors , " he adds . Analysts also say that uncertainty about upcoming elections and high interest rates may also hamper growth in the market . But agents believe it will only be temporary . Woodhams says the country 's market can offer top returns to individual and institutional investors . "  It is not just because of the direct relationship between rent and capital value , " he says . "  We are talking about year on year growth as well and I think that 's the key . "  The levels of growth we have seen in Kenya have made the returns for corporate institutional investors very good indeed . " Ultimately , they hope the deals will just be too good to miss .	Kenya 's prime housing market saw the biggest price increase globally last year , a report has found The country 's market offers top returns to investors , estate agents say But international buyers have been slow to dive into the market , partly due to security reasons Analysts say uncertainty about elections and high interest rates may also hamper growth
CNN  -- Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber is considering legislation that would declare a public safety emergency in some Oregon counties where residents often have been left to try to fend for themselves . The measure would also impose a temporary income tax on residents of counties unable to pay for public safety workers due to budget cuts . "  The state has an interest in maintaining a network of public safety throughout Oregon , " said Amy Wojcicki , a spokesperson for the governor , in an e-mail statement to CNN . Josephine County , where there is one sheriff and three deputies to serve 80,000 people , would be one of those affected . The shortage of officers and the department 's limited hours led to an incident in August that helped prompt state legislators to take action , CNN affiliate KOBI reported . A woman was assaulted by her ex-boyfriend after she called 911 and tried to get an officer at her home . Her call was transferred to the state police because the sheriff 's department is n't staffed 24 hours a day or seven days a week , the station said . A dispatcher for the state police said , "  Uh , I do n't have anybody to send out there . You know , obviously , if he comes inside the residence and assaults you , can you ask him to go away ? " The man was arrested later that day , was later convicted and is imprisoned , KOBI reported . Her distress call is not the only that has come in with officials unable to help , the station said . On Tuesday , residents of Josephine County , shot down a measure to increase property taxes to increase funding for their depleted sheriff department , court security , animal control and juvenile justice . The tax levy , voted down by 539 votes , would have provided a $ 9.6 million yearly fund over three years . "  It would have allowed us a calm breathing room to arrive a better funding source , " County Commissioner Keith Heck told CNN . The average increase per homeowner would have been about $ 200 a year , explained Heck . "  We have had a history of people being very protective of having the lowest property tax in the state of Oregon . There has to be a groundswell of people that will be able to move those folks into a minority , " said Heck , who expressed frustration at the fact that 49 % of registered voters in the county did not vote . But as Heck explained , there is a very popular sentiment in the community of taking the law into your own hands . "  And that is all fine and dandy until you have to shoot somebody . But you better make sure you have shot him in accordance with the law because in an effort to save yourself $ 200 a year , you could lose everything you have . This is a real myopic view that permeates many folks in the community . They see only their situation instead of the community structure . They think , ' I will prospect only my land , ' " Heck said . Commissioner Simon Hare told KOBI that Oregon does n't need to step in . "  I 'm never for authority being usurped by the state , " he said . "  I think we are best in a position to reflect the will of the people here and I always advocate for local control . " Josephine County 's budget was dependent on a federal subsidy program , which dispersed money to offset shrinking timber receipts to 33 counties in the state , he said . It dried up last year , and the county has not received any funding this year . The federal government owns 70 % of the land  which can not be taxed by local governments  in the mostly forested county , where the last mill recently closed . But even if Kitzhaber and Oregon lawmakers pass the public safety emergency bill , local legislative leaders and the county 's governing body would have to consent to it . That is a conversation , Heck said , that has n't happened yet . CNN 's Stefan Simon contributed to this report .	Woman was assaulted after calling 911 and being told no officer was available State may vote to impose taxes on counties that lack certain public safety workers Many residents of Josephine County are set on defending themselves , commissioner says Logging-dependent counties lost money from federal government program they used for public safety
CNN  -- This has been a banner year for crime novelist Michael Connelly . A film adaptation of "  The Lincoln Lawyer " was a critical success and could become a TV series next year . His most recent novel , "  The Fifth Witness , " hit No. 1 on the bestseller list , and Connelly topped 1 million e-books sold online . His latest novel , "  The Drop , " arrives in bookstores Tuesday and is poised to be another top seller . This is Connelly 's 24th novel and the 18th featuring his dogged LAPD detective Harry Bosch . "  The Drop " finds Bosch fighting off forced retirement , struggling to be a better single father to his teenage daughter and pursuing two mysteries simultaneously . In one , Bosch is called to the famous Chateau Marmont hotel to investigate the death of an L.A. city councilman 's son . Did the victim jump , or was he pushed from a hotel window ? It 's a case fraught with "  high jingo , " police speak for internal politics . The second mystery comes from the LAPD 's "  open-unsolved unit . " In a cold case dating to 1989 , Bosch makes a chilling discovery : A serial killer has been operating in L.A. in secret for decades . Unlike Bosch , there 's no talk of retirement with Connelly . With 42 million copies of his books sold worldwide , he 's just back from a promotional tour in Europe . He 's pressing ahead with plans to bring Bosch to the big screen , looking for the right deal and the right people to work with , and working on a TV pilot for "  The Lincoln Lawyer . " He 's also preparing to celebrate 20 years as a novelist . CNN recently caught up with Connelly to talk about his new book . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : What was the spark behind your latest book ? Connelly : Actually , there were a couple different sparks . The book has two parallel stories going through it . One I call the political story . In a turnabout , Harry ends up more or less working for a guy who 's been his nemesis in other books . That was an idea suggested to me by a cop a long time ago , and I 've been holding on to it , carrying it around with me , waiting for the right time to write that story . The other story is Harry on a cold case , inspired by an aspect of L.A. 's "  Grim Sleeper " case -- not necessarily the investigation of the alleged serial killer but the fact that when they caught the guy they say is the Grim Sleeper , they found thousands of photos and videotapes in his possession of women , many of them potential victims . A squad of detectives has to go to work looking through all these photos every day trying to identify the people , trying to find identifiable characteristics in the pictures . It just seemed like a very difficult task knowing that all these people could have ended up being victims of a pretty bad predator . Just that idea kind of shot through and gave me images , and I knew that was the other prong of the story , that Harry Bosch encounters something like that . CNN : Bosch is dealing with some pretty dark subject matter in this novel . Was that planned ? Connelly : You know , I do n't really outline my books , so I ca n't say I knew what was going to happen . I was impressed by this real case , and I wanted to create a case that had that aspect . After I was done writing "  The Drop , " I looked back at that chapter , and I thought that might be the darkest chapter I 've ever written . Who would have seen that coming 10 months ago , when I started writing the book ? CNN : How has Harry Bosch changed over the course of your career ? Connelly : I think he 's changed a lot . The books take place in real time , so it 's more than 18 years of Harry Bosch . Like anybody who 's aged 18 years , you 're going to be different . A lot of his hard edges have worn down by his experiences . I think his cynicism has been alleviated somewhat by having his daughter in his life in the last couple of books . That 's become a very big part of his focus in life . He 'd been a father for a long time , but he 'd never been engaged in raising her until she was a teenager . He 's not that good at it . He 's learning as he goes , but what 's affecting him is what affects anyone who becomes a parent : You hope for a better world for your children , so that 's kind of changed his outlook on the world . CNN : Like Harry Bosch , you too are a father . How does that impact your novels ? Connelly : Harry does n't have the benefit that you and I have of being with our kids from the beginning . Harry 's daughter is a year older than mine , so they share a lot of stuff . Sometimes his daughter says stuff that my daughter says , and so forth . But Harry 's learning curve is much different from mine . He makes a lot of missteps , and he does a lot of things that might seem odd to other parents , but when you look at his perspective of where he 's been in his life , the institutions he 's been a part of , they seem quite natural . He takes his daughter shooting . I do n't know too many people that would do that . I 'm not going to make a judgment on whether it 's right or wrong ; it 's just not the usual type of father-daughter outing . That in a way is an endearing part of their relationship . He wants to pass on some of his skills to her , and he 's working on that , and I think you can see that in this book . CNN : Your books always incorporate real Los Angeles landmarks ; do you have any favorite spots you 've written about ? Connelly : The Chateau Marmont is one of my favorites . I do n't live in L.A. anymore , but I 'm there a lot , and I stay in various hotels , but I stay there often , in room 79 , which is a crime scene in this book . I 've stayed there many times . I really like that place . It 's got some celebrity cachet , but it 's also got this old-world charm . It 's a very private place that I really like , so that was kind of fun to write . Some of this book was written in that room . That 's always fun when you can do something like that . They knew I was writing the book . They 're very nice to me there , and they just said "  treat us with respect . " I do have a crime scene set there , but hopefully my love of the place , its attractiveness , comes out in the book . CNN : You 're just back from a book tour in the UK . What was that like ? Connelly : The book 's just coming out here in the U.S. , but it came out in October in Europe . So I was over there promoting the book , and it 's not even out here , so it 's a little bit unusual . It was fun , good reception , good weather when I was in the UK and Ireland , a fun thing to do . I did a number of events . They were well-attended , and I just heard a couple of days ago the book is No. 1 in Ireland . I 'm of Irish descent , so that 's always good to hear . CNN : You recently became part of a very exclusive club ; your eBooks have sold more than 1 million copies online . How does that feel ? Connelly : That was actually shocking when I heard that and the company of authors I 'm included with now . I think "  The Lincoln Lawyer " movie had something to do with it ; it 's a pretty good movie , and I think that inspired a lot of people to check out the book . That probably pushed me over the top . CNN : Do you have a favorite book this year ? Connelly : Two books I read recently , "  The Cut " by George Pelecanos and "  Feast Day of Fools " by James Lee Burke , were really outstanding . Also a new book I just read . It 's called "  Shortcut Man " by P.G. Sturges . It 's set in L.A. , kind of a noir story . His father was a famous screenwriter . CNN : What 's next for you ? Connelly : Well , you 've always got to keep writing , so I 'm writing . Next year is kind of a significant year for me . It will be 20 years since my first book came out , so next year , I 'll publish my 25th book . I 've thought a lot about that and just felt like it should be Harry Bosch . So I 'm working on a Harry Bosch book . It 's called "  The Black Box . " That 's under way , and hopefully it will be out around this time next year . Read an excerpt from "  The Drop . "	Author Michael Connelly 's 24th novel , "  The Drop , " comes out Tuesday It is the 18th novel to feature his character Harry Bosch Connelly is celebrating 20 years as a novelist
CNN  -- Two weeks after being arrested for a shooting he said was in self-defense , a Florida man has been indicted on a charge of first degree murder and three counts of attempted first degree murder . Michael Dunn also faces a charge of shooting or throwing deadly missiles . The indictment came down Thursday in connection with the November 26 shooting that killed 17-year-old Jordan Davis in Jacksonville . Dunn has been held without bond since his arrest . The violence was sparked by a confrontation about loud music at a gas station , the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office said . Dunn told authorities that he had asked the teens to turn down the blaring music coming from their vehicle , which was parked next to his as he waited for his girlfriend to return to the car . He heard threats from the teens , Dunn told police , he felt threatened and he thought he saw a gun in the teens ' car . He grabbed his gun and fired at least eight shots , authorities said . Davis , among the teens , was killed . No guns were found inside the teens ' car , the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office said . Some have compared this incident to the Trayvon Martin case , the shooting of an unarmed Florida teen earlier this year that sparked nationwide protests and inflamed public passions over race relations and gun control . Martin 's shooting also focused a spotlight on Florida 's controversial "  Stand Your Ground " law , which allows the use of deadly force when a person perceives a threat to safety . Similar to Martin , Davis was 17 , unarmed and African-American . Dunn 's attorney has rejected such comparisons . CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	Michael Dunn is indicted on charges of first degree murder He also faces attempted first degree murder charges The encounter began with the suspect complaining about the teens ' loud music , police say
CNN  -- Landslides unleashed by tropical depression Parma across the Philippine province of Benguet have killed at least 122 people and left 31 missing , officials said Friday . A boatman transports three empty wooden coffins on the edge of Laguna Lake east of Manila on Thursday . Four people had been found alive in debris , and at least 22 had been injured by landslides that started Thursday afternoon and continued all night , affecting several municipalities , said Elmer Foria , police senior superintendent . Parma , which had been downgraded from a typhoon , poured more rain onto sodden and already weakened ground . Flooding had inundated 32 towns and two cities , Dagupan and Urdaneta , according to Rocky Baraan , provincial administrator of Pangasinan . Some 35,000 people had fled to evacuation centers , the official Philippines News Agency reported , citing the Provincial Disaster Coordinating Council . The worst-hit areas included Bayambang , Alcala and Basista , the news agency reported . People clambered onto rooftops as floodwaters rose , calling and texting for help . Rescue trucks were hampered by floodwaters that reach the roofs of single-story houses , Baraan said . About 16 rubber rescue boats had been deployed . Since the rains started in central Luzon , three dams in the Pangasinan area have been releasing vast amounts of water -- up to 10 million cubic meters per hour at one dam , dam officials said . Water passing through the three dams -- the Ambuklao , the Binga and the San Roque -- is rushing into the Agno River , which has been swollen since Thursday and affects seven towns in eastern Pangasinan , dam officials said . Water released from the San Roque dam has contributed to the flooding in eastern Pangasinan , acknowledged Alex Palada , division manager for flood forecasting and warning of the National Power Corporation . Dam officials had no choice but to maintain safe water levels , he added , noting that he alerted Pangasinan Governor Amado Espino . The governor started to evacuate residents Thursday when the Agno River started to rise , Palada said . In the last several days , water has become the Philippines ' biggest enemy , as Parma , locally known as "  Pepeng , " dumped as much as 36 inches  91.4 centimeters  of rain in some parts of the nation of islands , compounding misery in areas already flooded by earlier storm Ketsana . Parma was forecast to have winds of no greater than 39 mph  63 kph  by Friday . The U.S. Navy was expected to join rescue operations in Pangasinan , according to the agency . Journalist Lilibeth Frondoso and CNN 's Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	Three dams in Pangasinan area release vast amounts of water , officials say Death toll rises Flooding inundates 32 towns , two cities , says Pangasinan administrator Report : Worst-hit areas in Pangasinan province are Bayambang , Alcala and Basista
CNN  -- It 's possible no more exotic animals are on the loose after deputies killed 49 lions , tigers and other wild animals freed from a local farm by its suicidal owner , an Ohio sheriff told reporters Thursday . Of the 56 animals released Tuesday night , only a grizzly bear , two monkeys and three leopards were taken alive , Muskingum County Sheriff Matt Lutz said . Killed were two wolves ; six black bears ; two grizzly bears ; nine male lions ; eight lionesses ; one baboon ; three mountain lions ; and 18 Bengal tigers , Lutz said Thursday . Six animals were taken to the Columbus Zoo . Lutz said he has been in contact with Jack Hanna , the zoo 's director emeritus , and "  the animals are doing well . They are eating , they are active and they are being evaluated . " One monkey remained unaccounted for Wednesday night , Hanna said . Lutz said Thursday there was one monkey unaccounted for , and acknowledged it could be on the loose , but said there had been no reported sightings and it was believed one of the big cats may have eaten it . It was thought to be in the same area as another monkey which was killed by the cats , he said . There is a concern the monkey could be carrying herpes B , Lutz said . He urged members of the public not to approach a monkey if they see it but to summon authorities . The farm 's owner , Terry Thompson , pried open cages and opened the farm 's fences before dying from a self-inflicted gunshot wound Tuesday afternoon , Lutz said . Autopsy results confirmed the shot was self-inflicted , the sheriff said . Thompson also had a bite wound to his head consistent with a bite from a "  larger-type cat , " Lutz said . The bite is believed to have occurred "  within seconds to a minute " after the gunshot wound , he said . Thompson was known to feed the animals chicken parts , Lutz said , and a pile of such items was found in the home 's driveway . The only animals left on the property as of Thursday were horses , the sheriff said . The killed animals were buried on Thompson 's property , at the request of his wife . The animals , he said , "  were like kids to her . " Lutz said he does not know who leaked a photo of the dead animals , but told reporters he hopes to serve multiple terms and "  I have a few years to find out . " He said one person attempted to steal an animal 's body . None of his deputies are equipped with tranquilizer guns , Lutz told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " And with night falling Tuesday as authorities arrived , he gave the order to kill the escaped animals . Ohio animal owner supplied cub for Heidi Klum "  If this had been a 9 o'clock or 10 o'clock incident , in the middle of the day , odds are high that we may have been able to surround the area and keep everything contained , " he said . "  But our biggest problem that we had was nightfall . We had about an hour , hour and a half of light , and we just could n't take the chance . " "  These were 300-pound animals and they were very dangerous , " Lutz said Thursday . Hanna , the zoo 's director emeritus , said he was upset by loss of "  precious " animals , but defended the decision to use deadly force . "  To have no one hurt or killed here with 40-something animals getting loose is unbelievable , " he told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " Hanna led a team of experts who arrived with four tranquilizer guns late Tuesday in an effort to corral the animals . He said the drugs take several minutes to subdue an animal even with a good shot , and one tiger had to be killed Wednesday afternoon when it turned on a veterinarian after being hit with a tranquilizer dart . The Humane Society of the United States also said Wednesday it does not fault authorities for using deadly force in such a situation . Both the Humane Society and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals urged Ohio officials to put a law in place barring the keeping of exotic animals as pets . Lutz said Ohio Gov. John Kasich had called him and expressed his support , and acknowledged that the law needs to be changed . "  I 'll do anything I have to do " to ensure such an incident never again occurs , Lutz said . Overnight Tuesday and early Wednesday , sheriff 's deputies searched the eastern Ohio woods around the city of Zanesville with night-vision gear and patrolled in pickups , armed with shotguns . Flashing signs on the highways in eastern Ohio warned motorists Wednesday : "  Caution . Exotic animals . " Schools were closed , and some frightened residents said they were keeping to their homes as sheriff 's deputies hunted the lions , tigers , leopards and grizzly bears . "  Yeah , there 's a lion on Mount Perry Road . ... I just drove by and it walked out in front of me and was standing there under the street light , " one caller to 911 told deputies . Opinion : Wild animals should be left in the wild Thompson 's property is about 2 miles outside Zanesville . The 62-year-old had been released from a federal prison September 30 after pleading guilty earlier this year to possessing illegal firearms , including five fully automatic firearms . A civil case seeking forfeiture of firearms was pending , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Ohio 's Southern District . He also had been convicted of animal cruelty and was arrested several times for traffic violations . Lutz told reporters Thursday he could not speculate on what prompted Thompson to take his life . Sam Kopchak , Thompson 's neighbor , said he saw lions and bears running free Tuesday evening , with one tiger chasing horses . Kopchak managed to get himself and his horse into his barn and telephoned his mother . "  It was like a war zone , " Kopchak said when authorities descended on the property , set off the road named after Kopchak 's family . Kopchak described Thompson as aloof . He loved animals . Kopchak saw him driving one time with a baby black bear on his chest CNN 's Moni Basu , Jordana Ossad , Andy Rose , Jason Carroll , Ninette Sosa , Ed Payne and Maggie Schneider contributed to this report .	NEW : Autopsy results confirm man shot himself after freeing animals NEW : Animals taken to the Columbus Zoo are "  doing well , " sheriff says A missing monkey may have been eaten , expert says
Washington  CNN  He ousted Egypt 's first democratically elected president in a coup , crushed political dissent , let foreign journalists languish in jail and just jabbed the U.S. by greeting Vladimir Putin as a hero . Yet Egypt 's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi is fast becoming the favorite Middle East strongman of American conservatives and Republican presidential hopefuls . Jeb Bush says he ca n't understand why the White House has told Sisi "  you 're not on our team " as jihadism spreads like wildfire through the Middle East . Ted Cruz , another GOP 2016 pretender has also praised him , and key conservative media figures are lionizing Sisi . The rush of affection for the former Army Chief contrasts with the strained relationship between Sisi and the White House , reflected in the Obama administration 's decision not to publicly back air strikes by Egypt on a common enemy -- ISIS -- in Libya this week . It 's also the latest manifestation of the decades-long tussle between the U.S. and Egypt , which pits a push for human rights and democracy against the yearning for a stable pro-U.S. partner in a chaotic region , whatever the character of its regime . The spur for the conservative infatuation for Sisi was a speech in January in which the Egyptian leader warned Islam was being "  torn " and "  destroyed " by extremism . "  It 's inconceivable that the thinking that we hold most sacred should cause the entire Islamic world to be a source of anxiety , danger , killing and destruction for the rest of the world , " said Sisi . Sisi spoke in a highly symbolic venue , the Al Azhar Mosque in Cairo , one of the most vaulted seats of learning in the Muslim world . "  It 's antagonizing the entire world ! Does this mean that 1.6 billion people  Muslims  should want to kill the rest of the world 's inhabitants -- that is 7 billion -- so that they themselves may live ? Impossible ! " On the face of it , Sisi 's speech was a call to cleanse Islam of extremist thought and elements which groups like ISIS and al-Qaeda have used to justify jihad . It continues to impress conservatives in the United States amid a fierce political debate about how to contain ISIS 's march across the region . "  He gave this incredible speech about Muslim extremism , and saying it 's the responsibility of the Arab world to step up to fight this ; that the first risks are for countries like Egypt , " Bush said in Chicago on Wednesday . It 's no coincidence that Republicans are praising the speech 's blunt message at the same time as they are accusing President Barack Obama of falling prey to political correctness in his unwillingness to state the U.S. is at war with radical Islam . That comparison is also frequently being made on conservative talk radio . Cruz also praised Sisi on Fox News on Wednesday . "  What would be far better to see was the kind of courage that was demonstrated just a few weeks ago by President al-Sisi in Cairo , " Cruz said . "  Why do n't we see the president of the United States demonstrating that same courage , just to speak the truth , about the face of evil we are facing right now ? " Cruz asked . Mike Huckabee , another potential Republican presidential contender , said "  thank God for President al-Sisi in Egypt " in an interview with NewsMax TV . Southern Baptist leader Richard Land wrote in The Christian Post that the Sisi speech could be as historically resonant as Martin Luther King 's "  I have a Dream " speech or president John Kennedy 's declaration : "  Ich bin ein Berliner . " Conservative commentator George Will said on Fox News Sunday last month that Sisi may deserve the Nobel Peace Prize . But are U.S. political figures ripping a speech redolent with Egyptian political overtones out of context to back up their own positions ? Professor Nathan Brown of George Washington University said that Sisi 's remarks were not that unusual and that a number of Arab leaders have previously given similar speeches to limited effect . "  It is standard stuff , " he said . And Sisi 's record toward political opponents and extremists , especially the Muslim Brotherhood , which formed Egypt 's first democratic government until it was ousted by his army amid mass protests in 2013 , paints a different picture of the Egyptian leader . "  The way that Sisi represents dealing with them is not through abstract theological arguments but through a severe security and political response , " said Brown , who is also with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  That is what he represents . That part of the message gets lost . " The State Department and rights groups fault Egypt for the removal of a civilian government , using lethal force to disburse MB protests , and for killing hundreds of protestors nationwide and say discrimination against Christians and Jews in Egypt remains widespread . Some analysts interpreted Sisi 's speech as a way to justify the exclusion from politics of Islamist elements from political life in Egypt following his landslide win in an election last year in which the Brotherhood was banned . Since the election , the Obama administration has tried to carefully restore ties with Egypt on the grounds that it remains a vital strategic partner . Secretary of State John Kerry visited Cairo in September and Obama met Sisi on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York last year . Close intelligence cooperation continues behind the scenes . But relations have remained strained . After the coup the U.S. temporarily held up a tranch of $ 500 million in military aid to Egypt and an order of attack helicopters . Reconciliation has been made more difficult by the detention in Egypt of foreign journalists . The spectacle of Putin getting a warm welcome from Sisi in a visit last week did not go unnoticed in Washington , and was an apparent sign from the Cairo government that if the U.S. does not take better care of its friends , Egypt will look elsewhere . The Pentagon , meanwhile , said it was not even told in advance about Egyptian air strikes this week on ISIS targets in Libya in revenge for the beheadings of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christian workers by an ISIS-affiliated group . "  It 's a complex relationship that we have with Egypt , " said Pentagon spokesman John Kirby . ISIS 's swift spread in the Arab world has some realists in Washington considering whether it 's time to re-emphasise the stability dimension of the U.S. relationship with Cairo . Bush suggested as much on Wednesday , in remarks that were especially noteworthy because the second term administration of his brother , George W. Bush , angered the government of then Egyptian president Hosni Mubarak by issuing a call for democracy in the Arab world as part of its Freedom Agenda . Jeb Bush asked Wednesday : "  Is  Sisi  a little "  L " liberal democrat that believes in freedom like we do ? " "  No , he is n't . But I think we have to be practical , " Bush said in the first foreign policy speech of his putative presidential campaign which could augur another turn in the roller coaster US-Egypt relationship . "  We have to balance our belief in liberty with a belief that security and engagement will create the possibilities for the Egyptians to garner more freedom . "	Republicans praise tough Egyptian line on radical Islam Potential 2016 GOP candidates use Sisi comments as cudgel against Obama Comments mark latest twist in diplomatic dance between Washington and Cairo
CNN  The emotional two-hour season finale of Fox 's "  Glee " went full circle from the show 's roots to the future , reminding Gleeks why they fell in love with the musical sitcom . Few would disagree that the show 's first season was its best , winning over a dedicated fan base who stuck with the show through an uneven six seasons and the loss of star Cory Monteith . For its final episode Friday night , the show that made it cool to join the high school glee club focused on core characters introduced in the first season . The first hour of Friday 's season finale , aptly titled "  2009 , " was a retelling of the first episode , which included a memorable performance of Journey 's "  Do n't Stop Believing " by the original members of William McKinley High School 's glee club . Instead of telling it again through Finn 's perspective , the finale showed what led the other characters to join New Directions , culminating in an edited version of the performance that packed an emotional punch by featuring Monteith . The second hour brought us to the present day , with Will passing New Directions on to Sam so he can take charge of McKinley High as a fine arts school . We saw the characters ' dreams come true in a requisite flash-forward to the future : Rachel  now married to Jesse  wins a Tony Award ; Mercedes sings with Beyonce ; Kurt and Blaine are successful Broadway stars ; and most amazing of all , Vice President Sue Sylvester starts her second term in the Jeb Bush administration . The entirety of New Directions , past and present , gathered one last time in the auditorium , now named after Finn . They sang one last song before we saw a quote from Finn summing up the show : "  See the world not as it is , but as it should be . " Fans approved of the final episode , sharing tributes and celebrating the show on social media .	"  Glee " ended Friday after six season Show 's two-hour finale looked at the characters ' past and future Fans raved about the ending
CNN  -- The first ever regular season NBA game was played in Europe this weekend , as the New Jersey Nets took on the Toronto Raptors at London 's O2 Arena . The British capital proved to be lucky for the Nets . The east coast team won both legs of the two-game tie -- they claimed the first 116-103 on Friday and the second 137-136 in triple overtime on Saturday . Despite basketball not enjoying the same high-profile in Great Britain as it does across North America , fans packed the 18,600 capacity venue -- which played host to an exhibition between the L.A. Lakers and the Minnesota Timberwolves a year ago -- to watch the two highly competitive games . In order to make sure anyone new to basketball understood what was going on , an announcer explained who the players , teams and coaches were and gave a commentary to explain the scoring to the crowd . But aside from this , the game followed exactly the same format as any other NBA game would , with the points scored counting towards the Nets and the Raptors standings in the league this season . There was also the same high energy half-time and time-out entertainment taking place on the court , with the two teams ' mascots present to entertain the crowds . And just like any big sporting event held in the United States , the event was attended by a host of celebrities . Football stars Didier Drogba and David Luiz of Chelsea were spotted courtside , as were Jack Wilshere , Samir Nasri , Gael Clichy and Cesc Fabregas from English Premier League rivals Arsenal . Part of the reason for the games being played in London was to promote basketball in Britain ahead of the 2012 Olympics -- to ensure the sport attracts the same large crowds as it did at the previous Games in Beijing . However , as part of the NBA 's aim to expand across the globe , this might not be the last time we see games in the lucrative franchise decided on foreign soil . NBA commissioner David Stern has hinted that more games could be held in London and elsewhere in Europe and Asia -- where demonstrations have also been held previously . He even said that there could be European based teams playing in the NBA in the future . It certainly does not seem like the players would mind traveling to London again . Raptors and Italy star Andrea Bargnani said : "  The crowd was unbelievable . It 's great the Olympics are going to be here . " The Nets ' Brooke Lopez added : "  It was fantastic for the city of London to experience it and see two really fantastic NBA games . It gave them great exposure to the game of basketball and hopefully they want to see more . "	New Jersey Nets and Toronto Raptors played at London 's O2 Arena It was the first regular-season NBA game to be held in Europe and more could follow The Nets beat the Raptors in two close games played on Friday and Saturday The O2 Arena venue will host the basketball competition at the London 2012 Olympics
CNN  -- Marvin Isley , youngest member of the soulful Isley Brothers R&B group , has died from complications with diabetes , hospital officials said Monday . He was 56 . Isley passed away Sunday morning at the Seasons Hospice within Weiss Memorial Hospital in Chicago , Illinois , according to representatives at both facilities . The original group formed in 1954 with the three eldest brothers Isley -- O'Kelly Jr. , Rudolph and Ronald -- which recorded several singles , including "  Shout , " "  This Old Heart of Mine " and the Grammy-winning "  It 's Your Thing . " Marvin Isley joined in 1973 , when the group expanded to six performers . The full group enjoyed massive radio airplay with lists of hits , including "  That Lady , " "  The Heat is On , " "  Go For Your Guns " and "  Fight the Power . " The Isley Brothers were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1992 . Marvin retired from performing five years later , and eventually diabetes led him to have both legs amputated .	Youngest member of the soulful Isley Brothers R&B group has died Original group formed in 1954 with the three eldest brothers Isley Marvin 's diabetes led him to have both legs amputated
CNN  -- The American Hispanic population is dispersing across the country , but is still anchored mainly in three states , according to a new study released Thursday . More than half the U.S. Hispanic population resides in three states : California , Texas and Florida , according to the Pew Research Center 's Hispanic Trends Project . California is home to the largest Hispanic population -- one in four U.S. Hispanics are also Californians . Those three states , plus New York , Illinois , Arizona , New Jersey and Colorado , contain three-quarters of the nation 's Latino population , according to Pew 's analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data . While those eight states retain a high Hispanic population , new opportunities are beckoning people to the West and South , said Mark Hugo Lopez , director of Hispanic Research at Pew . The study points out that over the last decade , some of the fastest growing Latino populations are in the Southeastern United States . Georgia , for example , experienced an explosive growth , because a housing boom in Atlanta attracted people , Lopez said . "  People are willing to look across the country for new job opportunities and educational opportunities , " he explained . "  I think this has huge political implications -- it means that more Latinos will be voting , running for office , and being part of the political culture in many more states . " Other key findings from Pew : -- New Mexico has the the highest Hispanic population share , among the 50 states and District of Columbia , with 46.7 % of the state 's population counted as Hispanic . -- Maine , West Virginia and Vermont were among states with the lowest shares . -- Nationally , Mexicans are the largest national-origin Latino group in the United , accounting for 65 % of the Hispanic population . -- Stewart County in southwest Georgia experienced the most growth in the Hispanic population since 2000 , growing 1,754 % over 11 years .	Study : Some of fastest growing Hispanic populations are in Southeast states Pew : More than half of U.S.Hispanics reside in California , Texas and Florida California has nation 's largest Hispanic population , according to study
Moscow  CNN  -- Russia 's president is fighting back : No , he did not steal a Super Bowl ring . And no , he 's not rocking the diamond-encrusted prize on his finger , either . President Vladimir Putin 's spokesman denied that the leader kept a Super Bowl ring that New England Patriots ' owner Robert Kraft wanted back . Both sides agree that the ring , with its 124 diamonds , changed hands during Kraft 's visit to St. Petersburg , Russia , in 2005 . The New York Post reported on remarks made by Kraft , 72 , at a New York awards gala Thursday . "  I took out the ring and showed it to  Putin  . And he put it on and he goes , ' I can kill someone with this ring , ' " Kraft said , according to the New York Post . "  I put my hand out and he put it in his pocket , and three KGB guys got around him and walked out . " In the quotes used by the Post , Kraft did not specifically say that Putin stole the ring ; the paper characterized his remarks that way in the headline and story . Kraft did say , however , that he had wanted the ring back . "  I had an emotional tie to the ring . It has my name on it . " The Patriots ' owner said he then received a call from the White House at the time telling him it would be in the best interest of U.S.-Russian relations to claim it was a gift to Putin , the Post reported . Kraft said Thursday he played along . A few days after the 2005 incident , amid confusion as to whether the ring was a present or was kept by mistake , Kraft issued a statement saying it was a gift . That 's the way Putin sees it , the president 's spokesman said Sunday . "  What Mr. Kraft is saying now is weird , " Dmitry Peskov said . "  I was standing 20 centimeters away from him and Mr. Putin and saw and heard how Mr. Kraft gave this ring as a gift . " The 4.94-carat ring is in the Kremlin 's library , where all official state gifts are kept , he said . It is worth more than $ 25,000 , according to multiple reports from 2005 . A Kraft spokesman said Sunday the story is a humorous anecdote that Kraft "  retells for laughs . " "  He loves that the ring is at the Kremlin and , as he stated back in 2005 , he continues to have great respect for Russia and the leadership of President Putin , " said Stacey James , a spokesman for The Kraft Group . "  An added benefit from the attention this story gathered eight years ago was the creation of some Patriots fan clubs in Russia , " he said . There is some solace for Kraft , as he also received rings for the Patriots ' Super Bowl victories in the 2001 and 2003 seasons . Super Bowl rings can fetch much more when they are auctioned , depending on who wore them . The 1991 Super Bowl ring of Hall of Famer Lawrence Taylor sold last year at auction for more than $ 230,000 . There were rumors Charlie Sheen bought the ring , but the actor denied it . At least one ring has been used to raise money for charity . In 2008 , former Patriots defensive player Je'Rod Cherry raffled off one of his three rings to raise $ 150,000 for several children 's charities . Putin announces marriage split CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow , and Faith Karimi reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : The story is just a humorous anecdote , a Kraft spokesman says Russian President Vladimir Putin says he got the ring as a gift It belonged to New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft Putin was handed the ring during Kraft 's visit to St. Petersburg in 2005
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- In South by Southwest Interactive , the tech-geek festival that begins here Friday , some see a five-day spring break of sorts : a chance to discover some buzzy new apps , catch a few panels and party alongside Web celebrities , futurists and many , many bloggers . But others see the festival as a microcosm of the larger tech-culture community , a place to preview things that may become mainstream in a few years and where trends that play out in downtown Austin are indicators of what 's to come . Which is why we wonder each year : Has the festival peaked ? Will the irrationally app-exuberant bubble finally burst ? If SXSW Interactive does n't keep growing at up to 40 % every year , does that mean the tech industry is slowing down or that the festival itself has reached capacity ? Or is it only the hype that has plateaued ? This year , some SXSW veterans feel the maturing festival , which began in the late 1990s , may have reached a saturation point , especially when it comes to startups trying to draw attention to new products . SXSW Interactive famously helped Twitter get off the ground in 2007 and gave apps such as Foursquare and Highlight a boost in recent years . But as SXSW has gotten crowded , it 's become much harder to stand out . "  I feel like people are having to put more effort because there 's so much noise and so much going on , " said Jennifer Sinski , an entrepreneur who runs RSVPster , which will auto-RSVP attendees to unofficial parties and events for a fee . This year , Sinski said , "  There 's really no big app expected to launch , nothing huge people are excited for on the tech side . " That thought was echoed by a recent TechCrunch article wondering whether the era of big SXSW app launches may have passed . Just days before the festival starts , there have also been no big blow-out events announced to rival 2012 's American Express concert featuring Jay-Z , Bruce Springsteen 's powerhouse gig or the party for the app Mobli that drew investors Leonardo DiCaprio and Tobey Maguire to town . American Express will still be at the festival , but it will likely keep a lower profile given it announced 5,400 job cuts in January . Microsoft is no longer a sponsor at Interactive this year , and the annual TechKaraoke event will be missing . That being said , rumors that Justin Timberlake will perform continue to swirl and notables such as former Vice President Al Gore , entrepreneur Elon Musk , broadcaster Rachel Maddow and NBA star Shaquille O'Neal are part of the official programming . And this year 's themes of private space travel , 3-D printing , hacker culture and crowdfunding , still feel forward-looking . Hugh Forrest , the longtime director of SXSW Interactive , says a slowing of growth may actually benefit the festival , which in recent years has put a strain on Austin 's infrastructure . Forrest says that based on registration so far , the Interactive part of the festival is expected to grow at a more modest rate of 5 % to 8 % this year . "  It 's definitely not the sharper increases we 've had in the last few years , " Forrest said . "  In many ways , that 's a good thing . It gives us the bandwidth to work out some of the rough edges . " Some of the growing pains , especially in the festival 's Startup Village and Accelerator  a kind of "  American Idol " competition for startups  , prompted the festival to expand its reach beyond Austin . In August , it will launch V2V in Las Vegas , a new SXSW Interactive conference focused on tech entrepreneurship . It 's one way SXSW is hoping to alleviate the hotel crunch and downtown congestion that happens here every March . Stephanie Wonderlin , a senior manager and social strategist with Momentum Factor , will be attending Interactive for her third year . Last year , she hosted videos for Chevy , which was pushing its Volt vehicles to techies at the fest . Wonderlin believes things have been quieter going into Interactive this year , at least from her perspective . "  I keep asking myself , ` What do I feel is missing ? ' I do n't know if it 's me being snooty . " For 2013 , she says her schedule has shifted from big parties to smaller gatherings and networking , a trend she 's seeing among friends , some of whom are n't bothering to pay for a badge . "  I think the size and how big it 's gotten were just so overblown that maybe people who have to be there now want to do things on their own . One person told me , ' I would rather grab a bottle of wine and head up to a rooftop with a small group of friends ' than go to the big parties , " Wonderlin said . "  A lot of people I know who are big company sponsors say they 're not even going to any of the sessions . I think the purpose of SXSW has changed . " Sinski , who 's been going to SXSW Music for eight years and became more interested in Interactive as she launched her company , says that people who use her service are less interested in hype and big stars than they are in free food , real networking and companies that have something unique to show . "  Spending a lot of money is n't as big a deal as it was two or three years ago , " she said . "  Now it 's about what you can offer people . "	Observers say hype around South by Southwest Interactive is more muted this year Some SXSW veterans feel the festival may have reached a saturation point SXSW is seen as a place to preview trends that may become mainstream in a few years Just days before the festival , no big blow-out events have been announced
CNN  -- Israel pledged to limit the use of munitions containing white phosphorus and make greater efforts to protect civilians during conflicts , in a report this week to the United Nations . The Israeli military was roundly criticized for firing white phosphorus shells over densely populated areas during the Gaza offensive that began in late 2008 . White phosphorus ignites and burns , creating white smoke when it is exposed to oxygen . Militaries use it as a smoke screen to protect troops during combat . If it comes in contact with skin , white phosphorus creates an intense and persistent burn . In making the changes , Israel said it had done nothing wrong . "  The use of smoke-screening munitions containing phosphorus during the Gaza operation ... was consistent with Israel 's obligations under the Law of Armed Conflict , " Israel said in the report . Yet , as a result of "  the lessons learned " in the aftermath of the Gaza offensive , the report said the Israeli military "  is in the process of establishing permanent restrictions on the use of munitions containing white phosphorus in urban areas . " In a report entitled "  Rain of Fire : Israel 's Unlawful Use of White Phosphorus in Gaza " released last year , Human Rights Watch said Israel 's firing of white phosphorus shells over densely populated areas during the Gaza offensive "  was indiscriminate and is evidence of war crimes . " "  In Gaza , the Israeli military did n't just use white phosphorus in open areas as a screen for its troops , " said Fred Abrahams , a senior emergencies researcher for Human Rights Watch . "  It fired white phosphorus repeatedly over densely populated areas , even when its troops were n't in the area and safer smoke shells were available . As a result , civilians needlessly suffered and died . " The offensive , called Operation Cast Lead , was launched December 27 , 2008 and ended January 17 , 2009 with a ceasefire . Of the 1,453 people estimated killed in the conflict , 1,440 were Palestinian , including 431 children and 114 women , a U.N. report said . The 13 Israelis killed included three civilians and six soldiers killed by Hamas , and four soldiers killed by friendly fire , it said .	White phosphorus is used to create smoke screen for troops The element burns when exposed to oxygen and creates an intense burn when it touches the skin In promising to limit use of white phosphorus , Israel admitted no wrongdoing
San Pedro , Belize  CNN  -- A dead neighbor . Headless dogs . And a millionaire on the run . All set against a backdrop of spectacular tropic beauty . It would be difficult to imagine a more intriguing story than the one unfolding in Belize right now . Police there are seeking to question Internet pioneer John McAfee in the killing of his neighbor , American businessman Gregory Faull . Faull , 52 , was found dead with a gunshot wound to the back of the head this month in his home near San Pedro , on the Caribbean island of Ambergris Caye . McAfee , who is not a suspect , has not been seen since . Three people have been detained for questioning in the killing , police have said , and investigators are pursuing multiple leads . CNN was recently granted rare access to McAfee 's beachfront property by a former girlfriend , who asked that her real name not be reported . A bizarre visit to John McAfee 's pleasure palace in Belize Identifying herself as "  Francesca , " she said she 'd spoken with McAfee since he disappeared , and that he is "  frightened for his life . " "  He 's in constant fear , paranoid , " she said . "  I would say it 's because of what he has been through . ... He thinks people are always after him , which they really are right now . " The former girlfriend said she does n't know where McAfee is , except that he is not at home . They communicate by phone , "  not often , once a day , or hardly ever , " she said . On Saturday , McAfee apparently began a personal blog , writing posts about being on the run , the media 's portrayal of him and what he calls "  harassment " by the Belize government . "  I am asking all people of conscience to read this blog ... and see the ugly truth unfolding here , " reads one post that names six people he says have been detained by police in the case , including friends and household staff . CNN can not confirm the blog 's authenticity . Francesca pointed out buildings as she walked around McAfee 's compound , a luxurious sprawl of screened rooms , pathways and an open air pool . Police have searched the home and , according to witnesses , dug up the remains of McAfee 's dogs . Faull was killed after four of 11 dogs belonging to McAfee were fatally poisoned , said Wired Magazine Contributing Editor Joshua Davis , who said he had spent more than 100 hours with McAfee in recent months . Faull had frequently complained about the dogs barking , Davis said . Raphael Martinez , a police spokesman , said a person working for McAfee called police about a poisoned dog ; when police arrived at McAfee 's residence , they found the dogs had been buried . McAfee is thought to have shot them to put them out of their misery . Police took just the dogs ' heads , instead of their bodies , witnesses said . Authorities are now awaiting the results of ballistics tests to see whether there is any connection between the bullets in the dogs and the one that killed Faull . McAfee , 67 , told Davis last week that he did not kill his neighbor , the reporter said . McAfee founded the Internet security company that bears his name , but left it in 1994 . He graduated in 1967 with a degree in mathematics from Roanoke College , according to the Virginia school . He went on to found several tech companies and to launch groundbreaking products , including the voice-recognition system Interpath Inc. in 1981 , McAfee in 1988 , and the instant messaging pioneer Tribal Voice in 1996 . When asked why McAfee does n't present himself to police for questioning , his former girlfriend said it is because authorities want to kill him . "  It will never be ended until John is dead . That 's what I believe , until they kill him , " she said . "  My goodness , " Martinez said when asked previously about McAfee 's reported fear . "  He needs to come in so that we can clear the air . We are law-abiding people here . We follow the laws to the letter . We believe at this point that he has absolutely no fear of being killed by anybody . "	NEW : McAfee apparently begins blog , with posts on life on the run Gregory Faull , an American businessman , was found shot to death on a Belize island Police want to question his neighbor , Internet pioneer John McAfee , in the killing His former girlfriend says he is in "  constant fear , paranoid "
"  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 "  B + Cinema Score  came out of the gates swinging and earned an estimated $ 92 million over the weekend . Playing in 4,324 locations , this is a solid domestic debut for the Sony sequel starring Andrew Garfield as the nimble superhero , which boasted a $ 21,000 per-theater average . IMAX showings accounted for $ 9.3 million of the opening cume from 353 screens . Overall , reviews have been mixed for the Marc Webb reboot  54 percent on Rotten Tomatoes  , especially when compared with Sam Raimi 's second entry in the Spideyverse  94 percent  . But , fans do n't seem to mind . Opening weekend audiences gave the film a B + Cinema Score overall and an A - from the under-25 crowd . Families indeed turned out to see how Peter Parker would fare against all those villains , making up 33 percent of the audience . According to Friday exit sampling of general moviegoers , 61 percent of the audience was male and about 51 percent was under 25 . ` Amazing Spider-Man 2 ' ending : Dissecting those final moments Many weekend projections  including our own  surmised that the pic would beat , or match , "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier , " 2014  s highest opener to date  $ 95 million in early April  . But according to initial estimates , that does n't seem to be the case . Still , Sony is feeling good . Internationally , "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 " grossed an estimated $ 116 million in its third weekend , bringing the overseas total to a mighty $ 277 million . "  It 's a terrific start here in the U.S. and the world result is no less than stunning , " says Sony 's worldwide distribution exec Rory Bruer . "  We had a record-breaking opening in India  $ 6.5 million , the best-ever for a Hollywood title  and Brazil  $ 10.5 million , or 76 percent higher than the first  . We had fantastic results in France  $ 10.6 million  and we had a huge day in China  $ 10.4 million on Sunday  . It 's popping and working everywhere in the world . We 're absolutely on track to not only meet our goals but to exceed them . " In second place , Fox 's revenge rom-com "  The Other Woman " took in $ 14.2 million in week two . Starring Cameron Diaz , Leslie Mann and Kate Upton as three women who have been cheated on by the same man  "  Game of Thrones ' " Nikolaj Coster-Waldau  , the Nick Cassavetes-directed pic fills a much-needed programming gap  it 's a comedy and female-led  and it 's showing at the box office . Marketing has n't pushed the potential appeal to male audiences , so do n't expect to see "  Bridesmaids " numbers here . But , Cameron Diaz could have an incredibly strong 2014 on her hands with "  Sex Tape "  July 25  and the Will Gluck-directed "  Annie " remake  December 19  . ` Godzilla ' clip : Prepare the  other  monster for battle "  Heaven Is for Real " snagged the third-place spot in its third weekend with an estimated $ 8.7 million . That 's only a 39 percent drop . The $ 12 million Christian pic starring Greg Kinnear as a pastor whose son claims to have visited heaven after surviving a near-death experience has earned about $ 65.6 million so far , beating this year 's "  Son of God " and surpassing the surprise hit "  God 's Not Dead , " which is still playing in theaters . In fourth place , Disney and Marvel 's "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " fell 52 percent with an estimated $ 7.8 million after five weekends in theaters , bringing its domestic cume to $ 237.1 million and its international take to a whopping $ 679.8 million , 83 percent above the first film . "  Captain " is running circles around 2013  s "  Thor : The Dark World , " which earned a total of $ 206 million domestically  $ 449 million global  thanks in no small part to the $ 115 million from China . Finally , in fifth place , "  Rio 2 " passed the $ 100 million mark this weekend with an estimated $ 7.6 million in its fourth weekend in theaters . The $ 103 million Fox-distributed pic , featuring the voices of Anne Hathaway and Jesse Eisenberg , is still trailing a bit behind the original "  Rio , " which had earned $ 115 million by this time in 2011 . Here 's the top five : 1 . "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 " -- $ 92 million  domestic total : $ 92 million 2 . "  The Other Woman " -- $ 14.2 million  domestic total : $ 47.35 million 3 . "  Heaven Is for Real " -- $ 8.7 million  domestic total : $ 65.6 million 4 . "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " -- $ 7.8 million  domestic total : $ 237.1 million 5 . "  Rio 2 " -- $ 7.6 million  domestic total : $ 106.5 million In the specialty box office world , Amma Asante 's "  Belle " opened in four theaters to $ 104K . Starring Gugu Mbatha-Raw as the illegitimate mixed-race daughter of a British naval officer , "  Belle " tells the story of her aristocratic upbringing and political awakening in 18th century England . The Fox Searchlight pic had the best per-theater average  $ 26,000  of any of the films released this weekend . Meanwhile , Focus Feature 's "  Walk of Shame " flopped with the day-and-date release , taking in only $ 38,000 . Playing in 50 locations , the Elizabeth Banks comedy about a woman who loses everything after a one-night stand and must trek across L.A. the next morning to make an interview for her dream job had a terrible $ 745 per-theater average . Review : ` Walk of Shame ' The combination of VOD availability and dismal reviews worked against this one . In his "  D " review , Joe McGovern called it "  a lumpy and laughless farce from writer-director Steven Brill  "  Little Nicky "  , a man who never told a joke he could n't ruin . " Check back in next weekend for more box office . Universal 's "  Neighbors , " starring Seth Rogen and Zac Efron , opens against "  Legends of Oz : Dorothy 's Return " and Sony 's "  Mom 's Night Out . " See the original story at EW.com .	"  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 " stuck a strong debut weekend The movie earned an estimated $ 92 million domestically It was a little less than projections surmised Nonetheless , studio Sony is happy
Apex , Nevada  CNN  -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Monday that he is "  very proud " of having told Barack Obama early on that he believed he was a viable candidate for president and could win election . Responding to the controversy surrounding a newly published remark he made privately about Obama 's race in 2008 , Reid sought to emphasize his longstanding support for the nation 's first African-American president . "  I can still remember the meeting that took place in my office with Sen. Barack Obama , telling him that I think he can be elected president , " Reid said . Obama "  was kind of surprised that the Democratic leader was calling this new senator over to suggest that he could be elected president , " he added . A new book quotes Reid , D-Nevada , as saying privately in 2008 that Obama could be successful as a black candidate in part because of his "  light-skinned " appearance and speaking patterns "  with no Negro dialect , unless he wanted to have one . " Reid said Monday that numerous prominent African-American officials , including NAACP Chairman Julian Bond and Attorney General Eric Holder , have called him to offer support amid the controversy that began over the weekend . "  I 've apologized to everyone with the sound of my voice that I could have used a better choice of words , " he said after an event announcing a new energy project in his home state . "  And I 'll continue doing my work for the African-American community . " Reid said that "  as a very young man , " he became a leader of civil rights efforts , including the integration of the gaming community . He added that Interior Secretary Ken Salazar called him to say he should "  tell everybody that you have done more for diversity in the United States Senate than all the rest of the people put together . " Asked whether he should apologize to voters , Reid -- who had issued a statement over the weekend apologizing "  for offending any and all Americans " -- did not answer directly and instead cited the support he has received from around the country and within his own state . "  I 'm not going to dwell on this any more , " Reid said . "  It 's in the book . I 've made all the statements I 'm going to make . " iReport : What do you think about the words Reid used ? The book he referred to , "  Game Change , " went on sale Monday . The authors write that "  Reid was convinced , in fact , that Obama 's race would help him more than hurt him in a bid for the Democratic nomination . " Reid apologized in a statement sent to CNN over the weekend . "  I deeply regret using such a poor choice of words , " he said . He added , "  I sincerely apologize for offending any and all Americans , especially African-Americans , for my improper comments . I was a proud and enthusiastic supporter of Barack Obama during the campaign and have worked as hard as I can to advance President Obama 's legislative agenda . " Reid called the president Saturday and apologized . In a statement issued after the call , Obama expressed support for Reid , saying , "  As far as I am concerned , the book is closed . " Speaking to CNN contributor Roland Martin , Obama described Reid as "  a friend of mine . He has been a stalwart champion of voting rights , civil rights . " "  This is a good man who has always been on the right side of history . For him to have used some inartful language in trying to praise me and for people to try and make hay out of that makes absolutely no sense , " he said in the interview , which will air this month . "  I guarantee you the average person , white or black , right now is less concerned about what Harry Reid said in a quote in a book a couple of years ago than they are about how we are going to move the country forward , and that 's where we need to direct our attention . " A senior administration official said Monday that Obama will go to Nevada in February to campaign on behalf of Reid . iReporter : "  I do n't think he should be kicked out of the Senate " Reid also called a host of African-American political figures , including House Democrats Barbara Lee of California and Jim Clyburn of South Carolina ; the Rev. Al Sharpton ; CNN political contributor and Democratic strategist Donna Brazile ; and the head of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights , Wade Henderson . Republicans pounced on the controversy . Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , head of the GOP 's Senate campaign arm , called for Reid to give up his leadership posts after the "  embarrassing and racially insensitive " remarks . Republican Party Chairman Michael Steele , speaking Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " also called for Reid to step down . "  Racism and racist conversations have no place today in America , " the first African-American GOP chairman said . Steele also was on the defensive for a remark he made last week . Speaking to Fox News , Steele said the GOP platform "  is one of the best political documents that 's been written in the last 25 years , honest Injun on that . " "  Fox News Sunday " host Chris Wallace said lawmakers from both parties have called that a racial slur . "  Well , if it is , I apologize for it . It 's not an intent to be a racial slur . I was n't intending to say a racial slur at all , " Steele said . iReporter : Mixing race and politics equals trouble Numerous Democrats came to Reid 's defense . The Congressional Black Caucus said Sunday that it had accepted his apology and dismissed calls for the Nevada Democrat to step down . "  Sen. Reid 's record provides a stark contrast to actions of Republicans to block legislation that would benefit poor and minority communities , " Lee , chairwoman of the caucus , said in a written statement . Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton , D-District of Columbia , a former chairwoman of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , issued a statement saying , "  Like President Barack Obama , African-Americans are likely to accept Majority Leader Reid 's apology for an obvious reason . He has earned it . " She added , "  Harry Reid 's opponents will not find a welcome mat in the black community if they seek to capitalize on the Reid remark . While Sen. Reid has been producing for African-Americans , many of his critics were opposing him on these same issues . " Democrats rejected a parallel drawn by some Republicans between Reid 's remark and one by former Sen. Trent Lott , R-Mississippi , in 2002 . Lott lost his post as Senate majority leader after saying the nation would have been better off if Strom Thurmond had been elected president . Thurmond had run as a segregationist candidate in 1948 . "  There is a big double standard here , " Steele said on NBC . "  When Democrats get caught saying racist things , you know , an apology is enough . " Gov. Tim Kaine of Virginia , chairman of the Democratic Party , shot back , telling NBC that "  there is no comparison " between the two sets of remarks . Reid is embroiled in a tough re-election campaign to stay in the Senate . Only one-third of Nevada voters have a favorable opinion of him , while 52 percent have an unfavorable opinion of the four-term senator , according to a survey by Mason-Dixon Polling and Research for the Las Vegas Review-Journal released over the weekend . The poll was conducted Tuesday through Thursday , before news of Reid 's comments broke . CNN 's Dana Bash , Mark Preston , Rebecca Sinderbrand and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama : Reid is friend who "  has always been on right side of history " Sen. Harry Reid apologizes to Obama for remarks made during 2008 campaign Key Republicans have called Reid 's comments racist and say he should step down Reid emphasizes longstanding support for President Obama
Washington  CNN  The U.S. ambassador who resigned his post in 2012 amidst official criticism that he used a private email account for official business told CNN Friday that he was "  very surprised " to learn that his boss at the time , then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , had been doing essentially the same thing at the same time . "  I was very surprised to learn of the double standard , " former Ambassador to Kenya and Air Force General Scott Gration told CNN . Gration noted that Cheryl Mills , the then-State Department Chief of Staff "  obviously knew Secretary Clinton was using commercial email , yet she stated my use of Gmail was one of the reasons I had to move on . " The retired Air Force Major General , who flew 274 combat missions over Iraq as a fighter pilot and served as President Obama 's Special Envoy to Sudan , recalled he had been "  prohibited from sending a Gmail message to a State Department computer except in an emergency . " Considering that "  Department of Defense dot mil accounts , USAID accounts , and every Kenyan account used the same routers and security firewalls as a Gmail account , " he took issue with State Department protocols . "  It did n't make sense to me that the State Department would ban my ` Gmail.com ' while letting all other commercial and foreign accounts through its computer firewall , " he told CNN . A spokesman for Hillary Clinton declined comment . Spokespeople at the State Department repeatedly declined to address whether any sort of double standard had been applied and instead continually noted that in the State Department Inspector General report about the U.S. embassy being run by Gration there were "  several concerns with management and leadership " discussed , not just about his use of private email . The Inspector General report charged that Gration "  lost the respect and confidence of the staff to lead the mission " and "  damaged the cohesion of Embassy Nairobi 's country team . " Gration said he makes "  no apology for ` rocking the boat ' in the State Department to improve physical security , to enhance cyber policy , and to conduct several other initiatives that the State Department Inspector General misrepresented to build the case that Secretary Clinton 's Chief of Staff used to terminate my tenure as the U.S. ambassador in 2012 . " The State Department 's continued referencing of the other allegations against Gration came amidst fruitless attempts by CNN to ask the department spokespeople to explain why it was acceptable for Secretary Clinton to use private email to conduct official business given that the 2012 Inspector General 's report against Gration repeatedly hammered him for the use of "  commercial email for official government business " which was considered to be "  flouting of direct instructions to adhere to Department policy . " As CNN reported Thursday , the report stated clearly that It "  is the Department 's general policy that normal day-to-day operations be conducted on an authorized information system , which has the proper level of security controls , " the report stated . "  The use of unauthorized information systems increases the risk for data loss , phishing , and spoofing of email accounts , as well as inadequate protections for personally identifiable information . The use of unauthorized information systems can also result in the loss of official public records as these systems do not have approved record preservation or backup functions . Conducting official business on non - Department automated information systems must be limited to only maintaining communications during emergencies . " Asked if he was subsequently surprised to see this controversy erupt about his then-boss doing essentially the same thing , Gration told CNN "  I 'm not surprised when any political issue becomes a controversy . I learned long ago to do your best , do what was right , and to have a thick skin . I still wake up each day without regrets because I still have my integrity . That said , illegal , immoral , or unethical activities should be investigated properly , not just for political gain , but because we demand this of our public leaders . That 's the only way we can preserve trust in our system of governance . Punish crimes and forgive mistakes . " Gration said that his "  experience was somewhat different than Secretary Clinton 's use of her commercial account , yet I was ` fired ' for the use of Gmail in the U.S. Embassy , my insistence on improving our physical security posture , and other twisted and false allegations . I 've chosen to move on and to be better , not bitter . " He said that "  the State Department Inspector General investigators and Diplomatic Security cyber investigators conducted a full and formal investigation into my use of Gmail and the State Department computers " and "  they dismissed the allegations against me . " The former ambassador and his wife currently live in Kenya , where he is executive chairman of a company that works to bring international investment and innovation to Kenya and East Africa . He is no longer involved in US politics and diplomacy .	Fmr . ambassador forced to resign in 2012 amidst criticism over personal email use at the State Department . Claims accusations against him unwarranted . He took issue with State Dept. security protocol because they used the same firewall as Gmail . Although his experience was somewhat different than Hillary Clinton 's , he was "  was very surprised to learn of the double standard . "
CNN  -- Declaring 2010 "  the best year in safety performance in our company 's history , " Transocean Ltd. , owner of the Gulf of Mexico oil rig that exploded , killing 11 workers , has awarded its top executives hefty bonuses and raises , according to a recent filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission . That includes a $ 200,000 salary increase for Transocean president and chief executive officer Steven L. Newman , whose base salary will increase from $ 900,000 to $ 1.1 million , according to the SEC report . Newman 's bonus was $ 374,062 , the report states . Newman also has a $ 5.4 million long-term compensation package the company awarded him upon his appointment as CEO in March 2010 , according to the SEC filing . The latest cash awards are based in part on the company 's "  performance under safety , " the Transocean filing states . "  Notwithstanding the tragic loss of life in the Gulf of Mexico , we achieved an exemplary statistical safety record as measured by our total recordable incident rate and total potential severity rate , " the SEC statement reads . "  As measured by these standards , we recorded the best year in safety performance in our Company 's history . " The company called that record "  a reflection on our commitment to achieving an incident-free environment , all the time , everywhere , " the SEC filing states . The company did not respond to an e-mail from CNN seeking comment . The April 20 , 2010 , explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig injured 17 workers and killed 11 others , including nine Transocean employees , according to the SEC filing . It has been called the worst spill in U.S. history . The well was capped three months later , but not before millions of barrels of oil spilled into the Gulf . In January , President Barack Obama 's National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling released a report that spread blame for the accident among Transocean , BP -- which leased the rig -- and Halliburton , which installed the rig 's cement casing . The commission said problems with deepwater drilling are "  systemic " and that only "  significant reform " will prevent another disaster . Another report released March 23 determined that the oil spill was caused by a piece of drill pipe trapped in the rig platform 's blowout preventer , a device intended to stop oil from flowing into the Gulf . The report was commissioned by various U.S. agencies , including the Interior Department and the Department of Homeland Security . The Interior Department has said a much broader report that relies on additional sources of data -- including eyewitness accounts and photographs -- will be released this summer . The oil spill has prompted a flood of lawsuits against BP , Transocean and Halliburton from a variety of plaintiffs , including owners of Gulf shore businesses who claim they suffered heavy financial losses because of the spill . The plaintiffs also include Transocean shareholders who contend the company falsely claimed it had remedied past safety problems with its blowout preventers , prior to the Gulf spill .	Transocean executives get pay raises , bonuses , SEC filing says Cash awards based in part on company safety record Despite Gulf oil spill , company claims 2010 "  best year in safety "
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- Lebanon says it has approved the first ambassador to Beirut from Syria , the country which occupied Lebanon for decades . The families of Lebanese prisoners held in Syria protest outside the United Nations offices in Beirut last year . Lebanese President Michel Sleiman Tuesday formally accepted Ali Abed al-Karim Ali as the new Syrian ambassador to Lebanon , his office said . He did not present his credentials in person , and it is not clear when he will take office , Sleiman 's office said . Syria and Lebanon established diplomatic ties in October 2008 . Lebanon opened its first embassy in Damascus on March 16 , when Charge d'Affaires Rami Mortada raised the Lebanese flag over the building in the Damascus neighborhood of Abu Remmaneh , which is also home to the U.S. Embassy , Lebanon 's official news agency said . Michel El Khoury was named as Lebanon 's ambassador to Syria earlier this year but has not filled his post yet , the president 's office said . Syria maintained tens of thousands of troops in Lebanon from the 1970s until they were forced out by massive popular protests in 2005 . The protests were a response to the killing of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in a huge car bombing in February of that year . Many Lebanese , as well as the United States , accused Syria of orchestrating the assassination of Hariri , an outspoken opponent of Syria . Damascus denies responsibility . The United Nations opened a tribunal in December 2005 to look into the killing . The United States is also exploring improved relations with Syria . Washington sent a high-level envoy to Damascus at the beginning of March , four years after it withdrew its ambassador over the killing of Hariri . The envoy , Assistant Secretary of State Jeffrey Feltman , said the United States and Syria found a lot of "  common ground " on which to cooperate in the Middle East , but warned to "  keep expectations in check " as Washington and Damascus re-engage after several years of strained relations . CNN 's Nada Husseini contributed to this report .	Lebanon approves first ambassador to Beirut from former occupier Syria Syria maintained tens of thousands of troops in Lebanon from 1970s until 2005 Syria and Lebanon established diplomatic ties in October 2008
CNN  -- It was to be a somber memorial , a remembrance of those who perished in a lethal milky fog . To mark the 25th anniversary of the world 's worst industrial disaster , authorities planned to open up the now-dilapidated shell of the Union Carbide fertilizer plant , where in the wee hours of December 3 , 1984 , 40 tons of methyl isocyanate gas oozed out onto the sleeping city of Bhopal , India . About 4,000 people died instantly in the toxic leak , an event that came to be marked each year with disputes over victims ' rights and government accountability . On this year 's milestone anniversary , a new controversy has stirred . The state government of Madhya Pradesh planned to temporarily open the long-silent plant -- surrounded by concrete barriers and barbed wire -- to the public . It was to be part of a series of events observing the tragedy . Because everyone wanted to see , to know . For the same reason that a person visits a Nazi concentration camp or ground zero in New York . "  Everyone wants to see the world 's worst industrial disaster , " said S.R. Mohanty , the secretary for the Relief and Rehabilitation Department for the Bhopal gas tragedy . It was going to be the government 's way of reassuring its people that the plant no longer posed a threat to society . But the move sparked protests from victim rights groups and environmental activists . Just days before the anniversary , government officials backed away from the plan they had recently announced . The official reason , however , had little to do with the gas leak . Mohanty cited an election rule currently in force that prohibits acts that could be construed as attempting to influence voters ahead of the polls . Bhopal 's municipal elections are scheduled for December . The plant could still be opened at a later date . Though officials representing the government of the state of Madhya Pradesh maintained the Union Carbide plant is perfectly safe , their plans drew criticism . Activists who advocate for Bhopal 's victims viewed the plant tours as a publicity stunt for the government . It was another way to shirk responsibility , said Rachna Dhingra , an activist with the Bhopal Group for Information & Action , a coalition of agencies that advocates for victims . "  They knew about the elections a month ago , " Dhingra said , noting that on the 25th anniversary the government wanted to divert attention from the real issues . Thousands of people still suffer from exposure to the deadly gas and from land and water that became contaminated . Activists contend that neither Union Carbide nor the Indian government has done enough to help survivors . In the years since the poison cloud enclosed Bhopal , thousands more have died of contamination-related illnesses . The International Campaign for Justice in Bhopal alleges that survivors have received an average of only $ 500 each in compensation . Those who are drinking contaminated water or children who were born with birth defects have not received any money , the coalition said . Union Carbide , which was bought by The Dow Chemical Co. in 1999 , has said it has no liability left in the disaster after it paid the Indian government a $ 470 million out-of-court settlement in 1989 . The company has said it believes the leak was an act of sabotage . Dhingra said plans to open the plant to the public was disrespectful to Bhopal 's gas victims . The government , she said , was eager to showcase the city as a shining example of recovery .	State had planned to temporarily open the plant to the public Officials : Plan scrapped due to rule about influencing elections Victims ' advocates say plan was publicity stunt 4,000 people die in the Bhopal disaster in December 1984
CNN  -- Some friends and colleagues have been up in arms about an article in Wednesday 's New York Times that discussed how exercise may be as effective as medication in treating heart disease and other medical conditions . Those who fall on the side of more traditional medicine think this is crazy and believe that the studies supporting lifestyle changes ignore the hard and fast outcomes promised by drugs . Those who fall on the side of more alternative medicine , or have a more holistic , bent have no trouble with these findings and believe lifestyle has always been far superior to pharmaceutical treatment . The truth is that both sides are correct -- to a point . That , of course , makes both sides a bit wrong , too . The research was published in October in the British Medical Journal . It was a meta-analysis , or study of studies , of previous meta-analyses of research that investigated whether exercise or drugs reduced the chance of death from coronary heart disease , stroke , heart failure and diabetes . Four of the previous meta-analyses covered exercise interventions and 12 covered drugs . No difference in efficacy between the exercise and drug interventions was found in respect to coronary heart disease and diabetes . In other words , they performed the same in terms of reducing your chance of death . With respect to stroke , exercise performed better than some drugs . With respect to heart failure , some drugs performed better than exercise . What can we take home from this type of study ? Well , the first thing to note is that lifestyle changes can make a big difference in a person 's health . Exercise interventions , which are often far less intensive than you might think , can significantly reduce your chance of dying from these conditions . Exercise can also help you to shed pounds if you 're overweight or obese . It can even make you look a little better . Many people report secondary gains of improved mood and quality of life when they 're more active . The secondary gains from a more active lifestyle are not to be minimized . Exercise is usually cheap , if not free , and has relatively few side effects . Getting someone to exercise , however , is not easy . A lifestyle change is , by definition , a change in how you live your life . That can be difficult , and many patients will choose to take drugs instead . Taking a medication can be far simpler , and a doctor can prescribe it immediately . Many of my physician friends believe it 's more likely that a patient will comply with taking prescription pills than with advice to exercise . But that 's part of the problem with our medical system . Every time a doctor writes a prescription , he or she probably earns some money . The pharmacy that dispenses the meds makes some money . And , of course , the pharmaceutical company that makes the medications makes money , too . The health care system understands and even encourages this practice . Insurance pays for it without issue . But the same health care system is not at all equipped to deal with lifestyle change . No one makes any money if you 're more active . No one would ever think to write a prescription for a gym membership , which could easily cost less than some medications , with the same potential outcomes . It 's thought that the recently released guidelines for assessing and preventing cardiovascular disease could lead to more than a billion people taking statins worldwide . That is , as you can imagine , a huge amount of money going to those types of drugs . It 's highly unlikely that a similar number of people will be encouraged to exercise . One is considered "  doing something " by the health care system ; the other is not . One is paid for by the health care system ; the other is not . But as evidence amasses that lifestyle interventions are as beneficial as medical ones , it may be time to rethink how that system works . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll .	Study found exercise may be as effective as pills in fighting some medical conditions Aaron Carroll : When doctors write prescriptions , they and the drug company make money Carroll : Exercise costs almost nothing , if at all , but people are n't prone to do it Carroll : Numbers of people who take statins for heart disease will overpower those exercising
Jiuquan , China  CNN  -- The first thing I noticed were the bicycles . Those who were n't riding them were walking . I was beginning to wonder if we 'd taken a wrong turn . We were looking for China 's super-secret space center . Our four-hour drive from Jiuquan in China 's west had taken us past picture postcard fields and fish ponds framed by looming snow-capped peaks , through an oasis of green and finally across the arid Gobi desert . READ MORE : Spaceship blasts off from Gobi Desert We had pushed through numerous military checkpoints and past cameras that flashed and took our picture as we sped past the seemingly endless shimmering sand hills . There should be no doubt we 'd arrived at the right place , it just did n't feel like it . Atmosphere ` electric ' If this really was the epicenter of China 's space race , then why did it feel so relaxed ? A few hours later I 'd be in a room crammed with TV cameras and reporters where the atmosphere was electric in a weird sci-fi way . But at that moment on those narrow scrubbed and manicured streets it felt almost like a vacation town . Tiny restaurants pulsed bright inviting neon lights at us as we drove by . Even the small stores had a come hither and loiter awhile holiday village quality to them . Our hotel when we arrived was so new gardeners were still planting the flower beds , and builders ' white sheets covered the new red carpet . Sadly , in this town that claims to offer the ultimate in uplift , space rockets , the elevator was not working . The porters however were only too happy to help . Easy charm Indeed , that seems to sum up Jiuquan space center as the town is known ; its easy charm and friendliness . It 's not until you rub shoulders with the town 's power brokers that you see sense the purpose of this place . In one of the low rise buildings , barely visible from the road behind rows of trees I met one such person . Rather I saw her , than actually met her . In a conference room crowded with journalists she strode in on a mission . No sense of holiday about her , she oozes work . As deputy director of the space mission that means she has the hopes of the nation riding on her shoulders . Little wonder everyone in the room paid attention to her words . Every question that came about the imminent launch of China 's next manned mission to space she answered in precise , accurate and minute detail . Well , almost every question . For no matter how much I waved my hand and waited my turn , it never came . Space race I suppose , after all , this is a Chinese event and why would they want to answer a question from the only Western reporter they 'd invited to the launch ? But space race , yes , I caught a whiff of it right there . Before the Long March 2F rocket topped by the Shenzhou 10 space capsule does take off on Tuesday , I am told I will get to the launch pad . No doubt I 'll catch the urgency right there . China has taken great strides since its first manned space mission 10 years ago but it still lags the U.S. and Europe , who share the permanently manned international space station . Everyone will be wishing the Chinese mission luck as they thrust into the skies on the quest to help future generations . The blue spacesuited heroes I saw will spend 15 days orbiting the earth after docking with their own unmanned space station . While by comparison , Russia 's Soyuz craft docks with the International Space Station just six hours after liftoff , the Chinese will take two days from takeoff to docking . But six hours or two days ; it does n't really matter . China is in space and the people of this town fully understand what that achievement means .	CNN 's Nic Robertson is the only Western correspondent invited to China 's scheduled rocket launch In China 's super-secret space city he finds a relaxed vacation vibe Locals ride cycles and charm you with friendliness But behind the relaxed facade is a fierce ambition taking China into space
CNN  -- Whether you 're into exclusive bars , dingy dives or the dubious pleasures of a sweaty moshpit , Seattle has plenty to keep you entertained . For something completely different , Teatro ZinZanni dishes up food , comedy and cabaret . If it 's a classy cocktail you 're after then Zig Zag Caf  1501 Western Avenue  is the place for you . The cocktail list is innovative and the drinks are lovingly crafted by master mixologist Murray -- something of a legend among Seattle 's cocktail cognoscenti . Try "  Satan 's Soulpatch , " made with bourbon , vermouth , Grand Marnier , orange and orange bitters -- devilishly good . See Sound Lounge  115 Blanchard Street  is a stylish bar with futuristic dcor and a knack of attracting top house DJs , while Cha Cha Lounge  1013 Pike Street  is a quasi dive bar decorated with images of Mexican wrestlers . Brash and bohemian , it 's crammed full of hipsters hell-bent on having a good time . The drinks are reasonably priced , the Margaritas potent and happy hour lasts for the whole of Sunday and Monday . So it 's best not to make any plans for Tuesday ... Seattle is a great city for beer lovers , with a profusion of microbreweries in the region . You can sample local draughts at the city 's many brewpubs -- specialty establishments that usually offer a good selection of craft-brewed beers , along with their own microbrews . The Elysian Brewing Company  1221 East Pike Street  and Elliot Bay Brewery and Pub  4720 California Avenue SW  are both worth checking out . Get there early to work your way through their impressive range of ales . Seattle is famous for being the birthplace of Grunge and while that particular genre may have had its day , the city still boasts a lively music scene . The Crocodile Caf was a mainstay of the Seattle circuit until it closed in 2007 , but the word is that it will re-open next year . Until then , there 's always Re-Bar  1114 Howell Street  , which also puts on some fantastic club nights , and Chop Suey  1325 East Madison  -- a hip , and often unbearably hot , place to check out up-and-coming bands and DJs . Dimitriou 's Jazz Alley  2033 Sixth Avenue  is an excellent jazz venue and there 's live music almost every night at the Tractor Tavern  5213 Ballard Avenue  . The cowboy boots dangling from the ceiling are a clue to the music policy , which tends towards folk , alt-country and bluegrass . For something completely different , there 's Teatro ZinZanni  222 Mercer Street  , an OTT spectacular of the weird and wonderful . Tickets start at $ 104 and grant you access to a surreal combination of circus , cabaret and fine dining . The five-course menu was created by famed Seattle chef Tom Douglas and is accompanied by a three-hour show of vaudeville-inspired wackiness . Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Seattle picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best	Zig Zag Caf is great for cocktails , while Cha Cha Lounge is a hip hangout Seattle has some great local beers you can sample at the city 's brewpubs If you like your music live you can catch a rocking show at Re-Bar or Chop Suey Teatro ZinZanni offers its own bizarre blend of fine dining , circus and cabaret
CNN  -- Claudio Ranieri 's Roma side are through to the final of the Italian Cup , despite losing 1-0 to Udinese in the second leg of their semifinal on Wednesday . Serie A leaders Roma will now face Inter Milan at their own Olympic stadium next month in a battle of the leading two teams in the table -- after going through 2-1 on aggregate . Remarkably it will be the fifth time in six seasons that the teams are meeting in the final , with each winning two finals apiece prior to May 's showpiece . The only goal came with nine minutes remaining when Alexis Sanchez fired a shot through goalkeeper Julio Sergio 's legs from an acute angle . That gave Roma some nervy moments as the clock ran down . Marco Cassetti was sent off for a second bookable offence , meaning the visitors played the last six minutes with just 10 men . And they were lucky not to concede again when Gokhan Inler 's fierce drive from long range struck the post . Serie A champions Inter secured their place in the final with a 2-0 aggregate win over Fiorentina last week . Meanwhile , in the English Premier League , Aston Villa boosted their hopes of reaching the fourth Champions League place with a 2-0 win at relegation-threatened Hull . Gabriel Agbonlahor put the visitors ahead in the 13th minute , taking advantage of some poor Hull defending . And Villa secured their win when James Milner netted a 75th-minute penalty after the England midfielder had been fouled in the area by George Boateng . Villa are up to sixth place , three points behind fourth-placed Tottenham although they have played a game more , while remain third bottom of the table , three points behind fourth bottom West Ham United .	Claudio Ranieri 's Roma side are through to the final of the Italian Cup They are through despite losing 1-0 to Udinese in the second leg of their semifinal Roma will now face Inter Milan in the final for the fifth time in the last six seasons
CNN  -- A brown bear and her cub mauled a group of teenage boys deep in the Alaskan wilderness , forcing rescuers to scramble early Sunday to help the injured . Two of the teens , participating in a survival skills course , suffered life-threatening injuries , Alaska State Troopers said in a press release , and two had injuries that were labeled "  serious , but non-life-threatening . " Megan Peters , a spokeswoman for the state police , said those four are in critical condition , while three others had minor injuries or exposure-related issues . The National Outdoor Leadership School -- whose program the boys were participating in -- claimed in a statement that four people were hurt in the attack . The mauling occurred around 8:30 p.m. Saturday as the teenagers were crossing a creek in a remote area about 45 miles northeast of Talkeetna . There were no instructors with the group , which was on the 24th of a 30-day backpacking course to learn about teamwork and wilderness-related skills , according to the Wyoming-based program . The teens told state troopers that they were crossing the river in a line when the bears attacked . Those in front got the worst of the assault . "  They were mauled , very severely , " said Peters . "  It was truly an emergency situation . " Between ages 16 to 18 and from all around the country , the boys said that they followed protocol in calling out to warn the bears and carrying bear spray , according to the wilderness program . Afterward , the group set up a camp , provided first aid and activated a personal locator beacon , which is used to alert authorities about one 's whereabouts in an emergency . A helicopter was then dispatched , tracking the beacon 's signal and finding the teens in a tent around 2:45 a.m. Sunday , said state troopers . The rescuers then determined that two of the victims were too hurt to be safely transported by the helicopter for medical aid . A state trooper stayed on the scene , helping tend to those two as well as a third boy who was in the best condition , while the others were flown out for treatment at Mat-Su Regional Hospital in Palmer . Four hours later , around 6:45 a.m. , a better-equipped aircraft arrived to fly out the most seriously injured to Providence Alaska Medical Center in Anchorage , about 150 miles to the south . A state trooper on Sunday flew around the area , trying to locate the animals responsible for the attack . Peters said Sunday night that "  we have not laid eyes on the bear and the cub . " Seven other National Outdoor Leadership School students , as well as three instructors , had been in the Alaska wilderness at the time of the attack and were unaware of the mauling , the state police said . The outdoor leadership school said these 10 people have since been located and "  are in the process of being evacuated by helicopter . " In mid-July , wildlife officials in Colorado said they killed a black bear who they believed had wandered into a heavily populated campsite and attacked a teenage boy . The teen fought off the bear , then chased it away after being bit in the leg . A man was killed weeks earlier in a grizzly bear attack in Wyoming 's Yellowstone Park . But park officials said the man , who was hiking with his wife , surprised the female grizzly while she was with her cubs . They determined that the bear was acting defensively and decided not to put the bear down .	NEW : A state police official says the teenagers "  were mauled , very severely " NEW : 4 are in critical condition after being attacked by brown bears They were on the 24th day of a 30-day National Outdoor Leadership School course Rescuers used a locator beacon to find them , then flew them for medical treatment
CNN  -- A shrewd Wall Street friend once advised me : "  There 's all the difference in the world between a great business and a great investment . " That 's good advice to keep in mind after the drop in Facebook 's share price last week . Shares in the social media company closed Friday at $ 21 , a loss of $ 17 since the company 's public offering in May .  It moved up by 83 cents in Monday 's trading . By any definition , Facebook has grown into a very successful business . Facebook is one of those rare companies that reshape the world . It has signed up almost 1 billion users , it collects almost $ 4 billion in revenues , it earns more than $ 1 billion in profits . Yet Facebook is rapidly proving itself a correspondingly disappointing investment -- and worse may be ahead . The stock 's latest drop was triggered by a company admission that its more profitable U.S. desktop user base had ceased to grow , was now in fact shrinking , as more users access Facebook on mobile devices . Meanwhile , an advertiser raised doubts that Facebook ads generate as many clicks from consumers as the company claims , and the company said it 's looking into the complaint . For a company that derives almost 90 % of its revenue from ads , many of them based on per-click pricing , such doubts represent a serious challenge to its market valuation . The challenge arises because Facebook as a company has decided it cares more about its future as an investment than its future as a business . A great business ceaselessly asks itself the question : How can we serve our customers better ? What products and services can we offer -- and how should we price them -- so that people will want to buy them ? Such a company builds its profits upon customer satisfaction . I rent cars from Hertz about three or four times a year . Each time , I 'm impressed when I notice some small way the experience is smoother and better than it was the time before . Every time I buy a new Mac computer , I 'm delighted by the amazing superiority of the new machine over its predecessor . But unfortunately , some companies think in a very different way . They think : "  Our customers are basically not very intelligent people . They do n't read contracts carefully . We can take advantage of their weaknesses to make more money in the short term than we 'd make from a more ethical approach . " Think of the credit card companies always scheming to hit lower-income customers with small fees , or cell-phone companies that decided against developing warnings to customers when they exceed the minutes allotted by their contract , or pretty much the entire sub-prime mortgage industry Facebook 's $ 38 IPO price was premised on the assumption that each Facebook user was worth $ 100 . That was a heroic assumption given that Facebook was then earning an average of only $ 4.84 from each existing customer -- and that most of Facebook 's growth prospects are found outside the United States , where customers generate radically less revenue than do American customers . To sustain the $ 38 stock price -- never mind to deliver the price rises that people who bought at $ 38 were hoping for -- Facebook would have to find ways to increase its per-customer earnings . And as Facebook users are painfully discovering , many of those ways involve uses of customer information that some customers experience as an intrusion upon their privacy . Many Facebook customers surely think of Facebook as a communications network , just like their telephone company . If one of those customers telephones a friend to say , "  I really liked the new Batman movie , " that customer would likely assume that the information contained in the phone call is his or her personal business . That customer would probably think that the phone company is entitled to payment for carrying the message . That customer would also hold the view that the phone company was not entitled to eavesdrop upon the message and sell advertisers the information , "  Jim or Julie liked the new Batman movie . " Ditto for most e-mail providers , for Skype , for the Post Office , for anyone else involved in the carriage of data . Facebook , however , takes the view that the information customers necessarily divulge in the course of using Facebook becomes Facebook 's property to use as Facebook sees fit -- unless of course the customer affirmatively opts out by ticking the correct boxes in Facebook 's notoriously confusing and repeatedly changing privacy settings . It 's not a very confidence-inspiring way to run a company . More relevantly , it 's a way of running a company that repeatedly defeats customer expectations . And when a company defeats its customers ' expectations , it will find its customers going elsewhere . Which is what seems to be happening to Facebook in its core and most valuable market . There are two lessons in this story , one for Facebook in particular and the other for the broader U.S. economy . For Facebook , the lesson is : Business ethics matter . Facebook may regard its users ' privacy concerns as irrational and outdated . Its CEO , Mark Zuckerberg , said in 2010 that social norms had changed and people were comfortable sharing a lot more information about themselves . He said , "  Doing a privacy change for 350 million users is not the kind of thing that a lot of companies would do . But we viewed that as a really important thing , to always keep a beginner 's mind and what would we do if we were starting the company now and we decided that these would be the social norms now and we just went for it . " Zuckerberg later apologized and promised to do better on protecting privacy . Yet , in general , instead of trying to convince customers to see things Facebook 's way , the company has often sought to bypass those concerns in ways that many customers who do n't read Facebook 's legal disclosures discover only after the fact . That practice leads to a loss of trust . And trust is an asset that every company should value -- especially one that earns money by counting its own clicks . Today , as a question is raised about Facebook 's advertising numbers , many of us think : "  Gee , whom should I believe ? This advertiser I 'd never previously heard of ? Or Facebook , a company that so often acts in ways that I personally find unethical ? " For the U.S. economy , the warning is even more ominous . From a strictly economic point of view , the stock market is becoming a less and less important place . The days when companies used public markets as important sources of financing have long since passed . Increasingly , stock markets function as speculative adjuncts to the real work of business finance . Yet as stock markets have dwindled in economic importance , they have grown in political and social importance . Without the stock market , for example , Zuckerberg would be CEO of a company that falls well short of qualifying for the Fortune 500 . It 's the speculative actions of the market that have made Zuckerberg a multiple billionaire -- and the need to satisfy that market that could cannibalize the company he founded , built , and may now be endangering . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Facebook shares have declined sharply since it first offered stock to the public David Frum says Facebook 's growth in a key segment is leveling off He says the company has n't fully confronted the privacy issues involved in its business Frum : Facebook needs to find way to improve the experience for its users
CNN  -- A state legislator apparently misses Colonel Reb so much , he 's pushing a bill to bring the former University of Mississippi mascot back . He also wants the college band to play "  Dixie " at games -- even on the road . "  The University of Mississippi shall bear the nickname ` Ole Miss Rebels ' and its mascot shall be ` Colonel Rebel , ' " states House Bill 1106 . "  The University of Mississippi 's marching band ... shall play the song ` Dixie ' before , during and after home and away football games and basketball games at which the band , or a portion of the band , is present , " the legislation states . Under the bill , which is authored by Democratic state Rep. Mark DuVall of Mantachie , the band would be required to play "  From Dixie with Love " only once -- during halftime . DuVall could not be reached for comment Friday . The university , which in recent years has sought to dim the Old South imagery associated with the institution , retired the white-haired and moustachioed mascot in 2003 . Ole Miss , a Southeastern Conference member , went without a mascot until October 2010 , when students adopted Rebel Black Bear in a campuswide vote . Since then , however , a vocal minority of students and university boosters have pleaded for the return of the colonel .	Lawmaker wants Colonel Reb restored as Old Miss mascot , "  Dixie " played at games House Bill 1106 was authored by state Rep. Mark DuVall , D-Mantachic Ole Miss students voted in October to name the new mascot Rebel Black Bear
CNN  -- This spring break , thousands of college students will ditch the bars and the beaches to do something more meaningful with their vacation time . Brad Vonck  bottom , left  and other student volunteers worked with the Cherokee Nation in Stilwell , Oklahoma . Brad Vonck is one of them . A sophomore at the University of Illinois , Vonck will travel to San Juan , Texas , in a group of 13 students to volunteer with La Union del Pueblo Entero , an organization that helps strengthen the communities and lives of farm workers and their families . "  Learning about different cultures is very important to me , " Vonck said . "  I like to engage in different areas of life that I do n't really understand . " Every year , more and more college students , like Vonck , are choosing to spend their valuable time off from school participating in "  alternative spring break " programs -- community service-based opportunities dealing with the most pressing issues of the day , including hunger and homelessness , disaster relief and global warming . "  If you can name a social issue , then students are doing trips around it , " said Jill Piacitelli , executive director of Break Away , an organization that trains and helps colleges across the United States promote alternative break programs . For the past six years , these programs have been growing in popularity among college students . Break Away estimated that this year , nearly 65,000 students will participate in its alternative break programs , an 11 percent increase from 2008 . "  It 's a student-led social movement . ... This is a group that very much wants to be involved in the world around them , " Piacitelli said of the volunteers . "  They 're solution-oriented . They want to innovate and lead and involve their peers . " The average domestic trip costs around $ 250 or $ 300 , Piacitelli said , which includes "  housing , travel , social activities , food and often a donation to the community . " Many university programs offer financial aid and the option to raise money to help pay for trips . "  It is rare that anyone who wants to go on a trip can not go , " Piacitelli said . The affordability is part of the reason why so many students return for second or third trips . Nikunj Shah , a graduate of Arcadia University , has taken several alternative spring break trips volunteering in the United States and Mexico . This year , he will be traveling as an alumnus to Jean Lafitte , Louisiana , a city that has been largely ignored by disaster relief efforts in the wake of hurricanes Katrina , Wilma and Rita . "  I 've always had an interest in helping people . I 've always been really involved in community service , " Shah said . "  So I saw this as an opportunity to go places I have n't been before , to get a feel for different cultures and to help people there that truly need help . " In an effort to expand their alternative spring break options , universities across the United States partner with humanitarian organizations like the United Way of America . Randy Punley , director of corporate and media partnerships at the United Way , oversees the organization 's Alternative Spring Break programs . After Hurricane Katrina , the United Way partnered with MTV to engage young people in the response effort . "  We knew there was an interest and a passion in young people for the work we were trying to achieve , " Punley said . Since then , the United Way has evolved and expanded , establishing chapters on college campuses . The organization has also developed an Alternative Spring Break Social Media Challenge , encouraging young people to be active in their communities and use social media Web sites , like Facebook or Twitter , to involve other people . "  Whether it started with the first Gulf War , punctuated by the September 11 attacks and Katrina and the economic meltdown , young people have a very different perspective about what 's going on in the world , " Punley said . At the end of the weeklong trip , most students say it was the best week of their lives , Punley said . The increasing interest in these programs , Punley believes , speaks volumes about the attitudes of Generation Y , a group of people who are eager to make an impact on the world around them . "  It 's such a difference from going home and not really feeling accomplished to going on these trips and meeting new people , " Vonck said . "  You get experiences that you would n't get sitting on the couch watching TV for a week . " Piacitelli said these programs encourage young people to continue serving their communities and those in need . "  The students are the main benefactors of what goes on , " Piacitelli said . "  It changes their consciousness . They get really interested in social issues ... They see themselves as active citizens , and helping the community becomes a priority . " Like Vonck and Shah , University of Illinois senior Adriana Collazo has a passion for community service . During her spring break last year , Collazo traveled to the Bronx in New York to volunteer at a homeless shelter . She stayed at a hostel with other volunteers and helped serve food and organize clothing drives . "  I never really had all that money to go off and do the whole Cancun , Mexico , spring break , and I did n't really want to , because I think that 's throwing away money , " Collazo said . "  When you can give back , it 's selfish . " The trip to the Bronx was a personal one for Collazo who , at the age of 6 , experienced poverty firsthand when her family became homeless . "  My family 's better now , and I want to give back , " Collazo said . "  I think a lot of students have realized that they can do better things with their time . ... It humbles you . "	"  Alternative " spring breaks are becoming more popular among college students The programs center on community service Trips may address hunger and homelessness , disaster relief and global warming The average domestic trip costs around $ 250 or $ 300
CNN  -- A 50-year-old man accused of strapping a suspected explosive device around the neck of an 18-year-old woman near Sydney , Australia , earlier this month was arrested Monday more than 9,000 miles away , Australian law enforcement officials said . "  The offender in this matter has been identified , and it 's been confirmed that he traveled to the United States , " New South Wales police commissioner Andrew Scipione told reporters . Police said that a man broke into the Mosman , Australia , home of the woman , later identified as Madeleine Pulver , on August 3 and attached what she then believed to be a bomb . The woman spent 10 hours attached to the device before having it removed by police bomb technicians . Authorities later determined it had been inert . The case subsequently drew intense media attention in Australia , and prompted police to launch an extensive investigation . That probe led to the arrest of the suspect around 3:30 p.m. EST  5:30 a.m. Tuesday in Sydney  in Louisville , Kentucky , by FBI agents working "  very , very closely " with their Australian counterparts , said Scipione . "  The information that I have is that the suspect was surprised " to be arrested , said Assistant Commissioner David Hudson . Australian police did not name the man arrested , noting that he has n't been formally charged . But Hudson said that he is an Australian citizen who frequently traveled to the United States on business . He 'd been in Sydney , which is his primary place of residence , for six weeks before flying to the United States on August 8 , said Hudson . Hudson said that the man taken into custody was not yet a suspect when he went overseas . But "  a fairly detailed chain of circumstantial evidence " -- including a description from the victim , even though the alleged assailant was "  heavily disguised " -- ultimately led them to the United States and the arrest . There were "  some links between the suspect and the family , however no direct links , " said the assistant commissioner , though he declined to elaborate , citing the ongoing investigation . The suspect is expected to be arraigned Tuesday morning in a U.S. court , said Hudson . Australian authorities plan to seek his extradition back across the Pacific Ocean . The alleged crime occurred in Mosman , a wealthy suburb about eight kilometers  five miles  from Sydney where many well-connected people , sports stars and celebrities live , resident and Australian news reporter Dave Kirwan told CNN . When the alarm was first raised , he said , many residents locked themselves in their homes fearing they might also be in danger . "  This kind of thing does n't really happen here , " Kirwan said at the time . Speaking on what was Tuesday morning in Australia , Scipione thanked the Pulver family , as well as investigators in both Australia and the United States , for overcoming several challenges to find the person they believe was behind this "  hideous crime . " "  The motto for  the New South Wales police force  simply says , translated , ` Justice swiftly follows crime , ' " said Scipione . "  You 've seen that today . "	NEW : The suspect "  was surprised " to be arrested 9,000 miles away , an official says NEW : He is an Australian citizen , 50 , who often traveled to the U.S. , the official adds Police say the man strapped a suspected collar bomb on a woman , 18 , near Sydney The teen spent 10 hours attached to the device , which ended up being inert
Washington  CNN  -- CNN has reported President Obama has personally met with four leading candidates for the upcoming Supreme Court vacancy . The president is expected to announce his nominee in coming days so the Senate can complete the confirmation process in time for the new Supreme Court session in the fall . Justice John Paul Stevens , who turned 90 last month , announced that he will retire shortly after the Supreme Court 's term ends in late June . Here are summaries of the four people believed to be finalists for the Stevens seat , and a list of arguments for and against their nominations : Elena Kagan U.S. Solicitor General Year born : 1960 Hometown : New York  Manhattan Experience : Solicitor general ; Harvard Law School dean ; White House associate counsel Education : Princeton University ; Oxford University ; J.D. , Harvard Law School Fun fact : Former law clerk for Justice Thurgood Marshall , who nicknamed her "  Shorty " Top cases argued as solicitor general  in support of federal laws or executive action  :  Campaign finance reform  Citizens United v. FEC , 2009  : Congressional efforts to restrict "  independent spending " by corporations and unions in federal political campaigns . Supreme Court ruled against the government in January .  Terror support  Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project , 2010  : Whether the government 's power to criminalize "  material support " of a terrorist organization goes too far in restricting civil liberties . Supreme Court ruling pending .  Religious monuments  Salazar v. Buono , 2009  : Can a war memorial shaped like a cross remain on government parkland , or does it violate the constitutional separation of church and state ? Justices ruled for the government , saying the cross should remain . Why she may be chosen : Her lack of a substantive paper trail on hot-button issues may blunt initial conservative criticism over where she stands on these topics . She has a reputation as a political pragmatist and consensus-builder who enjoys the support of liberal and conservative academics . That perceived ability to reach across the aisle could help Kagan on a divided high court . Her relative youth  she would be the youngest member of the court  could give Obama a longer judicial legacy . She also would provide greater gender diversity to the bench . Why she may be passed over : That lack of judicial experience may raise concerns about whether she would be a "  reliable " vote on the left . Some liberal groups have also raised concerns that Kagan -- as solicitor general -- has articulated a more robust defense of executive power by the White House than many civil rights and human rights groups would like . Judge Diane Wood 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , Chicago , Illinois Year born : 1950 Hometowns : Plainfield , New Jersey ; Houston , Texas Experience : Federal appeals judge ; University of Chicago law professor ; government lawyer in the Carter , Reagan and Clinton administrations Education : B.A. , J.D. , University of Texas Fun fact : Talented oboe player who plays in local orchestras Top cases as federal appeals judge :  Abortion protests  National Organization for Women vs. Scheidler , 2001  : Wrote the opinion allowing extortion and anti-racketeering  RICO  laws to be used against a group of anti-abortion protesters . The case was reversed twice by the Supreme Court , 8-1 and 8-0 .  First Amendment  Doe v. Lafayette , 2004  -- Dissented in a case that ruled a convicted sex offender could be banned from an Indiana city 's parks . The offender admitted observing minors there but left without molesting them .  Religious displays  Bloch v. Frischolz and Shoreline Towers Condominium Association , 2008  : Disagreed in a ruling allowing a condominium association to prevent a Chicago family from putting up a Jewish decoration on their doorpost . Her strong dissent prompted Wood 's entire court to reconsider , which then reversed and adopted her views on the issue . Why she may be chosen : Sharp intellect and consensus-building skills have served her well on a court dominated by conservative judges . Her gender , Midwest base , non-Ivy league education and long academic record would bring diversity to the high court . She also would be the only Protestant on the bench . Wood 's working mother status would be seen as a political plus for a White House courting female voters . Why she may be passed over : Her judicial record on abortion , religion and immigration cases could present serious roadblocks . Conservatives have privately said she would be the least acceptable of the top contenders , and vow a political fight over her nomination . Her age  she turns 60 on July 4  also could hurt her chances . Judge Merrick Garland D.C. Circuit , U.S. Court of Appeals , Washington Year born : 1952 Hometown : Chicago Experience : Federal appeals judge ; Justice Department lawyer in the George H.W. Bush and Clinton administrations Education : B.A. , J.D. , Harvard University Law School Fun facts : Met President Richard Nixon as a 17-year-old high school student as part of Presidential Scholars program . Later , as a top government lawyer , supervised the prosecution of the Oklahoma City bombing and Unabomber defendants . Top cases as federal appeals judge :  Terror detentions  Parhat v. Gates , 2008  : Wrote opinion that concluded the government improperly classified a Guantanamo detainee as an enemy combatant .  Discrimination  Barbour v. WMATA , 2004  : Allowed a Washington , D.C. , government worker to sue for disability discrimination . He was supported in the ruling by then-colleague and good friend John Roberts , now chief justice .  Environment  Rancho Viejo v. Norton , 2003  : Parted ways with Roberts by refusing to rehear a case over federal protection for the rare arroyo toad , and sided against a California developer who challenged the Endangered Species Act . Why he may be chosen : Little controversy is noted in his personal and professional lives . Colleagues call him a brilliant legal mind , well-respected by nearly everyone . He is viewed as a liberal moderate , and many conservative activists say they could support his nomination . That tacit endorsement could erase any protracted political fight , if the White House seeks a smooth , swift confirmation . Why he may be passed over : Many liberals question his ideological credentials , and fear that as the replacement for the left-leaning Stevens , Garland could move the court incrementally to the right on a number of key issues . He would add little diversity to the court , being a white male with an Ivy League background . Judge Sidney Thomas 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , San Francisco , California ; he is based in Billings , Montana Year born : 1953 Hometown : Bozeman , Montana Experience : Federal appeals judge ; private attorney Education : Montana State University ; J.D. , University of Montana Law School Fun fact : Enjoys skiing and hiking with his wife and two sons , friends say Top cases as federal appeals judge :  Strip searches  Bull v. City and County of San Francisco , 2006  : Wrote opinion striking down San Francisco 's body-cavity strip search policy for all newly arrested inmates . Full appeals court later reversed .  Student rights  Harper v. Poway Unified School District , 2006  : Supported a San Diego high school that banned a student from wearing a T-shirt reading "  Homosexuality is Shameful , " saying such expressions are disruptive and that gay students and school personnel have a right to be free of such messages , especially in school campus settings .  Terror prevention  Public Citizen v. Nuclear Regulatory Commission , 2009  : Dissented in this national security case , where the majority said federal regulators could not be ordered to require greater safety measures at nuclear power plants . The commission "  owes the public a rational and reasonable explanation why it would exclude from its -LSB- safety -RSB- rule consideration of terrorist air attacks , " Thomas said . Why he may be chosen : Western roots would add real regional diversity to the court , and his home-state education may be seen as a plus for a bench dominated by Ivy leaguers . Little is known about him inside the Beltway , but colleagues praise his low-key demeanor , plain-talking intelligence and quiet sense of humor . Why he may be passed over : On a court with a majority of five white males , Thomas would not add much diversity , if the president deems that an important quality . His low profile may not give him many strong supporters among the president 's closest aides . Friends privately say Thomas himself is downplaying his chances , and that he is surprised just to be considered among the finalists and to have had a personal meeting with Obama on the vacancy . CNN Political Research Director Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	Elena Kagan known as a political pragmatist , but lacks judicial record Confirmation battle for Diane Wood might be tough Merrick Garland viewed as a liberal moderate Sidney Thomas ' Western roots would add regional diversity to the court
Heavily armed men descended on the school as the girls slept . Bullets flew as guards fought back , but they lost . The men , Boko Haram militants , herded more than 100 students onto buses , vans and trucks and drove off , flanked by motorcycles , authorities said . That was Monday . By Wednesday , just eight of the 129 abducted school girls were still missing , according to the Nigerian military . It was not immediately clear how the girls became free . Their conditions were also not clear . "  They forced us into trucks , buses and vans , some of which were carrying foodstuffs and petrol . They left with us in a convoy into the bush , " said a student among the girls who escaped and who declined to be named for security reasons . "  A group of motorcyclists flanked the convoy to ensure none of us escaped . " At one point , one of the trucks broke down and the girls on that vehicle were transferred to another one , the student said . The broken down truck was set on fire , she added . When another vehicle broke down and the men tried to fix it , "  some of us jumped out of the vehicles and ran into the bush . We later found our way back to Chibok , " she said , referring to the northeastern town where her school is located . One of the alleged attackers has been captured , and a military search-and-rescue operation is ongoing to "  ensure the safety of the remaining students , " Maj. Gen. Chris Olukolade said Wednesday . Boko Haram , which translates as "  Western education is sin , " is an Islamist militant group waging a campaign of violence in northeastern Nigeria , particularly in the states of Borno , Yobe and Adamawa . The group is known to have carried out deadly attacks on other schools in the northeast . In a clip released by the group on March 23 , leader Abubakar Shekau threatened to launch raids and abduct girls from schools . "  They took away my daughter and my niece ... and we fear for their safety in the hands of these merciless people that take delight in killing and destruction , " said the mother of one of the abducted girls . "  I do n't know what to do . The whole family is confused and we have turned to prayers , which is all we have . " In early March , Borno state 's government closed all its 85 secondary schools and sent more than 120,000 students home after increasing Boko Haram attacks . The Nigerian government is struggling to control the bloodshed between the mainly Muslim north and Christian south that has claimed more than 3,000 lives since Boko Haram came to prominence in 2009 , according to Human Rights Watch . Rescue teams are fanning out in the forest Rescue teams , aided by surveillance helicopters , were moving deeper into the vast forest that extends into neighboring Cameroon and other states in the region , said Ali Ndume , a senator representing southern Borno state , in which Chibok is located . "  Soldiers and the Civilian Joint Task Force , as well as volunteers from the area , are now combing the forest to rescue the schoolgirls . They are aided by surveillance helicopters to locate the kidnappers ' position , " Ndume said . The teams ventured into the woods after a broken down truck believed to have been part of the kidnapping convoy was found abandoned at the edge of the forest , which suggests that the abductors took their hostages into the woods on foot , he added . A military official involved in the rescue operation also confirmed a broken down truck was found in the brush . "  We are now trying to locate the whereabouts of the abducted girls , " said the military source , who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak on the issue . Before the military 's announcement that most of the students had been freed , Borno Gov. Kashim Shettima told reporters about 14 girls had escaped . He pledged 50 million naira , around $ 300,000 , to any person or persons who could provide information that would lead to the rescue of the girls . ` Pain , sorrow and anguish ' for families Distraught parents of the abducted girls anxiously waited for news , many of them crowded outside the burned home of the Chibok district administrator . The gunmen burned homes and businesses in the town as they fled with the girls , witnesses said . "  We are calling on the government to do everything possible to track these people and save your daughters from them . They should not allow our daughters ' dreams to be shattered by these murderers , " said the mother of one abducted girl . A statement from the office of Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan , said he ordered security forces "  to deploy maximum efforts " in rescuing the girls and welcomed reports of some rescues . "  President Jonathan deeply regrets the pain , sorrow and anguish brought upon many Nigerian families in recent days as a consequence of recurring security challenges which the nation is contending with , " the statement said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called for the girls ' "  immediate release , " according to a statement from Ban 's spokesperson . He is "  deeply alarmed about the increasing frequency and brutality of attacks " against schools in northern Nigeria . "  The targeting of schools and schoolchildren is a grave violation of international humanitarian law . Schools are , and must remain , safe places where children can learn and grow in peace , " the statement said .	Only eight of the 129 school girls abducted are still missing , says the military The girls were seized by suspected Boko Haram militants The students were loaded onto buses and trucks , says one who escaped Military search teams are focusing on the forest in northeast Nigeria
CNN  -- Paul the octopus has plumped for Spain to beat the Netherlands in Sunday 's World Cup final in Johannesburg , South Africa . The psychic cephalopod , which is kept at Sea Life in Oberhausen , western Germany , wasted no time in opening the box in his tank labeled with the Spanish flag . Paul previously predicted the winners of all of Germany 's World Cup matches , creating a huge amount of interest around the world . But this is the first time he has had to choose between two non-German teams . Baby elephant helps pick World Cup champ Staff at the aquarium help Paul make his prediction by lowering two boxes of food into his tank , one with a Spanish flag and the other bearing that of their Dutch opponents . The case he opens first is adjudged to be his predicted winner . Would you trust the octopus oracle ? The octopus correctly predicted that Germany would beat Ghana and Australia in the group stages -- but also outwitted most professional pundits by predicting Germany 's shock 1-0 defeat by Serbia . In the knockout stages , Paul tipped Germany to beat both England and Argentina . German fans doubted octopus But the eight-tentacled oracle drew cries of despair from assembled watchers prior to the semi-final round , when he lingered over the box for the German flag before opting for the Spanish flag instead . Spain won the match 1-0 . However Paul has predicted that Germany will prevail against Uruguay in Saturday 's third/fourth place playoff .	Paul the octopus selects Spain to beat Netherlands in World Cup final Eight-legged sea creature predicted result of all six of Germany 's games Octopus makes predictions by opening box of food bearing flag of winning country
The new Web series "  An African City " is fun , trendy and over the top . It 's also breaking taboos , dismantling stereotypes and creating major buzz in the continent . Set in Ghana , the series focuses on five glamorous young women who 've returned to Accra after living abroad for years . They navigate the chaotic world of love , adventure and careers -- all while trying to reconnect with their bustling capital in spiky heels and fabulous clothes . Fans describe it as the African version of "  Sex and the City , " a comparison that show creator Nicole Amarteifio readily welcomes . CNN caught up with Amarteifio to find out more about the series and what inspired the former expatriate to do it . And the story closely mirrors hers . Born in Ghana , her family fled to London in the 1980s to escape a coup . They later relocated to the United States , where she grew up before packing up her bags recently and returning home . "  I always dreamed of Ghana ; Ghana was where I wanted to be , " she says . "  Ghana had color , it had potential , it had opportunity . " CNN : How did the show come about ? Nicole Amarteifio : I wanted something for African women , something for us and by us . I was tired of the sole narrative of the African woman being about poverty and disease . I wanted to see another narrative -- one of beauty , glamor and intelligence . I knew I had to do something about it . I could n't keep complaining about the problem . Why did you decide on this particular theme ? After returning to Ghana from the United States , I was sitting in my living room watching re-runs of "  Sex and the City , " and that sparked a solution to the problem : "  An African City . " I was first inspired by its model -- a Carrie , a Samantha , a Charlotte and , well , two Mirandas . Leading ladies being completely vulnerable and open in the discovery of themselves -- whether sensually or professionally . Women are raving about the fashion and makeup ... Ghanaian designers graciously loaned us clothes to use during production . I wanted this show to be a platform for all creatives -- fashion designers , musicians , interior designers , painters , etc. . African culture tends to be conservative , and sex conversations can be a taboo . But you went there ... Yes , African culture can be conservative . But you get enough African women in a room , and conservatism can easily give way to what is real , to what is intimate , to what is vulnerable . And I think as a continent we are ready to bring down the facade and just be real . For the sake of the next generation , there are too many societal issues that need to be addressed in a real and authentic way . Critics have said a lot of African women ca n't relate to the show . Thoughts ? Do we all have to be burned-out chemistry teachers with cancer to relate to "  Breaking Bad " ? Do we all have to be Italian-American mobsters living in New Jersey to relate to "  The Sopranos " ? In Ghana , my choices for film entertainment are limited . "  An African City " is trying to be the answer to what is lacking in our film industry ; it 's trying to be of high production value while incorporating the stories of Ghanaians and others throughout Africa . Others have said the lives of the women in the show revolve around men ... Their lives do not revolve around men , but the show revolves around the part of their lives that does . However , if people really pay attention ... there is a lot to learn . Episode six touches on the Africa Growth and Opportunity Act while an upcoming episode nine brings up training female cooperatives and fighting the IRS . The show focuses on a narrative rarely seen , even in Africa . Was that your goal ? I wanted a TV show about modern , beautiful , educated African women -- sometimes doing unintelligent things or going through absurd situations -- but for comedic purposes . When it comes to the African woman , there is room for many stories . Stories that we -- as Africans -- can take control of and share with the world . What about this show unifies all women , regardless of background ? As women , we 've all been in love . We are all looking for love . If you 're a female CEO or a woman pounding yams in the village , you are trying to take stake of your love life . The love life you assumed you would have  because of societal/cultural ideals  versus the love life that realistically exists . But , for me , a key unifying factor is nearly every African woman wants the narrative on the African woman changed . This show is one of the many ways to do so . Why did you decide to go the YouTube way , instead of TV ? I loved that I would not lose any creative control to a TV network . I wanted to push some boundaries and I did n't want any TV network telling me otherwise . Which brings me to the next question . Are you generating revenue from the show ? You know , for me , it 's not about the revenue . Season one was really about just doing something in regards to the narrative , even if I had to use my own savings to get that done . Best compliment you 've received so far ? There are women in Africa and throughout the African Diaspora who have written me to just say thank you , that they are not used to seeing themselves on the screen . They are grateful and I am honored . When mainstream media ignores you or constantly tells you that there is only one type of you , you feel invisible . "  An African City " is about our visibility . Most misleading misunderstanding about the show ? I wanted the show to start a conversation -- many conversations at that . The one conversation I would like to address is when people ask : "  Is this African ? " But , that 's the thing -- what is African ? Or , what is African "  enough " ? In a world where you have African immigrants who are born and raised elsewhere , are they no longer African ? Who decides ? Talk to the critics ... what do you want them to know ? I am aware of what they do not like about the show . But , I do n't see those things as problems and they should n't either . This is our show -- the show for us as African women . We can all work together to make it better from episode to episode , from season to season . And to the fans : Thank you . Thanks for showing TV networks the kind of content that we are all thirsting for , and what we 're all thirsting for is other narratives of the African woman .	Creator Nicole Amarteifio sets her story in Accra , Ghana She says she wanted to create a narrative "  of beauty , glamor and intelligence " Amarteifio says she was inspired as she watched re-runs of "  Sex and the City " She wanted the show to tell the stories of not just Ghana , but Africa as well
CNN  -- When she was a public health administrator for the state of California , Kathryn Hall-Trujillo found that her greatest challenge was paying for babies who were born sick . "  The figure we were working with at that time was about $ 300,000 ... to stabilize a baby for the first 90 days , " said Hall-Trujillo , who worked for the state from 1976-1991 . At the same time , she said , it cost just $ 2,000 to ensure pregnant mothers received all the care they needed for a healthy pregnancy and proper delivery . The staggering disparity , along with troubling rates of infant mortality in America , compelled Hall-Trujillo , 62 , to find a solution . "  It occurred to me that one of the things that we could do that would cost hardly anything was to make sure that moms who were at risk ... -LSB- were -RSB- really connected to care , " she said . What Hall-Trujillo came up with was Birthing Project USA . Since 1988 , the nonprofit organization has been battling high infant-mortality rates by pairing soon-to-be moms with volunteer "  sister friends " who provide guidance and support through the pregnancy and first year of the baby 's life . Of every 1,000 babies born in the United States , at least six  6.14  do not survive their first year of life , according to the CIA World Factbook . That gives the United States only the 45th best infant mortality rate in the world , trailing top-ranked Monaco  1.78 deaths per thousand births  and countries such as Japan  2.79  and the United Kingdom  4.78  . And African-American babies , regardless of the mother 's age , income or educational level , are more than twice as likely to die before the age of 1 than Caucasian babies , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . It is this at-risk group that the Birthing Project primarily targets . "  By the act of going back and saving what we consider to be our little sisters at risk , we have found out that we 're also saving our own lives , because we need this kind of information and ... support , regardless of where we are on the socioeconomic ladder , " Hall-Trujillo said . Hall-Trujillo started the project as an experiment while working for the state in 1988 . She paired 10 young , pregnant African-American women who had little access to financial , educational and emotional support with more experienced black women who had further education and more stable income . The idea was to have the pairs work together to ensure positive birth outcomes . This became the founding "  sisterhood " that has since been replicated thousands of times . Hall-Trujillo participated in the experiment as a "  sister friend " herself . But just days after delivery , the baby of her "  little sister " died from complications . "  I used the words infant mortality ... every day of my working career . But until I held DeAndre in my arms , I never realized that that meant counting dead babies , " she said . " -LSB- That -RSB- was ... enough to really change my life . " The experience moved Hall-Trujillo to quit her job and work on the Birthing Project full time . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes Since its inception , the Birthing Project has welcomed more than 12,000 babies in 94 community chapters in the United States , Canada , Cuba , Honduras and Malawi . "  We 've been doing this long enough now that you can hear a child -- 20 years old -- say , ' I was born into the Birthing Project , ' " Hall-Trujillo said . "  That means more to me than anything that I may have given up , because in return I have received a whole community . " Hall-Trujillo and veteran chapter leaders train women who step up and create chapters in their own communities . Together , they identify local partner organizations that provide the support services needed for maternal and child health , such as parenting classes and transportation to doctor appointments . The volunteers then help connect their pregnant sisters to those resources . "  All of us want to see our babies born as healthy as possible to families who are prepared to care for them , " Hall-Trujillo said . Laniqua Roussell , 36 , and her "  little sister , " Evan Batiste , 20 , are part of the group 's newest chapter in New Orleans , Louisiana . The two were paired together in April , at the end of Batiste 's first trimester . Roussell has played a key role in Batiste 's pregnancy . She not only helps make sure Batiste is eating right and attending her prenatal appointments , but she also helps Batiste budget her money and find access to affordable , stable housing . "  I wanted a big sister that -LSB- has -RSB- kids , -LSB- has -RSB- accomplished a lot in life already to teach me things I do n't know , " Batiste said . "  I could tell she cares about me . I could sense it . ... I needed that . " For Hall-Trujillo , seeing the difference the Birthing Project is making is "  magical . " "  We can do something to help save the world , " she said . "  All these women prove me right . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Birthing Project website at www.birthingprojectusa.org and see how to help . You can nominate a 2010 CNN Hero at cnnheroes.com .	Birthing Project USA helps soon-to-be mothers find guidance and support The goal of the mentoring program is to prevent babies from being born sick Kathryn Hall-Trujillo came up with the idea while she was a public health administrator Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- As migrant children continue to cross the border into the United States , dominating the immigration debate this summer , Texas Gov. Rick Perry says that 's a sideshow and maintains that the real issue at the border is the wave of criminals who have crossed over it . Sen. John Thune , R-South Dakota , said Sunday morning on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " that politicians in Washington "  have to deal with the immediate crisis right now , " referring to the migrant children border crossings . But Perry said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " that the influx of unaccompanied minors crossing the border , mostly into Texas , is a "  side issue . " Numerous politicians have said the 62,000 unaccompanied minors who have crossed into Texas is a humanitarian crisis . The situation is overloading holding facilities and taxing the immigration system -- all of which is costing an additional hundreds of millions of tax payer dollars . Perry , meanwhile , said he is "  substantially more concerned about " criminals crossing a porous border . "  That 's the real issue here , and one that all too often gets deflected by the conversation about unaccompanied minor children , " he said Sunday . Criminal border-crossers is a theme Perry has been hitting since he announced in late July that he would send up to 1,000 National Guard troops to the border to help "  combat " crime . He restated that position Sunday in an interview with CNN 's Candy Crowley . "  We 'll continue to do what we have to do to keep our citizens safe , " he said . Once again , he said that criminals in the United States illegally are responsible for 3,000 homicides and nearly 8,000 sexual assaults since 2008 . But PolitiFact Texas fact-checked the statistics and concluded that the statement "  is both incorrect and ridiculous . " Perry told Crowley he stands by those statistics . Perry sending National Guard troops to border Perry 's crime statistics have been debunked , the rate of undocumented immigrants crossing the border is at its lowest since the early 1980s and most other politicians are focused on the fact that more than twice as many migrant children crossed the border this year than last . So why is Perry focusing on criminals ? Republican strategist Ana Navarro , whose job it is to analyze and craft Republican political strategy , said she has "  no idea " why Perry is focused on crime . "  I had a hard time following his train of thought , " she added . But Republican strategist Leslie Sanchez said Perry focuses on the criminal component of the border issue because it is one component of the larger problem at the border . "  The  Obama  administration 's weak stand over the past six years produced an environment where exactly this type of crisis unfurls , " she said . Perry , whose term is up this year , is considering another run at the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 . His previous White House campaign was crippled partly because of the Republican voter base 's displeasure with a law he signed more than a decade ago giving children of undocumented immigrants in-state college tuition . In addition to violent criminals , Perry indicated Sunday that terrorists are using a porous southern border to enter the United States . His statement was backed up by Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , who said on "  State of the Union , " that "  we believe  people who  are connected in some way with terrorist organizations at least having the understanding ... it is a weakness in our national security . " It 's the same argument that was made after the 9-11 terrorist attacks and spurred the creation of the Department of Homeland Security and doubling the amount spent on border security and border patrol agents . Perry 's focus , however , has evolved over the course of the debate over migrant youths . Just one month ago , during a congressional hearing held near the border , Perry sounded a different tune . He lectured members of Congress that they need to work with President Barack Obama to address the influx of unaccompanied minors . "  The President has bypassed Congress -- and maybe he could and should , I do n't know , I 'm not going to wade in -- but this is the one time that I really think the President does need all of you , Democrats and Republicans alike , to be working with you and reaching out , " he said on July 3 . But since then , Perry has chosen to focus solely on the need for greater border security and protection to tamp down on crime and illegal border crossings , even though the total number of undocumented immigrants has mostly declined . While the number of youths has more than doubled in just one year , the total number of immigrants had continued to drop over the past eight years to about 400,000 , compared with about 1 million each year from 1983 until 2006 . By focusing only on border security , Perry safely toes the Republican position and is in line with many Americans . On the issue of immigration since the migrant youth crisis , polling shows Americans ' priorities have shifted . According to a July CNN/ORC poll , 51 % now say the government 's focus on immigration policy should be formulating a plan to stop the flow of undocumented immigrants rather than dealing with the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants who are here . But the issue of children is more complicated . The same poll found contradictions in people 's opinions . While 54 % of respondents supported spending "  several billion dollars " to care for the children while they waited an immigration judge , 62 % of the same people surveyed also supported a bill that would make it easier to deport them .	Many call the border situation a humanitarian crisis ; Texas Gov. Rick Perry calls it a "  side issue " He is more focused on criminals crossing the border than the flood of children PolitiFact said his statistics about undocumented criminals are incorrect
New York  CNN  -- When the call came in that a pickup truck had slammed into a house , igniting a fire , volunteer firefighter Michael Cosgrove and his fellow firemen in the New York hamlet of Selden rushed to the scene . It was only when their fire trucks neared the street that Cosgrove realized that the fire he 'd be fighting would be at his own house . "  He realized it was his address that was actually on fire , " Cosgrove 's neighbor Nelson Ortiz told CNN affiliate WCBS . "  So he jumped out , he left everything out of the vehicle , and he started work . " The firefighter 's wife and two children , ages 9 and 7 , were in the home and were able to escape unharmed . The fire started after the driver of a pickup truck , who authorities said was under the influence of drugs , lost control and crashed into a natural gas line at the house . The impact engulfed both the truck and house in flames , Suffolk County Police said . The driver of the truck was arrested . The call that came into the fire station was from the house next to Cosgrove 's , leading firefighters to think that 's where the fire was , Selden Fire Chief Joseph Leavens said . Last year , Cosgrove was named firefighter of the year for rescuing a man from a burning building as he waited for other firefighters to arrive .	The firefighter 's wife and kids escape unharmed A pickup truck driver had crashed into a gas line at the house Cosgrove was named firefighter of the year in 2012
CNN  -- This year has provided something of a bumper crop of Catholic candidates . Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich in the Republican primaries , Joe Biden and Paul Ryan in the general election . Given the endless cycle of sin and guilt that we have to live with , sometimes it feels like it 's easier for a Catholic to get elected president than it is to get into heaven . But political strength does n't necessarily mean political unity . Today 's Catholic vote is divided by intensity of faith . According to Gallup , the "  very religious " lean toward Romney and the "  nonreligious " prefer Obama , by significant margins . This reflects an internal story of conflict between liberal and conservative perspectives on what it means to be a Catholic . Biden and Ryan stand on either side of that debate , and their selections as running mates signal vastly different approaches to winning the Catholic vote . Joe Biden is part of the Vatican II generation of Catholics , reared on the lofty ambitions of the 1960s . After the Vatican II council , the church reformed its liturgy to encourage greater participation of the laity and make the Mass more accessible . For many Catholics , evangelization and catechism became less important than charity and social activism . Some , like Biden , have even accepted homosexuality and abortion as part of society 's slow evolution toward justice for all . "  The animating principle of my faith , " he said in 2008 , "  as taught to me by church and home , was that the cardinal sin was abuse of power . " This commitment to egalitarian democracy could even make him a critic of the hierarchy of the Catholic Church . Although he carries his rosary everywhere and attends Mass on Sunday , Biden struggles with the concept of obedience . "  There are elements within the church who say that if you are at odds with any of the teachings of the church , you are at odds with the church , " he told an interviewer . "  I think the church is bigger than that . " On the campaign trail , Biden 's Catholicism expresses itself in public attendance at ethnic Catholic events like the St Patrick 's Day parade in Pittsburgh . But he also recently took time out to eat ice cream with the nuns of Dubuque . Some interpreted this as a private "  thank you " for the support many sisters have shown for Obamacare , contradicting the public position of their bishops . It 's also notable that Biden 's Catholicism was invoked by many commentators after his embrace of same-sex marriage , as if he spoke for a generation of Catholics who have come to terms with social change . When it comes to the culture war , Biden enjoys a certain amount of soft power . Belief : Paul Ryan will provoke a debate on Catholic politics By contrast , Paul Ryan 's engagement with the Catholic power is all hard power . His rhetoric is steeped in conservative historicism and theology . He explained his legislative philosophy to Townhall Magazine this way , "  As a congressman and Catholic layman , I really feel that Catholic social truths are in accord with the ` self-evident truths ' our Founders bequeathed to us at our nation 's founding : independence , limited government and the dignity and freedom of every human person . " Ergo , his budget proposals are n't just good bookkeeping , he says . They are both American and Christian . When Paul Ryan was growing up , the charismatic , anti-communist John Paul II was Pope . His traditionalist ethos has been continued and expanded under Benedict XVI , who has talked seriously of the church becoming smaller but purer . In this context , Republicanism and Catholicism find synergy -- and Ryan is its embodiment . He has a large family , boasts a 100 % percent prolife voting record , and supported the constitutional ban on same-sex marriage . Ryan also is happy to lend his Catholic moral theology credentials to his new boss , who sometimes struggles to strike a chord with religious voters . Belief : GOP 's non-Protestant ticket changes meaning of ` values ' During his Norfolk speech accepting Mitt Romney 's nod , Ryan got big applause for his promise to help "  save the American dream . " But he got much bigger applause for this statement : "  Our rights come from nature and God , not government . " It 's a neat appropriation of the Catholic belief that dignity is a gift from God , for the sake of rallying conservatives of all backgrounds . For those who like their state small , it suggests contempt for the civil rights-guaranteeing federal leviathan . For those who want it just large enough to outlaw same-sex marriage and abortion , it promises a Christian approach to governance . Whereas Biden meets privately with nuns and emphasizes a private faithfulness , Ryan puts his Catholicism right out in the open -- and he attracts some evangelical support for doing it . Does any of this matter ? In a tight election , perhaps . In 2004 , George W. Bush made a big play for churchgoing Catholics , hitting themes of sexual and social conservatism . The result was that a  the Catholic vote was just as important in deciding the election as the evangelical vote and b  Catholic voting split along lines of church attendance . Overall , Bush won the Catholic vote 52 % to 47 % , a vital factor in a relatively close election . So Biden and Ryan present opportunities and challenges for their tickets . Biden will appeal to those Catholics  some say , a silent majority  who define themselves as faithful but who are also tolerant of cultural difference . But precisely because his appeal is n't strictly religious , it may fail to stir excitement on the campaign trail . For Ryan , the visibility of his faith wo n't be a problem . But he will have to find a way of expanding its appeal beyond social conservatives . As former Bush strategist Deal Hudson writes , he still has to find a way of reconciling his fiscal conservatism to Catholicism 's empathy for the powerless and poor . If he sticks to purely moral themes , while also pushing for budget cuts , his brand of Catholic fervor may come across as all fire and brimstone and no heart . In an age of recession , that may not generate the votes that he and Romney need to win . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tim Stanley .	Tim Stanley : The VP candidates reflect divide between liberal and conservative Catholicism He says Biden is a post-Vatican II Catholic aimed at social justice and accessible faith He says Ryan hews to traditional Catholicism ; record is anti-abortion , anti-gay marriage Stanley : Ryan will have to show social compassion with fiscal conservatism
Around the world , aid agencies are dispatching teams to the Philippines with one initial overriding objective : Gain access to the areas hit by Super Typhoon Haiyan and understand what has happened . The Philippines government estimates that as many as 11.3 million people have been affected , and we know that at least 28 million people were within the storm 's path . A minimum of 670,000 people are displaced and 41,000 houses are damaged , with about half destroyed . And total casualty numbers continue to vary wildly , depending on different sources . Getting a handle on a crisis on this scale is hard , but it 's made even harder when you 're working in an archipelago in a country that is relatively poor with weak infrastructure . That 's the challenge in the Philippines , where we are facing decimated services on a truly terrifying scale . The images you have seen are only from areas we have accessed . Worse may be around the corner . Opinion : For Filipinos , despair and prayers Organizations such as the International Rescue Committee have learned a great deal from responding to past catastrophes , from the earthquake in Haiti and floods in Pakistan in 2010 to the Indian Ocean tsunami in 2004 . Where state resilience and infrastructure are weak , the immediate concern , beyond first aid for those harmed in the first wave of destruction , is recovering , maintaining and reconstructing basic water and sanitation services . A cholera outbreak is always a threat , and other diseases such as typhoid are often the first killers to emerge . So the initial work is basic -- clearing debris and understanding what services are working and what are n't . The IRC will typically look to mobilize the local community by offering cash for work to clear roads and kick-start a microeconomy . This puts cash back in pockets so people can start to rebuild their lives , where they can , and rekindle economic activity . The second priority is to assess and reinforce health care systems . The government of the Philippines has defined the typhoon event as a national calamity , and there will be thousands of casualties desperately in need of first aid . Many survivors would be ill and reliant on a health service that the typhoon has destroyed . So , securing and providing medication for chronic conditions such as diabetes , which can quickly become life threatening if left without attention , is crucial . We are already hearing reports of closed hospitals without power and fears of electrocution if the power is switched back on . Reports indicate that aid agencies will be able to access a robust pharmaceuticals market based out of the capital of Manila , but the supply of medical supplies and infrastructure tools will quickly dry up . No country can be fully prepared for disasters of this scale , so aid agencies will call for and coordinate international flights and shipments of the medicines and resources that are in the shortest supply or that have already run out . This process is expensive and requires serious financial support and logistical assistance . It will require donations from people who can afford to help as well as the offer of military-scale logistical assistance from governments that can help . When they lose their home and their family , people also often lose hope . Where food has run out , electricity cut off and communications down , then looting , violence and theft become an immediate danger . The IRC will be assessing the nature and locations of these threats to alert the government and work with partners to offer protection services . We consider the vulnerability of women and girls to be front and center in our emergency response , as we know that in emergencies gender-based violence tragically increases . It may sound dull , but ensuring we are transparent and accountable to the communities we are serving is critical . If the people tell us we are n't serving their needs , we need to listen and adapt our approach . So we immediately set up systems to ensure that the people we are trying to help are part of shaping our response . Like many disasters , the event itself lasted only a few hours , but the response will take many years to achieve what it must . So this is a long-term project . Right now , we need to first save lives . At the IRC , we have launched an immediate appeal for $ 10 million . You can donate here . We will then begin the greater task of helping the Philippines rebuild their lives and to be better prepared for next time .	More than 11 million people in the Philippines are affected by Super Typhoon Haiyan Bob Kitchen : We are facing decimated services on a truly terrifying scale He says first we need to save lives , then provide basic water and sanitation services Kitchen : No country can be fully prepared for such a disaster ; recovery will take years
Mental Floss  -- They say that truth is stranger than fiction . And while we 're not exactly sure when that phrase was coined , we 're guessing it was after reading about these guys and gals . Charles Dickens reportedly gave Edgar Allan Poe "  the bird " idea for famous poem . 1 . Thomas Hardy When British poet and novelist Thomas Hardy died on January 11 , 1928 , his literary contemporaries decided he was too important to be buried in his hometown 's simple churchyard . But the good people of Dorset , where Hardy had spent nearly all of his 88 years , vehemently disagreed . So the two groups reached a grisly compromise . The author 's body was cremated , and his ashes were interred in the Poet 's Corner of Westminster Abbey . Hardy 's heart , on the other hand , was placed inside a small casket and buried beside the grave of his first wife in a Dorset churchyard . To this day , a rumor persists that the author 's heart was accidentally devoured by his housekeeper 's cat , and that the heart of a pig was buried in its place . 2 . Horatio Alger , Jr. . Apparently , the author of more than 120 "  rags-to-riches " books featuring hard-working , highly moral young heroes was also an admitted pederast . Before finding success as an author , Alger was a minister at a Unitarian Church in Brewster , Massachusetts , where he was accused of sexually assaulting two young boys . Alger admitted his guilt , but left town before the news hit the street . Later , he wound up in New York City , where he penned hundreds of best-selling books for and about young boys , which went on to grace the shelves of homes , schools and church libraries across America . 3 . Sherwood Anderson Best known for his collection of short stories , Winesburg , Ohio , and for mentoring such literary heavyweights as Hemingway , Faulkner and Steinbeck , Anderson had a knack for unexpected exits . One day in November 1912 , while serving as president of the successful Anderson Manufacturing Co. , he simply got up and walked out of his office to pursue a career in writing . Years later , he made another sudden departure , this time during the middle of a South American voyage . At his farewell cocktail party , Anderson unknowingly swallowed a toothpick hidden within an hors d'oeuvre . The author sailed on , but the toothpick did n't , penetrating his intestines and causing peritonitis . Anderson became ill aboard ship and later died in a Panama hospital . 4 . Charles Dickens A number of pets graced the Dickens household over the years , including all manner of dogs , cats and ponies . But Charles ' favorite pets were his two ravens , both known as Grip . Dickens was particularly devoted to Grip I , going so far as to write the bird into his 1841 mystery novel , Barnaby Rudge . This same talkative bird reportedly was the inspiration for Edgar Allan Poe 's famous poem , "  The Raven , " published four years later . Upon Grip I 's demise , Dickens had his beloved bird stuffed . These days , Grip can be seen at the Free Library of Philadelphia 's Rare Books Department , where he stands guard over the Poe and Dickens collections . 5 . Flannery O'Connor Dickens apparently was n't the only well-known writer who had a fetish for fowl . Flannery O'Connor , author of 32 short stories including "  A Good Man Is Hard to Find " and "  Everything That Rises Must Converge , " developed a love for birds at a very young age . Growing up on her family 's estate in Georgia , O'Connor enjoyed playing with the chickens they raised there and reportedly taught one of them to walk backward , making the chicken somewhat of a local celebrity . But O'Connor had a special fondness for peacocks , which she often used in her fiction to represent Christ . When she returned to live on the family farm as an adult , she raised an unusually large flock of peacocks , which she tended to until her death in 1964 . Afterward , they were donated to various parks and monasteries around Georgia , but all were eventually killed by predators . 6 . O. Henry O. Henry  born William Sydney Porter  may have been the master of the popular short story form , but he was far less skilled when it came to money . While working as a bank teller in Houston , the fledgling author was accused of embezzling a few thousand dollars , prompting his rather sudden move to Honduras . But a few years later , when he came back to visit his dying wife , he was arrested and sentenced to five years in prison . It was here that convict Porter assumed the pen name O. Henry . His incarceration offered him the time to write as well as a chance to mix with a slew of seedy characters , perfect fodder for his fiction . A model inmate , Porter was released in 1901 , after serving just three years . He passed away in 1910 with 600 stories , but reportedly only 33 cents , to his name . 7 . Langston Hughes Poet , playwright , novelist , essayist and all-around literary luminary , Langston Hughes achieved fame during the Harlem Renaissance . But before that , Hughes was a struggling young writer , working menial jobs to support his burgeoning poetry habit . In 1925 , while working at a restaurant in Washington D.C. , Hughes tucked a few of his poems under the dinner plate of then-reigning poet Vachel Lindsay . Lindsay shared the poems during his reading that night , and in the morning , Hughes was crowned Lindsay 's new discovery , the "  busboy poet . " Hughes went on to become one of America 's most prolific authors . Lindsay , however , died six years later after drinking a bottle of Lysol . 8 . Edith Wharton Edith Wharton , winner of the Pulitzer Prize for her 1920 novel The Age of Innocence , is famous for her vivid stories and novels about upper-class society in the late 19th century . It was a setting she knew well , coming from a wealthy and distinguished New England family . But the high society author had a lesser-known career as a humanitarian . During World War I , Wharton traveled to the Western Front in France , both to write about the battlefields for American publications and to help the Red Cross create hostels and schools for those displaced by war . In 1916 , she was awarded the Legion of Honor , France 's highest civilian appointment , years before the height of her literary career . 9 . Charlotte Bronte Charlotte Bronte may have been the author of the romantic classic Jane Eyre , but she was not well served by love herself . In fact , it more or less killed her . In June of 1854 , a starry-eyed Bronte married her father 's curate and soon became pregnant . During her pregnancy , she fell ill , and according to her earliest biographer , Elizabeth Gaskell , she was attacked by "  sensations of perpetual nausea and ever-recurring faintness . " The elder Bronte sister 's nausea was so overwhelming , in fact , that the author could n't eat or even smell food without becoming violently ill . On March 31 , 1855 , a dehydrated , malnourished and severely exhausted Charlotte Bronte died at the age of 38 . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Famous author O. Henry accused of embezzling , sent to prison Langston Hughes tucked poetry under plate of famous poet at restaurant Sherwood Anderson killed by a toothpick in hors d'oeuvre
CNN  -- Michael Schumacher , the most successful driver in Formula 1 history , is in critical condition after suffering severe head trauma in a skiing accident in the French Alps on Sunday , hospital officials said . The 44-year-old German , who retired from the elite motorsport for the second time in 2012 , fell and hit his head on a rock , said the director of the Meribel resort where Schumacher was skiing . Schumacher was in a coma when he arrived at the University Hospital Center of Grenoble and required immediate brain surgery , hospital officials said in a written statement . But doctors have n't released details about his injuries or his prognosis . Resort director Christophe Gernignon-Lecomte said the incident happened while Schumacher was skiing off-piste  on unmarked slopes  Sunday morning in the mountains of Meribel resort between Georges Bauduis Piste and La Biche Piste . Gernignon-Lecomte told CNN the racing star was wearing a helmet when he hit his head . Rescuers reached him minutes later and airlifted him to a nearby hospital , he said . It 's unclear what caused the accident , the resort director said . "  We have to wait for a police report , " he said . "  There is an open investigation going on . We insist on the fact that Michael Schumacher was skiing off-piste and his fall is not linked to an avalanche . " Schumacher 's spokesperson Sabine Kehm released a statement to the official F1 website , confirming the accident had happened on "  a private ski trip . " "  He was taken to hospital and is receiving professional medical care , " she said . "  We ask for understanding that we can not give continuous information about his health . He was wearing a helmet and was not alone . For his fall , no other person was involved . " A spokesman for the first-aid responders in Meribel -- who asked not to be named as a matter of protocol -- confirmed that Schumacher was wearing a helmet . He said Schumacher had been transferred from the Hospital of Moutiers to the Grenoble Hospital , where there is a trauma center . The spokesman added that the injury was "  not life-threatening " and that Schumacher was conscious at the scene of the accident . Former French F1 driver Olivier Panis visited the hospital in Grenoble but was not able to see Schumacher , BFM reported . "  I will come back tomorrow . Yes I am worried , " Panis told BFM . "  I know that his family has arrived . As I am here in Grenoble , I want to come to him and say hello , for old times ' sake . He is a great champion and someone very loved in Formula 1 . " Schumacher made his F1 debut in 1991 and had won a record seven world titles by the time of his first retirement in 2006 -- five of those with Ferrari . He returned to the track with the revived Mercedes team in 2010 , but struggled to repeat his earlier glories . His best finish was third place at last year 's European Grand Prix in Valencia , his only podium position in three seasons with the German manufacturer . Sunday 's accident occurred at a popular ski resort in an area known for its challenging slopes . "  The great majority of it is above treeline . which basically means it 's literally higher than where trees will grow . And the result is that if you are anything less than a really experienced skier , it 's very easy to lose your bearings , because you do n't see much in the way of vegetation around you or anything else , " said Paul Hochman , a former contributing editor at SKI Magazine . "  It 's just literally all white , all snow . " British journalist Kevin Garside told CNN that Schumacher is "  a very good skier " but acknowledged that he is "  fearless " -- like most F1 drivers . "  These people do n't recognize fear like you and I do . There is no gene in their body that lets them go slow , " Garside said . "  Schumacher was n't a skier when he joined Ferrari  in 1996  but by the end he was excellent . Each year Ferrari used to have a media week in the Alps in Italy and they would always have a race -- and it was always Schumacher who won . He was a genuinely quick skier . "  But he was always very mindful of the danger around him . I approached him for an interview at the top of the slope and he said it would have to be quick as he wanted to check the piste . That meant he wanted to make sure he understood the slopes , the cambers , even though it was only a fun race . " CNN 's Elwyn Lopez , Jonathan Mann and Christina Macfarlane contributed to this report .	Hospital officials say Michael Schumacher required immediate brain surgery The Formula One legend is in critical condition , the hospital says German suffers head injury off-piste in the French resort town of Meribel Resort 's director says 44-year-old hit his head on a rock after falling
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday granted a request to delay enforcement of an appeals court ruling that overturned Virginia 's same-sex marriage ban . That means gay and lesbian couples can not legally wed in the state for now . The Richmond-based U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit last month struck down Virginia 's voter-approved ban , following what other state and federal judges have done in the past year when finding such laws to be unconstitutional . The high court in coming weeks or months will announce whether it will have the final word , and accept pending petitions from one or more various states , including Virginia , to review their bans on same-sex marriage . A binding ruling from the justices on the constitutional issues would be one of the most contentious and closely watched from the Supreme Court in recent years , and could apply to all 31 current states that forbid same-sex marriage . Judges hear four states defend same-sex marriage bans Virginia 's situation was somewhat unique since the state 's governor and attorney general have refused to defend the ban in court . That left the court clerk in Prince William County -- a suburb of Washington -- to ask the high court for temporary legal relief . Lawyers for the clerk applauded the Supreme Court 's intervention . "  Virginians deserve an orderly and fair resolution to the question of whether they will remain free to preserve marriage as the union of a man and a woman in their laws , " said Byron Babione , senior counsel of the Alliance Defending Freedom . "  The Supreme Court acted wisely in restraining the lower court from implementing a ruling of this magnitude before the high court has a chance to decide the issue . " But Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring also supported postponing any same-sex marriages until the issue is fully settled . "  Although it is painful to keep Virginia 's same-sex couples and their children waiting any longer to enjoy the rights guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment , the rule of law requires that this court be afforded the time needed to settle the question , " said Herring . The appeals ruling covered marriage laws in those states within the court 's jurisdiction : Virginia , Maryland , West Virginia , North Carolina and South Carolina . Only Maryland has legalized same-sex marriage . The divided three-judge panel had concluded that same-sex marriage "  makes some people deeply uncomfortable . However , inertia and apprehension are not legitimate bases for denying same-sex couples due process and equal protection of the laws . " Gay rights groups urged swift action from the justices . "  This Supreme Court 's stay of yet another freedom to marry ruling underscores the urgency of the court 's granting a full review and bringing the country to national resolution by next year , " said Evan Wolfson , president of Freedom to Marry . "  It is time for the Supreme Court to affirm what more than thirty courts have held in the past year : marriage discrimination violates the Constitution , harms families , and is unworthy of America . " The Virginia prohibition has effectively been in place since Colonial days , but only incorporated into the state 's constitution in 2006 . Elton John : Jesus would support same-sex marriage The appeals decision continued a near-unbroken string of state and federal court victories nationwide in the past year , giving marriage-equality supporters unbridled encouragement that their ultimate goal will be achieved : striking all laws limiting the rights of homosexuals to wed. . The issue has been moving swiftly in the judicial front . A federal appeals court on August 6 heard arguments in same-sex marriage bans in four states : Ohio , Michigan , Kentucky , and Tennessee . A ruling is due by year 's end . A separate appeals court early next month will hear two other Western states defend current prohibitions : Idaho and Nevada . , and Oregon . Same-sex marriage is legal in 19 U.S states plus the District of Columbia : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Vermont , and Washington state . The challenge to Virginia 's ban was brought by several plaintiffs , including Timothy Bostic and Tony London of Norfolk .	Supreme Court stays enforcement of decision overturning Virginia gay marriage ban An appeals court in Richmond ruled the prohibition unconstitutional The Supreme Court could have the final word on same-sex marriage bans
CNN  -- The Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 disaster is a poignant reminder of the randomness of fortune and misfortune . But it also serves as a prelude to an emerging security environment marked by irregular warfare , proliferated high-end technology and complex economic and energy dependencies that will complicate decision-making among allied nations and confound coherent approaches to grand strategy . Indeed , the tragedy has underscored the challenges of a new era in which the line between state and nonstate actors is increasingly blurred . From Syria to Iraq , Gaza to Ukraine , nonstate militias and separatists wage shadow wars using sophisticated technologies that were formerly the monopoly of states . This new era is particularly apparent in the case of Flight 17 , allegedly downed by a Russian SA-11 surface-to-air missile fired by Ukrainian rebels . The downing , which killed all 298 people aboard , is a reminder that small groups -- often exhibiting less restraint than state actors -- can acquire high-tech weaponry of great lethality and precision , which can be deployed so quickly people may not have time to make measured decisions . As technology continues to progress and spread , this challenge will become even more acute . With the proliferation of unmanned and , particularly , autonomous systems that will reduce the role of human input , it will be even easier to imagine senseless acts of irreversible killing , either to achieve a political cause  terrorism or insurgency  or out of sheer happenstance and miscalculation . Once missiles and armed drones strike their target , neither the casualties nor the consequences can be undone . The blurring of state and nonstate actors may also increase the difficulty of determining who is responsible , as can be seen in the ongoing Flight 17 investigation . Ironically , in the era of big data , governments may find it harder to identify -- or at least to prove with a sufficient degree of confidence -- who actually pulled the trigger in a given act of armed aggression or political violence . Recent events in East Asia provide further evidence of these developments . While most observers believe that North Korea used a mini-submarine to sink a South Korean corvette , the Cheonan , in March 2010 , some were unwilling to be convinced even by an exhaustive international forensic investigation .  North Korea denied responsibility .  Conspiracies and propaganda -- disseminated across ever-expanding social media platforms -- fill the void , leaving people to believe what they want . Escalation may be more likely and deterrence may be more susceptible to failure under such conditions . One chilling possibility is that a future attack , perhaps involving a nuclear device , might trigger an interstate war without definitive proof of who really instigated the fateful first blow . In an instant war , moreover , once conflict appears to have started , there may well be an incentive for some actors to "  use it or lose it , " particularly in the absence of an existential threat of mutual assured destruction . In addition to the challenges highlighted by the Malaysian jet downing , the emerging security environment will be characterized by an unprecedented level of globalization and connectivity . And while the dark side of globalization has long been identified , the connectivity that fuels our century also threatens us . In an era of increasingly capable cyberwarfare capabilities that can be executed by nonstate actors and individuals , malicious and potentially lethal attacks may be facilitated through the Internet . Many of these may be difficult or even impossible to trace back to specific entities , and even when attribution is possible , the political costs of a response may be high . The recent controversial move by the United States to indict five members of China 's military on charges of cyber-espionage demonstrates the challenges of imposing costs on a subset of actors without upsetting other and often larger goals , such as cooperative China-U.S. relations . The convergence of these factors will complicate the difficulty of alliance decision-making in the years to come , as differing threat assessments , dependencies , interests and standards for international involvement lead states to pursue competing policies , as in France 's decision to deliver Mistral warships to Russia despite broader European calls for an arms embargo . There are many lessons to be learned from Flight 17 's tragic end over Ukraine . But perhaps one central takeaway is that we are witnessing the end of an era of traditional state power , and entering a new era that could place us only a few short missteps away from cascading into more lethal and disruptive conflicts . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Authors : Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 disaster may be sign of more instability and danger ahead They say nonstate groups can get access to lethal weaponry and inflict serious damage Rules of deterrence that inhibit state leaders from risky behavior may not apply , they say Authors : It may be harder to trace incidents of terror and violence back to their source
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama worked behind closed doors to win support among key House Democrats for his health care reform plan Thursday , one day after urging Congress to hold a final up or down vote on the measure . The administration also ratcheted up its campaign against private health insurance companies , summoning a group of CEOs to the White House and asking them to justify recent rate increases . Senior Democrats , meanwhile , continued to give optimistic predictions about the fate of the president 's top domestic priority . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Congress is "  on the brink of making very important history . " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said he thinks the House of Representatives is on schedule to pass the Senate health care bill before Obama leaves for an overseas trip March 18 . Asked to describe Obama 's strategy for convincing wavering Democrats , Gibbs said the president is simply describing "  the benefits of the legislation " and "  why it 's important for our country . " "  I have confidence that -LSB- Congress will understand -RSB- what 's good for them and good for America , " Gibbs added . On Wednesday , Obama urged Congress to bring the yearlong debate on health care reform to a close . He argued that his nearly $ 1 trillion proposal is a compromise plan that combines the best ideas of Democrats and Republicans . He also came out in support of a legislative bypass known as reconciliation , which would allow changes to the health care bill to be passed by the Senate with only 51 votes , a simple majority . "  At stake right now is not just our ability to solve this problem but our ability to solve any problem , " he said . "  The American people want to know if it 's still possible for Washington to look out for their interests and their future . They are waiting for us to act . " Top Republicans have said repeatedly that Obama 's proposal amounts to a government takeover of the private health care system that will do little to control spiraling medical inflation . In recent weeks , they have repeated their calls for the president to scrap his plan and start over . GOP leaders also fiercely oppose the use of reconciliation , arguing that it was never meant to be used for such a major policy change . Multiple Democratic sources have said the emerging consensus plan is for the House of Representatives to pass the Senate bill and send it to Obama . A package of changes that mirror the president 's plan would then be passed through both chambers under reconciliation rules . Pelosi said Thursday that she feels very confident that the changes passed under reconciliation "  will satisfy -LSB- House -RSB- members ' concerns about the Senate bill . " Democrats increasingly raised the possibility of using reconciliation after losing their 60-vote filibuster-proof Senate majority in January , when GOP Sen. Scott Brown won the Massachusetts Senate seat held by the late Sen. Ted Kennedy , a Democrat . Observers note , however , that it remains unclear exactly which health care provisions can be approved under reconciliation , which is reserved for legislation pertaining to the budget . Senate Republicans can also propose an unlimited number of amendments to bills brought up under the procedure . Another potential problem for Democratic leaders is abortion . House Democrats in favor of abortion restrictions have warned repeatedly that they can not vote for the Senate health care bill . The bill that passed the House would prohibit abortion coverage in policies made available through health insurance exchanges to people receiving federal subsidies . The less restrictive Senate bill would allow individuals purchasing plans through the exchanges to pay for abortion coverage out of their own funds . Most observers do not believe that abortion provisions in the health care bills can be changed under the rules of reconciliation . Pelosi tried Thursday to assuage the concerns of abortion-rights opponents . "  If you believe that there should be no federal funding of abortion , and if you believe there should be no change in the -LSB- current federal -RSB- policy , and if you believe that we need health care all for Americans , we will pass the bill , " she said . "  And we will pass the bill . "	White House steps up campaign against private health insurance companies Obama works to win support among key House Democrats for his plan Pelosi : Congress is "  on the brink of making very important history " Pelosi tries to ease concerns of abortion-rights opponents
CNN  -- The oil spill on the Gulf Coast has states and visitors bureaus working hard to keep the public updated and reassure beach-bound travelers . Here are some of the latest updates from destinations affected by the oil disaster : Northwest Florida Oil has affected sections of Pensacola Beach and Perdido Key beaches , according to the Pensacola Bay Area Convention and Visitors Bureau . Photos from the area showed patches of dark , syruplike oil on the white sand , but local officials said the situation is getting better . "  Our beaches continue to improve hourly as the crews clean up , " said Ed Schroeder , director of Visit Pensacola , in a statement on the bureau 's website . On Thursday , yellow tape blocked about a quarter mile of the beach to public access , CNN affiliate WPMI-TV reported . Local officials said the temporary closure was put in place to speed up the cleanup process . Pensacola Beach is open , but the waters from the Park West recreation area to the area just west of Portofino are closed to all swimming and wading until further notice because of large quantities of emulsified oil in shore waters and along the shoreline , the visitors bureau said . "  The shoreline and water along Santa Rosa Sound on the north side of the island is still clean , clear and open for swimming , " according to the bureau 's website . iReport : Share your photos of affected beaches A no-swimming notice has been issued for Destin Beach because of the presence of "  tar chips , " according to the website of the Emerald Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau , which represents the destination . There were no reported oil impacts along beaches of south Walton County on Friday morning , the area 's Tourist Development Council said on its website . The health advisory issued this week for a stretch of beach in the western end of the county has been lifted after two consecutive , clean high-tide cycles , the council said . Meanwhile , small scattered tar balls and oil patches have affected Panama City Beach , but the beaches are open and the swimming is still safe , the area 's visitors bureau website said . "  Our sugary white sand beaches are open for the enjoyment of our guests and , as of now , we are seeing only intermittent impact , " according to the bureau . iReport : A slick trip to Perdido Key Tar balls , tar patties and tar mousse -- a puddinglike oil-water mixture -- continue to be found in northwest Florida , with the heaviest impacts reported between Escambia and Walton counties , according to Visit Florida , the state 's tourism corporation . All of the state 's beaches remain open . Gulf Islands National Seashore All of the Gulf Islands National Seashore sites , which are in Florida and Mississippi , are open , the National Park Service 's website said . But several spots have been affected by the oil spill . A health advisory is in effect from Walkover 23 on Pensacola Beach , Florida , to the west tip of Santa Rosa Island including Fort Pickens . This advisory extends to the Perdido Key area , including Johnson Beach . "  Because of significant quantities of oil in the water and coming ashore signage and flags advise visitors to not wade or swim in the water , " according to the park . Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama Gulf Shores and Orange Beach have experienced significant oiling , according to the Alabama Gulf Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau . "  The beaches are open and visitors are still welcome to sunbathe and walk the beach , but we strongly suggest they swim in a pool or enjoy our many off-beach activities , " the site said . The Alabama Department of Public Health has issued an advisory against swimming in waters off Gulf Shores , Orange Beach and Fort Morgan , and in bay waters close to Fort Morgan , Bayou St. John , Terry Cove , Cotton Bayou and Old River . Grand Isle , Louisiana The oil 's biggest impact in Louisiana is on the portion of the coast from the mouth of the Mississippi River extending east , according to a state emergency website . "  Most of the Louisiana Gulf Coast , 70 percent , is unaffected by the oil spill and remains open for commercial and recreational fishing , " according to the Cajun Coast Visitors and Convention Bureau website . Grand Isle has closed its public beach , the site said .	NEW : A no-swimming notice has been issued for Destin Beach , Florida Oil affects sections of Pensacola Beach and Perdido Key beaches in Florida Some waters closed to swimming because of emulsified oil along the shoreline Health officials have issued advisory against swimming in Alabama Gulf waters
CNN  -- Italy 's MotoGP star Marco Simoncelli was killed in a crash on the second lap of the Malaysian MotoGP Sunday . The tragic accident happened when Simoncelli came off at Turn 11 of the Sepang circuit while in fourth place . His Honda bike swerved across the track and he was hit by fellow competitors Colin Edwards and Valentino Rossi . Simoncelli , 24 , had his helmet knocked off in the crash and he lay motionless on the track . American Edwards also fell but escaped serious injury , while former multi-world champion Rossi returned unhurt to the pits on his Ducati . The race was abandoned and Simoncelli was given emergency treatment at the track 's medical center , but it was to no avail . "  Marco Simoncelli succumbed to injuries sustained in the Malaysian MotoGP , " read a short statement on the official MotoGP website to confirm the fatality . It came just a week after the tragic death of two-time Indianapolis 500 champion Dan Wheldon at a race in Las Vegas . On the same day , 2010 MotoGP champion Jorge Lorenzo crashed as he warmed up for last week 's round in Australia and sustained a serious hand injury . Lorenzo 's misfortune meant Australian Casey Stoner wrapped up the world title with two races still to go , Sunday 's race in Malaysia , and the final round in Spain . Rossi , a seven-time world champion in motorcycling 's elite category , left the track devastated by the accident involving his fellow Italian and "  good friend " Simoncelli . Rossi 's team manager at Ducati , Vittoriano Gureschi , gave his reaction . "  Valentino is shocked by this incident . Valentino is a strong man but this incident is a big tragedy . He has lost a good friend , " he said . The Italian sports community was left stunned by Simoncelli 's death and a minute 's silence was held at all major events , including Serie A football games .	Italy 's Marco Simoncelli dies after an accident at Malaysian Grand Prix Simoncelli came off on second lap while in fourth place He was struck by the bikes of fellow competitors Colin Edwards and Valentino Rossi Official MotoGP website reported he had ` succumbed ' to his injuries
Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic  CNN  -- Preliminary results for Sunday 's presidential election in the Dominican Republic gave former lawmaker Danilo Medina an early lead . Polls closed at 6 p.m. ET in the race , which shaped up as a two-man contest between political veterans . Medina and former Dominican Republic President Hipolito Mejia were in a close race heading into election day . Four other candidates , between them , did n't surpass 5 % in the polls . With close to half of the ballots counted Sunday night , Medina led with more than 51 % of the vote , versus Mejia 's 47 % . A candidate must garner 50 % of the vote plus 1 to avoid a second round of voting . The election is a rematch of the 2000 presidential contest , where Mejia defeated Medina . Since the end of Mejia 's term in 2004 , the presidency has been held by Leonel Fernandez , of the centrist Dominican Liberation Party , the same party that Medina belongs to . Mejia represents the left-leaning Dominican Revolutionary Party . Some see the candidates as similar in some respects , but passions nonetheless on both sides are strong . "  The truth is that in the Dominican Republic , I would say the national pastime is not baseball . The national sport is politics , " said Mauricio De Vegoechea , a political analyst . The boisterous campaigns stretched from the island to New York , where there is a large population of Dominicans . Ahead of Sunday 's vote , some 200 foreign electoral observers were in the country , and 60,000 police and troops were deployed for security . "  The big difference , obviously , is that one of these candidates was already president and showed us who he was , and the other candidate has certainly been close to the government , but has never held the executive position and is known as a very qualified official , " said Javier Cabreja , president of the civic group Citizens ' Participation . Mejia , 71 , the former president , has a background in agriculture . He served a previous administration as minister of agriculture , and became involved in politics at an early age . Medina , 60 , was elected to four-year terms as a lawmaker in 1986 , 1990 and 1994 . He also served as president of the country 's House of Representatives . He twice served as secretary of state . There are more than 6 million registered voters in the country . Dominicans living abroad were allowed to cast their votes as well , so much attention was paid by the candidates to the Dominican population in the United States , and particularly in New York . About 5 % of registered voters live outside the island . "  A lot of my family lives in Santo Domingo , that 's our homeland , and we have to support our brothers who are there , working hard , " one voter in New York said . According to the International Monetary Fund , the Dominican Republic is expected to grow between 3.5 % and 4 % this year . Campaign issues have included discussions whether that growth is trickling down to the average citizen . "  I want there to be in my country social security , better education and better medical services , " said another New York Dominican voter , Johnny Hinojosa . CNN 's Camilo Egana and Maria Santana contributed to this report .	NEW : Preliminary results give former lawmaker Danilo Medina an early lead The election is a rematch of the 2000 elections Dominican populations abroad play an important role in voting The winner will need to garner 50 % of the vote plus 1
CNN  -- The lawyer for Bryan Stow , the San Francisco Giants fan severely beaten at a Los Angeles Dodgers game in 2011 , argued Thursday that the former owners of the Dodgers went cheap on safety , and that played a factor in his client 's debilitating injuries . The attorney for former Dodgers owner Frank McCourt , meanwhile , countered by claiming Stow was drunk and aggressive at the time of the brawl that left Stow brain-damaged and disabled . So went the opening remarks at a civil trial in which Stow is suing the Dodgers and claiming the team had faulty security measure and defective facilities that contributed to the attack . Stow , who uses a wheelchair and lives with his parents in Capitola , California , was n't in the courtroom , located two miles from Dodgers Stadium . Stow 's attorney 's , Thomas Girardi , told a jury that McCourt had an irresponsible approach to fan safety . "  He  got rid of uniformed officers in  Dodger Stadium  because it was cheaper , " said Thomas Girardi in his opening statement . Girardi argued that under McCourt , the Dodgers dropped the number of uniformed security officers from 120 in 2009 to 19 in 2011 . Girardi said Stow 's lawsuit is not against the current Dodger organization and its management group that includes NBA legend Magic Johnson . But the lawyer for McCourt and his former Dodgers management argued his clients acted reasonably , and called Stow intoxicated and aggressive before the assault . Stow 's blood alcohol level was at least 0.16 , which is twice the legal threshold for DUI in California , attorney Dana Fox said . "  This occurred due to a hot tempered , intoxicated flash firefight , " attorney Fox told the jury . Fox argued the McCourt Dodgers spent a record $ 66,000 dollars on 2011 opening-day security against the rival Giants -- the day when Stow was severely beaten . Stow 's mother , Elizabeth Stow , testified her son can not walk or use the toilet unassisted . Stow wears adult diapers all day and a catheter at night , the mother said . "  He just does n't have the sense that he had to go to the bathroom right now , " Stow 's mother , a former church secretary , said . Stow takes what seems to be an alphabet-long list of prescription drugs daily , from Ambien to Xarelto , she said . He takes 27 to 28 medicines a day , she added . Fox said no one disputes that the two men now serving time for the savage attack caused Stow 's injuries , and he emphasized that no one from the Dodgers organization assaulted the former paramedic . In February , Marvin Norwood , 33 , and Louie Sanchez , 31 , were sentenced to four years and eight years , respectively , for their roles in Stow 's beating . Stow 's lawyer argued Thursday that Norwood and Sanchez began swearing and throwing food at Giants ' fans in the second inning of the 2011 game and should have been thrown out by stadium security then . The lawsuit seeks a total of $ 50 million , mostly to cover Stow 's long-term medical costs , for him and his two children . Dad of severely beaten Giants fan calls two sentenced men ` cretins '	Giants fan Bryan Stow was beaten after opening-day game with the Dodgers in 2011 Two fans face prison terms in the beating of Stow , who suffered brain damage Stow is suing the Dodgers , claiming the team had faulty security measures and facilities Opening statements begin in a courtroom just two miles from Dodger Stadium
The United States will provide an additional $ 380 million in humanitarian assistance to help those affected by the war in Syria , Secretary of State John Kerry announced Wednesday . "  The humanitarian situation in Syria is an outrage that should offend every reasonable conscience , and the anguish of the Syrian people demands our collective action , " Kerry said at a donors ' conference in Kuwait . "  The Syrian people desperately need the global community to provide urgent humanitarian support , to press for a political solution that will put a stop to the violence , once and for all . " Kerry said the latest pledge brings the total American commitment to $ 1.7 billion . The money will fund relief for people inside Syria , as well as refugees and host communities in neighboring countries . Nations taking part in Wednesday 's conference pledged more than a $ 1.37 billion . Here 's the breakdown : Kuwait , $ 500 million United States , $ 380 million Saudi Arabia , $ 260 million United Kingdom , $ 164 million Qatar , $ 60 million Iraq , $ 13 million Finland , $ 7 million	Kerry calls the humanitarian situation in Syria "  an outrage " America 's commitment now totals $ 1.7 billion Donors ' conference pledges total more than $ 1.37 billion
CNN  -- After weeks of vague pronouncements on world events , President Obama finally spoke forcefully Wednesday . He delivered a strong statement about the horrendous beheadings of journalists Steven Sotloff and James Foley and spoke about what the U.S. planned to do with ISIS , the terror group which calls itself the Islamic State . "  It 's not only that we 're going to be bringing to justice those who perpetrated this terrible crime against these two fine young men , but more broadly the United States will continue to lead a regional and international effort against the barbaric and ultimately empty vision that  ISIS  represents , " he said . "  And that 's going to take some time , but we 're going to get it done . " In a speech later in the day , the president warned that NATO would respond to Russian aggression . The President needs to to be doing more of this kind of explaining , for both foreign and domestic policy . For too much of the time in recent weeks , he has been too focused on criticizing those who have questioned his policies . Obama has attacked Republicans for being obstructionists . He has taken on the news media for focusing on negative stories and repeating stories that are based on speculation , falsehood , and innuendo . He has even been attacking some Democrats for not being enthusiastic enough about what he has done . Not everything that he says is unfair or inaccurate . Indeed , congressional Republicans have been extremely obstructionist , making it impossible to accomplish virtually anything on Capitol Hill . "  Stop just hating all the time , " he mockingly said during a speech in Kansas City about domestic policy . The media have their virtues and they have their flaws , but reporters often do inflate crisis stories in an attempt to win over viewers and readers . Often small stories are exaggerated and false stories gain a full hearing on the airwaves . Regardless , these kinds of complaints only go so far . The truth is that every president faces immense challenges : every president faces unfair media , and congressional opponents are usually tough . None of this is really new . To be effective , great presidents still work over these problems to shape public debate and to provide guidance to voters on major issues of the day . At their best , they can be the explainers in chief . In doing so , presidents do not have to be dogmatic , idealistic or simplistic . They can help Americans understand the story even if they do n't have all the answers . This is a vital function that we expect of our leaders . Great presidents have done this in the past . During the Civil War , as Southerners and Northerners engaged in a brutal conflict over the institution of slavery , President Abraham Lincoln -- in a very different media age -- offered a series of cogent speeches that reminded Northerners of what they were fighting for while pointing to the need to restore the Union to its whole . "  It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us -- that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion -- that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain , that this nation under God shall have a new birth of freedom , and that government of the people , by the people , for the people shall not perish from the earth , " Lincoln said . As the nation descended into a horrible depression in the 1930s , President Franklin D. Roosevelt made bold speeches and took to the airwaves through fireside chats on the radio to restore a sense of confidence about how the nation would rebound from hard times . "  The only thing we have to fear is fear itself , " he said in one of the most memorable lines in American political history . His vision of the New Deal offered a powerful road map for how the federal government could flex its regulatory muscle to revitalize the foundation of the economy . President Lyndon Johnson used his flurry of domestic legislation in 1964 and 1965 -- which he called the Great Society -- to help Americans see how they could collectively work their way out of the social conflict and despair that afflicted huge pockets of the nation even in the best of economic times . LBJ , during the part of his presidency where he was popular , relied on legislation to show how the nation could help ameliorate the racial and economic disparities that were causing immense tensions throughout the nation . As Southerners engaged in brutal conflicts over civil rights for African-Americans , LBJ offered a powerful response , including a famous speech about voting rights in 1965 that highlighted how the government would step in to protect the rights of all Americans . "  Many of the issues of civil rights are very complex and most difficult , " he told Congress in the wake of the march on Selma , Alabama . "  But about this there can and should be no argument . Every American citizen must have an equal right to vote . There is no reason which can excuse the denial of that right . There is no duty which weighs more heavily on us than the duty we have to ensure that right . " President Ronald Reagan helped inspire his supporters to feel that the economic stagflation of the 1970s would not be permanent . As he took office in 1981 , many Americans felt little hope that there would ever be another period of vibrant economic growth or that the U.S. would ever regain its standing overseas . Through his fierce championing of tax cuts , deregulation and anti-communism , the President helped large portions of the public see how the future might be better . Supporters love the ideas of great presidents , opponents hate them . But most importantly , the effective leaders put a set of ideas on the table to help make sense of the inevitable and chronic chaos of world affairs . Obama needs to do more of what we heard Wednesday . With the emergence of ISIS in the Middle East , Russian aggression in Ukraine , and major domestic challenges such as poverty , inequality and race , Obama must step in . He should use the final years of his presidency to help create a foundation for the public to face these challenges and start thinking about a viable and rational path forward in coming years . The costs of remaining silent , of being too cool , are too high .	President Obama speaks out forcefully on Ukraine , ISIS on Wednesday Julian Zelizer : It 's about time the President focused on explaining , not blaming He says Obama has spent too much time recently criticizing media , GOP , others Zelizer : Americans look to their presidents to explain world events
Just yards from where thousands of pro-democracy supporters have been "  occupying " the heart of Hong Kong 's financial district , stands an imposing gray building surrounded on all sides by a high wall -- this is the Hong Kong garrison of the People 's Liberation Army  PLA  , China 's armed forces . The main gates of the base , known as the Prince of Wales barracks until London handed over the city to Beijing in 1997 , are guarded by heavily armed sentries in green combat fatigues , who stand statue-like with impassive expressions 24 hours a day , seven days a week . But despite the fact Hong Kong is a Chinese territory , the PLA garrison abides by local Hong Kong laws that emphasize the city 's considerable autonomy . In short they keep a low profile : the soldiers never come out onto the streets of the city , and there 's minimal interaction with the local population beyond the occasional open day . While there is nothing to suggest this will happen , the possible intervention of the 6,000 PLA troops believed stationed here has been the "  elephant in the room " for many , as we approach the first full week of pro-democracy demonstrations . For some protesters , memories are still fresh of 1989 and the brutal crackdown of student protests in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square . PLA arrives It was July 1 , 1997 when the main force of Chinese soldiers rolled across the border from the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen into Hong Kong , as Britain formally ceded control of the territory it had controlled since 1841 . Despite heavy rain , the convoy of green military trucks filled with soldiers clutching their rifles was met by crowds waving the flag of the nascent Special Administrative Region of Hong Kong : a white five-petal bauhinia flower on a red background . They headed for Hong Kong Island and their new base , which had earlier been vacated by a British military detachment and was now flying the flag of the People 's Republic of China . The barracks , located in Hong Kong 's Central district , are the garrison 's headquarters but many PLA personnel -- particularly naval and air force units -- are stationed at smaller facilities across the territory . While troop numbers remain constant , the garrison 's personnel are frequently rotated in and out of Hong Kong . According to the city 's governing legislative council , the first rotation was conducted in 1998 and 12 rotations have been made since then . OPINION : Leung : Emotion ` will get us nowhere ' Non interference Under the newly-created "  Basic Law , " a constitutional agreement that came into effect on July 1 , 1997 , the PLA garrison -- a mixture of personnel from PLA navy , ground and air forces -- is responsible for defense and to maintain the sovereignty , unity and territorial integrity of the State and the security of Hong Kong . While Article 14 of the Basic Law stipulates that the garrison "  shall not interfere in the local affairs of Hong Kong , " the Hong Kong government "  may , when necessary , ask the Central Government  Beijing  for assistance from the garrison in the maintenance of public order and disaster relief . " It then adds , "  the garrison shall perform its duties in accordance with the provisions of the national laws that the Central Government decides to apply in Hong Kong in the event that the Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress decides to declare a state of war or , by reason of turmoil within Hong Kong which endangers national unity or security and is beyond the control of the HKSAR Government , decides that Hong Kong is in a state of emergency . " However , Beijing has been at pains to emphasize that the current situation in Hong Kong is the responsibility of the local authorities to address . Since 1997 , China 's military presence in Hong Kong has been largely anonymous with little revealed about its daily operations -- with the exception of open days , when the city 's population is invited into the PLA 's barracks and given the opportunity to see its weaponry and meet soldiers . However , there have been signs in recent months that the PLA has started to be more high profile , with regular visits to the city 's Victoria Harbor by warships . Recent accounts of armored vehicles rumbling between bases across the city has prompted many to speculate whether this is a deliberate ploy by Beijing to make its presence felt .	Protesters gathering close to Hong Kong garrison of the People 's Liberation Army  PLA PLA garrison abides by local Hong Kong laws , though it can help maintain order if asked Memories are still fresh of 1989 and the brutal crackdown of Tiananmen protests Estimates put number of PLA troops stationed in Hong Kong at around 6,000
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Before Michael Jackson asked a doctor to treat his insomnia with propofol , he tried falling asleep to the physician reading him bedtime stories . The pop star 's desperate decades-long search for sleep ultimately led to his death when he overdosed on the surgical anesthetic on June 25 , 2009 . The trial to decide if Jackson 's last concert promoter is liable for his death is nearing an end after more than four months of testimony . AEG Live 's lawyers plan to rest their defense case this week , with Jackson lawyers presenting several rebuttal witnesses . Closing arguments are likely the last week of September . Dr. Barney Van Valin , whose video testimony was shown to jurors Friday , refused Jackson 's request for propofol infusions in 2003 , but six years later -- in Dr. Van Valin 's words -- another physician "  put him to sleep like a dog . " Jackson 's mother and three children contend AEG Live is liable for his death because the company hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter for Jackson 's propofol overdose . Murray told investigators he gave Jackson nightly infusions of the drug to treat his insomnia the last two months of his life . AEG Live lawyers argue Jackson , not their executives , chose and controlled Murray and that the company had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments in the privacy of the singer 's bedroom . The producers ignored warning signs that Jackson 's health was deteriorating , and instead of finding another doctor to intervene , they kept Murray and made him responsible for getting Jackson to rehearsals for his comeback concerts , the Jacksons contend . MJ and doctor were "  best friends " Dr. Van Valin 's practice is near the Neverland Ranch in Santa Barbara County , California , where Jackson lived until his acquittal in a child molestation trial in 2005 . "  We were best friends , you know , " Dr. Van Valin testified . "  I did n't have a better friend and I do n't think he did . " Jackson "  would just show up " at Van Valin 's home every week or so without warning , he said . The doctor would open his door to leave for work in the morning "  and he would just be standing there . " His driver told him once that Jackson had been waiting at his door for 35 minutes , not wanting to knock because he thought that was impolite . Van Valin 's children would stay home from school some days Jackson visited . "  I 'd come home from work and there 's Michael there at the house and they 're watching cartoons or , you know , eating pizza , " Van Valin said . At first it was a novelty , but after several years it was routine , he said . The doctor was asked under cross examination if Michael Jackson a good father . "  No , he is an amazing father , " he answered . "  Because I 'm a good father and he was better than me . He respected them and as they respected him and he would correct them gently . " Doctor : Jackson did n't fake pain to get drugs AEG Live 's defense includes the contention that Jackson cultivated friendships with doctors to gain access to drugs to feed a secretive addiction . But Van Valin denied Jackson ever used their friendship to get prescriptions to medication that were not clinically indicated . Although he was compelled to testify as a witness for AEG Live , Van Valin 's testimony boosted the Jackson case by showing that Jackson 's use of painkillers was medically justified by chronic pain suffered in a 1997 stage accident , Jackson lawyers said . The doctor said Jackson showed the "  classic symptoms of lower back pain " and an MRI study confirmed a bulge in a disc in his lower spine consistent with where his pain was . Dr. Van Valin said he never suspected Jackson was faking his pain to get painkiller shots . "  I looked for that because there are plenty of people that come in and try to scam me , so I 'm always looking for that , " he testified . While the doctor said "  nothing implied " that Jackson was abusing painkillers , there was one incident during house call in 2002 that caused him to suspect Jackson might be getting additional shots of the powerful opioid Demerol from another doctor . He noticed "  a little blood spot " on Jackson 's T-shirt after he gave him a shot , he said . "  I lifted it up and there 's a little Band-Aid over it and I said , ` Michael , ' I said , ` you have another doctor that gave you a shot . ' I said , ` You realize what risk you put yourself and me at by doing that ? Who came and gave you a shot ? ' ` Oh , no , I did n't -- it was not a shot . ' " Van Valin said . "  But it was . He was lying . " AEG Live contends Jackson kept doctors in the dark about other doctors ' treatments . The argument is important to their contention that his dangerous drug use would have shortened his life even if he had not died in 2009 . The shorter his life expectancy , the less money they might be ordered to pay in damages if found liable in his death . "  I told him , I said , ` You know what , I ca n't do this , okay , 'cause if you 're doubling up , you know , I give you a shot and then you 've already had one , ' I said , ' I could kill you , ' " Van Valin testified . Van Valin remained close friends with Jackson even though he stopped treating him soon after that incident , he said . Bedtime stories versus Diprivan The doctor 's testimony revealed more about Jackson 's relationship with the drug that killed him -- the surgical anesthetic propofol , also known as Diprivan . AEG Live lawyers contend it was a drug Jackson knew a lot about , but that their executives had no knowledge of . Debbie Rowe , Jackson 's former wife , testified earlier that German doctors infused the singer with it in a Munich hotel on two nights to help him sleep between "  HIStory " tour shows in 1997 . Jackson lawyers pointed out that Paul Gongaware , who is now the AEG Live co-CEO , was Jackson 's tour manager then . Five years later , Jackson asked Van Valin to help him go to sleep . "  Sometimes , he 'd say , ` Barney , do me a favor , see if I can sleep , I 'm going to get under the covers on that rollout couch , ' and he said , ` Just read me out of a book , ' " Van Valin testified . "  I 'd find a book that looked interesting and I 'd just start reading or I 'd tell him stories . That did n't work because often times he got excited about the story and say , ` That really happened ? ' or something . Anyway , I 'd read to him -- and when it seemed like he was asleep I 'd slip out , you know , kind of hard because the door made a little noise . If I thought he was asleep I 'd leave , and once in awhile he 'd say , ` Good night , Barney , ' and when I got to the door , he was n't asleep at all . " Dr. Van Valin also tried to help Jackson sleep with sedatives , including Xanax , without success , he said . Jackson , however , revealed to him in 2003 that he had a stash of propofol in a closet of his Neverland Ranch bedroom , Van Valin said . "  He said , ` Would you put me to sleep , I have n't been able to sleep for four days , ' and I said , ` With what ? ' And he goes , ` Well , I have this stuff , ' and I said , ` Mike , I do n't do I.V. sedation . You need an anesthesiologist to do that . ' And he said , ` Oh , it 's safe , man , I used it for all those years between shows and I got put to sleep . ' I said , ' I ca n't imagine that was good sleep . " You know , he said , "  No , it works really well . " He said Jackson told him that during his world tours him a doctor "  would put in the I.V. and put me to sleep , and he 'd stay there for eight hours and wake me up 'cause I would go -- if I had three days between shows , I would have three days I did n't sleep and , you know , that I could n't put on the show I wanted to have , you know , I mean , I want my shows to be , you know , as high end as possible . " "  Sounds like a doctor who did his job , not like this other guy , who just started the drip and left the room and basically put him to sleep like a dog , " Van Valin said . Jackson was "  pretty complacent " when he rejected his request for help with propofol and he never asked for it again , Van Valin said . Dr. Conrad Murray told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in April that Jackson had "  his own stash " of propofol in his home before he began treating him with it in 2009 . "  I did not agree with Michael , but Michael felt that it was not an issue because he had been exposed to it for years and he knew exactly how things worked , " Murray said . "  And given the situation at the time , it was my approach to try to get him off of it , but Michael Jackson was not the kind of person you can just say ` Put it down ' and he 's going to do that . " Jackson lawyers argue that AEG Live was negligent for not checking out Murray 's distressed financial situation before agreeing to pay him $ 150,000 a month . It created a conflict of interest that led Murray to ignore safe practices and his responsibility to Jackson 's health , they contend .	Jackson had a stash of propofol in his Neverland bedroom , doctor testifies Bedtime stories , Xanax could n't put Michael to sleep , he says Doctor saw no signs Jackson was addicted to painkillers in 2002 Wrongful death trial nears an end after more than four months of testimony
CNN  -- From a distance , Russia is looking awfully good the last few days . First , we learned that members of the art group Pussy Riot would be released from prison under a new amnesty , then that the Arctic 30 , a group of Greenpeace activists who spent two months in Russian jails , would be free to go . And finally , President Vladimir Putin announced he would pardon Mikhail Khodorkovsky , the country 's best-known and longest-serving political prisoner . Inside the country , things look a little different . A majority of the people facing the largest political trial in more than half a century , stemming from a May 6 , 2012 , anti-Putin protest , will remain behind bars , as will Khodorkovsky 's business partner , friend and co-defendant , Platon Lebedev . Sending different messages to the international and domestic audiences is precisely the point of Putin 's latest maneuverings and of many of his policies generally . In an effort to make sure that the Olympic Games in Sochi in February go off smoothly , Putin is showing a friendly face to the West , demonstrating that he has heard the criticism directed at him . To the audience at home , the message is , protest and disobedience will be punished harshly . The stability of a democratic society depends in large part on its courts being perceived as just . Dictatorships , on the other hand , need their judicial systems to inspire fear . Nothing inspires fear like the arbitrary , selective application of laws . Consider the Bolotnaya case , in which 27 people have been charged in connection with a protest that ended in violence -- mostly police violence -- last year . Because they face a variety of charges , only eight will be amnestied , and the rest will remain under arrest . But there is no discernible difference among the defendants in this case -- all the charges against them appear unproven and unprovable . This is the very definition of the arbitrary application of laws . To be frightening , punishment must also be harsh . Four of the Bolotnaya case defendants were released December 19 . One of them has lost his eyesight in the time he spent in jail ; the others merely -- merely -- lost a year and a half of their lives , when they could not see their families or work to support them . At best , as punishment for taking part in a peaceful protest , they have had their careers interrupted and have run up back-breaking debt ; at worst , they have sustained irreparable damage to their health . And they are the lucky ones . The two members of Pussy Riot are lucky to get out of jail about two months before their time would have been up . They have spent more than 650 days in jail -- more than a third of each of their children 's lives -- as punishment for 40 seconds of lip-syncing in a church . At least one of them , Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , has been subjected to physical violence , sleep deprivation and chronic undernourishment . Both have sustained long and debilitating hunger strikes . Tolokonnikova said that when she tried to speak out about conditions of her custody , prison officials threatened to beat her . Prison officials denied the allegations . But they 've had it easy compared to former oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky , who once dared challenge Putin on the subject of corruption . For this , and for his general refusal to be subjugated , he spent more than 10 years behind bars . During this time , Khodorkovsky refused , on principle , to discuss the conditions in which he was held , because they were no worse than that which hundreds of thousands of Russia 's other convicts faced , but the details that have emerged are harrowing . More or less every time Khodorkovsky gave an interview or published a piece of his own writing -- and he refused to be silenced in jail -- he was confined to punitive solitary . Other than that , he has faced the standard fate of a Russian convicted felon : His life 's work has been ruined by the state , his children have grown up without him , and his parents have faced old age and life-threatening illness without him . For Putin , punishment -- no matter how harsh -- is not complete if it does not include humiliation . Over the years , he consistently said that he would not pardon Khodorkovsky unless Khodorkovsky admitted his guilt . On December 19 he stated that Khodorkovsky had appealed for clemency , and Putin 's press secretary , Dmitry Peskov , added that the appeal included an admission of guilt . Khodorkovsky himself , speaking from Germany , has said that "  the issue of admission of guilt was not raised " in the discussion . But that did not stop Putin from using the occasion of his release to communicate yet again to the Russian people that not only will he punish his enemies -- he will not stop until they are finally subjugated . There is reason to believe that Khodorkovsky was forced to accept emigration as a condition of being released from prison . It would behoove the international community  $ " including the 18 countries whose now-amnestied citizens were kidnapped in international waters in September and thrown into Russian jails for two months -- the Greenpeace activists  $ " to pay attention to the message Putin is sending . His mercy is heavily conditional , while his fury is severe -- and his disregard for legality , close to complete . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Masha Gessen .	Vladimir Putin pardoned Mikhail Khodorkovsky ahead of the 2014 Olympics Masha Gessen : President is just putting on a friendly face for the West She says the message to Russians is protest and disobedience will be punished Gessen : Khodorkovsky , Pussy Riot members are freed , but many innocents still in prison
CNN  -- Computer issues prompted a temporary ground stop at Los Angeles International Airport  LAX  on Wednesday . The computer failure occurred at the Federal Aviation Administration 's Los Angeles Flight Center , which controls air traffic for the region . All arriving flights that were inside the flight center 's airspace at the time of the ground stop landed at the airport , according to LAX spokeswoman Nancy Suey Castles . Approximately 10 inbound flights that were outside that airspace were diverted to other airports . "  Airlines at LAX are reporting an estimated 10 cancellations and 110 departure delays throughout tonight , " the spokeswoman said . Earlier , FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown stressed that radar was not down and that authorities hoped to resolve the computer glitch soon . The agency had warned of the potential for gridlock at some area airports , citing significant volume already en route . Departure delays of up to two hours were reported at LAX , one hour at Salt Lake City International Airport and up to an hour and a half at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas . Officials had said ground stops were also in effect at Bob Hope Airport in Burbank , Long Beach Airport and John Wayne Airport , all in California . According to LAX , the airport is the sixth busiest in the world , and the third busiest in the United States . CNN 's Sean Morris , Cheri Mossburg , Aaron Cooper , Rene Marsh and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	The Federal Aviation Administration lifts its ground stop Departure delays are reported in Los Angeles , Las Vegas and Salt Lake City LAX is the sixth busiest airport in the world , third busiest in the United States
CNN  -- The top cop in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , escaped a "  sneak attack " by gunmen early Thursday while on patrol in the city , the Juarez mayor told reporters . Lt. Col. Julian Leyzaola was not injured in the attack . One of the gunmen was injured by return fire from police . The gunmen were carrying out extortion on a local business when Leyzaola 's patrol coincidentally came across the incident , according to Juarez Mayor Hector "  Teto " Murguia . "  If the criminals resist giving up ... well then there will be incidents of confrontation . Until what point ? As long as necessary , " Leyzaola said in an interview earlier this month with CNN in Juarez . On the job for barely three months , the new police chief of Ciudad Juarez -- the globally recognized hot spot in Mexico 's drug wars -- predicted bold changes in his new border home and said confidentially during the interview : "  The police will regain the city . " "  The municipal police is still standing ... and will continue fighting , " Murguia said after the attack . "  The municipal police , particularly the lieutenant colonel , confirm that they will clean up this historic city , " Murguia said .	Lt. Col. Julian Leyzaola happened upon extortion in progress , mayor says Leyzaola was on patrol as part of his new role in Ciudad Juarez Juarez is hot spot of Mexican drug violence
The Beverly Hills City Council has condemned the government of Brunei for its "  extreme and inhumane " Sharia laws and urged the nation 's sultan to sell ownership of the landmark Beverly Hills Hotel and any other property the Asian country and its ruler may own in the exclusive community . The council made the declaration in a 5-0 vote Tuesday night , despite 125 workers from the hotel packing the council chambers and expressing concern about their jobs . Several waiters in white coats told the council they , too , did n't like Brunei 's laws but they asked why workers should possibly suffer for the City Council 's vote of condemnation . "  It strangles our livelihood , " said Ann Romer , a server in the hotel 's Polo Lounge , a renowned gathering spot for Hollywood stars and filmmakers . "  It causes us to be unable to support our families , my children and my sick grandmother in Vietnam . " All the council members empathized with the workers but said they need to take a stand against the Brunei government . "  The evil is clear . The evil exists in the sultan of Brunei and others who believe as he does , " said Vice Mayor Julian A. Gold , who 's also an anesthesiologist . "  We have 600 people who work at this hotel who are truly innocent in this and who could be collateral damage . " The council vote came a day after Jay Leno and his wife , Mavis , led several celebrities in a demonstration across from the famed Sunset Boulevard hotel . They protested the hotel 's ownership , which is an investment group controlled by the Sultan of Brunei . In late April , the small Muslim nation on the northern coast of the island of Borneo implemented Sharia law , marked by strong punishments for those found guilty of homosexuality or adultery -- including stoning to death those convicted . The law was praised by the sultan , who is n't just the country 's ruler but also a major political and cultural figure . "  We 're just making people aware , " Leno told CNN . "  It 's not a political issue . This is not something that 's debatable . ... It 's people being stoned to death . " In the wake of the protest movement , a number of organizations have moved -- or threatened to move -- events scheduled for the hotel . The resolution approved by the Beverly Hills City Council accuses Brunei of imposing harsh penalties for homosexuality and adultery . That country 's recent laws also allow flogging and severing limbs for theft and other offenses , the council asserted . "  The City of Beverly Hills urges the government of Brunei to divest itself of the Beverly Hills Hotel and any other properties it may own in Beverly Hills , " the approved resolution said . Other celebrities including Ellen DeGeneres and mogul Richard Branson said they wo n't patronize the hotel or other properties in the Dorchester Collection of luxury hotels , which owns and manages the Beverly Hills Hotel and the Hotel Bel-Air . Leno said he was well aware of how "  a number of people are canceling events at the hotel , and it 's all economics , " he told CNN . But Christopher Cowdray , the Dorchester Collection 's CEO , said the celebrities and groups protesting are taking out their anger on the wrong place . "  The actions they 're taking are unfounded , " he said . "  It 's going to hurt our employees and this has nothing to do with them whatsoever , " he said . "  It 's not their fight . " The sultan has owned the Beverly Hills Hotel since 1987 . The Dorchester Collection was established in 1996 to oversee that hotel and others in its luxury portfolio , including the Hotel Bel-Air , Paris ' Plaza Athenee and London 's Dorchester . Cowdray said that celebrities wanting to influence politics in Brunei would be better off lobbying the U.S. State Department to take action . At a briefing Monday , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said , "  We have very serious concerns . " The Beverly Hills Hotel has been a haven for Hollywood 's elite since 1912 -- two years before the City of Beverly Hills was even created .	Beverly Hills City Council votes 5-0 in telling Brunei to get out of town Council condemns Brunei 's "  extreme and inhumane " Sharia laws City wants Asian country to sell off its interest in landmark Beverly Hills Hotel But hotel workers pack council chambers and say they fear for their jobs
CNN  -- Taliban militants , who implemented Islamic law in Pakistan 's violence-plagued Swat Valley last week , have now taken control of a neighboring district . Protests in Karachi against the creation of sharia courts in Swat Valley . Here are some answers about the Swat Valley , its history and what 's taking place there . What is Swat Valley ? Swat Valley is located in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province , near the border with Afghanistan and about 185 miles  300 kilometers  from the Pakistani capital of Islamabad . The alpine region once was one of Pakistan 's premier tourist destinations , boasting the nation 's only ski resort until it was shut down after Taliban militants overran the area . It also was a draw for trout-fishing enthusiasts and those wishing to visit the ancient Buddhist ruins in the area . What 's happening in Swat Valley ? In recent years Taliban militants unleashed a wave of violence that claimed hundreds of lives in the province . The militants wanted sharia law -- or Islamic law -- imposed in the region . They took over the valley in 2008 . The central government of Pakistan , which long exerted little control in the area , launched an intense military offensive in late July to flush out the militants . In retaliation , the Taliban carried out a series of deadly attacks and began gaining ground , setting up checkpoints in the area . Has the government intervened ? The militants and the Pakistani government reached a peace deal earlier this year , which was recently signed into law by Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari . Under the deal , sharia law was imposed in the region . While the peace deal drew criticism for the Pakistani government , some analysts and political observers say the government had little choice but to capitulate , as militants have terrorized the region with beheadings , kidnappings and the destruction of schools . What 's happening now ? This week , the Taliban moved to seize control of the neighboring Buner district , bringing it closer to Islamabad than it has been since Taliban insurgency began . What is sharia law ? Sharia law is Islamic law . While there are different interpretations of it , the Taliban 's strict interpretation forbids women from being seen in public without their husbands and fathers , requires veils for women and beards for men , and bans music and television . Consequences are severe ; during the Taliban struggle to impose sharia law , anyone found disobeying was pinned to the ground and lashed . Others were beheaded and hung from poles , with notices attached to their bodies that anyone daring to remove the corpse before 48 hours had passed would also be beheaded and hanged .	Taliban militants in Pakistan 's Swat Valley take control of neighboring Buner district Swat Valley was once one of Pakistan 's top tourist attractions Militants are now closer to Islamabad than any point since start of insurgency
CNN  -- Thailand pulled back from the brink of chaos this week as anti-government protesters ended their occupation of Bangkok 's two main airports after a court ousted Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat . Protesters say the current Thai government is a proxy for exiled former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra . But political reshuffling means that the current crisis , merely the latest episode in an ongoing political saga that has undermined the stability of the southeast Asian nation , is set to continue . What 's the background to Thailand 's political crisis ? The latest unrest , which has seen anti-government protesters occupy Bangkok 's international airport , dates back to the controversial premiership of Thaksin Shinawatra . A multibillionaire media tycoon , Thaksin was elected in 2001 on a populist platform that promised universal healthcare and cash handouts to poor villagers . But Thaksin 's government was soon mired in allegations of corruption and he prompted anger by selling control of his Shin Corp. media group to Singaporean investors . Throughout the summer of 2006 hundreds of thousands of protesters took to the street to demand Thaksin 's resignation , prompting the army to oust him in a bloodless coup . But subsequent governments have been seen as proxies for Thaksin . Somchai Wongsawat , who took charge in September , is his brother-in-law . Somchai 's predecessor , Samak Sundaravej , who was forced to step down in August after Thailand 's Supreme Court ruled he had violated the constitution by appearing on a TV cookery show , was also an avowed Thaksin ally . "  Basically since 2006 the protesters have been grappling with the problem that whoever the people elect is a supporter of Thaksin , " said CNN 's Bangkok Correspondent Dan Rivers . "  They held an election and , having banned his old party , it re-emerged under a different name and won the election . The underlying issues are exactly the same . " Who are the protesters ? The anti-government People 's Alliance for Democracy  PAD  was founded in 2005 by Sondhi Limthongkul ; like Thaksin , Sondhi is a successful media mogul and a former supporter of the exiled former PM . The group claims to represent the traditional Bangkok ruling class and argues that lawmakers should be mostly appointed rather than elected . During 2006 's anti-Thaksin protests , PAD rallies attracted massive crowds but numbers have dwindled significantly , according to Rivers . Since August , PAD supporters have occupied Government House , the Thai prime minister 's main offices , in what they have called their "  final battle " against the government . The Bangkok protests in pictures " "  As time goes on the PAD seems to be getting more and more desperate , " said Rivers . "  They have irritated people with months and months of standoffs . A lot of the media has turned against them . There are fewer and fewer people who support what they are doing because they see that they are ruining the fragile democracy that there was here . " Watch what 's behind protesters ' demands " What role has Thaksin played in the crisis ? Thaksin is currently living in exile in Dubai , having been convicted in October by the Thai Supreme Court to two years in prison on a corruption charge . However he continued to wield power through Somchai and his political allies , Rivers said : "  There is no doubt he is the puppetmaster behind this government . This is a battle between Thaksin and his opponents , as it has been all the way along . He came out this week and said he wants to come back and be prime minister one day which is a big thing for him because before he said he was through with politics . " So is it all over ? The protesters ended their siege early Wednesday after the Constitutional Court dissolved Somchai ruling party , effectively ousting his government from office . The court found the People Power Party committed electoral fraud , and it barred Somchai and other top party officials from from holding public office for five years . Some flight have resumed after a week of disruption and stranded tourists were beginning to leave . But within hours of the courty 's ruling , PPP members unaffected by the ban regrouped under the banner of the Puea Thai party , a move that will allow them to maintain their grip on power and could potentially trigger new protests . Rivers said the court 's ruling was little more than a face-saving resolution for the airport protesters , who became increasingly desperate and isolated as Thais grew tired of the blockade . He said the move would change little . "  This is merely the interval between acts -- the PAD protest show and the Thaksin puppetry are about to start all over again , " he said .	Thailand 's political crisis dates back to protests against Thaksin Shinawatra in 2006 Thaksin was ousted by military coup but his allies remain in government Anti-government PAD wants lawmakers appointed rather than elected Universally revered monarchy could play key role in resolving crisis
CNN  -- At least 24 passengers have died in a collision in central Punjab , a province in Pakistan . A passenger van collided with a truck on a main street near the city of Bahawalpur on Tuesday morning , Sohail Tajik a senior police official from the area , told CNN . So far , 24 people have died , including seven women and one child from the same family . Twelve other people were injured and have been moved to a local hospital , Tajik said . "  We have received and shifted 24 dead bodies and 12 injured to the Victoria Hospital in Bahawalpur so far , " rescue worker Majid Saleem told CNN . Journalist Amir Iqbal contributed to this report .	12 people also were injured when a passenger van collided with a truck Accident took place on a main street near the city of Bahawalpur in Punjab province The dead include seven women and one child from the same family
CNN  -- A prominent Kurdish opposition leader was shot dead Friday in a brazen assault that came as protesters across the country demonstrated for his fledgling anti-regime movement , activists said . Mashaal Tammo , spokesman for the Kurdish Future Party and a member of the newly formed Syria National Council , was killed in a private residence in the northeastern city of Qamishli , one of the cities where protesters gathered Friday . At least eight other people died in the Damascus suburbs and other locations during demonstrations , activists said . "  The violence continues unabated , " Victoria Nuland , State Department spokeswoman , said on Friday . Tammo 's death was reported by three groups -- the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Avaaz , an international activist organization . Tammo 's son and another activist , Zahida Rashkilo , were injured . Avaaz said Tammo was meeting with activists at the time . Avaaz said the attackers were members of the Shabiha , the pro-government militia . "  The Kurdish people are very angry as a result , " an activist told Avaaz . Kurds live in a contiguous area that spreads across Iraq , Iran , Syria and Turkey . Kurdish rebels have fought for an independent state . Human Rights Watch , which notes that the Kurds are the largest non-Arab ethnic minority in Syria , has estimated that Kurds make up about 10 % of Syria 's population . The Syrian government , viewing Kurdish identity as a threat , has suppressed the group 's political and cultural rights . The Syrian National Council announced this month that it will "  represent the Syrian revolution " inside and outside the country in an effort to end the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . The council "  will work on mobilizing all groups of the Syrian people and provide all kinds of necessary support to advance the revolution and achieve the goals of our people that include the toppling of the current regime , including the head of the regime , and building a democratic , multiparty system in a civilian state that provides equality to all its citizens , without any kind of discrimination , " they said . The LCC said groups including the Muslim Brotherhood of Syria , the Revolution Forces , the Public Council for Revolution Forces and the Superior Council of the Revolution have all joined it in the opposition government . The idea takes a page from the success of the National Transitional Council in Libya , where the opposition movement managed to drive strongman Moammar Gadhafi from power . Anti-government demonstrations have raged in Syria for nearly seven months , and the al-Assad regime has launched a fierce crackdown on protesters . The death toll has exceeded 3,000 , the observatory said . Most of those killed have been civilian protesters and others have been security forces . Activists stage nationwide protests with a specific theme every Friday after Muslim prayers . This Friday the protest theme is the "  National Council represents me , " a reference to the Syrian opposition movement . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , or LCC , reported three deaths in Douma , outside the capital , three in the western city of Homs , one in the coastal city of Latakia and one in the suburbs of Hama , in the west during the day . Riad Saif , a former parliament member and now an opposition leader , was beaten in the Damascus neighborhood of Medan and a massive demonstration unfolded in the Idlib province town of Saraqeb , the LCC said . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights also confirmed three deaths in the Damascus suburbs . It said forces opened fire and wounded more than two dozen people near a Homs mosque . Many world powers have been outraged over the government 's crackdown . The European Union and United States have already imposed sanctions against the regime . But earlier this week , Russia and China vetoed a U.N. Security Council draft resolution condemning Syrian authorities for using violence against anti-government demonstrators . The two nations argued that even in its watered-down form without economic sanctions , the proposed resolution would have led to military intervention similar to the NATO operation to protect anti-government protesters in Libya . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said his country wants an end to the bloodshed and is calling for the regime to implement changes , state-run RIA Novosti reported Friday . "  If the Syrian leadership is unable to complete such reforms , it will have to go , but this decision should be made not by NATO and certain European countries , it should be made by the people of Syria and the government of Syria , " Medvedev told the Russian Security Council . Some countries are taking their own steps to pressure al-Assad . After the U.N. vote , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said his government is preparing sanctions on Syria . A U.S. envoy speaking at the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva , Switzerland , criticized Syria . "  A government that fails to respect the will of its people , denies the fundamental rights of its citizens , and chooses to rule through terror and intimidation , can not be considered legitimate and must step aside immediately , " said Betty King , U.S. ambassador to the U.N. and other international organizations in Geneva . Faysal Mekdad , deputy Syrian foreign minister , said , "  it 's my feeling that no country should judge a sovereign state 's measures . " They were at the council 's Universal Periodic Review of Syria .	A Kurdish activist , a member of the opposition Syria National Council , is slain At least eight other deaths are reported in violence in Syria Friday Violence is reported in the Damascus suburbs and Homs Russia 's Medvedev says the Syrian regime must make reforms
CNN  -- For many Muslims it 's the journey of a lifetime : making the Hajj pilgrimage . Almost 3 million faithful , together , in the city of Mecca , Saudi Arabia . But this year , the Hajj could become an incubator for the H1N1 virus . At a Muslim community center in Duluth , Georgia , American Muslims pray and prepare for the Hajj . Lateefa Khan is here with her husband , Zakerullah . She has mixed emotions . They are leaving their children behind but say they look forward to the worship . "  It is very exciting . An amazing experience , " Khan says . "  I am looking forward to worshipping , focusing all my time on worshipping . " Khan will take precautions to avoid H1N1 , also known as swine flu , at the Hajj . They 'll carry hand sanitizer and will be "  frequently washing our hands , trying to stay as clean as possible . " The Khans , along with a number of people at the center who are going on the Hajj , also are getting H1N1 inoculations . Dr. Asif Saberi gives them a short lecture on how to prepare and encourages everyone to have their shots at least seven days before traveling . He says the Saudi government is doing a lot to protect pilgrims , but "  the magnitude of the problem is the magnitude of the numbers of people who attend the Hajj . " When it comes to using hand sanitizer and wearing masks , Saberi says he encounters confusion about religious dictates and flu prevention . According to Muslim beliefs , for example , men in a state of pilgrimage should not wear any stitched items or touch alcohol . So what about wearing face masks or using alcohol-based sanitizers ? "  One of the basic principles on which shariah  Islamic law  is based is the protection of the health , " he says . "  So if protection of the health is of such paramount importance , then the ritualistic significance of not wearing stitched clothes on your body is subservient to the need to maintain good health . And therefore wearing a mask is important . Using the sanitizer , which prevents this disease from spreading to others , is important . " Saudi Arabia has been preparing for the influx of millions of pilgrims . It wo n't turn away anyone who wants to come to the Hajj , but it is urging other countries not to let children younger than 12 , people older than 65 or pregnant women make the pilgrimage . The Saudi health minister went on television with his daughters , publicly getting their H1N1 flu shots , part of a campaign to alleviate fears about the vaccine . The kingdom also is using sophisticated technology -- thermal screening equipment at entry points and mobile devices to document suspected cases of the flu . Dr. Ziad Memish , assistant deputy to the Saudi health minister and co-author of a paper on Hajj and H1N1 published in Science magazine , said the government consulted 25 international experts , who joined with 25 Saudi experts , to discuss how to prepare . "  We had the team inspect the airport , the seaport , the regional lab that tests for the influenza , " he said . "  And then we had a review of all the evidence regarding the different strategies that should be used to prevent the spread of the disease during the mass gathering of the Hajj . "  We have relied on a collaborative program with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , where they are helping us setting up a system that was used in the Hurricane Katrina disaster , and I think the system has already been tested and it is working perfectly well . " In Washington , Louise Gresham , director of health security and epidemiology at the Nuclear Threat Initiative -- which also works to reduce global biological threats -- looks at a report tracking the spread of H1N1 in the Middle East . Gresham describes the risks : "  Picture , if you can , that 1 million people will come together in a single mosque at any given time during the Hajj . Picture that crowding over an extended period of time , and that 's a test . A test not just for each individual pilgrim , but it is a real test for disease detection . " The Nuclear Threat Initiative supports a groundbreaking surveillance system in the Middle East , called the Middle East Consortium on Infectious Disease Surveillance . It brings together public health leaders and representatives from academic institutions and private health care facilities in Jordan , Israel and the Palestinian Authority . It was started seven years ago , during the height of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . "  They actually started writing a plan for food-borne disease outbreaks , but they started a pandemic preparedness plan , " Gresham says . "  When H1N1 came along , this put them in a perfect position , because they were practiced , they were rehearsed and they had built great , great trust . " As part of this cooperation , Israel is supplying Gaza and the West Bank with H1N1 vaccinations for those who make the religious journey . That trust , plus international cooperation , will be crucial in protecting pilgrims . For those like Fayzah Abu Ayadah , faith outweighs fear . "  Even if we die there , it is not important , " the Palestinian says . "  The important thing is to go for the Hajj . "	Health officials fear Hajj could help spread H1N1 virus Muslims from all over the world travel to Mecca for Hajj Authorities offer advice on how to minimize risk Hajj will provide real test for disease detection , official says
Editors Note : Harvard human trafficking fellow Siddharth Kara is undertaking a research trip around South Asia , looking at issues of forced labor , trafficking and child bondage . He will be getting access to the heart of the problem , and telling CNN.com readers what he has discovered every week over the next ten weeks . This is his first submission . New Delhi , India -- After a long journey from Los Angeles , I have been in New Delhi for several days now easing into a full ten weeks that I will spend researching child labor , bonded labor , and human trafficking throughout South Asia . It is not the best time of year to be trudging through the rural reaches of the region , but as Indians love to say , "  What to do ? " At least the monsoons have arrived and temperatures have dropped a few degrees -- though the air is so moist it is hard to tell the difference between rainfall and humidity ! It is hard to imagine that I first started my research into human trafficking and modern slavery more than ten years ago . While I had little idea what I was doing then , I have a far more efficient rhythm to my research now . I have taken eight research trips of greater than one month during the last decade , and many more quick hits here and there gathering data and learning how and why human trafficking and forced labor take place around the world . Of course , slave exploitation takes place everywhere -- in the middle of major cities and in the deepest rural reaches of the globe . I have seen more than my share of human cruelty -- from forced prostitution of minors to organ harvesting and everything in between . At the other end of the spectrum , I intend to explore child labor in fishing industries in parts of South Asia that require two day hikes to reach , but that does not stop the shrimp from ending up at your cocktail parties . Overall , this research trip is the first of three that I will take across the next twelve months , covering South Asia , Africa , and Latin America , with short jaunts to Europe and North America , all of which will allow me to complete my next two books on human trafficking and modern slavery . I am excited to contribute this blog to CNN.com during this first trip , and I hope it proves interesting to those who read it . In a way , we will be undertaking this trip together , as I share my latest learning 's , triumphs , and frustrations each week . We will search out slave labor hand-in-hand , and we will interview those who have suffered intense cruelty in a region of the world that is home to more slaves than any other on Earth . There is much I am proud of as a man of Indian descent , but some have argued that India 's record on protecting the weak , poor , and downtrodden is far from pride-worthy . I hope my approach to the issue of forced labor -- predicated on documenting the human pain of this exploitation while also understanding the business and economic forces that drive it -- will lead us to a more effective response . As I commence this trip in an extraordinary nation that simultaneously invokes the deepest love and frustration in me , I am reminded of the words of India 's first Prime Minister , Jawaharlal Nehru , uttered in the nascent moments of freedom from the British Empire : "  The future beckons to us ... to bring freedom and opportunity to the common man , to the peasants and workers of India ; to fight and end poverty and ignorance and disease ... and to create social , economic and political institutions which will ensure justice and fullness of life to every man and woman . " This is the future that beckoned all of South Asia more than sixty years ago , on those first days of freedom from tyranny and exploitation . Yet this promise remains deeply elusive for hundreds of millions of poor who scrape by on one dollar per day in income , and even more so for the millions of slaves in this region , who remain oppressed by tyranny and bondage , praying each night to break free of exploitation and achieve the "  fullness of life , " that is their human birthright .	Siddharth Kara begins 10 week journey into South Asia . Will investigate issues of human trafficking and child labor . Kara will travel to urban and rural regions in several south asian countries
CNN  -- Former hostages held at the American Embassy in Iran are hoping the Academy Award for Best Picture for "  Argo " boosts their efforts to be paid reparations for the ordeal . " ` Argo ' was a great motion picture ; it was a great story . But it 's only part of the story , " says former hostage Steven Lauterbach . Unlike the six whose escape to the Canadian Embassy was featured in the movie , he was one of the 52 who were held for 444 days in the U.S. Embassy . He and other former hostages believe Iran has never been held accountable for the episode and should have to pay each of them restitution . "  We feel that we should be entitled to some compensation , " he said . Lauterbach said that during his captivity , he spent four days in solitary confinement . At the end , he was so desperate that he slashed both wrists with a broken drinking glass . "  My shirt , pants , and shoes were soaked in blood , " he said . "  I was prepared to die . " Attorney Tom Lankford , who has represented the hostages in court for years , is seeking about $ 4 million apiece in damages . Coming soon : Iran 's response to ` Argo ' "  They were beaten ; they played Russian roulette with them , they stood them up against walls as if they were killing them in mock firing squads , " he said . "  They destroyed in many cases not only their bodies , but their souls . " Lauterbach was hospitalized and survived the grueling ordeal . But even today , he said : "  I still have occasional  and sometimes not so occasional  nightmares and flashbacks . In my most common nightmare , the deal made to release us has been rescinded , and we have to go back into captivity . " Even now , he said , "  I get feelings of panic and claustrophobia sometimes . It 's never really behind you . " The hostages were released in January 1981 under a set of agreements , the Algiers Accords , which stipulated that the hostages could not sue Iran for damages . But for years , many of them have sought compensation anyway , arguing that an agreement made under duress at gunpoint is not valid . CNN called and e-mailed Iran 's mission to the United Nations for comment but did not receive a response . The State Department , however , has argued against breaking the agreement , saying that if the United States were to renege on the Algiers deal , the decision would call into question America 's commitment to honoring all its other treaties and agreements as well . John Sheardown , Canadian ` hero ' in hostage crisis , dies "  The United States government remains deeply grateful to the former hostages for their service to their country , and expresses its sympathy for the suffering they experienced during their ordeal , " the State Department said in a statement . "  As an essential condition of their release from captivity , however , the United States agreed in the Algiers Accords to bar claims by the former hostages against Iran from U.S. courts . Although we understand their frustration , we are bound by this commitment and must continue to honor it . " The courts have sided with the State Department , and in 2012 , the Supreme Court declined to hear the hostages ' appeal . Now the group is pushing Congress for an alternative . Instead of being compensated with Iranian government money , which sits in frozen accounts , they propose using money collected from fines against companies caught violating the embargo against Iran . "  Even though these fines will probably not come directly from the Iranians , " says Lauterbach , "  I think it will to some degree right a wrong . " As part of their efforts to persuade lawmakers , the group is assembling a package of testimonials from the former hostages . One former hostage who will not be able to tell Congress his story : former CIA agent Phillip Ward , who committed suicide in October . He was beaten in his cell and subjected to mock executions during captivity , and after his release , he became a recluse and an alcoholic , according to Lankford . "  In reality , his life was taken from him 33 years ago , " he said .	"  Argo , " about the rescue of six American hostages from Iran , wins Best Picture Other hostages rescued later hope the movie 's high profile helps case for reparations Ordeal destroyed "  not only their bodies , but their souls , " lawyer says
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Marilyn Monroe 's sultry rendition of "  Happy Birthday " sung for President John F. Kennedy 's 45th birthday celebration marked the actress ' last major public appearance before her mysterious death in August 1962 . Tuesday , which would have been Monroe 's 84th birthday , marked the public debut of a rare image of Monroe with Kennedy and his brother Robert F. Kennedy together after the May 19 , 1962 , party . The black-and-white photo , taken by White House photographer Cecil Stoughton , showed Monroe still wearing the infamously tight-fighting , sheer rhinestone-studded dress she wore when singing earlier at Madison Square Garden . President Kennedy appears to be turning away from the camera , something he rarely did , while his brother , the U.S. attorney general , looks toward them . "  There is no other known photo of Bobby -LSB- Kennedy -RSB- with Marilyn or JFK with Marilyn , and it 's not because they were never photographed together , " said filmmaker Keya Morgan , who now owns the only original prints of it . "  In fact , they were photographed together many times , but the Secret Service and the FBI confiscated every single photograph . " Stoughton , who sold the prints to Morgan a year before his death in 2008 , told him agents missed one negative in their search , he said . "  The Secret Service came in when he was developing the negatives and basically confiscated all the ones of Jack , Bobby with Marilyn , " Morgan said . "  The only one that survived is the one that was in the dryer . " Historian Arthur Schlesinger Jr. , who was an aide to President Kennedy , appears in the photo holding a drink and cigar and wearing a broad smile . Schlesinger 's personal journal , published in 2007 , included his impression of Monroe at the private gathering . "  The image of this exquisite , beguiling and desperate girl will always stay with me , " Schlesinger wrote . "  I do not think I have seen anyone so beautiful ; I was enchanted by her manner and her wit , at once so masked , so ingenuous and so penetrating . " He wrote that Robert Kennedy was paying great attention to Monroe at the gathering , which was at the Manhattan home of Arthur and Matilda Krim . "  Bobby and I engaged in mock competition for her ; she was most agreeable to him and pleasant to me , but one never felt her to be wholly engaged , " Schlesinger wrote in a passage included in his book "  Journals : 1952-2000 . " While the relationship between the Kennedy brothers and Monroe has become a documented part of history , photographer Stoughton was reluctant to allow the image to become public until after former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy 's death in 1994 . Morgan said he bought access to the negative while working on an upcoming documentary about the actress 's death , "  Marilyn Monroe : Murder on Fifth Helena Drive . " Stoughton , in interviews for the film , told Morgan the story behind the first lady 's refusal to attend her husband 's birthday gala . "  He 's the one who told Jackie that Marilyn was going to be at the celebration , and her exact words were ` Screw Jack , ' and she left the room and she did not go to the famous celebration , " Morgan said . Morgan 's prints show details not clear in low-resolution , cropped copies that made their way onto the internet after the photo was licensed for a book about Monroe in 2004 . Singer Harry Belafonte is seen in the background with his wife , talking to a man that Stoughton told Morgan was comedian Jack Benny . Beverly Hills art appraiser David W. Streets , who reviewed the prints and their history for CNN , called them "  the real McCoy . " "  This is a very significant piece of American and celebrity history , of fine art photography , " Streets said . Since Stoughton was a U.S. Army captain and was using a government-owned camera and film , the images themselves are in the public domain . But access to the negative , which Stoughton secretly kept , was valuable , Streets said . Stoughton made and signed 10 prints for Morgan , 30 inches by 30 inches . Nine of them go on sale Tuesday at the Art & Artifact Gallery in West Hollywood , California . The 10th print was given to singer Michael Jackson two years ago , Morgan said . Morgan was a friend of the pop star 's , who was a big Monroe fan .	Rare photo taken after Marilyn Monroe sang for JFK 's birthday Photographer said Secret Service seized all other JFK-Monroe photos White House photographer kept photo secret for decades Tuesday would have been Marilyn Monroe 's 84th birthday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sophisticated submarine-like boats are the latest tool drug runners are using to bring cocaine north from Colombia , U.S. officials say . Semi-submersible boats used to smuggle drugs are gaining in quality , the Coast Guard says . Although the vessels were once viewed as a quirky sideshow in the drug war , they are becoming faster , more seaworthy , and capable of carrying bigger loads of drugs than earlier models , according to those charged with catching them . "  They tend to be one of a kind , " U.S. Coast Guard Commandant Thad Allen said . "  They cost up to a million dollars to produce . Sometimes they are put together in pieces and then reassembled in other locations . They 're very difficult to locate . " The boats are built in the Colombian jungle . They sail largely beneath the surface of the water but can not submerge completely like a true submarine . But they are the latest escalation of a tactical race between smugglers and the U.S. Coast Guard . In the past three months the Coast Guard has learned of more semi-submersible vessels smuggling drugs than it did in the previous six years , when there were 23 cases , officials said . Watch the Coast Guard chase down a semi-sub " U.S. Coast Guard intelligence officers predict 85 cases this year and 120 next year . In some instances , the semi-subs are towed behind other vessels and are scuttled if they are detected , Allen said . Authorities are investigating reports that some semi-subs are unmanned and are operated remotely , he said . Diplomatic agreements give the U.S. Coast Guard drug-interdiction jurisdiction in partner countries ' waters . Encounters have become so frequent -- and the dangers of boarding the vessels so pronounced -- that the Coast Guard is pushing for legislation that would make the use of "  unflagged " semi-submersibles in international waters a crime punishable by up to 20 years in prison , even if authorities ca n't recover drug evidence because the smugglers scuttle the transports . "  There 's really no legitimate use for a vessel like this , " Allen said . An unflagged vessel is one not registered with a government . Allen believes the semi-subs are a response to the Coast Guard 's tactic of using snipers in helicopters to shoot out engines on smugglers ' speedboats . The submersibles ' engines are beneath water level . "  We 're seeing an evolution in the construction , " he said . "  Early on we saw fiberglass and now we 're seeing steel . " Early semi-subs were capable of carrying 4 or 5 metric tons of cargo ; newer ones can carry 12 metric tons , Allen said . Their speed has increased to 12 knots , which is "  a pretty good speed on the ocean . " Despite the increase in the use of the semi-subs , Drug Enforcement Administration officials say most drugs still are transported by traditional methods -- fishing boats , speedboats and airplanes . But Frankie Shroyer , deputy chief of the DEA 's Office of Enforcement Operations , called the use of semi-subs "  an emerging threat and we are attacking it through our investigations and working with the interagency community . " The DEA 's main focus , however , "  is to dismantle entire organizations , " he said . "  So we are looking at the organizations that are building these things . ... These are the same organizations that are using containers , the same organizations that are using airplanes , same organizations using go-fast boats . " Allen said the Coast Guard , the Department of Defense and others are working on how to board the vessels . "  In many cases , they do n't stop . And it 's difficult to slow them down , " he said . The Coast Guard says drug runners also are resorting to putting refueling vessels far offshore so drug-carrying boats can avoid coastal areas , and even liquefying cocaine and concealing it in fuel . The semi-subs are "  another adaptation ... that we 're going to have to adapt to ourselves , " Allen said . Last year , the Coast Guard seized a record 355,000 pounds of cocaine worth an estimated $ 4.7 billion -- a 2 percent increase over 2006 . The Coast Guard 's largest cocaine bust ever came in 2007 -- 42,845 pounds stacked in large bundles on the deck of a freighter off the coast of Panama . E-mail to a friend	Small boats can travel almost completely submerged , Coast Guard says Semi-subs carry narcotics from Colombia to U.S. Million-dollar vessels built in jungle , sometimes assembled elsewhere They 've been around awhile , but now more sophisticated , carry more cargo
Washington  CNN  -- When Russia asked the FBI in 2011 to check out Tamerlan Tsarnaev because of his shift toward increasing Islamic extremism , the bureau interviewed him and his family as part of a review that found no ties to terrorism . Two years later , Tsarnaev , 26 , and his younger brother allegedly set off two bombs at the Boston Marathon that killed three people , then killed a university police officer and sparked a manhunt that paralyzed the city last week . Now members of Congress want to know how someone who was brought to the attention of authorities and who exhibited increasingly radical leanings never came under further monitoring or questioning . Graham backs off FBI criticism over bombing suspect Sen. Dianne Feinstein announced Monday that the Senate Intelligence Committee she heads will look into the FBI 's handling of Tsarnaev . The hearing with FBI intelligence officials , expected to be closed to the public and media , could happen as soon as Tuesday , said Feinstein , D-California . A look at Tamerlan 's past An aide to the House Homeland Security Committee said its chairman , Republican Rep. Mike McCaul of Texas , also intended for the panel to examine the issue . The Tsarnaev case raised questions about the efficiency of overall security efforts , particularly involving people brought to the attention of federal authorities . Tsarnaev , who died after a shootout with police on Thursday night , was an immigrant from the volatile Caucasus region of southwest Russia who had legal residence in the United States and sought last year to become fully naturalized , like his brother Dzhokhar , 19 . Bombing suspect 's wife ` very distraught ' However , the Department of Homeland Security rejected the citizenship request due to his past questioning by the FBI before a trip to Russia . An FBI statement said a foreign government -- later identified by legislators as Russia -- asked for information on Tsarnaev "  was based on information that he was a follower of radical Islam and a strong believer , and that he had changed drastically since 2010 as he prepared to leave the United States for travel to the country 's region to join unspecified underground groups . " In response , the FBI said , it "  checked U.S. government databases and other information to look for such things as derogatory telephone communications , possible use of online sites associated with the promotion of radical activity , associations with other persons of interest , travel history and plans , and education history . " "  The FBI also interviewed Tamerlan Tsarnaev and family members , " it said in the statement on Friday . "  The FBI did not find any terrorism activity , domestic or foreign , and those results were provided to the foreign government in the summer of 2011 . " In addition , the FBI "  requested but did not receive more specific or additional information from the foreign government , " its statement said . That failed to satisfy Feinstein and other legislators . "  I have asked the staff director of Intelligence this morning to set a hearing , particularly with FBI intelligence , " Feinstein told CNN on Monday , adding she hoped for answers about what Tsarnaev did during the trip . What was Tamerlan Tsarnaev doing in Russia ? "  And when he came back to this country , why did n't it ring a bell with the FBI intelligence unit that he should be checked out and vetted again ? " she asked . Feinstein also noted that Homeland Security officials later denied Tsarnaev 's application for citizenship , raising another question about who knew what about him . The purpose of the hearing was "  not to criticize , because I am a big fan of the FBI 's , but to go back and see that we plug loopholes , " Feinstein said . Timeline : A look at Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's past Tsarnaev , who 's ethnically Chechen but came to the United States from Kyrgyzstan , spent six months in Russia , causing some legislators and analysts to speculate he may have received training during the trip . Conservative Sen. Lindsey Graham , who said Sunday the FBI may have dropped the ball in its investigation of Tsarnaev , began easing off that claim on Monday . The South Carolina Republican confirmed he talked to the assistant director of the FBI and learned how the bureau interviewed Tsarnaev , his parents and classmates in 2011 . "  They put his name through the system and they sent back this information to the Russians and said , ` Do you have anything else ? ' And they never got a reply back , " Graham said . Graham also noted that Tsarnaev was n't flagged upon returning from Russia because of an apparent misspelling of his name by the Russian airline Aeroflot . "  It did n't get into the system because of a misspelling , " Graham said . "  Now whether or not he intentionally changed his name or Aeroflot just got the spelling wrong , I do n't know . That 's to be determined . " As for apparent warning signs that occurred within the last year , such as YouTube postings of radical Islamists , Graham said the FBI told him "  they have limitations on what they can do . " Dead Boston bomb suspect posted video of jihadist , analysis shows "  So maybe it 's the system failed , did n't provide the FBI with the tools , or maybe they did n't use it properly , " he added . "  That 's why maybe we need to find out what happened . " His comments sounded similar to those made by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers , who defended the FBI on Sunday . Rogers told NBC the agency "  did their due diligence " but Russian authorities "  stopped cooperating " when the United States sought further clarification . Rogers also said he believed Tsarnaev may have traveled overseas using an alias . CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes , a former FBI official , said there was little the bureau could do once Russia failed to respond to its request for further details . 5 key questions "  If they do n't give you more , then everything that can be done has been done unless you know that there should be more to the story , " Fuentes said . He detailed how the FBI employs what amounts to "  triage " to deal with what he said were tens of thousands of similar inquiries a year that require some level of bureau investigation . "  If you are getting this from a hot place like Afghanistan or the tribal area of Pakistan or places where we have had specific training camps and people deployed on purpose to come and attack us , then that is the highest priority , " he said . "  And even there , many of the people that go back and forth are visiting family . I mean , they are not always going back to be trained to be terrorists or always going back for refresher courses on terrorism . " Regarding Russia , Fuentes noted the ongoing conflict with Chechen separatists that may have caused Moscow 's request for information on Tsarnaev . Lohr : What we know about Chechnya "  That 's been an ongoing fight , but it 's been localized , " he said , adding that he could n't recall a case in which a Chechen trained at home came to attack the United States . However , Fuentes noted that al Qaeda had sent people to the Caucasus region for training that included bomb building . Now U.S. investigators need to find out if the Tsarnaevs "  had connections , were they deployed by a bigger group , and are there other terrorists in the United States , " Fuentes said . "  Are there other explosive devices hidden somewhere or booby traps created , a cache of weapons ? " he wondered . "  That 'll be the task . " de Waal : Suspects ' culture of migration and machismo CNN 's Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Former official : FBI uses "  triage " approach in checking out possible terror links Sen. Feinstein says the intelligence committee will hold a hearing as soon as Tuesday The FBI interviewed Tamerlan Tsarnaev before he traveled to Russia last year Some legislators question why Tsarnaev was n't questioned again on his return
OPRAH.com  -- Families all over the country are tightening their belts during this economic crisis , but some people are actually finding that cutting back can lead to richer lives . The Heinz family makes a net income of $ 58,000 a year -- but they have $ 70,000 in savings . The Heinz family makes a net income of $ 58,000 a year -- but they have $ 70,000 in savings . How did they do it ? Sue Heinz is a stay-at-home mom with four children living in Sarasota , Florida . To keep their family out of financial worry , she and her husband , Brett , have gotten thrifty . With a prepaid cell phone used only for emergencies , the family 's monthly bill is just $ 5 . By brown bagging his lunch and carpooling to work , Brett spends little money during the work week and saves $ 122 each month on gas . Sue has found a way to snip $ 550 from their yearly budget by cutting the family 's hair herself . And with a little online research , Brett found out how to do his own home repairs and says he has saved more than $ 6,000 . Sue says their thriftiness began 11 years ago when she and Brett first moved to Florida on a teacher 's salary . "  We had goals , " she says . "  We wanted to own a home , we wanted to have a big family -- and we knew we had to set our priorities to make that work . " The ride has n't been all smooth sailing , and Sue says they incurred some credit card debt along the way . "  But I 'm very happy to say , and proud to say , that we 're paying it back at nearly three times the minimum balance , " she says . Oprah.com : How to get out of credit card debt Although they 've had to cut back in certain areas , Sue says their thrifty ways have n't curbed their lifestyle one bit . "  We go to the beach once a week , we go bike riding with the kids , we do all kinds of fun things , " she says . "  There are second-run movie theaters ; there are a lot of ways to have fun without spending money . " "  It 's an alternative to living beyond our means , really , " Brett says . "  Instead of spending too much money on things , we just make choices . " Sandberg family On the other end of the spectrum , the Sandberg family is learning the need to cut back for the first time . Vicky and Mark have been married for 15 years and have two children . Until recently , the family has always brought in a double income . "  Times in the construction industry have been really tough , and four months ago I lost my job as a recruiter and as a trainer , " Vicky says . With about 40 percent of their total income gone , the family has a new set of stress . Vicky and Mark say they 've had to cut back their investment contributions toward their children 's college funds and froze their individual retirement accounts . "  My personal biggest fear is losing what we have , what we 've worked so hard for , " Mark says . Can thrifty couple Sue and Brett help Vicky and Mark find ways to cut back ? They begin with the Sandbergs ' monthly budget and discover the Sandbergs are spending $ 650 a month in department stores on things for the kids -- clothing , video games and DVDs . "  That 's a big number , " Sue says . In addition , the Sandbergs are spending $ 190 each month on their phone , Internet and cable bill and $ 350 a month eating out at restaurants . All in all , the family is spending $ 8,744 a month , which is more than they are bringing in . To get Vicky and Mark on track , Sue says they need to bring their monthly budget down to less than $ 8,000 per month . Sue gives them a basket for storing their daily receipts and a journal to write down their needs and wants . "  You 're going to take a good look and start to become extremely aware of where this money is going , " she says . First to go are all but one of Vicky and Mark 's credit cards -- for emergencies only -- in exchange for a debit card with a rewards program . "  I love the idea of having a debit card and paying as you go , " Mark says . "  I think that would relieve a lot of stress at the end of the month . " Because Vicky and Mark have two cell phones , Sue suggests dropping their landline and finds a cable company that offers a better deal . They instantly save more than $ 100 a month ! Sue takes the couple to the grocery store and teaches them how to prepare a meal for under $ 5 . There are even leftovers , which can be used for Mark 's lunches . Sue says the family can still enjoy eating out -- with the proper research . By searching online , Sue says you can find restaurants that let kids eat for free on certain nights of the week . "  Google your town 's name plus ` free stuff ' or ` kids ' free meals , ' and things pop up , " she says . Sue also has a tip to save money on the DVDs the kids ask for -- go to the library and rent the DVD for free ! In all , Sue and Brett helped Vicky and Mark find an extra $ 2,000 a month . "  It felt great because we did n't know what we were spending , " Vicky says . "  It 's really a mind-set . Mark and I have worked very hard to have what we have for our family and provide for them , but he 'd spend what he 'd spend , I would spend what I would spend and we 'd pay the bill at the end of the month , and we just were n't paying attention . " Mark is also thrilled with the family 's new money habits . "  It was a lot less stress at the end of the month , " he says . CouponMom.com With the cost of food rising and moms everywhere cringing over their grocery receipts , one mom has found a way to save her family thousands of dollars . Stephanie Nelson , founder of CouponMom.com , says she actually looks forward to grocery shopping ! Can she buy a week 's worth of food at half the price ? Stephanie begins her plan of attack by researching coupons online . "  It 's actually easier than ever to use grocery coupons today because we can use the Internet to print coupons , " she says . "  In about half an hour a week , you can make a real difference in cutting your grocery bill in half . " With coupons in hand , Stephanie hits the store and fills up her shopping cart with $ 127 worth of groceries . "  Do n't panic , " she says . "  That 's not what we 're paying . " As the clerk scans coupon after coupon , the total falls lower and lower -- until it hits $ 37.16 , a 71 percent savings ! Oprah.com : Five ways to save money on your groceries Selling your home It 's no secret that it 's a difficult time to sell a home -- so some sellers are getting creative . When Jennifer from Charleston , South Carolina , needed to sell her house , she says no one was biting . After five months and no offers in sight , Jennifer put her house on Craigslist . Two days later , it sold . Karen from Hancock , Maryland , was having trouble finding a buyer for her farmhouse , so instead of selling , she decided to raffle off her home . She sold tickets for $ 100 apiece and agreed that any extra money raised beyond the appraised value would go to charity . After selling more than 6,000 tickets , Karen was able to unload her house and give more than $ 200,000 to a local charity . If this sounds interesting to you , check the laws in your state . After two and a half years on the market , Mike and Pam from Streamwood , Illinois , needed an unconventional way to sell their home . They searched online to see if anyone wanted to swap houses and found OnlineHouseTrading.com -- did they make a match ? Oprah.com : More ways to save your dollars ! Mike and Pam found Lauren and Ryan , homeowners in Elgin , Illinois , who wanted to upgrade their home . It was the perfect match for Mike and Pam , who were looking to downsize . Mike and Pam sold their home for $ 295,000 and purchased Lauren and Ryan 's home for $ 180,000 . "  We were able to sell our house at the price we wanted , and they were able to sell their townhouse at the price they wanted , " Pam says . "  We 're all happy , " Ryan says . "  It was an even trade in the sense we both got exactly what we wanted . We were looking for a house with four bedrooms , a basement and a backyard that would be fenced in for our dogs , and we ended up getting that . " If you 're interested in finding a creative way to sell your home , make sure to check out the laws in your state first . From "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " "  The Thriftiest Family in America "  2008 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Family uses a prepaid , emergency-only cell phone for $ 5 a month Sue saves $ 550 from their yearly budget by cutting the family 's hair herself Brett suggests brown bagging your lunch and carpooling to work Jennifer put her house on Craigslist and sold it two days later
CNN  -- President Obama made it very clear : The second term is all about the domestic agenda . If only the world would cooperate . Obama outlined his goals for the next four years , sketching above all a progressive vision of a country with less inequality and more justice . And , judging by his inaugural speech , he plans to put his shoulder to the wheel . After all , much of the first term was consumed with averting a national economic catastrophe . Now he can get on with building a legacy , reviving that hope and change he promised back during the 2008 campaign . But the most subtly striking part of Obama 's inauguration speech was how it largely ignored the rest of the globe . In his 20-minute address , he dedicated perhaps one minute to foreign policy . America , he said , will "  try and resolve our differences with other nations peacefully . " He vowed the country "  will remain the anchor of strong alliances " and it will support democracy . He also declared the United States "  must be a source of hope for the poor , the sick , the marginalized , the victims of prejudice ... " and stand for "  human dignity and justice . " Opinion : Obama 's ringing defense of liberalism Beyond that , he did not spare a single word for tens of thousands killed by dictators , as they have been in Syria ; nothing about the struggle for liberal democratic rights in places like Egypt , which sets the tone for the Middle East . Nothing about repression and thwarting of freedom of expression , the rollback of democratic rights , or the push to destroy existing democracies , statements that could have come as welcome words of encouragement for people who share American values of freedom and justice in places like Egypt , China , Iran , Russia or Mali . The president should keep in mind that millions around the world yearn to know they have the backing of the most powerful country on Earth . As he surely knows , even his words make a big difference . And while Obama plans to dedicate his efforts to the domestic agenda , a number of brewing international crises are sure to steal his attention and demand his time . Here are a few of the foreign policy issues that , like it or not , may force Obama to divert his focus from domestic concerns in this new term . Opinion : Obama finally meets Machiavelli Syria unraveling : The United Nations says more than 60,000 people have already died in a civil war that the West has , to its shame , done little to keep from spinning out of control . Washington has warned that the use of chemical or biological weapons might force its hand . But the regime may have already used them . The West has failed to nurture a moderate force in the conflict . Now Islamist extremists are growing more powerful within the opposition . The chances are growing that worst-case scenarios will materialize . Washington will not be able to endlessly ignore this dangerous war . Egypt and the challenge of democracy : What happens in Egypt strongly influences the rest of the Middle East -- and hence world peace -- which makes it all the more troubling to see liberal democratic forces lose battle after battle for political influence against Islamist parties , and to hear blatantly anti-Semitic speech coming from the mouth of Mohammed Morsy barely two years before he became president . Iran 's nuclear program : Obama took office promising a new , more conciliatory effort to persuade Iran to drop its nuclear enrichment program . Four years later , he has succeeded in implementing international sanctions , but Iran has continued enriching uranium , leading United Nations inspectors to find "  credible evidence " that Tehran is working on nuclear weapons . Sooner or later the moment of truth will arrive . If a deal is not reached , Obama will have to decide if he wants to be the president on whose watch a nuclear weapons race was unleashed in the most dangerous and unstable part of the world . North Africa terrorism : A much-neglected region of the world is becoming increasingly difficult to disregard . In recent days , Islamist extremists took American and other hostages in Algeria and France sent its military to fight advancing Islamist extremists in Mali , a country that once represented optimism for democratic rule in Africa , now overtaken by militants who are potentially turning it into a staging ground for international terrorism . Russia repression : As Russian President Vladimir Putin succeeds in crushing opposition to his increasingly authoritarian rule , he and his allies are making anti-American words and policies their favorite theme . A recent ban on adoption of Russian orphans by American parents is only the most vile example . But Washington needs Russian cooperation to achieve its goals at the U.N. regarding Iran , Syria and other matters . It is a complicated problem with which Obama will have to wrestle . A tale of two terms : Unfinished business and battles ahead Then there are the long-standing challenges that could take a turn for the worse , such as the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Obama may not want to wade into that morass again , but events may force his hand . And there are the so-called "  black swans , " events of low probability and high impact . There is talk that China and Japan could go to war over a cluster of disputed islands . A war between two of the world 's largest economies could prove devastating to the global economy , just as a sudden and dramatic reversal in the fragile Eurozone economy could spell disaster . Japan 's is only the hottest of many territorial disputes between China and its Asian neighbors . Then there 's North Korea with its nuclear weapons . We could see regions that have garnered little attention come back to the forefront , such as Latin America , where conflict could arise in a post-Hugo Chavez Venezuela . Four priorities for the next four years The president -- and the country -- could also benefit from unexpectedly positive outcomes . Imagine a happy turn of events in Iran , a breakthrough between Israelis and Palestinians , the return of prosperity in Europe , a successful push by liberal democratic forces in the Arab uprising countries , which could create new opportunities , lowering risks around the world , easing trade , restoring confidence and improving the chances for the very agenda Obama described in his inaugural speech . The aspirations he expressed for America are the ones he should express for our tumultuous planet . Perhaps in his next big speech , the State of the Union , he can remember America 's leadership position and devote more attention to those around the world who see it as a source of inspiration and encouragement . Obama 's second-term priorities After all , in this second term Obama will not be able to devote as small a portion of his attention to foreign policy as he did during his inaugural speech . International disengagement is not an option . As others before Obama have discovered , history has a habit of toying with the best laid , most well-intentioned plans of American presidents . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	President Obama devoted nearly all his Inaugural speech to domestic issues Frida Ghitis says there are world crises that will command Obama 's attention She says turmoil in Middle East , repression in Russia , tension in Asia are urgent issues
CNN  -- The year 1989 launched the Dubai Desert Classic golf tournament and the baseball film ` Field of Dreams ' but the latter 's famous line about how building a sports field in an unlikely setting would draw in major players can certainly apply to both . In fact , there are few better examples than what is today the Emirates Golf Club . Twenty-five years ago , the course was surrounded by acres of barren desert -- with barely a skyscraper to be seen in what was little more than a sleepy United Arab Emirates trading post . Nonetheless , the rulers of Dubai had the finances and inclination to back their extraordinary vision for what is reality today . They also had the verbal skills to persuade European PGA Tour organizers to stage an event far from their traditional home -- and in Asia for the first time . The results have been spectacular . On Tuesday , the roll call of champions that turned out to celebrate the Dubai Desert Classic 's 25th birthday included some of the greatest names in the sport : Tiger Woods , Jose Maria Olazabal , Ernie Els , Fred Couples and Colin Montgomerie among others . Mark James , the first man to win a tournament originally called the Karl Litten Desert Classic , was also in attendance . The only one of the 21 former winners to miss the anniversary was Seve Ballesteros , who died three years ago , but the legendary Spaniard was represented by son Javier . The 23-year-old law student , who made his debut on the Challenge Tour last April , went round in a respectable two-over par . Yet most eyes were , as usual , on Woods , especially after the world No. 1 's disastrous seven-over round at the weekend at Torrey Pines , a course where he has recorded eight victories . Woods finished in a tie for eighth position , paying the penalty for a double bogey after finding water on the 18th , but he seemed wholly untroubled by his poor start to the season as he played alongside Fred Couples and Stephen Gallacher , who won last year 's Desert Classic . "  Playing with Fred is always a blast , " Woods told the Dubai Desert Classic 's official website . "  I have known him for so long and he is almost like a big brother to me . " The 14-time major winner first played in Dubai in 2001 , when his reported appearance fee of $ 3 million generated plenty of global headlines . He has gone on to win the tournament twice , with his last victory coming in 2008 -- the same year as his last major triumph . Tuesday 's event was won by Sweden 's Henrik Stenson and Rafa Cabrera-Bello of Spain , who share the Champions Challenge trophy after both finished six-under par . "  It 's a great place for me , it 's always good fun to be back and celebrating the 25th anniversary this year is also very special , " said world No. 3 Stenson , who lived in Dubai for nearly a decade . "  There 's not many tournaments going on for that many years and we had a great roll of champions here so it 's been a good event . " Yet the real contest will take place on Thursday , with a strong field featuring Woods , Stenson and Rory McIlroy among others . There will also be a special place for Barry Lane , the 53-year-old Englishman who is the only player to have contested every single edition of the tournament . Having finished sixth in the inaugural event , he has witnessed at first hand the remarkable transformation of Dubai from empty space to thriving international metropolis -- a genuine field of dreams .	Some of golf 's biggest names celebrate the 25th birthday of the Dubai Desert Classic Woods , Els , Couples and Olazabal among those playing an invitational tournament Tuesday Woods in relaxed mood despite poor start to the season at Torrey Pines
Washington  CNN  -- We all know about the power of born-again and evangelical voters in the Iowa Republican presidential caucuses . Four years ago , three out of every five Iowans who attended a GOP precinct caucus described themselves that way , and they handed Baptist minister and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee an upset victory over former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann , Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum would like to repeat that trick again on Tuesday . Whether 60 % of the 2012 Iowa GOP caucus vote will be made up of self-described born-again or evangelical voters again , and whether any one of those candidates will be able to scoop up almost half of them as as Huckabee did , remains to be seen . But even if Bachmann , Perry or Santorum can repeat Huckabee 's feat , then what ? New Hampshire 's Yankee Republicans have been notoriously skeptical of what they perceive as holy rollers roaring out of Iowa . Huckabee could only manage a distant third-place finish with 11 % of the vote in the 2008 Granite State primary . And when the 1988 Iowa caucuses elevated televangelist Pat Robertson with a second-place finish that year , he could only manage a fifth-place showing and 9 % of the vote in the New Hampshire GOP primary . Both Huckabee and Robertson quickly headed to South Carolina to try to resuscitate their campaigns in its primary , but there were no revivals : Huckabee finished second there , and Robertson third . CNN surveyed 64 Iowa GOP insiders , including state legislators , local elected and party officials , veterans of previous caucus campaigns , and other party operatives , and asked them if a relatively strong showing by any of this year 's more conservative trio could lead to a legitimate run for the GOP nomination by rallying the faith vote . And in the state that knows that vote well , there were doubters . If Bachmann , Perry or Santorum is able to finish in the top three in the caucuses , do you think that candidate will be able to consolidate the born-again/evangelical vote and become a significant factor in the GOP nominating contest ?  $ cents Yes : 46 %  $ cents No : 54 % The Iowa GOP insiders ' skepticism was informed in part at least by what happened four years ago . "  Huckabee could n't do it and he was a much better candidate , " observed one Iowa GOP insider . Maybe Santorum or Bachmann or Perry could consolidate the religious vote for a while , allowed another GOP insider : "  Be a significant factor in the GOP nominating contest ? No , the Huckabee campaign confirmed this in 2008 . " RELATED : Two out of three think Romney will win RELATED : Some Iowa Republicans want more options And even several of those yeses were qualified . "  Bachmann and Perry are finished , they just do n't know it yet , " said one Iowa GOP insider dismissively . "  Santorum could ride the wave for a while , but I doubt to the nomination . " Another echoed , "  Santorum could become the anti-Mitt , but  the  lack of a national organization and fundraising will be an impediment . He 'd need to suddenly catch fire in South Carolina and he 'll have a tough time with resources in Florida . " The CNN Iowa GOP insiders were surveyed from the evening of December 27 through the morning of December 30 . Most of the survey was conducted over the Internet ; some interviews were conducted by phone . The Iowa insiders were given anonymity for their individual answers in order to encourage candid responses . And while some insiders were aligned with one or another of the presidential campaigns , more than two-thirds said they had not endorsed and were not working for any candidate in the race . Here are the names of the participants in the survey : Chad Airhart , Tim Albrecht , Bill Anderson , Lon Anderson , Becky Beach , Carmine Boal , Jeff Boeyink , Michael Bousselot , Danny Carroll , James Centers , Tim Coonan , Peter Cownie , Mikel Derby , Paula Dierenfeld , Brian Dumas , Ed Failor Jr. , Susan Fenton , Brenna Findley , Christian Fong , Dave Funk , Tracie Gilbert , John Gilliland , Gary Grant , Pat Grassley , Adam Gregg , Sandy Greiner , Steve Grubbs , Chris Hagenow , Robert Haus , Erik Helland , Matt Hinch , Mark Hudson , Caleb Hunter , Stew Iverson , David Jamison , Eric Johansen , Jake Ketzner , Gary Kirke , Jeff Lamberti , Jill Latham , Don McDowell , Christopher McGowan , Bill Northey , Chad Olsen , Noreen Otto , Christopher Rants , Steve Roberts , Craig Robinson , Dave Roederer , Brett Rogers , Richard Rogers , Stacey Rogers , Nick Ryan , Renne Schulte , Rich Schwarm , Mike St. Clair , Suzan Stewart , Ted Stopulos , Cameron Sutton , Ed Wallace , Andy Warren , Nicole Woodroffe , Eric Woolson , Grant Young .	Iowa evangelicals wield power in the GOP presidential selection process Bachmann , Perry and Santorum are favorites among social conservatives But their ability to consolidate power is questioned
CNN  -- Egypt 's president-elect , Mohamed Morsi , told a packed Tahrir Square on Friday that the people are the source of his authority as the country 's first democratically elected leader . "  The whole nation is listening to me , " he said in Cairo , referring to political and military leaders and all Egyptians . "  There is no authority above the authority of the people . " Morsi will be sworn in Saturday . The incoming president promised to protect the rights of all Egyptians , whether they voted for him or not . "  No rights will be taken from anyone who says no to me , " he said . The Islamist leader called being elected president a great honor . "  I cherish this mission , " he said . At the end of his speech , Morsi referred to Sheikh Omar Abdel-Rahman , the blind Egyptian cleric serving a life sentence in the United States for a conspiracy conviction in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing . He said he wanted to work to free political prisoners , which he said include Abdel-Rahman . "  Their rights will be on my shoulders , and I wo n't spare effort " to free them , he said . His speech Friday echoed earlier promises he made insisting that he would not create a fundamentalist Islamic state . Morsi leads the Freedom and Justice Party , the political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood , and some Egyptians were concerned about a shift toward an Islamic state . "  I will faithfully execute and preserve the republican system and respect for law and sovereignty , " he said . Morsi , 60 , was declared president Sunday after he took 52 % of the vote to 48 % for Ahmed Shafik , the final prime minister to serve under President Hosni Mubarak before he was ousted . During the historic campaign for president , Morsi said he would support democracy , women 's rights and peaceful relations with Israel if he won . "  I will keep in touch with everyone , and I do not differentiate between supporters and opposition . I will seek advice from you and from Allah almighty , " he said .	Mohamed Morsi will be sworn in Saturday He told a packed crowd at Tahrir Square that his authority comes from all Egyptians He said he would fight to release political prisoners , including Sheikh Omar Abdel-Rahman
CNN  -- An adoptive mother has been charged with murdering her 9-year-old quadriplegic daughter , prosecutors in Michigan said Friday . An official says Shylea Thomas , 9 , had a "  suffocation issue " at 3 weeks old that made her quadriplegic . Lorrie Thomas was charged with second-degree murder and child abuse in the death of Shylea Myza Thomas , said John Potbury , an assistant prosecutor with the Genesee County Prosecutor 's Office in Flint , Michigan . Thomas is also charged with tampering with evidence . Thomas , who is the girl 's biological aunt , made no immediate public statement . Police found the girl 's body this week , stuffed inside a garbage bag in a public storage facility in Vienna Township , near Flint , said Genesee County prosecutor David Leyton . The bag was covered in mothballs "  in an apparent attempt to mask odors from the dead body , " Leyton 's office said in a news release . "  This is a very sad and tragic case that hurts all of us involved in the ongoing investigation , " Leyton said . Shylea had not been seen in six weeks , but relatives did not report her missing until Tuesday , Leyton 's office said . Thomas had been taken into custody earlier this week and held as a suspect . Because of her physical disabilities , Shylea had to use a feeding tube . She suffered from quadriplegia because of a "  suffocation issue " in her crib at 3 weeks of age , Leyton said . Leyton said Shylea and other relatives had lived in "  absolutely filthy " conditions . Relatives told CNN affiliate WJRT that they remember Shylea as a happy child who loved music and had an infectious smile . "  The last memory I actually have of Shylea is seeing her when she was in my care , " said her second cousin , Josette Thomas . "  She was on the bed listening to the radio and smiling . Those are actually the memories I want to keep in my head . I do n't want that memory to leave me . "	NEW : Adoptive mom charged with murder of quadriplegic girl , 9 Lorrie Thomas also was child 's biological aunt Shylea had not been seen in six weeks , was reported missing Tuesday Body was found in mothballs and trash bag at Michigan storage facility
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India 's prime minister said he has nothing to hide and would be "  happy " to appear before a parliamentary panel looking into a multi-billion dollar telecom scandal . "  I wish to state categorically that I have nothing to hide from the public at large , and as a proof of my bona fides , I intend to write to the chairman of the Public Accounts Committee that I shall be happy to appear before the PAC if it chooses to ask me to do so , " Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said in a speech at a national meeting of the ruling Congress party . "  I sincerely believe that , like Caesar 's wife , the prime minister should be above suspicion , and it is for this reason that I am prepared to appear before the PAC even though there is no precedent to this effect . " Opposition parties have stepped up their attacks on Singh , hailed as the father of India 's economic reforms , since the country 's main auditor reported in November that a sale of a second-generation wireless spectrum two years ago had been carried out at below-market prices . According to the government audit , the treasury lost up to $ 31 billion from under-valuation of airwaves . The alleged scam , seen as the biggest to hit India in recent times , has forced the country 's Telecom Minister A. Raja , to step down . Raja , member of a key regional ally of Singh 's Congress party , denies the charges . But opposition lawmakers are seeking a larger probe into the 2008 phone-license awards , and accuse Singh of having not acted swiftly . India 's prime minister , on his part , insists the wrongdoers will be punished . "  It is my promise to you that no guilty person will be spared -- whether he is a political leader or a government official , whichever party he may belong to and howsoever powerful he may be , " Singh said Monday . The damning audit report came on the heels of allegations of massive fraud in sports and real estate . Investigators are already probing complaints of financial malfeasance in the Commonwealth Games that India hosted in October . And several politicians , military officials and bureaucrats are the subjects of a separate inquiry for allegedly taking apartments meant for war-widows . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Opposition parties have stepped up their attacks on Singh An audit shows government sold airwaves at under value The audit follows massive fraud in sports and real-estate
CNN  -- Barcelona defender Eric Abidal returned to training Wednesday after seven months on the sidelines following a liver transplant . The 33-year-old was delighted to be back in action as he told the official website of the Catalan giants . "  I 've been thinking about training will the ball for a long time , " the 33-year-old said . "  Today is the first day . I 'm tired , but happy . I think from now on my path to recovery will go well . " The world of football was stunned when Abidal was diagnosed with a liver tumor in May 2011 , but he made a remarkable recovery to reclaim his place in the first team squad at the Camp Nou . But further complications arose in March which necessitated the transplant operation and another lengthy spell of rehabilitation . Abidal , hugely popular with the Barca fans , began his career with Monaco before moving to Lille in 2002 . It was after leaving Lille to join Lyon in 2004 that he rose to prominence . Blog : Does international soccer need a shake up ? Following three French First Division triumphs Abidal moved to Barcelona in June 2007 . Since moving to Spain , Abidal has collected a host of honors . He was a part of the Barca squad which won three consecutive La Liga titles between 2009 and 2011 . Abidal has collected a Cop del Rey winner 's medal on two occasions and helped Barca clinch European Champions League glory in 2009 and 2011 . In addition to his achievements at club level , Abidal has collected 61 caps for France . He was part of the Les Bleus squad which finished as runners-up at the 2006 FIFA World Cup .	Barcelona defender Eric Abidal returns to training The French left-back has been out for seven months following a liver transplant Abidal has been at Barca since 2007 and has twice won the European Champions League He was part of the French squad which lost to Italy in the 2006 World Cup final
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The 24-year-old son of the late Benazir Bhutto , groomed to take the reins of power in Pakistan , came of age politically Thursday , exactly five years after the assassination of his mother . Bilawal Bhutto-Zardari flexed his tender political muscles at a rally with his father , Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , near the family home in Sindh province ahead of next year 's elections . He delivered a political stump speech acknowledging problems in Pakistan , such as the devastation caused by floods . He also slammed the terror that led to his mother 's killing and asked why there have been no convictions for the crime . He also backed Malala Yousafzai , the young Pakistani blogger who became an international cause celebre after she was shot by the Taliban in October this year for supporting the education of girls -- a practice much reviled and feared by Islamic militants . Bhutto-Zardari said that the government has adopted law that protects women in property disputes and from domestic abuse . He tied the assault on Malala to the killing of his mother , condemning and confidently rejecting threats . "  To those who attack Malala , I say , if you attack one Malala , thousands of Malalas will be born , " he said . "  We are the followers of Bhutto . If you kill one Bhutto , a Bhutto will emerge from each household . " For every Benazir Bhutto slain , or martyred , he said , "  every woman will become a Benazir . " "  You will stamp out one lantern , then millions of lights will burn bright . " Bhutto , the first woman elected prime minister in a Muslim nation , led Pakistan twice , from 1988 to 1990 and then again from 1993 to 1996 . Both times she was prime minister , she was dismissed from office amid allegations of corruption . She was killed in 2007 , shortly after returning to Pakistan from a self-imposed , eight-year exile to run in the country 's general elections . Bhutto-Zardari lived most of his life in Dubai and London during his family 's exile . After his mother 's death , he was picked to serve as chairman of the Pakistan People 's Party , the ruling political party . "  Our party will never fear any terrorist , " he told the crowd Thursday in Urdu , the Pakistani language that is n't his native tongue . "  Our road is the road to democracy . " His speech had a populist tinge and a warning to his party 's enemies . "  Bhuttoism is an ideology for the poor , " he said . "  You will cut our hands , but we will raise our flags . They will sew our lips , but we will chant , ` Long live Bhutto . ' " After the speech , President Zardari , who also has been accused of corruption , took the podium after his son spoke , beaming with pride . "  He has to learn with you . He has to learn about Pakistan , learn how to work with you , learn your thinking . And God willing , his elders and your elders are with him , " he said . He told the crowd that Bhutto-Zardari 's "  education is finished , and his training has begun . " "  The nation is yours , it is with you , we are all with you , congratulations to Bilawal and the coming generations , " he said . One Pakistani journalist was quick to praise Bhutto-Zardari for his command of Urdu -- seen as a political feat of sorts . Hamid Mir , speaking on GEO TV , said that Bhutto-Zardari "  can not speak Urdu clearly , and this speech was very impressive because he worked very hard to spontaneously deliver the speech in perfect Urdu . " Five years on though , the Bhutto murder case remains unresolved . A Pakistani special prosecutor accused a court of dragging out the case against five men accused in connection with the December 27 , 2007 , killing of Bhutto . "  Several times , the court has rejected our request " for hearings in the case , Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali , a special prosecutor with the Federal Investigation Agency , told CNN on Wednesday . Read more : 7 indicted in connection with Bhutto assassination The five men , who were indicted by an anti-terror court , are accused of having links to Beitullah Mehsud , the late leader of the Pakistani Taliban believed to be the mastermind behind the attack on Bhutto . The men are due back in court on January 5 , Ali said . Read more : Who are the Pakistan Taliban ? The special prosecutor has sent two letters to Interpol asking for the arrest of former President Pervez Musharraf , who has been accused of failing to protect Bhutto despite threats to her life . Watch : Video is of escapee who tried to kill Pakistan 's former president , say police Musharraf has been in self-imposed exile in London and Dubai after leaving Pakistan in 2008 . In August 2012 , Pakistani authorities confiscated his property and froze his bank account . The former military ruler has denied having anything to do with Bhutto 's killing . Bhutto survived an assassination attempt in October 2007 in Karachi during her homecoming that killed 139 people . The following December , she was killed in a gun-suicide bomb attack as she was wrapping up a campaign rally in Rawalpindi ahead of parliamentary elections . Mehsud , the alleged architect of the attack , was killed in a U.S. drone strike in August 2009 in Pakistan 's volatile Waziristan province , according to authorities . He denied being behind the attack on Bhutto , according to statements released by his spokesman shortly after the former prime minister 's killing . But authorities said Mehsud chose a teenager from his own tribe to act as the as the suicide bomber in the attack on Bhutto . The suicide bomber was taken to Rawalpindi by three members of the Taliban , who handed him over to two others who provided him temporary housing and gave him information on when and where Bhutto could be targeted , according to Ali , the special prosecutor . Read more : Pakistan police : 3 boys arrested on way to suicide bomb training CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : Kill a Bhutto and another will emerge , the young Bhutto-Zardari said NEW : Pakistani President Asif Zardari says his son 's training has begun Benazir Bhutto was killed five years ago in a gun-suicide bomb attack Thousands gathered near the home to mark the fifth anniversary of her death
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney said Monday that he does not believe Saddam Hussein was involved in the planning or execution of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . Former Vice President Dick Cheney says Saddam Hussein "  provided sanctuary ... and resources to terrorists . " He strongly defended the Bush administration 's decision to invade Iraq , however , arguing that Hussein 's previous support for known terrorists was a serious danger after 9/11 . Cheney , in an appearance at the National Press Club , also said he is intent on speaking out in defense of the Bush administration 's national security record because "  a clear understanding of policies that worked -LSB- in protecting the United States -RSB- is essential . " "  I do not believe and have never seen any evidence to confirm that -LSB- Hussein -RSB- was involved in 9/11 . We had that reporting for a while , -LSB- but -RSB- eventually it turned out not to be true , " Cheney conceded . But Hussein was "  somebody who provided sanctuary and safe harbor and resources to terrorists . ... -LSB- It -RSB- is , without question , a fact . " Cheney restated his claim that "  there was a relationship between al Qaeda and Iraq that stretched back 10 years . It 's not something I made up . ... We know for a fact that Saddam Hussein was a sponsor -- a state sponsor -- of terror . It 's not my judgment . That was the judgment of our -LSB- intelligence community -RSB- and State Department . " The former vice president said in 2004 that the evidence was "  overwhelming " that al Qaeda had a relationship with Hussein 's regime in Iraq , and that media reports suggesting that the commission investigating the 9/11 attacks reached a contradictory conclusion were "  irresponsible . " "  There clearly was a relationship . It 's been testified to . The evidence is overwhelming , " Cheney said at the time . "  It goes back to the early '90s . It involves a whole series of contacts , high-level contacts with Osama bin Laden and Iraqi intelligence officials . " On Monday , though , Cheney identified former CIA Director George Tenet as the "  prime source of information " on the relationship between Iraq and al Qaeda . Tenet "  testified , if you go back and check the record , in the fall of -LSB- 2002 -RSB- before the Senate Intelligence Committee -- in open session -- that there was a relationship , " Cheney said . Hussein was captured by U.S. forces in Iraq in December 2003 . In November 2006 , the former Iraqi leader was convicted of crimes against humanity and sentenced to death . He was executed the following December . Cheney said on June 17 , 2004 that the evidence was "  overwhelming " that al Qaeda had a relationship with Hussein 's regime in Iraq , and said media reports suggesting that the 9/11 commission has reached a contradictory conclusion were "  irresponsible . " Among other things Monday , Cheney also called the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention center a "  good facility ... if you are going to be engaged in a world conflict , such as we are , in terms of global war on terrorism . You know , if you do n't have a place where you can hold these people , the only other option is to kill them . And we do n't operate that way . " Watch what Cheney has to say about the detention facility " He reiterated his call for President Obama to declassify documents detailing the results of "  enhanced interrogations " of high-value detainees . Since Obama has already released memos detailing the interrogation methods , Cheney said , it is important to share the results of those interrogations with the public as well . "  I would not ordinarily be leading the charge to declassify classified information , otherwise they would n't call me Darth Vader for nothing , " Cheney said . But "  once the -LSB- Obama -RSB- administration released the legal memos that gave the opinions that were used to guide the interrogation program , they 'd given away the store . ... I -LSB- therefore -RSB- thought it was important to have the results that were gained from that interrogation program front and center as well . " On May 14 , the CIA rejected the former vice president 's request to declassify the documents . CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano , in a written statement , said the two documents are the subject of pending lawsuits and therefore can not be declassified . Cheney said Monday that the memos previously released also were the subject of ongoing lawsuits . He said Obama can release the additional documents with "  the stroke of a pen . " On May 21 , Cheney gave a full-throated defense of the Bush administration 's enhanced interrogations of al Qaeda prisoners during an appearance at the conservative American Enterprise Institute . He has said that the interrogations saved the lives of "  thousands , perhaps hundreds of thousands . " He called the techniques the Bush administration approved "  legal , essential , justified , successful and the right thing to do . "	Ex-VP backs Bush administration invasion of Iraq , says Hussein supported terror He says it 's essential to understand "  policies that worked " in protecting United States Cheney says Guantanamo Bay detention center is needed amid war on terrorism He reiterates his call to declassify documents detailing interrogations of detainees
CNN  -- For the first time Apple stores will soon let iPhone owners trade in their old phones for credit toward a new one , according to multiple reports . According to Apple-centric blog MacRumors , several sources say Apple store employees are currently being trained on the new program , which could go into effect around Apple 's September 10 event , when new iPhones are expected to be introduced . That would let iPhone owners exchange their older handsets for an iPhone 5S , or whatever the new phone is called . In June , Bloomberg quoted unnamed sources saying that Apple was working with recycling company Brightstar and that trade-ins could be refurbished by Apple and resold in emerging markets throughout the world . During Apple 's most recent earnings call , CEO Tim Cook said he was "  not opposed " to in-store trade-ins . "  I see channels doing it , and I like the environmental aspect of it , and so that part of it really is encouraging to me , " he said . The "  channels " he referred to are third-party vendors of Apple products , such as Best Buy , AT&T and Verizon . The blog 9to5Mac says some Apple stores , including several in Dallas , Texas , already are running a limited pilot program . According to the reports , people who bring in an older phone , like an iPhone 4 or iPhone 4S would get a gift card that could be applied to an iPhone 5 . Presumably , the 5 would be added to the list of phones that can be traded in for a discount on the next iPhone . It 's not clear whether earlier models , such as an iPhone 3 or 3G , would be eligible for trade-ins , although given their limited resale value that seems unlikely . Apple already has a similar mail-in rebate program . But the convenience of doing so in person , and walking out with a new phone instead of waiting for days or weeks , would be a big upgrade in terms of convenience . If recent history is any guide , Apple 's next iPhone will go on sale in mid - to late September and will likely to be called either the iPhone 6 or iPhone 5S . The company has not made an official announcement , but multiple observers expect Apple to announce the phone September 10 and begin selling it in stores about 10 days later . The company has released a new iPhone model every year , and the release dates have all been in the summer or fall . The iPhone 5 came out in September 2012 , the iPhone 4S in October 2011 , and the three versions before that in the summer months . The company is also rumored to be working on a cheaper version of the iPhone that would be sold in emerging markets . Other reports have speculated on features ranging from a larger , 4.7-inch display screen to a fingerprint scanner to an option to buy a gold iPhone .	Apple reportedly launching an iPhone trade-in program Users could get a discount on new phone by trading in old ones A new iPhone is expected to be introduced on September 10
CNN  -- Mitt Romney stated Monday that President Barack Obama "  has not signed one new free-trade agreement in the past four years . " "  I 'll reverse that failure , " the Republican presidential nominee said . But is his assertion true ? The facts : While he angered his allies in organized labor , Obama secured congressional approval of free-trade deals with Colombia , Panama and South Korea , and signed them in October 2011 . The term "  new " in Romney 's remarks concerning trade deals appears to be a reference to the fact that work on the three separate trade agreements began in 2007 , when George W. Bush was president . But it was Obama who re-negotiated the passage of the three deals with a Congress that has been identified more for its legislative gridlock , than its passage of such deals . Fact Check : Was Obama ` silent ' on Iran 2009 protests ? "  It takes a lot of capital to get trade deals through Congress , and it 's particularly tough to do when the economy is weak , " said Gary Hufbauer , senior fellow at Peterson Institute for International Economics . In a rare moment of bipartisanship in Washington , House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , issued a statement on the day Obama signed the agreement saying "  years of perseverance have been rewarded today as American job creators will have new opportunities to expand and hire as they access new markets abroad . " Obama re-negotiated aspects of the deal with South Korea to secure additional market access for U.S. auto manufacturers . He also added language into the deal with Colombia to protect the rights of Colombian workers , and addressed concerns with tax transparency in Panama . Speaking with reporters Monday aboard Air Force One as the president traveled to California , a spokeswoman for the Obama campaign challenged Romney 's assertion that Obama had not signed a "  new " free-trade agreement . "  That is not only absurd , it 's inaccurate , " said Jen Psaki , traveling press secretary for the Obama campaign . "  He 's basing it on an absurd premise that President Bush signed a couple of trade agreements , but the fact remains that the president renegotiated the trade agreements -- made them better for American workers , made them better for the American auto industry and the American meat industry -- and that 's why we not only got them through Congress , but the president actually signed them into law . " Fact Check : Did Obama say he wants ` daylight ' between U.S. , Israel ? In addition to the three trade agreements , Obama has continued the Bush administration 's effort to form a trans-Pacific free-trade zone , which would include up to 11 economies across the Asia-Pacific region . The fourteenth round of negotiations for the proposed zone took place last month in Leesburg , Virginia , with another round scheduled to take place in New Zealand in December . The administration has said its goal in continuing the negotiations is to support the creation of jobs in the United States , and an increase in exports to a region that represents more than 40 % of global trade . The Obama administration is also exploring the possibility of free-trade talks with the 27-nation European Union . A decision on whether to launch such negotiations is expected soon . An economist who follows trade policy , though , says that pursuing free-trade deals does not appear to be a top priority of the Obama administration . Administration officials are "  not very enthusiastic " about negotiating new free-trade agreements in the current political environment , according to Barry Bosworth , a senior fellow in economic studies at the Brookings Institution , a nonpartisan Washington think tank . Fact Check : Romney 's comparison of past , present Navy pointless With the expiration of fast-track trade negotiation authority in 2007 , any agreement started by the administration would go through an amendments process , as opposed to a straight up-or-down vote in the Senate . In the absence of fast-track authority , no country would put their best offers forward in negotiations with the executive branch if that would only be amended as it traveled through both houses of Congress , said Bosworth . "  Neither side trusts the other when it comes to trade " in today 's polarized political environment , so movement is not likely as long as the executive and legislative branches are controlled by different parties , added Bosworth . Conclusion : While President Obama continued trade agreements begun under the previous administration , it is not accurate to assert that Obama has not signed any free trade agreements when , in fact , he has done so with South Korea , Panama and Colombia . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks	Mitt Romney says Obama "  has not signed one new free-trade agreement " An Obama spokeswoman calls that statement "  absurd " and "  inaccurate " Obama signed a free trade deal in 2011 , based on talks that began years earlier The president re-negotiated pacts with Panama , Colombia and South Korea
CNN  -- Sen. Mitch McConnell trounced his tea party-backed opponent in Kentucky 's Republican primary , leading a quartet of establishment GOP candidates to victories around the country Tuesday . After an expensive and bitter campaign , the Senate minority leader led defeated challenger Matt Bevin 60 % -36 % , with 97 % of precincts reporting , according to numbers compiled by The Associated Press . In addition to Kentucky , more moderate candidates won in Republican Senate primaries in Georgia and Oregon and in a House showdown in Idaho . And the results in Kentucky , Georgia and Oregon could improve the GOP 's chances of taking back control of the Senate come November 's midterm elections . Democrats hold a 55-45 voting majority in the Senate . They 're defending 21 of the 36 seats in play , half of them in Republican-leaning states or states where the two parties have similar levels of support . The only states where the Democrats hope to play offense are Kentucky and Georgia . If the GOP flips six Democratic held seats , they will win control of the Senate and McConnell will get a promotion from minority leader to majority leader . "  We can take the reins of power away from Harry Reid and make this President accountable , " McConnell said in his victory speech . "  Make me the majority leader , and Kentucky will lead America . " How McConnell crushed the tea party Here are rundowns in the other state races : Georgia : Republican businessman David Perdue will face Rep. Jack Kingston in a runoff in July . Perdue got 30 % of the vote ; Kingston received 27 % , according to numbers complied by The Associated Press . Perdue and Kingston beat out a trio of more conservative candidates in the GOP primary . Among Democrats , Michelle Nunn easily won in her bid to follow in the footsteps of her father , longtime Sen. Sam Nunn . Oregon : Sen. Jeff Merkley easily won the Democratic primary , and pediatric neurosurgeon Monica Wehby is the projected winner of the GOP Senate primary , topping a more conservative rival . Idaho : Rep. Mike Simpson won the GOP primary in the state 's 2nd Congressional District , defeating tea party candidate Bryan Smith . 5 key primaries to watch Tuesday Ugly and expensive race Bevin , a businessman from Louisville , announced last summer he would challenge McConnell . He quickly gained the support of tea party activists and some influential Washington-based anti-establishment groups . The race between the two men quickly turned ugly , and expensive , as both campaigns and outside groups spent big bucks . The Senate Conservatives Fund dished out $ 1 million to support Bevin . But the group recently fell quiet with McConnell 's formidable lead in public opinion polls . McConnell had a large campaign war chest , as well as backing from two Kentucky-based super PACs , and such powerful national groups as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Rifle Association . Calls for unity Soon after the race in Kentucky was called for McConnell , two of the groups backing Bevin -- the Senate Conservatives Fund and the Madison Project -- closed ranks behind the Senate minority leader . "  Now it 's time for Republicans to unite for victory in November , " said a statement from the Senate Conservatives Fund . McConnell now faces a much tougher test against Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes . Grimes , considered a rising Democratic star , faced no real opposition in her primary and already has had big names -- such as former President Bill Clinton -- team up with her on the campaign trail . Grimes connected to big donors , big hitters Speaking to supporters who held up signs that read "  Obama needs Alison Grimes " and "  Kentucky needs Mitch McConnell , " McConnell previewed his primary election theme : tying his opponent to President Obama , who lost Kentucky big in 2012 and is highly unpopular there now . "  My opponent is in this race because Barack Obama and Harry Reid want her to be in this race , " said McConnell , adding that "  a vote for my opponent is a vote for Obamacare and the President who sold it to us on a mountain of lies . " The pro-McConnell outside group Kentuckians for Strong Leadership said they would spend nearly $ 600,000 starting Wednesday to run a television commercial that ties Grimes to Obama . Grimes , who spoke at her victory celebration just minutes after McConnell 's speech ended , fired back . "  I 'm here to tell you tonight , my fellow Kentuckians , I am not an empty dress , I am not a rubber stamp and I am not a cheerleader . I am a strong Kentucky woman who is an independent thinker who , when I 'm Kentucky 's next senator , the decisions I make will be what 's best for the people of the Commonwealth of Kentucky , not partisan interests , " Grimes declared . She 's expected to use McConnell 's GOP leader status and his frequent moves to block legislation to make him the symbol of gridlock in Washington . The most recent polling indicates the two candidates are all tied up . When all 's said and done , the race could become the most expensive Senate campaign in history , breaking the $ 82 million record set in the 2012 Senate battle in Massachusetts . Key races to watch CNN 's Steve Brusk , Dana Davidsen and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	David Perdue and Jack Kingston will have a runoff in Georgia 's GOP Senate primary In Oregon , Sen. Jeff Merkley , Dr. Monica Wehby win Democratic , GOP Senate primaries Six states held primary elections Tuesday Republican Sen. Mitch McConnell faces Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes
CNN  -- Winter-weary residents in the Great Plains are bracing for yet another blow this week , compliments of a system that spent Sunday pounding those in and around Denver with high winds and heavy snow . The Colorado capital had already gotten over 8 inches of snow by 5:30 p.m. MT  7:30 p.m. ET  . The snow socked the city 's main airport , where more than 200 of 1,500 flights had been canceled and other travelers faced average delays of more than 4 hours on Sunday night , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . Even more snow had fallen in other places , including 19 inches in Jefferson , about 70 miles southwest of Denver . By Sunday night , the worst was over for much of Colorado , though not for points east , which are expected to be hammered to start the workweek . That includes several Plains states , which are already reeling from a dizzying few days of harsh winter weather . Last Thursday , for instance , a storm dumped up to 22 inches of snow on parts of Kansas . Two days later , Teresa Moore said her street in Kansas City , Kansas , still had n't been plowed , making it impossible for her to take her husband to his doctor 's appointments or visit her son at the hospital . "  If we have an emergency or a fire , the rescue ca n't come down here . So what are we to do , " Moore told CNN affiliate KCTV . " ... It just does n't make any sense . " She got some relief when plow trucks finally hit the roads around her home later Saturday , but it wo n't last long . That city is expecting 9 to 15 inches of snow Monday night into Tuesday . Forecasters have upped their predictions for the amount of snow expected in northwest Oklahoma to 8 to 10 inches , with 15 inches in spots . This may be a shock to some , given that temperatures in places reached the mid-60s on Sunday . "  May see 4-6 foot drifts ! " wrote National Weather Service meteorologist Rick Smith on Twitter . "  Traveling is beyond discouraged ! " Such forecasts raised alarms throughout the Plains , leading to crowded stores as residents prepared for the storm . Amanda Roberts , an entrepreneur and blogger in Warrensburg , Missouri , was one of them . Writing on Twitter , she said she made out well in her preparations . "  The snow has everyone stocking up on groceries , " she said . "  Fresh produce is basically gone but i got the last gallon of chocolate milk . I call it a win . " Record-setting February Kansas City International Airport set a February 21 record of 9 inches of snow , 4 more inches than the amount that fell the same date in 2010 . Monday might bring 6 to 10 more inches , forecasters said . Kansas City is approaching its February snowfall record of 20.7 inches , set in 1960 . The state of Kansas is also still digging out in many places . Wichita saw its second-highest storm snowfall total on record last week with 14.2 inches over two days , the National Weather Service said . The town of Russell in the state 's middle lay under a 22-inch layer of white by the time the storm roared by . Silver lining The snowstorm turned out to be a welcome one to many Kansans and many others throughout the Great Plains , who have been suffering a drought for a third straight year . Kansas , Nebraska , Iowa , Missouri and a host of other farm-heavy states have seen crop losses as a result . The Kansas Department of Agriculture expects those conditions to continue into April , but near-record levels of snowfall will ease the problem and could help the drought end faster . "  It snows so infrequently here . Now we 've been in a really bad drought for several years ; really , really hot summers and just no moisture . So we 're thrilled to see snow or ice -- whatever moisture we can get , " Wichita resident Kristen Woodburn said . Ranchers embraced the storm , even though bitter cold snow can be deadly during calving season . Frank Harper , a Kansas rancher from Sedgwick and the immediate past president of the Kansas Livestock Association , said the storm caused more work for him because he had to bring his calves inside to warm them up . But he called the snowstorm a blessing for bringing good moisture to the winter wheat . Rain , flooding the issue in Southeast While millions will see snow -- including Chicago , where 3 to 5 inches of snow and sleet are expected Tuesday -- rain may rule for the next few days in parts of the Southeast . Mobile , Alabama , on the Gulf Coast , had overcast skies and a temperature of 68 degrees at 5 p.m. CT Sunday . But within a few hours and through Monday night , residents there can expect heavy rains and wind gusts as strong as 30 mph . The rain is part of a band affecting five Southeastern states where flash flood watches are in effect from Monday afternoon through Tuesday morning . Some areas from Louisiana to South Carolina could see up to 4 inches of rain . CNN 's Judson Jones and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : Denver gets over 8 inches of snow , but worst appears to be over NEW : Flight delays at Denver 's airport averaged over 4 hours on Sunday night Parts of several Plains states could be hit hard by heavy snow , high winds Monday Flash flood watches are in effect in parts of five Southeastern states
Washington  CNN  -- When the National Rifle Association decided to keep track of those House members on both sides of the aisle who voted to hold Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress last week , it was also sending a message to a number of embattled Democratic congressmen seeking re-election in conservative districts in the fall . The message : Vote right , or we 'll let your constituents know . Though some Democrats say the NRA did little to influence their vote , for a handful of those in the House , the message may have been received loud and clear , experts say . A CNN analysis showed that of the 21 Democrats who voted to hold Holder in civil contempt of Congress last week over documents relating to Operation Fast and Furious , 19 received campaign contributions from the NRA during the last two election cycles . The truth about the Fast and Furious scandal During that period , all of the 21 were targeted by the National Republican Campaign Committee , signaling the organization 's desire to turn the competitive districts from blue to red . And of the 17 Democrats who voted in favor of criminal contempt Thursday , all received campaign contributions from the NRA during the same time and have faced similar Republican campaign committee threats . One Democrat who voted for the contempt charges said he did so on principle , not politics . "  The attorney general was asked to provide information , and he chose not to provide . So as a result , I had no other choice but to vote in contempt , " Democrat and Pennsylvania Rep. Jason Altmire told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien . Still , in this year 's ultracompetitive seats -- particularly those that have been subject to redistricting -- a nod from the NRA for a Democrat could make the difference between re-election and retirement . The NRA raised the stakes of the vote for members in competitive districts when the organization announced that it would score the vote -- or publicly count any vote against holding Holder in contempt as a mark against a lawmaker seeking re-election . Out of those seeking re-election who voted in favor of contempt , more than half are listed in competitive districts by the Cook Political Report and rely on conservative support , including endorsements from the NRA , to survive their tough political battles . Efforts to seek comment from the NRA were not successful . Of the 26 Democrat members in the House who received money from the NRA in 2012 , the 12 who abstained or voted against contempt do not have notably competitive races , a CNN analysis found . "  The contempt vote  is a fairly low-cost way to demonstrate independence from your own party . The vote was going to pass anyway , so why not take the opportunity to say you can buck your own party , " said Dave Wasserman , House race editor at the Cook Report . No criminal prosecution of Holder for contempt "  Democrats in those types of districts love to have an NRA endorsement because it bolsters their standing with a demographic they need to cut into to survive , " Wasserman said . Among them is Rep. John Barrow , D-Georgia , who is facing perhaps the toughest re-election campaign out of the 435 House seats up for election come November . Barrow , one of the few white Southern Democrats left , found himself in a more conservative district after the Georgia General Assembly completed a controversial congressional redistricting process last year that left 12 Democratic seats more uncertain than they were last election . In addition to the NRA 's influential endorsement listed on his website , Barrow received $ 9,900 in 2010 and $ 4,000 this year in PAC-to-PAC contributions from the gun rights organization . The 26 Democrats to whom the organization contributed during the 2012 election cycle have received an average of about $ 2,100 , totaling $ 54,450 , according figures collected by the Center for Responsive Politics . Barrow declined a request for comment but released a statement before the vote depoliticizing his support . "  For me , this investigation has been about justice for Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry and his family , " Barrow said . "  The only way to get to the bottom of what happened is for the Department of Justice to turn over the remaining documents , so that we can work together to ensure this tragedy never happens again . " There is no doubt that Barrow is a Republican target . Fast and Furious investigation started with agent 's death "  It 's pretty clear ... that these Democrats are going to do everything they can between now and November to distance themselves from the administration and the unpopular agenda , " National Republican Campaign Committee Press Secretary Paul Lindsay said . Democratic leaders , meanwhile , are n't standing still . The DCCC launched Monday a campaign of its own to target House Republicans in key races this fall , highlighting their votes against health care reform . They will unleash a torrent of live and robo-calls , hitting 10 GOP House races where they perceive vulnerability  $ " including Rep. Dan Lungren and Rep. Mary Bono Mack of California , Rep. Judy Biggert of Illinois and Rep. Chris Gibson of New York . And all 10 voted to hold Holder in contempt . For four-term congressman Altmire , he said he was being consistent in his vote against Holder , using the same strategy he touted during the 2010 election and in campaign ads . "  Too many people in Congress just tote the party line . Jason Altmire is n't like that . " his ad said . "  No doubt about it . You saw he voted against health care . Jason opposed the Wall Street bailout . I think Jason is not afraid to stand up to the president . And Nancy Pelosi . He fights for folks here , " the ad continued . Altmire , who lost a primary battle to colleague Rep. Mark Critz after redistricting landed the pair in the same district , told O'Brien that he voted in favor of contempt because it was consistent with his vote to hold Bush administration White House Counsel Harriet Miers in contempt in 2008 . Miers refused to show up for a congressional subpoena or to hand over documents relating to the firing of a large number of U.S. attorneys . "  I do n't like to play those kind of political games . I stayed consistent with the vote I cast in 2008 . " Approximately half of the Democrats who voted in favor of contempt also voted against health care reform , including Barrow ; Rep. Ben Chandler , D-Kentucky ; Rep. Larry Kissell , D-North Carolina ; Rep. Jim Matheson , D-Utah ; Rep. Mike McIntyre , D-North Carolina ; Rep. Collin Peterson , D-Minnesota ; and Rep. Mike Ross , D-Arkansas . "  In some cases , it 's a heartfelt vote , but in most cases , it 's political survival , " Wasserman said of the votes embattled lawmakers make across the aisle . Opinion : Holder contempt vote sign of ` broken ' Washington ?	Analysis : 21 Democrats voted to hold Holder in contempt ; 19 received NRA contributions Democrats in competitive districts may be trying to show independence , expert says Votes against party lines can be heartfelt but are mostly for political survival , expert says NEW : Democrats launch campaign against House Republicans who voted for contempt
An Israeli hospital is treating people wounded in Syria , where civil war has killed thousands and wounded thousands more . Ziv Medical Center in Safed , Israel , "  can not confirm " whether the seven Syrians being treated are from the Syrian opposition or the military , said Dr. Oscar Embon , the hospital 's director . "  We treat patients regardless of religion , race , nationality and give the best care we can provide , " Embon said . The Syrians are under guard for their own protection , he said . Israeli doctors frequently treat people from groups with which Israel has tensions , or even is engaged in conflict . In November , CNN visited an Israeli hospital treating an Israeli child and a Palestinian child , both wounded in warfare between Israel and militants in Gaza . Ziv Medical Center treated soldiers and a Syrian pilot during the 1982 Israeli war with Lebanon , hospital officials said . It 's unclear what will ultimately happen to the seven Syrians . After treatment at the hospital , they will be returned to the Israeli military , which brought them in for help , and they will need rehabilitation , Embon said . An Israeli military spokeswoman told CNN the Israel Defense Forces "  provided medical care to seven injured Syrians adjacent to the security fence between Israel and Syria in the Golan Heights , and the wounded were transferred to an Israeli hospital for further treatment . " Embon said one of the seven patients is in severe condition in an intensive care unit . He was to undergo surgery Sunday . The other six have moderate injuries and had surgery Saturday night . Five have bone fractures in extremities ; the sixth has a vascular injury . The six are in stable condition . Some will need further operations , Embon said . All will be at the hospital for at least a week ; some will need to remain longer , Embon said . He did not know whether other Syrians will be brought for treatment . Ziv Medical Center is in northern Israel , close to the Syrian border . "  We are used to treating trauma patients , " said Embon . "  There is a geographical and professional reason for that . " Many hospital employees speak Arabic , he added . Asked how the Syrians are responding to being treated in an Israeli hospital , Embon said only that their reaction "  is reasonable . " Last month , Israeli fighter jets struck a Syrian convoy suspected of moving weapons to the militant group Hezbollah in Lebanon , a senior U.S. official said . Israeli Defense MInister Ehud Barak did not explicitly confirm or deny such an attack , but called the event "  another proof that when we say something we mean it -- we say that we do n't think that it should be allowable to bring advanced weapon systems into Lebanon . " Syria 's government-run news agency SANA called Barak 's statement "  an overt hint that the aggression came in implementation of the Israeli threats uttered lately under the pretext of targeting ' a weapons shipment . ' " The death toll in the Syrian war is probably approaching 70,000 , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said last week . At least 61 "  martyrs " were killed Sunday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Syria , which blames the violence on "  terrorists , " said Sunday its military "  inflicted heavy losses " on them . The United Nations and numerous countries , including the United States , have called on Syria to end its brutal crackdown on opposition fighters and called on all sides to halt the violence .	Israeli hospital is treating seven people injured in the civil war in Syria The hospital "  can not confirm " whether they are from the opposition or the military They are under guard for protection At least 61 people were killed Sunday in the war in Syria , according to an opposition group
