London  CNN  -- Investigators may not know what killed singer Amy Winehouse until they get results from lab tests on her blood and tissue , due in about two to four weeks , according to Scotland Yard Monday . An autopsy was completed at St. Pancras Mortuary Monday afternoon , two days after the singer died in her London apartment . "  It did not establish a formal cause of death and we await the results of further toxicology tests , " a police statement said . An inquest into her death was opened Monday , the statement said . "  Inquiries continue into the circumstances of the death , " London 's Metropolitan Police , also known as Scotland Yard , said in a statement Sunday . At this stage , the 27-year-old 's death "  is being treated as unexplained and there have been no arrests in connection with the incident , " police said . The singer , beloved for her talent but infamous for erratic public behavior , arrests and drug problems , was found dead at her apartment in London on Saturday . Winehouse 's family said in a statement Sunday it "  has been left bereft by the loss of Amy , a wonderful daughter , sister , niece . She leaves a gaping hole in our lives . We are coming together to remember her and we would appreciate some privacy and space at this terrible time . " "  We are trying to come to terms with the death of a dear friend and colleague , the most amazing artist and talent , " her management company , Metropolis Music , said Sunday . "  We will always remember Amy as a vibrant , funny , caring young woman who made everyone around her feel welcome . We have lost a very special person , part of our family . " Her funeral will be held Tuesday , the singer 's spokesman Chris Goodman said . Sparse details are being released about the ceremony -- including exactly when and where it will occur -- though Goodman said "  it will be a small , private event for a few friends and family . " Winehouse 's soulful , throaty vocals brought the British musician stardom in 2007 , but her troubled off-stage life -- chronicled in her Top 10 hit "  Rehab " -- won her notoriety . Her death came less than two months after her latest release from a rehabilitation program and weeks after she was booed offstage by disappointed fans in Belgrade , Serbia . Winehouse died at the same age as at least four other recent music legends . Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin and Jim Morrison each died of drug overdoses when they were 27 . Kurt Cobain was 27 when he committed suicide , soon after his release from rehab . Police were called to Winehouse 's Camden Square apartment just after 4 p.m. Saturday in response to a report of "  a woman found deceased , " authorities said . "  Everyone who is involved with Amy is shocked and devastated , " Winehouse spokesman Chris Goodman said . "  Our thoughts are with her family and friends . " Her father , Mitch , got word of his daughter 's death Saturday while in New York preparing for a Monday night show with his band at the Blue Note club , his publicist said . He immediately canceled the performance and caught a flight back to London , the publicist said . Winehouse 's official website carried nothing but a black-and-white photo of the singer . On Saturday , a statement on the site said Winehouse was "  withdrawing from all scheduled performances . " Her song "  Rehab , " in which she sang "  They tried to make me go to rehab , I said no , no , no , " helped form the public 's view of Winehouse . She told CNN in a 2007 interview , "  I do n't care enough about what people think of me to conform to anything . " The London-born singer was a tattooed teenage rebel after she was expelled from a prestigious performing arts school . Her first album , "  Frank , " debuted in 2003 , when the singer-songwriter was 19 . International success came with her 2007 album "  Back to Black . " She dominated the 2008 Grammys , winning five awards that night and delivering , via satellite from London , a strong performance of "  Rehab . " Winehouse 's volatile marriage to Blake Fielder-Civil took a toll on the singer 's career . The couple divorced in 2009 after a stormy two years filled by drug addiction and arrests . Winehouse 's parents went public with their efforts to help their daughter , telling the London Telegraph in 2009 that she was on the road to recovery . "  A gradual recovery , which is good , " Winehouse 's father told the Telegraph . "  With slight backward steps -- not drug backward steps , more drink backward steps if you follow my drift . I think that will be the pattern of recovery . " The organization that awards the Grammys issued a statement Saturday calling Winehouse "  a dynamic performer and musician who seamlessly blended rock , jazz , pop , and soul and created a sound all her own . " "  Her rich , soulful and unique voice reflected her honest songwriting and earned her a devoted fan following , critical acclaim , and the genuine respect and admiration of her musical peers , " the Recording Academy statement said . "  She will forever be remembered for her immense talent , and her music will live on for generations to come . Our deepest sympathies go out to her family , friends , and fans during this difficult time . " CNN 's Bharati Naik , Denise Quan and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Winehouse 's "  small , private " funeral will be Tuesday , her spokesman says The autopsy "  did not establish a formal cause of death , " the coroner says Lab tests may reveal what killed the singer , the coroner says The 27-year-old singer was found dead at her home Saturday
CNN  -- The scattered bits of information you upload to Facebook might not seem interesting on their own -- a photo of a baby here , a happy birthday greeting there . But taken as a whole , your Facebook profile is a trove of data that can be analyzed to find patterns and stats about your online life  or your friends ' lives  . A new tool from Wolfram Alpha churns out an extensive and personalized analytics report all about you based on Facebook data . Go to the Wolfram Alpha site , type in "  Facebook report " and click the button that reads Analyze My Facebook Data . You will need to give the Wolfram Connection app permission to access your Facebook profile and history . Once it 's done computing , you 'll be presented with a detailed , interactive , graph filled , time-killing report of your Facebook life . Get stats on the types of friends you have , including age ranges , relationship status and religion . See your most popular photos and posts , a chart of when you 're most likely to post on Facebook , and a neat graphic showing how all of your friends are connected to each other and to you . There are over 60 sections of information to dig into , including word clouds , pie charts and maps . You can also get a report on your willing Facebook friends by typing "  Facebook Friends " into the Wolfram Alpha search field . Wolfram Alpha is a computational search engine that is known for , among other things , being part of the brains that power Apple 's voice-assistant , Siri . Dr. Stephen Wolfram , the founder of Wolfram Research , is deeply interested in the personal analytics field . In March , he shared detailed analytics of his own work life , using vast amounts of data he 's been collecting about himself , including over two decades of e-mails , a log of every keystroke he 's typed for years  100 million plus  , meetings , phone calls and , thanks to a pedometer , steps taken . He looked at the data for trends that would give him clues about his own life and behavior , including when he 's most creative Most people do n't have that extensive an amount of data on their lives , but they probably have more than they think . While Wolfram has been actively recording this data , most people have been creating trails without realizing it . E-mail archives , FitBits , Tweets , texts and geotagged images and check-ins are all usable stores of information about your life . it 's just a matter of time until there are accessible tools to extract , helping make sense out of all of it . Wolfram says there are plenty more sources he has n't tapped yet for his own personal number crunching , including medical data , his genome and motion sensors in his home . The Facebook tool is just the start for consumers too -- the company plans to add new tools and features in the future . The Facebook analytics tool is fun , but also a sobering reminder of just how much information we willingly share with social networks . It could inspire some people to clamp down on the amount of information they share online , and others to record even more and embrace all the interesting possibilities of tracking personal data . "  I 've no doubt that one day pretty much everyone will routinely be doing all sorts of personal analytics on a mountain of data that they collect about themselves , " says Wolfram in the blog post .	New tool from Wolfram Alpha analyzes your Facebook data The report shows a wealth of information about your patterns and habits Founder Stephen Wolfram says more personal analytics tools in the future
CNN  -- Hurricane experts are throwing cold water on an idea backed by billionaire Microsoft founder Bill Gates aimed at controlling the weather . Bill Gates and scientists have applied for patents aimed at reducing the strength of oncoming hurricanes . Gates and a dozen other scientists have raised eyebrows by submitting patent applications for a technology to reduce the danger of approaching hurricanes by cooling ocean temperatures . It 's a noble idea , given the horrible memories from Hurricane Katrina , which slammed into the Gulf Coast four years ago this week . The storm , which rated a frightening Category 3 when it made landfall in Louisiana , was blamed for $ 81 billion in damaged and destroyed property and the deaths of more than 1,800 men , women and children . Skeptics applaud the motive of the concept but question its feasibility . "  The enormity of it , in order to do something effective , we 'd have to do something at a scale that humans have never really done before , " said Gabriel Vecchi , a research scientist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . How exactly would this hurricane-zapping technology work ? Hurricanes are fueled by warm water , and cooling the waters surrounding a storm would slow a storm 's momentum . According to the patents , many tub-like barges would be placed directly in the path of an oncoming storm . Each barge would have two conduits , each 500 feet long . One conduit would push the warm water from the ocean 's surface down . The other would bring up cold water where it lies deep undersea . World renowned hurricane expert William Gray , who 's been studying and predicting the storms for a half-century , also doubts whether the proposal would work . "  The problem is the storms come up so rapidly , " said Gray , a professor of atmospheric science at Colorado State University . "  You only get two to three days warning . It 's very difficult to bring up enough cold water in two to three days to have much effect . " The idea itself is n't groundbreaking , according to Gray , who said it could only be feasible if the barges were put into place at the beginning of hurricane season with the idea that storms will come . "  But you might do all that , and perhaps no storms would come . That 's an economic problem , " Gray said . Even if the technology does work , Gray said it wo n't completely halt a hurricane . "  There is no way to stop it . The storm might weaken in the center , but the outer areas would n't be affected much . " And flooding and storm surges are determined by these outer winds , Gray said . When word of Gates ' five patent applications first made headlines in July , alarmed bloggers lit up the Internet , expressing fears that playing with ocean temperatures could lead to catastrophe , possibly forcing a storm in a different direction . That 's not likely , said Kerry Emanuel , a professor in atmospheric sciences at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . "  You 're doing something to the ocean that the hurricane would have done anyway , " Emanuel said . Cold water that churns up during a storm slows down a hurricane naturally . But the coldest water is usually at the rear of the storm , so sometimes it 's too late to weaken -LSB- the storm -RSB- , Emanuel said . "  The key is doing it a little sooner than the storm itself does it and make -LSB- the hurricane -RSB- weaker than it would have been , " he said . "  There are enough experiments to find out whether hurricanes ' natural cooling could steer the storm in a different location , and the answer is no , or it 's a very small chance . " While Emanuel believes the physics are conceivable , he says the cost of implementing the system should n't outweigh the benefit . "  This would only be practical if the amount -LSB- of money -RSB- you spend doing this would be less than the damage caused by the hurricane , " Emanuel said . Gates and scientist Ken Caldeira , both listed as inventors on the patents , did not respond to CNN 's requests to comment about their venture . The patents , which were only made public last month by the U.S. Patent and Trade Office , were filed in January by Searete LLC . The company is a subsidiary of Intellectual Ventures , an invention firm run by Microsoft 's former chief technology officer Nathan Myhrvold . A spokeswoman for Intellectual Ventures , which holds about 27,000 technology patents , did n't elaborate on the cost associated with the patent . "  At this point , there are no plans for deployment , so there is no talk of funding , " she said , adding that it could take up to 18 months for the patent application to be approved . Regardless , inventors say that this technology is not something they 'll be rushing to use anytime soon . "  This type of technology is not something humankind would use as a ` Plan A ' or ` Plan B , ' " Paul "  Pablos " Holman , an inventor in the Intellectual Ventures laboratory , wrote on the company blog . "  These inventions are a ` Plan C , ' where humans decide that we 've exhausted all our behavior changing and alternative energy options and need to rely on mitigation technologies . If our planet is in this severe situation , then our belief is that we should not be starting from scratch at investigating mitigation options . " Hurricane expert Gray agrees . "  I do n't think this is anything that 's going to be done in the next few decades in a practical sense , but maybe further down the line , " Gray said . "  I would love to see Bill Gates , with all his money , use some of it to experiment . "	Hurricane experts doubt feasibility of Bill Gates-backed weather-control idea Idea is "  on a scale that humans have never really done before , " says NOAA Renowned Colorado professor William Gray : It wo n't completely stop hurricanes Theory : Barges would cool ocean surface sapping energy from oncoming storms
CNN  -- Since World War II , Democratic and Republican administrations alike have consistently held the United States out as a worldwide model for the protection and promotion of human rights standards . The U.S. government has also consistently acknowledged the importance of all countries upholding and protecting universal human rights . Indeed , on the 40th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , President Reagan famously described the declaration as "  a global testament of humanity , a standard by which any humble person on Earth can stand in judgment of any government on Earth . " In recent years , one of the ways the United States has sought to portray itself as a human rights leader is by regularly reporting on its compliance with domestic human rights obligations . Former President George W. Bush 's administration submitted three major reports on domestic human rights treaty compliance to various international bodies of experts charged with overseeing treaty conformity . Last month the Obama administration submitted a report to the U.N. Human Rights Council as part of its Universal Periodic Review process , through which the human rights records of all the countries in the world will be reviewed and assessed based on the obligations and commitments expressed in the universal declaration and other human rights instruments . The goal of the periodic review , and of human rights reporting in general , is to boost human rights compliance all over the world with powerful nations leading by example . On August 27 , Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer sought to make political hay out of the U.S. report 's mere mention of SB 1070 , the infamous Arizona law that has drawn worldwide criticism for its potential to institutionalize racial profiling in Arizona . The U.S. government 's reference to SB 1070 in the periodic review report , which made no comment on the merits of the law , was brief ; it merely laid out some simple facts : The law generated significant attention around the world  true  ; the law is being addressed in a court action  true  ; parts of the law are currently enjoined  true  . Still , Brewer sent a letter to the State Department expressing "  concern and indignation " that the report included a reference to SB 1070 at all . Brewer 's bizarre statement that this country 's participation in a human rights reporting process is "  internationalism run amok " and "  unconstitutional " ignores the fact that human rights reporting requires countries to report on issues at the federal , state and local levels . When the Bush administration reported on U.S. compliance with the International Convention on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination , a treaty that the United States has signed and ratified , the report included mentions of issues in states and in cities , in addition to national issues . In fact , human rights activists argued  correctly  that the Bush administration 's report insufficiently included information from states and cities . In response , the State Department under the leadership of both the Bush and Obama administrations has  appropriately  committed that the United States will improve its reporting on both state and local issues . Most international human rights treaties require regular reporting to encourage compliance by nations who are parties to these conventions . The "  Supremacy Clause " of the U.S. Constitution describes ratified treaties as "  the supreme law of the land , " so there is nothing unconstitutional about the U.S. government complying with ratified treaties or reporting on compliance of ratified treaties ; in fact , one could very easily argue that reporting on treaty compliance is entirely consistent with the "  intent of the framers " of the Constitution . Further , Brewer 's suggestion that the human rights record of the United States  and Arizona by inclusion  be weighed against those of other nations participating in the periodic review process  such as Libya  is absurd , and her claim that the United States would "  win in any such comparison " rings hollow . The periodic review was established by the United Nations General Assembly as a process through which the human rights records of all the United Nations ' 192 member states would be reviewed and assessed , so to single out Libya , or any other country , and compare it to the United States is meaningless at worst and harmful at best . The United States is the most powerful country in the world and it seeks to portray itself as a human rights leader . As a leader , it is incumbent upon the United States to evaluate its own laws and make sure they meet the human rights standards set for the rest of the world . As such , it makes sense for the United States to participate in the periodic review process , and to include SB 1070 in its review , because not participating in the process and not mentioning an extremely controversial issue in the review would make the United States appear to the rest of the world as though it had something to hide . What the U.S. report does not say , and what Brewer should be concerned about , is the fact that SB 1070 violates U.S. human rights obligations under the International Convention on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination , which is binding on all levels of federal , state and local governments . The convention obligates federal , state and local governments to guarantee that laws and policies do not discriminate , in purpose or effect , on the grounds of race , color , descent or national or ethnic origin . It also guarantees to all noncitizens , regardless of their immigration status , equal protection and equality before the law and prevents federal , state and local governments from employing or carrying out racial or ethnic discrimination against individuals or communities . Racial profiling remains a pervasive problem all over the country and it is pretty difficult to argue that SB 1070 will not have a disparate negative effect on communities of color , particularly Latino communities . SB 1070 would require police to demand "  papers " from all people that the police stop and suspect are not legally authorized to be in the US . Because , there is no clear bright-line identifier for who is legally authorized to be in the US , people who may be perceived to be "  foreign " by police will be the subject of arrest , investigation or harassment simply because of who they are/what they look like , as opposed to because of any verifiable evidence of criminal activity . This will obviously have a disproportionately discriminatory impact on communities of color and immigrant communities , and that discriminatory impact violates ICERD . In a state like Arizona , with a well documented history of racial profiling , there is even more cause for concern . Enforcement of controversial provisions of the Arizona law has been stopped by a federal judge while the merits of the case are being debated . The United States government should not back down from its participation in human rights reporting . And it should go even further to create a concrete program of action to make sure state governments are aware of their legal obligations to protect and promote human rights . Brewer should acquaint herself with the requirements of the International Convention on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination and the U.S. Constitution , and commit to upholding human rights "  close to home . " That would be real leadership and real courage and would help steer Arizona  and our country  toward the fundamental values of fairness and equality . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the co-authors .	Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer objects to U.S. reporting to the U.N. about new immigration law Co-authors say the U.S. seeks to be a model for human rights around the world They say treaties require the U.S. to report on human rights issues Everything that was reported was true , co-authors say
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- The Indian army accused Pakistani troops of violating a cease-fire agreement early Thursday by firing across the Line of Control that divides Kashmir . Pakistani border troops fired for about 90 minutes in Poonch district of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir , said Biplab Nath , an Indian army spokesman . The Pakistanis used heavy volumes of small arms , and heavy caliber weapons such as mortars and rocket propelled grenades , Nath said . Indian troops retaliated "  appropriately " to the "  unprovoked " firing , he said . A spokesman for the Pakistani military confirmed the gunfire , but said Indian troops fired at their soldiers . Spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas said the two nations have agreed to meet soon to discuss the incident and seek clarification . Nath said there were no casualties on the Indian side . "  Our assessment is that this firing was to primarily assist infiltration of terrorists , " he said . Such ceasefire violations have been common since 2003 , but Nath described the latest incident firing as "  major . " Kashmir has been a source of bitter dispute between India and Pakistan since the independence of both nations in 1947 . Under terms agreed by the two countries , Kashmir 's rulers could either opt to merge with India or Pakistan or remain independent . One part sided with Pakistan . The ruler of the other part sided with predominantly Hindu India , sparking a controversy among the region 's Muslim majority . India and Pakistan have fought three wars over Kashmir and militants , who India says are backed by Pakistan , have been fighting since the late 1980s to end Indian rule in the region . A cease-fire to end the violence was agreed to in 2003 . Both India and Pakistan routinely accuse each other of firing across the border . CNN 's Samson Desta contributed to this report .	Pakistani military confirms the gunfire , but says Indian troops fired at its soldiers India alleges that Pakistani border troops fired across the line of control in Kashmir Indian troops retaliated "  appropriately , " army spokesman says Kashmir is a source of bitter dispute between India and Pakistan
U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. resigned from Congress effective Wednesday , citing the need to spend time "  restoring my health . " Jackson , who announced his resignation in a letter to House Speaker John Boehner , has been is the subject of several investigations and was recently treated at the Mayo Clinic for what was described as "  several serious health issues . " "  For 17 years I have given 100 % of my time , energy , and life to public service , " Jackson wrote . "  However , over the past several months , as my health has deteriorated , my ability to serve the constituents of my district has continued to diminish . Against the recommendations of my doctors , I had hoped and tried to return to Washington and continue working on the issues that matter most to the people of the Second District . I know now that will not be possible . " Read Jackson 's resignation letter  PDF Voters in his South Side Chicago district re-elected Jackson , 47 , for a 10th two-year term this month , despite his legal and health troubles . "  The constituents of the Second District deserve a full-time legislator in Washington , something I can not be for the foreseeable future , " he wrote to Boehner . "  My health issues and treatment regimen has been incompatible with service in the House of Representatives . Therefore , it is with great regret that I hereby resign as a member of the United States House of Representatives , effective today , in order to focus on restoring my health . " Jackson , the son of civil rights leader the Rev. Jesse Jackson , is the subject of investigations by the FBI and the House Ethics Committee involving possible financial improprieties . His House colleagues are looking into allegations that he or one of his associates offered to raise money for then-Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich in exchange for Jackson being appointed to the Senate seat vacated by Barack Obama in 2008 . "  During my journey I have made my share of mistakes , " Jackson said in his resignation letter . "  I am aware of the ongoing federal investigation into my activities and I am doing my best to address the situation responsibly , cooperate with my investigators , and accept responsibility for my mistakes , for they are my mistakes and mine alone . None of us is immune from our share of shortcomings or human frailties and I pray that I will be remembered for what I did right . " Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn has five days after the resignation is confirmed to set a date for a special election to fill the seat vacated by Jackson . "  This election will be carried out in a manner that is fair to the electorate and as economical as possible for taxpayers , " Gov. Quinn said Wednesday . U.S. Rep. Bobby Rush , who represents another Chicago district , suggested Wednesday that Jackson waited until after the election to step aside to make sure voters could chose his successor . Otherwise , a few people in the Chicago power structure would have been able to "  choose one of their lackeys to be the congressman . " Rush warned there could be confusion , though , if too many people jumped into the race to replace Jackson . "  My fear is that there are going to be so many wannabees who are guided by blind ambition that we might find a tea party representative from the second congressional district , which would be a travesty in itself , " Rush said Jackson sounded "  sounded very , very sorrowful , " in a phone call Wednesday morning , Rush said . "  He sounded in so much pain . " "  As he works to address his health , our thoughts and prayers are with him , his wife Sandi , his children as well as his parents , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said . "  We are grateful to him and his family for their long-standing record of public service to our country . " Jackson has been out of the public eye and absent from Capitol Hill for much of the past year , including while he was being treated at the Mayo Clinic as recently as last month . He made no campaign appearances , relying instead on a recorded automated call to constituents in October in which Jackson said , "  the good news is my health is improving , but my doctors tell me the road to recovery is a long one . " "  Like many human beings , a series of events came together in my life at the same time and they 've been difficult to sort through , " he said in the call , which his office provided to CNN . "  I am human , I am doing my best , and I am trying to sort through them all . " In early July , the congressman 's office announced he was "  receiving intensive medical treatment at a residential treatment facility for a mood disorder . " A few weeks later , his office said he was undergoing an "  extensive inpatient evaluation for depression and gastrointestinal issues " at the Mayo Clinic . Jackson grew up in his father 's shadow , placing him on history 's stage as the Rev. Jesse Jackson Senior led civil rights campaigns , including Operation PUSH and the Rainbow Coalition . Jackson was born in 1965 , just months before President Lyndon Johnson signed the Voting Rights Act , which forced election changes that opened up the political process for African-Americans in the United States . Listen : Strange saga of Jesse Jackson Jr. . He spent his 21st birthday in a District of Columbia jail cell after being arrested in an anti-apartheid protest at the South African Embassy in 1986 , according to the biography on his congressional website . He was on the stage in Cape Town in 1990 when Nelson Mandela delivered his historic speech after his release from 27 years in a South African prison , the biography says . The younger Jackson earned a Master of Arts degree in theology and then a law degree in 1993 . He served as national field director for his father 's Rainbow Coalition , a role that included leading a campaign to register millions of new voters , the biography says . In 1995 , Jackson became the 91st African-American elected to Congress . Since then , he has represented Illinois ' 2nd Congressional District , which includes parts of Chicago 's South Side and suburbs . A potential opportunity created by Barack Obama 's election as president in 2008 ironically triggered a series of events that threatened Jackson 's political career . Jackson , then 43 , spoke with Blagojevich in fall 2008 about the possibility of being appointed to serve the remaining two years of Obama 's vacated U.S. Senate term . Blagojevich was arrested by federal agents the next day and was accused of trying to sell the seat to the highest bidder . Jackson said he presented only his credentials and polling information that suggested he could win re-election in 2010 . Blagojevich , eventually convicted on multiple corruption charges , started serving a 14-year prison sentence in March . The House Ethics Committee has been examining allegations that Jackson or one of his associates offered to raise funds for Blagojevich in exchange for the Senate seat . "  In doing so , Rep. Jackson may have violated federal law and House rules concerning the proper use of the member 's representational allowance , " the statement said . Jackson has maintained his innocence and pledged to continue to cooperate with authorities . "  I did nothing illegal , unethical or inappropriate in that pursuit , and I believe that is what the Ethics Committee will conclude at the end of this process , " he said . Jackson apologized to his constituents in September 2010 , after the Chicago Sun-Times reported that a Chicago businessman told federal investigators that Jackson had asked him to pay for a restaurant hostess to fly between Washington and Chicago several times . He said he was "  deeply sorry " that he had "  disappointed some supporters . " The newspaper also reported that the businessman , Raghuveer Nayak , told the FBI that Jackson asked him to raise $ 6 million for Blagojevich in exchange for Obama 's vacated Senate seat . The governor ended up appointing former Illinois Attorney General Roland Burris to the Senate post . Despite the congressional investigation , Jackson decisively won a heated primary for a 10th term in March . The congressman disappeared from Capitol Hill in May , and in June he explained in a statement released by his staff that he was taking a leave of absence because he was suffering from a "  medical condition . " Jackson 's wife of 21 years , Sandi Jackson , is a Chicago alderman . The couple met and married during law school . They have two children , Jessica Donatella and Jesse L. Jackson III .	Rep. Jesse Jackson Junior says he needs to spend time restoring his health He is being investigated by the FBI and the House Ethics Committee He has been absent from Capitol Hill in recent months , citing health issues Voters in his Chicago-area district re-elected him to a 10th two-year term this month
Washington  CNN  -- With the architect of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks dead , U.S. commandos in Osama bin Laden 's Pakistan compound quickly came upon another prize : A trove of hard drives , DVDs and thumb drives that might provide evidence of other al Qaeda operations . Those materials , seized after bin Laden and four others were killed , have provided the first specific alert to come out of Monday 's raid . The U.S. Department of Homeland Security released a notice tied to rail security Thursday . The unclassified notice to "  federal , state , local and tribal partners " says that , in February 2010 , al Qaeda members discussed a plan to derail trains in the United States by placing obstructions on tracks , according to a law enforcement source who received the notice . Pakistan reacts angrily to tone of U.S. questions The plan was to be executed this fall to coincide with the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks . But no specific city or rail system was identified in the notice , the source told CNN . Although a U.S. official cautioned that the information does n't appear to suggest an imminent plot against U.S rail systems , the discovery may be the tip of the iceberg of potential plots . The haul included "  lots " of paper documents , 10 hard drives , five computers and more than 100 storage devices , such as disks , DVDs and thumb drives , a senior U.S. official said Wednesday . Since Monday , intelligence experts and others have pored over the find . A task force was set up at the CIA to comb through the evidence seized in the raid , according to a senior intelligence official who briefed reporters on condition of anonymity . More details emerge about the raid At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing Wednesday , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said of evidence taken from the residence , "  As we glean information from that material , we will make appropriate decisions with regard to who might we add to the terrorist watch list , the no-fly list , all those things . " The U.S. official who spoke Thursday of the data said , "  We take every possible threat seriously , so we are running all of this to ground . " When asked if there were any indications that bin Laden had signed off on the rail operation , the official said , "  There is no information to suggest that there was some kind of ` blessed operation ' attached to U.S transportation systems . " The same U.S. official says the al Qaeda scheme , which included derailing trains over bridges and valleys , "  does n't appear to be anything more than an idea on paper at this point . " Material also indicated that al Qaeda was particularly interested in targeting cities -- Washington , New York , Los Angeles and Chicago , the official said . Authorities sifting through the material learned al Qaeda has considered striking on significant dates such as July 4 , Christmas and the opening day of the United Nations , according to the official . Osama 's wife : We lived there 5 years Department of Homeland Security spokesman Matt Chandler echoed the belief that there was no imminent threat to the rail system . But officials "  wanted to make our partners aware of the alleged plotting , " he said . "  We want to stress that this alleged al Qaeda plotting is based on initial reporting , which is often misleading or inaccurate and subject to change . " Since Sunday , Chandler said , the department and other agencies have reviewed potential terror targets and deployed additional officers to nonsecured areas at U.S. airports . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told federal lawmakers Wednesday a "  number of actions " have been taken in response to the killing of bin Laden , among them "  surging some resources " to U.S. ports , airports and borders . "  These include issuing advisories to fusion center directors , Homeland Security advisers , major city chief intelligence commanders , private sector critical infrastructure owners and operators and other law enforcement entities , " she said at a Senate hearing . "  We are and have been reviewing all open cases of potential al Qaeda core , AQAP  al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  and AQIM  al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  operatives possibly in the U.S. in conjunction with the FBI , " she added . Sen. Joe Lieberman , the Connecticut independent who is chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee , asked Napolitano about the data removed by the Navy SEALs from the bin Laden compound . "  I assume that as this material is gone over , anything related to Homeland Security will be shared immediately with your department ? " he asked . Napolitano responded , "  It is being shared  already  . " Earlier this week , former CIA Director Michael Hayden told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " that the "  diffuse " nature of al Qaeda is among its strengths . "  Keep in mind this is a network , not a hierarchy , " Hayden said . "  So you 've got still very active , very talented cells around the world . " CNN Homeland Security Correspondent Jeanne Meserve and Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	Homeland Security releases notice over rail system It stemmed from discovery of material at bin Laden compound No evidence al Qaeda plot was imminent , government says
OXFORD , Iowa  CNN  -- Brianne Leckness stares into the camera , a crooked smile spread across her face . It 's the epitome of youth -- a young girl with bows in her hair ready to tackle the world . A dog scampers behind her in a blur . Brianne Leckness is one of 100 people featured in a new book called "  The Oxford Project . " But then you learn her story and how her life has changed since that day in 1984 when photographer Peter Feldstein took her picture in Oxford , Iowa , a town of about 700 people . You may pause . You may even cry . "  My mom left me at a church when I was 3 . She used to travel with the carnival , and the carnival ended up going broke in Iowa . When my mom and my stepfather had a hard day , they 'd take it out on me . So she left me at this church with our dog Freddy , " she says . "  She pinned a note to my shirt that said , ` Please take care of her . We ca n't any longer . ' " Brianne 's story is one of 100 captured in a new book called "  The Oxford Project . " It combines black-and-white portrait photographs -- one from 1984 , a second 20 years later -- with oral histories to give a mosaic of a small town , of hopes and dreams , of triumphs and tragedies , of life and death . "  Old hippie " works hard , parties hard ; meet other townfolk too " Intimate details are shared : Pat Henkelman was the last in town to learn her husband of 45 years was cheating ; Hunter Tandy says his second cousin , Ashton Kutcher , once visited with Demi Moore and stayed in the Super 8 ; Jim Hoyt Sr. breaks his silence and describes being one of the first four U.S. soldiers to liberate the Buchenwald concentration camp in Germany during World War II . Feldstein began his project in 1984 with a simple idea : Snap photos of all 676 residents of Oxford . He typed up letters in April that year and delivered them to every home , most of the time taping the notes to the back door . "  The sessions will take about 5 minutes and of most importance is that you feel comfortable . We would like you to dress ` as you are , ' not as you might look in your Sunday best , " he wrote . By summer 's end , the University of Iowa arts professor had photographed 670 people , six shy of the whole town . He displayed the photos at the American Legion , but then tucked them away . The prints were destroyed in a flood ; the negatives were stuffed in boxes . See photos of how people changed " Two decades later , Feldstein set out on a new quest -- to rephotograph as many people as he could find from 1984 . But this time he brought along Stephen G. Bloom , a University of Iowa journalism professor , to interview the residents and record their life histories . "  I learned secrets . I learned things that some of them had n't even told their spouses , " says Feldstein , a resident of the town since 1978 . "  More than anything , I learned about my neighbors more . " Watch no "  Hallmark questions " here " Many stand in nearly the exact same pose as two decades before , their shoulders drooped with age . Children are now men ; girls are now mothers . Bloom , with Feldstein present , interviewed each person separately , and the townspeople revealed their innermost feelings . Now , Feldstein traces his finger along cracks on the wall where residents stood for the photos the second time around . The cracks look like varicose veins breaking through plaster . "  The wall has changed just like the people have changed , " Feldstein says . Bloom says journalists these days too often talk to the nation 's power players and too few times to working-class people . "  The idea was not to talk to the decision makers , but talk to the people whose lives are affected by the decision makers , " he says . "  My job in Oxford was to talk to the voiceless , to people who do n't have any voice who are the backbone of America . " On a recent Sunday , Oxford residents flocked to St. Mary 's Hall for the big debut . Books were sprawled out on 1960s-style wooden tables . Residents snatched them up and began signing each other 's copies , as if it were a high school yearbook signing . Learn facts about Oxford " Kathy Brack clutched her book to her heart . "  I 've been hugging it ever since I got it , " says the schoolteacher of 34 years . "  There were things in there that the gossip line did n't know about ! " Nearby , one of her former students , Ben Stoker , held his copy . In 1984 , his father , Dave , held his boy proudly for Feldstein 's camera . The father 's arms are outstretched , his newborn son asleep in his hands . A gentle smile can be seen from beneath his dad 's thick beard . Ben 's mother , Darnell , was photographed a couple of weeks before . She 's dressed in a plaid maternity outfit , pregnant with Ben . "  When I was 10 , my dad died , " Ben Stoker told Bloom and Feldstein . "  Pretty much I think about my dad every day . I remember feeling his beard against my face . I remember his hands -- they were soft and warm . "  Two years ago , when I was 19 , my mother died of cancer . She was my guiding light . " In a corner of the hall this day , Kevin Somerville -- a large man in overalls , a bushy beard and a boisterous laugh -- sits with his wife , Mary , and grown daughter , Kristi . They say they thought they knew everything about everybody in town , until they got ahold of the book . Everyone seemed to spill the beans -- to two "  East Coast Jews , " as Feldstein puts it . Why would residents of an entire town open their hearts ? "  People will talk if you 're willing to listen , " Kristi Somerville says . "  They 're not small-town stories . They 're human stories . " Her mother adds of Bloom 's at-ease style . "  He said , ` Tell me about your life . ' How often does somebody ask you that : Tell me about your life ? " Brianne Leckness , now 30 years old , shows up with Blanche Smith , her foster mother during her years in Oxford . Blanche has taken in more than 500 foster children over the years . But she still remembers that day when she gave up Brianne to another foster home . She was raising three teenage sons and could n't handle a young girl in grade school . "  Yes , " she says , crying when asked if she wished she had kept Brianne . Later in the day , about three dozen Oxford residents make the 16-mile trek to Iowa City . Hundreds of Iowans pack the Englert Theatre for an on-stage performance of The Oxford Project . Sixteen local Iowans read the stories of the Oxford residents as told in the book . Only one person tells her own story . It 's Brianne Leckness . "  When I was 9 , Blanche said to me , ' I really ca n't be your mom any longer . ' In my next family , the mother would put my hair up . But I was a tomboy , and it drove them mad . I went to three or four other foster homes after that . " " ... On my 18th birthday , my mother blew into town . She wanted us to go on ` The Montel Williams Show ' and say how she really never wanted to give me up . " She ends with : "  Nothing for me has been normal , so why should now be normal ? " Brianne is a mother now , determined to raise her own children and not to make the same mistakes her mother made . As the night drew to a close , she stood with the 16 others on stage to raucous applause . She smiled and took a bow . She was a portrait of courage . A model of a small town . A real American . Afterward , she said it felt good to "  relive part of my past that was a good experience . " "  It was nice . It was really nice . " What are we to make of stories like these ? "  I walked away from this knowing that life turns on a dime , " Bloom says . "  I realized that life is really dependent on moments , and you do n't know when those moments are going to take place when you wake up . And sometimes when you go to sleep at night , you do n't realize those moments have taken place . " "  The story in Oxford really is n't about Oxford , Iowa . It 's about any small town in the United States -- anywhere in the world . "	Peter Feldstein set out in 1984 to photograph everyone in Iowa town He then rephotographed them 20 years later and recorded their oral histories Feldstein 's colleague Stephen Bloom : "  My job in Oxford was to talk to the voiceless " Resident : "  There were things in there that the gossip line did n't know about ! "
Nigeria defended its response to the kidnapping of hundreds of schoolgirls by the terror group Boko Haram , even as details emerged Tuesday about a second mass abduction , adding to a growing global outrage over the fate of the children . President Goodluck Jonathan has been under fire over accusations the government initially ignored and then later downplayed the abduction of the girls , who have become the focal point of a social media campaign demanding their safe return . "  The President and the government  are  not taking this as easy as people all over the world think , " Doyin Okupe , a spokesman for Jonathan told CNN . "  We 've done a lot -- but we are not talking about it . We 're not Americans . We 're not showing people , you know , but it does not mean that we are not doing something . " In detailing the government 's response , two special battalions have been devoted to the search for the missing girls , Okupe said . That includes 250 locations that have been searched by helicopters and airplanes . It was unclear whether these were additional troops being dispatched or were forces already in place . More troops , he said , are also on the way . But the father of two of the schoolgirls taken by Boko Haram told CNN there has been no sign of the military in the days and weeks following the abduction . He accused the government of "  playing " with the parents of the missing girls , treating them as "  fools . " "  Had there been these military men who went into the bush to rescue our daughters , we would have seen them , " said the father , who declined to be identified for fear of reprisals by the government and the terror group . " ... We have never seen any military man there . " U.S. offer of military help In a sign that Nigeria may be bowing to international pressure and outrage , the government announced the creation of an information center dedicated to answering questions and providing daily updates about rescue efforts , Okupe said . Nigeria 's President also accepted an offer of U.S. military support in the search for the girls . "  So what we 've done is -- we have offered , and it 's been accepted -- help from our military and our law enforcement officials , " U.S. President Barack Obama told NBC News on Tuesday . "  We 're going to do everything we can to provide assistance to them . " That help includes the creation of a "  coordination cell " to provide intelligence , investigations and hostage negotiation expertise , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . The cell will include U.S. military personnel , she said . The joint coordination cell will be established at the U.S. Embassy in the capital of Abuja , and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the work is expected to begin immediately . But even as the help was offered to Jonathan , new details were emerging about the abduction of at least eight girls between the ages of 12 and 15 , who were snatched Sunday night from the village of Warabe . The village is located in the rural northeast , near the border of Cameroon , an area considered a stronghold for Boko Haram , a group that U.S. officials say has received training from al Qaeda affiliates . Villagers in Warabe told CNN that gunmen moved from door-to-door late Sunday , snatching the girls and beating anybody who tried to stop them . The latest abductions come amid international outcry over the April 14 kidnapping of more than 200 girls . According to accounts , armed members of Boko Haram overpowered security guards at an all-girls school in Chibok , yanked the girls out of bed and forced them into trucks . The convoy of trucks then disappeared into the dense forest bordering Cameroon . Boko Haram : A bloody insurgency , a growing challenge ` Western education is sin ' Boko Haram translates to "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language , and the group has said its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Africa 's most populous nation , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . The United States has branded Boko Haram a terror organization and has put a $ 7 million bounty on the group 's elusive leader , Abubakar Shekau . In recent years , the group has stepped up its attacks , bombing schools , churches and mosques . But it is the abductions of girls that has spawned the biggest outrage , with a #BringBackOurGirls campaign that initially began on Twitter and then quickly spread with demonstrators taking to the streets over the weekend in major cities around the world to demand action . 6 reasons why the world should demand action On Tuesday , the United Nations human rights chief blasted Boko Haram , saying the group 's claim of slavery and sexual slavery of girls are "  crimes against humanity . " "  The girls must be immediately returned , unharmed , to their families , " U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said in a news release . ' I abducted your girls ' A man claiming to be Shekau appeared in a video announcing he would sell his victims . The video was first obtained Monday by Agence-France Presse . "  I abducted your girls . I will sell them in the market , by Allah , " he said , according to a CNN translation from the local Hausa language . "  There is a market for selling humans . Allah says I should sell . He commands me to sell . I will sell women . I sell women . " In the nearly hourlong , rambling video , Shekau repeatedly called for an end to Western education . "  Girls , you should go and get married , " he said . Pillay , along with three other African United Nations women leaders , sent a letter reminding the Nigerian government of its "  legal responsibility to ensure that girls and boys have the fundamental right to education and to be protected from violence , persecution and intimidation , " according to her statement . In the United States , all 20 women serving in the Senate signed a bipartisan letter calling on Obama to take action . "  More can be done by this administration . I would like to see special forces deployed to help rescue these young girls . Some of these girls are as young as nine years old , " Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine told CNN . " ... They 're being sold into slavery , forced into marriages , required to convert . This is just horrible . " More than 355,000 people , including celebrities and lawmakers , to date have signed a change.org petition that calls upon the world to act to save the girls . The petition calls on Jonathan and the government "  to ensure all schools are safe places to learn , protected from attack . " ` You can never rule out surprise ' Nigerian Minister of Information Labaran Maku told CNN that despite international reaction and media reports , there have been some successes in combating Boko Haram . But when asked about bombings in Abuja , which came the same day as the mass abduction of schoolgirls , he said : "  In the case of insurgency and guerrilla warfare , you can never rule out surprise here and there . " He also declined to agree that misinformation released by the military in the aftermath of the April kidnapping added to the growing outrage . First , the military said all the girls had been released or rescued . But after the girls ' families began asking where their daughters were , the military retracted the statement . "  When they made that statement , it was based on a report they received , " the minister said . Nigeria 's finance minister said Monday that her country 's government remains committed to finding the girls but should have done a better job explaining the situation to the public . "  Have we communicated what is being done properly ? The answer is no , that people did not have enough information , " Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala told CNN 's Richard Quest . What 's at stake in war against girls ' kidnappers ? CNN Freedom Project : Ending Modern-Day Slavery	The father of two missing girls says there has been no sign of Nigerian military "  We have never seen any military man there , " the father says Nigeria 's President is not "  taking this as easy as people all over the world think " Nigerian village residents say armed men took eight more girls late Sunday
London , England  CNN  -- Eight years ago Justine Laymond was told by doctors to say a final goodbye to her family -- she had , they said , only hours left to live before her lungs would stop working and her body shut down . But this July Laymond defied her medical fate and made history by becoming the first double lung transplant survivor ever to have raced across an ocean . The 39-year-old from England , who has suffered nearly 20 lung collapses due to a condition known as Lymphangioleiomyomatosis  LAM  , is part of a multinational crew taking part in the bi-annual Clipper Round the World Yacht Race -- the only sailing race in the world where crews are made up by ordinary people , many with little or no sailing experience . This year more than 500 people from 41 countries are taking part in the 40,000-mile relay race , which started in August 2011 and is set to finish later this month . The line-up this year consists of ten identical 68-foot long yachts -- all sponsored by different cities around the world -- that are currently on the eighth and final leg of the race . Laymond decided to get involved in the competition when she heard that the crew representing Edinburgh would have a relay team of transplant patients , surgeons and specialist nurses on its boat to raise awareness for organ transplantation -- something that saved her life six years ago . "  For years I suffered from chest pains but no one knew what was really wrong with me , " said Laymond , who despite her pains led a very active life -- working at a gym and teaching children street dance in her spare time . "  When I was 31 I suffered a double lung collapse and was rushed to hospital . They referred me to a specialist who found hundreds and hundreds of cysts in my lungs and I finally got diagnosed with  this  rare condition , " she said . The doctors told Laymond that , with no functioning right lung and only 30 % capacity remaining in her left lung , she would be unable to have kids and that she would die if she did n't have a transplant . "  My world fell to pieces , " said Laymond , whose condition quickly deteriorated after she was diagnosed and left her in a three-week-long coma fighting for her life . She refers to this period as her "  dark days , " as she was slipping in and out of consciousness while on life support . In 2006 , after 16 months of waiting and three false alarms , she finally received a new set of lungs in a 10 hour transplant operation , and she has n't looked back since . "  I 'm definitely a bit of a fighter . Because I had been in a coma I had to learn how to walk again and when I finally got out of hospital I decided to set myself daily challenges -- to do something different and to push my boundaries and defy the odds , " said Laymond , who confessed that to date none of her challenges have been as difficult , or is ever likely to be as challenging as the Clipper race . More from Mainsail : Solo adventurer says she 's relieved to be back on land Indeed , it was far from plain sailing for Laymond 's crew on board the "  Edinburgh Inspiring Capital " yacht , whose Atlantic Ocean crossing was a grueling affair plagued by tropical storms and rough seas . With a weak immune system and only 60 % lung capacity it was a mammoth challenge for Laymond : "  Towards the end I thought I could n't do it . The cold got into my lungs and I got so weak that I thought I might have to be airlifted off and go to hospital to get some fluids and real food . But the skipper and the rest of my team were so fantastic and supportive that I managed to hang in there . " Her skipper Piers Dudin was impressed by Laymond 's determination and spirit : "  Justine has done incredibly well , she had a tough race physically and she really grew with the race . "  What she is representing is hugely empowering to people with similar conditions and she has certainly showed that anyone can do it . I think the whole team can be proud of what she has achieved , " he added . The Clipper Round the World Race is the brainchild of Robin Knox-Johnston , the first person to ever sail solo nonstop around the world -- a feat which he managed to do in a journey that lasted 312 days between 1968 and 1969 . Watch : Fastest man on water He said he came up with the idea for the unique race while he was exploring Greenland in 1995 with British mountaineer Chris Bonington : "  Chris was telling me how much it cost him to climb Mount Everest and I thought to myself ` that 's a lot of money ' and then I asked myself what is the sailing equivalent of climbing the world 's biggest mountain and the answer was obvious , it 's the circumnavigation . "  So I did some calculations on the back of a cigarette packet right there and then and I thought ` actually I could do a round the world race for half of what it costs to climb Mount Everest . ' " The aim of the competition is to give everyone , regardless of sailing experience , the opportunity to experience the exhilaration of ocean racing . The first race took place in 1996 ; it consisted of eight boats and saw 300 people take part in the relay competition . See also : The enduring allure of tall ships Since 1996 almost 3,000 people have competed in seven editions of the race , and although anyone can apply to take part , all selected crew members still have to pay a fee to join . It costs  # 10,000  around $ 15500  to do one leg and  # 43,000  around $ 67,000  to do the whole circumnavigation including four weeks of training . According to the organizers some people have sold their houses and given up their jobs to be able to join the challenge , others have managed to participate without "  any money in the bank " by doing fundraising events . The only requirement is that you are over 18 and willing to work in a team and able to motivate yourself and others . Motivate others is exactly what Justine Laymond hopes her story will do : "  I have learned that life is too short -- so if you have a dream you just have to go out there and do it . "  Hopefully my story will inspire more people to become organ donors . It only takes minutes to register and it can save up to seven people 's lives . It saved mine . I 'm here because I 've been given the gift of life and without that donation it would never have been possible . "	Justine Laymond is the first double lung transplant survivor to have raced across an ocean Laymond decided to take part in the race to raise awareness for organ transplantation In the Clipper Round the World Yacht Race crews are made up by ordinary people This year more than 500 people from 41 countries are taking part in the 40,000 mile race
CNN  -- World War I ushered in an era of chemical weapons use that lingers , lethally , into the present day . Indeed , the German chlorine attacks against French , Algerian , British and Canadian troops around Ypres -- site of the war 's most relentless fighting -- in April 1915 presaged a world in which weapons of mass destruction became at least a permanent background anxiety and often a source of intense terror . World War I , which began nearly 100 years ago , linked science with mass killing and , despite preventative treaties such as the 1900 Hague Convention , created a lasting precedent . Scientific progress now brought new fears as well as hope . The other combatant nations responded to their maximum extent , with rapidly developed mixtures of retaliation-in-kind and protective technologies and procedures . Perhaps 1 million chemical casualties were inflicted , to little overall military advantage . Although fatalities were eventually kept relatively low , at about 90,000 in total , there was , and remains , deep revulsion at slow , agonizing deaths from tissue damage through blistering of the skin caused by innovations such as mustard gas or drowning through destruction of the lungs . Opinion : How a century-old war affects you Many survivors were left blind or permanently disabled . Human distress , dread , "  gas fright " and their long-term psychiatric consequences are impossible to calculate . They may have fatefully helped intensify Hitler 's psychopathology as he lay brooding upon the Armistice in a military hospital , temporarily blinded by British mustard gas . Later , in the Geneva Gas Protocol of 1925 , the world tried to address its WMD problem through a collective promise of "  no first chemical or bacteriological use , " backed by uncontrolled arsenals , which it was hoped would deter treaty breach by the hideously plausible and familiar threat of retaliation . That gamble held precariously in World War II but not in hidden , or conveniently overlooked , one-sided campaigns conducted by Spain , Italy , Japan and Egypt in remote theaters such as Morocco , Ethiopia , China and Yemen . Continued secret research created still more efficient nerve gases , blatantly employed by Saddam Hussein 's forces in the 1980s against Iranians and Kurds , without international response . However , the international honeymoon period after the Cold War allowed the negotiation of total , monitored and inspected elimination of all chemical weapons stocks and production facilities under the 1998 Chemical Weapons Convention . But World War I and its aftermath have left discouraging precedents . Opinion : The mighty women of World War I Although banned , in the 1919 Treaty of Versailles , from keeping any chemical weapons , Germany secretly maintained formidable capacities . Its specialists went on to set up joint trials and research facilities in the USSR and to pioneer the whole class of nerve agents . Cheating in arms-control treaties , especially with the assistance of third parties , has remained a lasting political anxiety and an intelligence priority ever since . We now also know that during World War I , German agents tried systematically to infect Allied livestock with glanders  a serious bacterial disease , transmissible to humans but mainly affecting horses and mules  . This was the insidious , but fortunately not then very successful , birth of covert scientific biological warfare -- which , despite the unverifiable and evidently broken Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention of 1971 , now persists as an uneliminable security nightmare . So we are all still partially breathing the yellow-green poison cloud that Nobel laureate Fritz Haber determinedly developed and the generals of the German High Command , locked into the first scientific Total War , reluctantly authorized .  The suicides , apparently through shame and disgust , of both Haber 's wife , Clara , and Hermann , one of his sons , seem to add further intimate casualties to his innovation . Opinion : How World War I gave us ` cooties ' Haber 's weaponization of chlorine for the second Battle of Ypres heralded a period of destructive technological dynamism in which we still live , when , repeatedly , as Bertolt Brecht observed : "  Out of the libraries come the killers . Mothers stand despondently waiting , Hugging their children and searching the sky , Looking for the latest inventions of the professors . " And today , the news remains bad . Mothers still scan the sky for incoming chemicals . Chlorine is back . After 1,400 people were killed with highly efficient sarin nerve agent in the rebel-held eastern suburbs of Damascus in August , the Syrian government agreed to join the 1998 Chemical Weapons Convention and cooperate in its own chemical disarmament , as an alternative to U.S. punitive strikes . Opinion : The ` bionic men ' of World War I Before completion of that process , reports repeatedly emerged in early 2014 of new attacks using chlorine , which as an industrial chemical used in water purification can not be removed from the country , although employing it against humans is unquestionably forbidden . Chlorine 's lethality , even against unprotected civilians , may be unimpressively low by modern standards , but it reliably continues to terrify . And while German culpability in the gas attacks in Flanders 100 years ago was clear , the United Nations is still unable to agree , or even yet formally investigate , which side has been conducting chemical attacks of any kind in the long Syrian civil war . Chemical warfare was universally criminalized in September under U.N. Security Council Resolution 2118 . But finally eliminating or even punishing the homicidal employment of chemicals in organized violence is a diplomatic as much as a legal , technical or military problem . It turns out that some international behavior over chemical killing remains as toxic as in 1915 . WWI : The Golden Age of postcards	Paul Schulte says WWI ushered in era of chemical weapons use that lingers today He says such things as mustard gas brought agony : blindness , disability , often death Treaties have sought to rein them in but are not always successful , as in Syria , he says Chemical warfare was universally criminalized , Schulte says , but behavior remains toxic
CNN  -- Online hackers have pirated the PBS website and posted a false story claiming the rapper Tupac Shakur -- who has been dead for almost 15 years -- is alive and living in New Zealand . The group -- called The Lulz Boat -- also posted what it said were passwords of journalists , login information for the PBS series "  Frontline " and sensitive information about PBS stations . The Lulz Boat claims it was "  less than impressed " after watching the network 's program "  WikiSecrets " and "  decided to sail our Lulz Boat over the PBS servers for further ... perusing . " The "  WikiSecrets " documentary , which aired last week on the PBS show "  Frontline , " talked to U.S. Army Pfc. Bradley Manning 's father and close friends . Manning , a military intelligence analyst , is suspected of leaking hundreds of thousands of classified documents that ended up on the WikiLeaks website -- one of the largest leaks of classified material in U.S. history . In a message linked to from their Twitter account , The Lulz Boat taunted PBS . "  Anyway , say hello to the insides of the PBS servers , folks . They best watch where they 're sailing next time , " the group said . PBS acknowledged the hack early Monday morning . Teresa Gorman , who works in social media and online engagement for the PBS program "  NewsHour , " published a stream of Twitter messages Monday morning in response to comments about the fake story . "  Thanks for your concern guys - we are aware there is more than the Tupac story being hacked right now , " she tweeted . She said she did not want to comment further to CNN . The fake Tupac story claims the rapper was "  alive and well in a small resort in New Zealand , " citing "  locals . " It goes on to say a small town there -- unnamed due to security risks -- also housed the late rapper Biggie Smalls for years . In addition to posting the Tupac story , The Lulz Boat also created a page -- within the pbs.org address -- that says "  ALL YOUR BASE ARE BELONG TO LULZSEC . " The title of the page is "  FREE BRADLEY MANNING .  expletive  FRONTLINE ! " The group 's bio states , "  We are LulzSec , a small team of 80-year-old men and people who smoke on webcam . Right ? " The Lulz Boat also claimed it was not Anonymous , a hacker collective globally infamous for disrupting the websites of MasterCard , Visa and PayPal in December after the arrest of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange on unrelated sexual assault charges . A slogan under a "  LulzSec " banner online reads , "  Laughing at your security since 2011 ! "	NEW : A group creates a pbs.org page titled "  FREE BRADLEY MANNING .  expletive  FRONTLINE ! " The group admits to hacking into PBS servers after watching "  WikiSecrets " The Lulz Boat also posts the purported passwords of journalists and PBS station information PBS acknowledges the hack Monday morning
CNN  -- Perhaps it 's the inherently soul-crushing nature of the holiday season , but it seems many of our readers have been beset by quandaries of late . So , being the utterly benevolent souls that we are , we 're choosing to devote this week 's column to more reader questions . This week we tackle Facebook friend collectors and the eternal query : To tweet or not to tweet ? Merry , Happy Whatever , everyone . Most times when I get a friend request or if someone accepts mine , I initiate a "  thanks for the friend  request/accept  " in a private message , plus a quick update -- one or two lines max . Most of the time I receive something similar in return . With some friends this leads to more conversation , sometimes not , but either way at least we communicated . Every once in a while , I " ll initiate a message and the new "  friend " does n't bother to respond . I guess I 'm not sure what to make of it . I see their activity on FB so I know they have signed in but they never responded back . If we 're supposed to be "  friends " a quick "  hello " and maybe an update would seem good manners . I have had different friends suggest different meanings : 1 . If they have not responded after several weeks and you see them active , just "  unfriend " them because they were just "  collecting " you anyway . 2 Do n't private message them , post on their wall . Many people do n't like the PM stuff -- too creepy .  I 've posted on their wall as well with about the same rate of return communication  . 3 . Who cares ? You do n't want to talk to those people anyway  I guess that returns me to option 1 but that approach seems rather harsh  . What do you think is the correct approach ? - Fed-Up With Fake Friends Assuming that you are not , in fact , clicking obsessively through your new friend 's Timeline , fastidiously poring over years 2005-2011 and shooting off private messages that amorously detail the imagined flick of her tongue as she enjoyed a melting cone of pistachio sherbet on June 3 , 2006 , it sounds like you 've been suffering some serious abuse at the hands of "  The Friend Collector . "  That 's a term both similar and many ways vastly different from the 1999 flick starring Denzel Washington , which your new friend added to her favorite films in early 2007  . The friend collector is a wily , often drunk beast that lurks within all of us , threatening to rise up and assume our form during a particularly vigorous bout of Facebooking/memory lane-walking/power-houring . The phenomenon was admittedly less common back in the days when we actually had to type a remembered acquaintance 's name into the search bar , squinting through the dust of childhood and a veil of tequila to remember his/her surname . But a while back Facebook added that pesky "  People You May Know " feature , impelling us to add childhood friends , half-remembered college classmates and random guys in indie bands  or what I like to call "  future ex-boyfriends "  with wild abandon . Many times , we add such people not because we particularly want to talk to them , but merely because we 're afflicted with the oh-so itch-able question , "  I wonder what so-and-so is doing now , " and we just have to scratch . And you know what happens when you scratch too hard : You draw blood . And in this case , that blood is yours , in that you 're getting hurt when your fake pal shuns your friendly -- non-creepy , non-murderous , right ? -- advances . So let 's all take a vow , as we wander myopically into the New Year : Thou shalt not friend collect . Even if our good friend Martin Martini makes a strong case for it at 3 a.m. Oh , and to answer your question : Go ahead and unfriend the phony . She 'll probably just attempt to friend you again , wholly unaware that she has already done so . Like a true criminal , a Friend Collector always returns to the scene of the crime . I am a writer and I love sarcasm . My work is posted on patch.com  Upper Dublin , Pennsylvania  but I would like to get it noticed -- I do n't think anyone reads it . How could I get my work noticed ? A writer friend told me to Twitter whenever I 'm published . Who the heck is going to go on my Twitter account ? I 'm a 58-year-old mom in the suburbs -- please . Plus I do n't have a Twitter account . - To Tweet or Not to Tweet ? OK , so just because you 're a 58-year-old mom in the suburbs , that means no one cares what the hell you have to say ? I would use a word synonymous with  and less idiotic than  "  baloney " here if this were n't CNN , but , yeah , there you have it . Ever heard of Sam Halpern ? Well , he 's a 70-something-year-old man who has nearly 3 million people in his thrall daily via the Twitter account @sh * tmydadsays . Granted , the Twitter account is not run by Sam himself but by his son Justin , but regardless , Sam 's pearls of weirdness and wisdom have spawned a book and a TV series . But here 's where you differ from Sam : You 're the writer here . You 're the one creating content that you think others should see  unless you have some kind of weird obsession with corgis in Cosby sweaters , in which case your kids are about to cash it in big time  and you need to be the one to get it out there . So listen to your writer friend : Start a Twitter account , but do so in a tactical way . Do n't just sign up and start tweeting links to your articles into the ether . Search for other writers whom you admire -- and work with on Patch.com -- and follow them posthaste . Read what they have to say , engage in conversations and post links to articles and stories that both you and your followers can appreciate . Then , once you 've built up a relationship with this online network of people -- who will see you as much more than a suburban mom  not that there 's anything wrong with that  -- add your own work into the mix . Since people will already trust you and your judgment , they will be much more willing to retweet your stories and thereby score you a much wider audience than you would have had out there , rockin ' the suburbs . And , who knows , if your work is good , maybe you , too , can score a book/TV deal . If not , well , then go ahead and use my corgis in Cosby sweaters idea . That one is solid gold .	Have a Facebook friend who does n't respond to your posts ? They 're likely a "  friend collector " Many friend collectors send requests out of curiosity and nosiness Should writers promote their work on Twitter ? Yes , but they must do so in a tactical way
London  CNN  -- The founder of a French company that made breast implants linked to a major health scare has been charged by police investigating the scandal . Jean-Claude Mas , former boss of Poly Implant Protheses  PIP  , faces charges of involuntary injury over the now-defunct firm 's use of substandard ingredients in its implants . So what is wrong with the implants ? What are the risks ? And what is being done to help those affected by the scandal ? What is the problem ? Implants made by France 's Poly Implant Protheses  PIP  were banned in 2010 , after it was discovered that they contained industrial-grade , which has more contaminants than the medical-grade gel they should have used . Mas is reported to have admitted authorizing the use of two gel formulas at PIP : A high-end version for wealthier clients , using American-made medical silicone , and a "  house " formula for everyone else . This was made from cheap industrial silicone , meant for use in mattresses , allegedly in order to cut costs and boost profits . In December 2011 , authorities in France sparked a worldwide alert when they advised 30,000 French women who had been fitted with the potentially defective implants to have them removed . The implants are believed to have a higher than normal incidence of rupture , though exact figures on this differ : French authorities put the rate at 5 % , but in Britain it is thought to be around 1 % , in line with industry standards . California plastic surgeon Dr. Grant Stevens told CNN the health risks of industrial-grade silicone remained unclear . "  The PIP industrial silicone has many contaminants , " he said , but he added : "  We 're not sure just how many ... We ca n't be sure what can go wrong . "  We know there 's an increased incidence of inflammation ; we 're not certain of other health risks , but we certainly have concerns about cancer and other toxic exposures . " Authorities in France and Britain have dismissed fears of cancer from the implants but have said that in case of rupture they could cause inflammation , scarring and fibrosis . Where in the world were they used ? PIP was once the world 's third largest supplier of implants -- 300,000 women in 65 countries around the world are thought to have had them fitted , both for cosmetic reasons and in reconstructive surgery following treatment for breast cancer . The implants were widely used across Europe -- 40,000 women in Britain are affected -- and South America . PIP silicone implants were never licensed for use in the United States . British PIP implant recipient Rowena Mackintosh , told CNN she was worried about the potential impact on her health . "  It 's like a ticking time bomb inside me , " she said . "  When you go to the doctor , you do n't say ` who makes your medicine ? ' -- you just assume it 's going to be safe . To think that I 've got mattress silicone inside me , and God knows what else they used , it 's disgusting . " What advice is being given to women who had the implants fitted ? The advice given to women with PIP implants has varied widely from country to country . France has urged all of those with the implants to have them removed immediately as a precaution . In Venezuela , authorities have also recommended the precautionary removal of implants . The British government says there is no evidence to recommend the routine removal of PIP implants , though it says women who are concerned should be able to have them removed . German medical groups have recommended that women seek the removal of their implants , but that there is no immediate danger . Stevens argues that women who have had PIP implants should not wait until they rupture to have them removed . "  Waiting until an MRI is positive is like saying wait to run for cover until after a bomb goes off . If you know something is going to happen , you would try to remove the risk . "  I think it is incumbent on all women , regardless of their government 's stance , to recognize that they have a flawed , defective silicone product in their chest , and they have a shell that is containing it that is also flawed -- they need to remove these implants , or remove and replace them . " And what is being done ? The French government has offered to pay for the removal and replacement of all PIP implants fitted in France . Venezuela has said it will cover the cost of implant removal , but not their replacement . In the UK , women who had their implants paid for by the National Health Service  NHS  will be able to have them removed free of charge , after consultation with their doctor . The British government says it expects companies that fitted implants privately , for cosmetic purposes , to offer the same deal . Bioethicist Arthur Caplan told CNN it made financial and ethical sense for governments to pre-empt any potential health issues by removing the implants now , rather than waiting to see if they cause problems . "  If these things do turn out to be nasty , and do cause health problems , the bill for that is going to be big , and every government that has a nationalized system is going to pay , so it may be smarter , just on prudential grounds , to take them out now , avoiding what could be a huge financial disaster down the line . "  On the whole , I think it makes more sense , ethically and in terms of economic risk , to get these things out at public expense . " What is the company 's response ? PIP went bankrupt in 2010 , after its implants were banned . Its founder , Mas , is under investigation by French police . On Thursday , he was charged with involuntary injury over the implants . But PIP 's lawyer , Yves Haddad , told CNN that while industrial silicone was used in its implants , no tests had shown them to be a danger -- instead he insisted the problem was fear . "  Several things have heightened this fear : The advice and care given to victims , doctors who did n't want responsibility and pushed the problem onto PIP , and the intense media pressure . " Haddad also says there is no money for compensation for victims . "  Unfortunately the company has already been liquidated . No one can expect any money to come from PIP . " Will the scandal have a lasting impact ? Concerns over PIP implants have led some to call for greater regulation of the plastic surgery industry . "  If it 's going in your body , if it 's a pill , if it 's a medical device , it should be regulated by the government , " said Caplan . "  The consumer ca n't tell what 's safe , what is n't safe , what 's made according to good manufacturing processes . "  I think you have to have government watching over anything that people put into their bodies for a medical or a health purpose -- I do n't buy the idea that it 's just buyer beware . " The bioethicist said the scandal also showed the need for plastic surgery charges to include insurance against problems that may arise in future . "  For elective procedures ... it would make sense to make part of the charge some kind of coverage or insurance if things go wrong , if there turn out to be adverse events , " Caplan told CNN . "  National health systems do n't want to pay for purely elective cosmetic procedures , so you 're going to be stuck if something does turn out to be fraudulent or just misused , and instead of turning to lawyers , it might make better sense to build some insurance into the system . "	Breast implants made by French company PIP found to contain industrial-grade silicone Some 300,000 women in 65 countries received implants made by the company Health authorities in France have offered to pay for women to have them removed , replaced PIP founder Jean-Claude Mas charged with involuntary injury
CNN  -- Actress Goldie Hawn says world leaders are discovering how "  mindfulness " helps with stress -- but that she despairs at seeing young stars like Justin Bieber struggling to deal with fame . Hawn spoke to CNN at the World Economic Forum in Davos , where she had led a session on the power of neuroscience and mindfulness to "  change the world . " Hawn , star of films including "  Private Benjamin , " "  The First Wives Club " and "  The Cactus Flower " -- for which she won an Academy Award -- is also the founder of The Hawn Foundation . Hawn said when she started her foundation 12 years ago , mindfulness had been a "  what is that " concept , but she was optimistic that was changing . "  It 's extraordinary that this Davos this year seems to be centered a lot around the brain , a lot around stress reduction , mindfulness , all of these areas , " she said . "  They 're all coming out of the closet now , it 's like they 've all been meditating -- so many of them -- for 20 years and so forth . So it 's beginning to happen -- mindful leadership . " Hawn explained how she believed a healthy mind could lead to healthy decision making . "  When the brain is silent , the executive function , which is this part of the brain that makes decisions can work much better . So when you get quiet you make better decisions , you 're also more rested -- you 're not as reactive , " she said . "  So it 's actually great for the economy , great for our leadership and our thought leaders . " When asked about Justin Bieber , the Canadian pop star facing allegations of driving under the influence and drag racing , Hawn said his situation was "  heartbreaking . " The Oscar-winning actress , who was accompanied by a Tibetan monk at Davos to speak to business leaders about meditation , recalled the challenges of her own early success . "  It was very stressful . I was away from home . It happened overnight for me and I really became anxious around it , " she said . "  I sought help because I wanted to find out why I was n't as happy as I should have been , or excited , but I did n't understand why people were asking me for my autograph . " But Hawn said she had n't been attracted to drugs and her situation in the sixties had been different from that faced by the current generation of young celebrities . "  It actually breaks my heart because I know what 's going on , " she said . "  Now they 're self-medicating and this is the most dangerous thing for them . "  Talent , sweetness , ability to manage -- what good they could be doing , how happy they could be feeling . And as a mother -- and a grandmother now -- all I want to do is hold them . "	Goldie Hawn is in Davos to talk about the importance of neuroscience and mindfulness The Oscar-winning actress spoke to CNN anchor Nina dos Santos Friday During her interview she said DUI - accused Justin Bieber 's situation was "  heartbreaking " But Hawn expressed hope that the world 's CEOs were adopting "  mindful leadership "
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- The body of an apparent stowaway fell from the wheel well of a plane taking off Thursday from the Dominican Republic , a Federal Aviation Administration official said . The 767 aircraft -- Amerijet flight 840 -- landed about two hours later without incident at Miami International Airport . The flight originated in Santo Domingo . FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said the FAA is investigating the incident . According to its Web site , Amerijet is an international cargo carrier . The plane was sent to a secure area of Miami International and was being inspected , according to the Miami-Dade Police Department . It 's unclear why the plane continued to Miami after the body fell out , rather than returning to Santo Domingo . An Amerijet spokesperson did not immediately return a call for comment . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	Body fell from wheel well of 767 taking off from Dominican Republic , FAA says FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen says agency is investigating incident Amerijet flight 840 landed about two hours later at Miami International Airport
Fast Company  -- Users in China are reporting that access to LinkedIn has been blocked throughout the country . By all indications , it seems that the popular career networking site has run afoul of the country 's infamous Great Firewall . According to LinkedIn 's Hani Durzy , the company is aware of a blockage in China and is "  currently in the process of investigating the situation further . " The shutdown follows days of calls for a "  Jasmine Revolution " in China , on the model of the Tunisian and Egyptian revolutions . Access to Twitter and Facebook has been blocked throughout China for some time ; Chinese internet users seeking to use Twitter have been forced to access the site through difficult-to-use Virtual Private Networks  VPNs  . However , Chinese dissidents have another way of accessing Twitter ... LinkedIn . Use of LinkedIn , which is fully integrated with Twitter , was by far the easiest way to access Twitter in China . Messages can be easily read and posted through Twitter via LinkedIn . One Chinese Twitter user who accesses both Twitter and LinkedIn through a proxy posted photos to Twitpic that seem to confirm a Chinese LinkedIn outage . Adding credence to the LinkedIn-shutdown-to-block-Twitter strategy is the news that the Chinese government has started censoring the name of U.S. Ambassador Jon Huntsman from search results on the wildly popular homegrown Twitter/Tumblr clones Sina Weibo/QQ Weibo . Weibo means "  microblog " in Chinese . Huntsman faces widespread charges in China of support for the Jasmine Revolution after a citizen journalist spotted him watching a pro-democracy protest from within a crowd this past Sunday . Like any good American abroad , Huntsman was standing outside a McDonald 's . According to The Wall Street Journal , Chinese dissidents have been disseminating calls to protest and organizing events via LinkedIn . Reuters notes that the LinkedIn outagecould hurt the firm 's chances at an IPO : "  If the disruption for LinkedIn is permanent in China , it could hurt the company 's prospects at an IPO as a ban would exclude the company from the world 's largest Internet market -- about 450 million users and growing . " "  It certainly would be a negative in terms of the company 's future growth and profitability , " said Jay Ritter , a professor of finance at the University of Florida . "  This is something where investors would take it into account and be willing to pay a little lower price per share . " Luckily for LinkedIn , China 's Internet censors are notoriously fickle : Sites blip on and off the Great Firewall frequently , with no prior warning . Related : Fast Company 's Anya Kamenetz recently interviewed LinkedIn CEO Reid Hoffman . Read more about the social networking site as part of our Most Innovative Companies of 2011 project . Related : Fast Company 's Anya Kamenetz recently interviewed LinkedIn CEO Reid Hoffman . Read more about the social networking site as part of our Most Innovative Companies of 2011 project . Copyright  2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	Users in China are reporting that access to LinkedIn has been blocked The company is "  currently in the process of investigating the situation further " Use of LinkedIn was by far the easiest way to access Twitter in China
CNN  -- Today is Black Friday -- the longstanding cornerstone of the holiday season -- and many retailers are seeing the need to unveil even more incredible offers than ever to battle the growing suggestion of Black Friday fatigue . Accenture 's holiday shopping study this year showed a rise in consumer apathy toward the Black Friday shopping tradition , with more than half of consumers  53 percent  saying they were unlikely to or undecided on whether they will shop on Black Friday  compared to 48 percent in 2009  . Traditionally , Black Friday , with its notorious "  door-buster " deals , was the kick-off to the holiday shopping season , both for the store and the consumer . Now , it could be argued that Halloween marks the new holiday shopping starting point , as retailers try to catch as many sales as they can as early as possible with holiday advertising , promotions and an online push . This year will pose its own challenges in the fight for discretionary dollars as retailers also have to compensate for Christmas falling on a Saturday this year , meaning customers have one fewer weekend of holiday shopping . You can trace the increasingly lackluster consumer response to the Black Friday shopping tradition to the turbulent 2008 holidays . That year , we saw some retailers offer eye-popping discounts as high as 75 percent across their stores in early November to compensate for high inventories , high uncertainty , lower consumer confidence and less money in their pockets . This was a defining moment that dramatically changed the game . It not only took some of the gloss off Black Friday that year , but it also changed expectations for years to come of knowing when you would be able to snag the best holiday promotions and sales throughout the season . The growth in popularity of online shopping and the growing opportunity to find as many good deals online as in the store poses another challenge to Black Friday 's popularity . The increase in the number of homes with broadband internet access means that more and more shoppers can afford to , and prefer to , stay home and bag the offers online , rather than brave the crowds . Accenture 's survey showed that 69 percent of consumers said that they will be buying holiday gifts online this year , up from 64 percent in 2009 . Despite this changing landscape , Black Friday is not finished . It is still a significant day for a huge number of consumers and the sense of tradition that many attach to it means that it still has a role to play . A number of retailers are already exploring creative opportunities to regain some of Black Friday 's appeal and are looking at ways to engage with the customer through many different channels . Some are offering deals throughout the week . Some are opening their doors earlier . Some offered door-buster savings on Thanksgiving Day on their websites . So instead of waking up at 4 a.m. -- or earlier -- and braving the elements with the rest of the die-hard shoppers for a couple of hours on Friday , for many consumers , it was a simple question : "  Do I grab my laptop and surf the net for presents or sit in front of the TV to watch the game -- or both ? " The purpose of the brick-and-mortar store , however , is shifting from just being the place to make a transaction to providing more of an experience for the shopper . Retailers have an opportunity to redefine Black Friday and stimulate excitement around the day , helping them to build customer loyalty throughout the season . With all the challenges , Black Friday will remain at the heart of the holiday shopping season for the foreseeable future and the winning retailers will be the ones that continue to go beyond the door-buster deal to win the hearts and minds -- and wallets -- of the consumer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Janet Hoffman .	Black Friday losing significance as a key holiday shopping day , says Janet Hoffman Consumers are more likely to be apathetic and to shop online than in past years , she says She says deep price cuts in 2008 holiday season changed consumer expectations Stores focus on shopping experience in an age of rising online sales , she says
CNN  Not one , but two alligators have been found just a few miles apart in the Los Angeles area this week . On Thursday , Los Angeles Animal Services responded to a home with an eviction notice only to find an abandoned alligator in the backyard -- about six miles from where another alligator was found Monday . The 2 1/2 - foot-long American alligator found Thursday was in a large aquarium , a news release from the agency said . American alligators are primarily found in the Southeastern United States , around Florida and Louisiana , according to National Geographic . That 's a long way from Southern California . "  It is illegal to keep wildlife without a permit in the City of Los Angeles , " according to LA Animal Services . The owners were not home at the time , and authorities are looking to talk to them . The alligator is being held at the West Valley Animal Shelter in conjunction with the Los Angeles Zoo , which is looking after the alligator 's health . The case is unrelated to Jaxson , a 8-foot-long , 37-year-old alligator that was found Monday at a house where the residents said Jaxson had been their pet for nearly four decades . "  You can not own a reptile , or wildlife for that matter , like this , in the city of Los Angeles without having a proper permit , " Mark Sanchez of Los Angeles Animal Services said of the Jaxson case . Criminal investigations are being performed in both cases , but authorities have not said what charges the alligators ' owners might face .	On Monday , authorities found an 8-foot-long alligator at an LA home Another was found in the backyard of a different home Thursday
CNN  -- Two high school students -- managing editors at their school newspaper in Ann Arbor , Michigan -- wrote a distressing op-ed that appeared recently in The New York Times . Madeline Halpert , a junior , and Eva Rosenfeld , a sophomore , had undertaken a Herculean task . After bonding over the discovery that both were being treated for depression , they linked up with other journalism students and gathered highly personal stories about mental illness from teenagers in their school district . Incredibly , all their subjects agreed to be identified . No unnamed sources . No pseudonyms . These were reporters who did their homework , and subjects who saw the merit of going public about their experiences with everything from depression and anxiety to eating disorders and drug abuse . The two student editors were gearing up to devote an entire edition of the paper to telling the mental health stories of their peers . And then , the head of their school put the kibosh on the project . The stories were not to be published lest they trigger bullying or further mental health problems for the afflicted students . I read the two girls ' story the morning after a remarkable night of witnessing just the opposite -- the progress that comes when school administrators encourage their students to speak and write openly about mental illness . High school students in the tiny New England town of Ledyard , Connecticut , population 14,687 , for six years have been competing in an essay contest called "  Breaking the Silence about Mental Illness . " The project got started when two Ledyard high school health teachers teamed up with the leader of a local mental health support group to invite kids to compete for annual prizes of $ 250 , $ 150 and $ 100 . The prize money comes from the local chapter of the National Alliance on Mental Illness . I was one of four judges , which has given me a ringside seat to this work in progress at changing attitudes . Importantly , if you include our contest coordinator who oversees the project , three in our group of five are mental health professionals who can spot when an essayist has n't gotten the facts right , or displays red flags that should be brought to the attention of a parent . All of us have a connection to mental health issues , whether it is in a lifelong professional devotion , our own mental illness , or the care of a loved one . On Wednesday night , we honored our latest crop of courageous teenage writers in a meeting room at a state mental health center in Norwich , Connecticut . Ben Coffing read his third-place essay , "  ADHD Though My Eyes " and taught the audience a little something about the pain of feeling different . "  Imagine being called SPED in the hallway just because you have to work harder at school than someone else , " he said , referring to the derogatory slang that some students throw at special education kids . As far back as Ben can remember , kids thought he was weird because he was "  a little bit different . " But he also thinks having ADHD has made him "  a very caring person when others have a problem or issue . " I mean , can you top that , or what ? Molly Barnett read her second-place winning essay , "  Breaking The Silence About Mental Illness . " "  Try to put yourself in their shoes , " she said of people struggling with a mental health condition . "  Imagine going through each day , each hour , fighting the voices screaming in your head , as if you have schizophrenia . " Kathleen Ferry , the first-prize winner , began to sob just a few paragraphs into reading her gripping essay about what she called the "  alternate reality " of two weeks in a psychiatric hospital . I offered to read the rest , and Kathleen stood beside me as I shared her words about "  going from ER visit to ER visit " in her struggle with a worsening depression . After her last line -- "  I am living proof that things do get better ; all you need is guidance " -- Kathleen got a standing ovation from the audience of parents , siblings , friends and local residents . And then she posed for a picture with her $ 250 check , and took a seat next to her mom , who wrapped her arms around Kathleen and planted two big kisses on her right cheek . Parents or guardians of our winners always show up for the big night . The contest drew 36 entries in 2008 , its launch year . That inched up to 40 in 2009 and then a record-breaking 92 by 2013 , just months after students in another Connecticut school got a crash course on mental illness in the Sandy Hook massacre . This year , 149 Ledyard students submitted essays -- another record . The wisdom , honesty and emotion of the entries compounds with each cycle . Mental illness in children : Where to turn What 's always striking is how wide a population is affected by mental illness in such a tiny community . The two student editors in Ann Arbor observed the same thing on a larger scale . Cheryl Jacques , an essay contest judge and executive director of the Southeastern Mental Health Authority , a division of Connecticut 's Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services , said kids suffering with mental illness are craving information that can help them make sense of what they 're feeling . Ann Arbor , consider the great results of the open conversation about teenage mental health in Ledyard . Your high school editors are on to something .	Two high school students tried to tell stories about teen mental illnesses Susan Antilla : Schools need to have open conversations about mental health She says kids suffering from mental illness crave information that can help them Antilla : A town in Connecticut has seen good results when it fosters discussion
When a famous musician dies that loss is usually felt more widely than most . In my case though , the death of one particular musician this year was a moment of keen significance , because I literally owe my life to Phil Everly , and his older brother Don . My parents were born into the austerity of south-east England , as London and its surrounding areas recovered from World War II . Not long after my mother had started school , my grandparents decided to leave the difficulties of post-war London behind them and move out to the Essex countryside bordering the city to its east . My father 's family , also Londoners , had made the move some years earlier . My grandfather , who served in the Royal Engineers in Europe and North Africa during the war , returned to work in one of the many oil refineries dotted along the Thames estuary . My mother was 14 when she met my then 16-year-old father . The early '60s may have been swinging in central London , but the decade 's influence was less obvious in the suburbs . My parents ' first encounter , in 1962 , was a model of chaste restraint , at a village dance where boys and girls were kept under the careful watch of adults  especially during any slow dancing .  My dad walked my mum home , and assures me that nothing untoward took place . By this time the Everly Brothers ' powers had already peaked , but their influence on my father was still growing . His first encounter with their silken harmonies actually came in 1958 , huddled under blankets at his aunt 's draughty house . There he would listen to the sounds of one of rock 'n roll 's pioneering platforms , Radio Luxembourg . "  All I Have To Do Is Dream " played through the speakers of the wireless , as radios were always called back then , and he was hooked . My mum and dad dated happily for a couple of years , but in 1964 they hit a blip . On a chilly night , the couple were walking back from a dance at their local college hall . Peter Knight and the Nightriders had been playing . At the bus stop , my mum told my dad that she no longer wanted to be his girlfriend . Powerless to change her mind , he waved her goodbye for what might have been the last time . Like Marty McFly in Back to the Future , my life was fading from the picture . The Everly Brothers , too , were on the wane . But their sound was underpinning many of the tracks that were now piloting bands to superstardom . Rock 'n roll may have been a new sound , but it owed a heavy debt to its forebears . Listen to "  Please Please Me " by the Beatles , and compare it to "  Cathy 's Clown " by the Everlys  the first record to top both the UK and U.S. charts at the same time ,  and it is hard not to notice the similarities . In a bid to win back my mother 's affections , my dad hit upon an idea . He headed to his local record store and bought a copy of "  So Sad  To Watch Good Love Go Bad  . " He passed it to my mum 's brother , with whom he was good friends . It was a classic inside job : The man who is now my uncle passed it to the woman who would become my mum ; she played it on the family 's gramophone , and -- in the words of Ella Fitzgerald -- the spell was cast . My parents met again , and were reconciled . They did n't know it at the time , but I too was saved . My dad 's affection for the Everly Brothers never faded . He kept pace with disco , listened to the new romantics of the '80s , had a brush with reggae , and even dabbled in house music . But all of these would be punctuated by the Brothers ' gentle voices . The Everlys split acrimoniously in 1973 , with Phil famously smashing his guitar and storming off stage . But they reformed for a special Reunion Concert at London 's Royal Albert Hall in 1983 . Inevitably , my dad was there -- with my mum by his side . Two years later , he insisted on taking me and my sister , aged 12 and 10 , to London 's Hammersmith Odeon to see the Everlys for ourselves . We were sat near the front , and the aging but still potent duo won me and my equally cynical sister over completely . At the end of the concert my dad lifted my sister onto his shoulders and Don shook her hand . My dad actually had a couple of encounters with Phil Everly years later , while working in California . He was shopping at Vons in Burbank when he saw Phil and his then girlfriend Patti buying groceries . Star-struck and too polite to approach them , he did n't take his chance to say hello . However , not long after , he found himself dining in a Los Angeles restaurant on the next table to the couple . This time he made his move , and was able to finally meet his idol -- who was impeccably warm and polite . Sadly , in his excitement , my dad forgot to tell him about the record . In January this year , as news broke that pulmonary disease had claimed Phil 's life , my brother-in-law called my parents ' house to check if they had heard . My mum broke the news to my dad , who sat down and cried inconsolably . Throughout the week he received calls from friends and family , all checking to see how he 'd reacted to the news . It was as if a family member had died , and in a way -- for my dad at least -- that was what Phil and Don Everly were and are . For my own part , the news was a reminder of the comforting soundtrack of my youngest years ; of car journeys to the coast , lazy Sunday mornings , family gatherings and parties . Above all though , it was a reminder of the story of my parents ' near break up , their reconciliation , and the debt I owe Phil and his brother . So thank you , Phil Everly , and may you rest in peace . Read more : People we lost : Benjamin Bradlee and Lorin Maazel , by Christiane Amanpour Read more : People we lost : Joe Cocker , by Neil Curry Read more : People we lost : Football legend Eusebio , by Duarte Mendonca Read more : People we lost : Christophe de Margerie , by John Defterios Read more : Loved ones we lost in 2014	I literally owe my life to Phil Everly , and his older brother Don , writes Hawkins Hawkins ' parents had split up , but were reconciled thanks to an Everly Brothers track Phil Everly , one half of the groundbreaking duo , died aged 74 in September Their hits included "  Bye Bye Love " and "  Cathy 's Clown "
CNN  -- Every parent loves his or her child ; it 's the prime directive of the species . Twenty years ago , when my wife was pregnant with our first baby , Hillary Clinton told me that having a child is like taking your heart out of your body and letting it walk around . For some parents , however , their beloved child takes their heart on a long , wild ride that careers from joyous and generous to dark and dangerous . So it was with John Schwartz and Jeanne Mixon . Joseph , their third child , was a precocious reader , a super-sensitive old soul , fiercely defiant when he believed the teacher was too autocratic , hyper-quick on the trigger . Or , as his father put it , a squirrelly kid . He 's also gay . Fabulously gay . From early childhood he preferred feather boas to football ; pink shoes to playing soccer . No problem ; his parents are enlightened , intelligent , educated , urbane and progressive . Their community in suburban New Jersey was welcoming and inclusive . Their rabbi is gay . iReport : Who 's at your Thanksgiving table ? And yet shortly after he came out of the closet at age 13 , Joe attempted suicide . In his new book , "  Oddly Normal , " Joseph 's dad takes his readers through his family 's years-long high-wire act : counselors and psychiatrists who tried to medicate their son ; teachers who ranged from saintly to Nurse Ratched-like ; thoughtful , caring professionals who struggled with a kid who did n't quite fit in the "  normal " category , but whose peccadilloes and challenges also did n't fit within any of the prefab boxes . Joseph does not have Asperger 's syndrome ; he is not austic ; he 's not ADD or ADHD . He 's just squirrelly . And gay . My take : 5 ways to raise thankful children A national reporter for the New York Times , Schwartz mixes his family 's personal journey with solid reporting on controversies like whether we are over-medicating our children , whether gay teens really are more prone to suicide , nature versus nurture and more . He writes like the pro he is , but this is not some dispassionate account of the social science of the suburbs . This is open-soul surgery without anesthetic . I have known and liked Schwartz and Mixon since college . They are smart and strong and loving . They need all of those attributes as they butt heads with educrats , shrinks and teachers as they fight for their bright , witty handful of a boy . Somehow -- maybe it 's the journalistic training -- Schwartz is not harshly judgmental , even to Mr. Fourth Grade , a teacher who , he says , was especially harmful to Joseph . The only time his sense of fairness and perspective abandons him is when he turns his truth-beam on himself : Why did n't he act on the warning signs that were obvious in hindsight ? Because , of course , they were not obvious then , camouflaged by routine and shrouded in fog . Every parent feels that way . Few can express it as fearlessly as Schwartz . "  Oddly Normal " has a happy ending . Joseph himself provides a coda that will bring tears to your eyes . Schwartz 's memoir is brave and beautiful , surprising and inspiring , a testament to parents ' endless determination to help their children , and the bottomless capacity for love . It is by no means a How-To guide for raising a gay kid . It should be taken to heart by every parent . Living : Navigating family and dinner table etiquette landmines As Schwartz writes , "  You do n't have to be gay to understand that your own child might feel isolated , different . Alone on the planet . It 's our job to love our little Martians whatever it is that makes them different . " As families gather for Thanksgiving , secrets and regrets are invariably on the menu . But so is love and acceptance -- especially in the best families , like the Schwartzes . Sure Uncle Walter will bloviate about his golf game , Aunt Claire will make catty comments about your weight , the cousins from California will be over-served . But I for one will thank God for family : the folks who fight for you when you 're vulnerable , forgive you when you 're wrong , and always , always love you -- even if you 're a little squirrelly . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	Paul Begala says his friends have a terrific son , Joe ; strong , intelligent , sensitive and also gay This was no problem to his smart , loving parents ; but at 13 , Joe tried to kill himself , he says He says the dad wrote a book about helping Joe through difficulties as he came out Begala : It offers a good reminder at Thanksgiving , as families share love and acceptance
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A frenzy of diplomatic activity was underway around the tense Korean peninsula Thursday , with North Korean leader Kim Jong-il reportedly traveling through China , former U.S. President Jimmy Carter visiting Pyongyang , and the Chinese envoy to six-party denuclearization talks landing in Seoul . "  We detected Kim Jong-il 's train heading towards China , over the border , at midnight Wednesday , " a source at South Korea 's presidential office said . "  We assume that Kim is aboard the train , and are trying to find out his destination and the purpose of his visit . " As is common with the secretive state , the visit was unannounced and no agenda has been released . China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs did not respond to questions regarding Kim Jong-il 's visit . The North Korean Embassy in Beijing said it had no information regarding the visit . The alleged movement is taking place amid speculation that the ailing Kim , 68 , who is believed to have suffered a stroke two years ago , is preparing to officially announce his son , Kim Jong-eun , as his successor . Meanwhile , Carter arrived in Pyongyang Wednesday on a humanitarian mission to negotiate the release of U.S. citizen Aijilon Gomes , believed to be a Christian activist , who is currently imprisoned in the country after entering it illegally in January . Carter was greeted by Kim Gye-gwan , North Korea 's chief negotiator at the six-party nuclear talks , and has also met the country 's titular head of state , Kim Jong-nam , according to Seoul 's Yonhap News agency , quoting North Korean media . There have been hopes of some breakthrough in tense Pyongyang-Washington relations with Carter 's visit . Carter 's 1994 talks with the late Kim Il-sung , Kim Jong-il 's father , paved the way for the "  Agreed Framework " the same year , an agreement designed to reign in Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions . Also on Thursday in Seoul , Wu Dawei , vice foreign minister and special representative on Korean Peninsular affairs of China , was in Seoul for talks with Wi Sung-lac . The two men are their country 's respective envoys in the currently stalled six-party talks that aim to denuclearize the Korean peninsula . These events come amid intense speculation surrounding North Korea 's leadership , given that the state will be holding only its third-ever Workers Party Congress in September . "  The last Congress was in 1966 , an enormously important year in North Korean ideology , as that was when their cultural revolution started , when the personality cult went up a huge notch , " said Brian Myers , a North Korea propaganda expert and author of The Cleanest Race . "  If that is anything to go by , this congress has to be something big . " Experts do not , however , expect Kim to place his son before the Beijing leadership , and suggested that a China trip is more likely to be economically motivated . North Korea is facing sanctions pressure following a string of nuclear tests , missile launches and , most recently , the sinking of a South Korean warship in March -- which Seoul accuses Pyongyang of carrying out -- meaning Kim could be going cap-in-hand . "  Kim Jong-il , I think , would be looking primarily for expressions of economic support and political support , " added Mike Chinoy , author of Meltdown : The Inside Story of the North Korean Nuclear Crisis . "  He needs Chinese help to keep his economy afloat and the Chinese remain North Korea 's best friend " But if Kim is , indeed , in China , hopes of an easing in Washington-Pyongyang tensions are lowered . "  Carter is in to get Gomes out , not to try and restart something , " said Kim Byung-ki , a security expert at Seoul 's Korea University . "  If Kim Jong-iI is not there , Carter will not be able to meet the top leader , ask questions , interact and get the atmospherics ; he can meet Kim Gye-gwan and Kim Jong-nam , but they are not the center of power . " With Carter being greeted by Kim Gye-gwan in Pyongyang , and with Wu visiting Seoul , there may be a desire by Pyongyang and/or Beijing to restart stalled denuclearization talks . "  As we understand , Ambassador Wu visited North Korea recently , so I think he will explain what he heard in North Korea and deliver the Chinese view on the resumption of the six-party talks , " said a Seoul Foreign Ministry official . While the 1994 "  Agreed Framework " fell apart soon after the George W. Bush administration accused Pyongyang of a secret atomic arms program in 2002 , Beijing has invested considerable credibility in sponsoring the six-party talks , designed to denuclearize the Korean peninsula . But the talks , which started in 2003 , have made little progress : North Korea has undertaken two nuclear tests and talks themselves have been in abeyance since 2007 . China has railed against U.S. and South Korean naval exercises held in the eastern Pacific following the sinking of the South Korean corvette Cheonan in March , perhaps explaining why Beijing wishes for a resumption of dialogue at this time . "  I think Beijing would like to contain any further escalation of military exercises generated as a result of the Cheonan incident , " said Korea University 's Kim . "  It is not in their interest to have a further tightening of the U.S.-Korea-Japan alliance . " South Korea , however , may be less willing to resume talks , given the talks ' history , and given current public anger over the Cheonan , in which 46 sailors died . "  People I speak to in South Korea say they are not in the mood to return to the table unless there is some kind of apology for the sinking of the Cheonan and some clear signs of a serious implementation of denuclearization commitments , " said Dan Pinkston , of the International Crisis Group 's Seoul office . "  If you are Beijing , how can you demonstrate that North Korea is going to return to the table to bargain in good faith ? " CNN 's Jo Ling Kent contributed to this story	Kim Jong-il may be in China Jimmy Carter is in Pyongyang Chinese diplomat is in Seoul
CNN  -- Yemen 's largest opposition coalition blamed President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's ruling family for causing chaos in the town of Radda , Baitha province , and said the family intentionally eased the way for al Qaeda militants to take over the town . The Joint Meeting Parties  JMP  said this strategy was used in an effort to delay the presidential elections and halt the power transfer from taking place . "  Only Saleh would hand over a town to terrorists . He does not care for Yemen or its people , " said Ahmed Bahri , a senior JMP leader . Numerous tribal chiefs told CNN that the suspected al Qaeda militants are now in control of the Sawadia Republican Guard 's base in Radda and entered the town without a fight . Saleh 's eldest son , Ahmed , runs the guards . "  Everything was handed over to the militants . What other explanation can there be ? Hundreds of Republican Guard forces suddenly evacuated the base without a fight , " said Abdullah al-Barraki , a tribal chief in Radda . CNN was able to independently verify that the militants were now in control of the base . Radda , located just 107 miles southeast of Yemen 's capital Sana'a , has been without any security presence for more than six days , according to residents . Tribal chiefs in the town are negotiating with the militants to leave the town without bloodshed . This comes as thousands of anti-Saleh protesters marched in the streets of Radda on Wednesday , condemning what they say was an act of treachery by relatives of Saleh . "  Saleh 's nephew and son handed over the town to the militants . They wanted al Qaeda to take over the town to raise the tension in the country , " said Sameer Ashtal , a youth protester in Radda . He added , "  Saleh is willing to destroy to the entire country for the sake of himself , and that is why he has to leave power . " Marchers in Radda chanted , "  Saleh 's family sold Radda . He will stand trial for this crime . " Last week , dozens of militants loyal to Tareq al-Thahab , an extremist militant , took over historical sites in Radda and called for the implementation of Sharia law . Khaled al-Thahab , a prominent tribal leader and brother of the al Qaeda leader in Radda , said that the National Security Forces assisted his brother in taking over the town . The national security sector is directly run by Ammar Mohammed , the nephew of Saleh . The JMP warned the international community that certain factions will be seeking to halt the power transfer deal worked out with the Gulf Cooperation Council . "  The JMP are completely abiding  by  the GCC power transfer deal while Saleh 's ruling family is doing otherwise , " said Mohammed Qahtan , a senior opposition Islah official , and former spokesperson for the JMP . CNN contacted the office of Vice President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi to clarify the reasons behind the growing tension , but they refused to comment . Saleh signed away executive powers to Hadi on November 23 , allowing him to keep the title of president for 90 days but officially ending his rule . Hadi is expected to win the February 21 presidential elections and be the country 's next leader . Jamal Ben Omar , the United Nations envoy to Yemen , insists that presidential elections will not be delayed . "  There is no space to negotiate the delay of the Yemeni presidential elections , " he said . Ali al-Amrani , Yemen 's minister of information , told CNN that an immunity bill for Saleh is expected to be passed on Saturday after differing factions met at Hadi 's residence on Wednesday and finalized most differing points . The bill has been the core of controversy between the opposition and the president . The bill , if passed , will grant Saleh immunity from prosecution for all crimes and violations committed during his 33 years in power .	JMP : Saleh 's family has handed town of Radda over to al Qaeda militants Protester : "  Saleh is willing to destroy to the entire country for the sake of himself " Tribal chiefs are negotiating with the militants to leave the town peacefully Militants loyal to Tareq al-Thahab took over historical sites in Radda last week
CNN  -- Apple is now the proud owner of the page turn . In a patent approved this week by the United States Patent Office Apple was awarded a design patent for "  Display screen or portion thereof with animated graphical user interface . " The patent illustration shows three images : One with the corner of a page being turned slightly , the next with it halfway , and a third showing the page almost entirely turned over . A feature used in Apple 's iBooks , and books in general , the patent represents one of 38 different patents granted to Apple this week . The New York Times points out that this is n't the first "  seemingly obvious " patent that Apple has been awarded . Previously the company was granted patents for the musical note icon it uses to represent iTunes and the glass staircase it uses in stores . Over the past several years Apple has made quite a few headlines for its involvement in patent suits against other device makers . Earlier this year Apple won a patent lawsuit against Samsung , walking away with $ 1 billion in restitution , and has recently made moves to go after Samsung products that were released after that court ruling , including the Galaxy Note 10.1 . Earlier this week it settled a different patent case with handset maker HTC with a 10-year licensing agreement of patents held by both companies reportedly requiring HTC to pay Apple $ 6 to $ 8 per Android handset it sells . Should Apple have been awarded a patent for the page turn ? Let us know your thoughts in the comments .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple patents a page turn function this week It is a feature used in Apple 's iBooks application Apple has been involved in recent patent disputes with Samsung and HTC
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Saying he hopes "  tourists from around the world will soon return , " Egypt 's newly appointed minister of antiquities announced Thursday that tourist sites will reopen on Sunday . "  All of the Pharaonic , Coptic , Islamic and modern sites " will reopen , said a statement from the Minister of Antiquities Affairs , Zahi Hawass . The decision was made after Hawass met with members of the ministry and the Antiquities and Tourism Police to discuss security measures . "  Dr. Hawass stated he hopes tourists from around the world will soon return to Egypt , " the statement said . Hawass , former secretary-general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities , was appointed to the new post January 30 under former President Hosni Mubarak . Mubarak stepped down Friday after 18 days of protests and unrest . There has been widespread concern about Egypt 's antiquities being damaged or looted during the upheaval , particularly after reports of a break-in at the nation 's main museum in Cairo . Hawass ' office also said Thursday that ancient burial sites have been broken into . Sabry Abdel Aziz , head of the Pharaonic Sector of the ministry , told Hawass that a "  false door " and other items were stolen from the tomb of Hetep-Ka , in Saqqara . In Abusir , a portion of a false door was stolen from the tomb of Re-Hotep , the ministry said . In addition , some storage magazines in Saqqara , including one near the pyramid of Teti , had their seals broken , along with a magazine at Cairo University , the ministry said . Hawass has formed a committee to prepare reports on what , if anything , is missing . Abusir is a pyramid field on the left bank of the Nile , north of Saqqara , where many 5th Dynasty pharaohs chose to site their burial monuments . Saqqara , one of Egypt 's oldest burial sites , has several royal pyramids . The Egyptian military caught people attempting to loot sites at Tell el Basta and a tomb in Lischt , the ministry said . "  There have also been many reports of attacks on archaeological lands , " the statement said , adding that Hawass has asked all of the second heads within the ministry to prepare reports for each site in Egypt . Hawass said Sunday that at least 17 artifacts were missing from the Egyptian Museum in Cairo . The museum was broken into on January 28 , not long after anti-Mubarak protests began . He updated that number to 18 on Monday , but said two of the missing relics -- a heart scarab and one of 11 missing Shabti statuettes -- funerary figurines -- had been found . On Tuesday , a blog post on Hawass ' website said that wooden fragments belonging to a damaged New Kingdom coffin had been found in a preliminary search of the museum and its grounds . Also found were fragments belonging to a statue of King Tutankhamun being carried by the goddess Minkaret , according to the posting , but "  all of the located fragments belong to the figure of Menkaret . The small figure of the king has not been found . " Hawass said he believes the looters dropped objects as they fled , and "  every inch of the museum must be searched before the Registration , Collections Management and Documentation Department , which is overseeing the inventory , can produce a complete and final report of exactly what is missing , " the post said . The Army was allowing few people into the museum , making it difficult to carry out a search , according to the posting . Hawass said January 31 that the intruders had vandalized statues and display cases and stolen jewelry from the museum 's gift shop . A number of suspects were apprehended shortly after the break-in , he said , some with antiquities in their possession . The Tuesday blog post said that Hawass "  would like to clarify earlier statements in which he announced that nothing was missing  from the museum  . " He said when the search committee made its first pass through the museum , "  objects that were at first thought to be missing were found thrown into trash cans and corners far from their original locations " and he was led to believe that all the items would be found in a full search . "  Professionals out to steal would normally be careful not to damage the objects they were planning to take , so the initial impression was that the attackers were vandals rather than thieves , " the blog post said . Hawass was also misinformed by a museum staffer about a statue of the pharaoh Akhenaten and was told it was only damaged when it was missing , the post said . "  In addition to expressing what he then firmly believed , which was that museum staff would continue to locate the missing objects , his intent in these earlier statements was to reassure the world that the damage at the museum , while tragic , was far less widespread than originally feared , and to make clear that the museum 's most major masterpieces , such as the Golden Mask of Tutankhamun , were safe . "	The sites will reopen on Sunday "  False doors " have been reported stolen from burial sites The search continues for items from the Cairo museum
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Indian authorities Tuesday filed a police complaint against Continental Airlines for frisking a former president of the country as he was to travel to New York in April . Former president APJ Abdul Kalam was exempt from body checks , officials said . Civil aviation officials in New Delhi accused Continental of gross violation of Indian security rules that prohibit pre-embarkation body checks on certain dignitaries like a former president . The police complaint followed a probe that had established that APJ Abdul Kalam was subject to frisking before he boarded a flight from New Delhi to New York on April 21 , the Indian civil aviation ministry said in a statement . The ministry also alleged the airline did not respond to its show-cause notice in connection with Kalam 's body checks . In its police complaint , Indian civil aviation authorities accused the airline staff of "  willful violation " of their directions on exemptions from pre-embarkation frisking . Continental , however , insisted it followed standard American air-safety procedures . "  TSA  Transportation Security Administration  requirements impose a final security check in the aerobridge just before boarding the aircraft . "  This procedure is followed by all carriers flying to the U.S. from most of the countries in the world and there is no exemption to this rule , " it said in a statement .	Indian authorities file complaint against Continental for frisking former president Former president APJ Abdul Kalam was exempt from body checks , officials say Continental , however , insists it followed standard U.S. air-safety procedures
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray , Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso -- this year has witnessed the evolution of some classic rivalries that bode for an intriguing 2013 sporting calendar . Will they become the new Nicklaus-Palmer , Borg-McEnroe , Federer-Nadal or Prost-Senna -- or will an apparent tendency towards friendliness dampen the sparks that are so vital in a true clash of competitive egos ? The relationship between Woods and his heir apparent as golf 's biggest star is already showing signs of an unexpected "  bromance " . "  I think it 's sort of evolved since Abu Dhabi at the start of this year , " McIlroy told CNN 's Living Golf when the duo sat down for a joint interview . "  I 'd played with him before but never really got a chance to speak to him in depth . I think we both have a lot in common -- we 're both big sports fans and I think our relationship has evolved from there because we 've played together quite a lot this year . "  It 's been great for me to get to know him and maybe try and pick up a few things and learn from him too . " McIlroy wins PGA Player of the Year Before the rise of McIlroy , golf 's undisputed No. 1 player this year , Woods ' previous big rival was Phil Mickelson -- and their relationship was notoriously frosty . They snapped at each other via the media , and Woods ' former caddy Steve Williams ramped up the tension with some choice remarks to the press and and fans from which even his employer had to hastily distance himself . Friendly enemies But Woods , now 36 , seems much happier in competition with McIlroy despite the 23-year-old being poised to usurp him as Nike 's biggest golf endorsement . "  We 've battled each other a few times , but we have a lot in common , " Woods said . "  Granted , there 's an age difference but I had a huge age difference with my other good friend Mark O'Meara , but we had so much in common . "  I think our relationship will certainly grow over the years , but so too will our competitiveness -- I do n't think that 's going to change . " Magical McIlroy reigns in Dubai However , while Woods is good friends with O'Meara , a man almost 20 years his senior , they were never really on-course rivals despite the older American 's two major triumphs in 1998 -- a year of highs that he never repeated . But if Woods and McIlroy are to become truly great adversaries along the lines of Nicklaus-Tom Watson and Ben Hogan-Sam Snead then they ca n't afford to become too cosy , according to sports leadership expert Khoi Tu . "  At the extreme , the ability to defeat your opponent , to crush them , requires huge mental discipline , " said Tu , whose book "  Superteams " features the F1-dominating Ferrari/Schumacher era and the 2010 Ryder Cup-winning team captained by European golf icon Colin Montgomerie . "  As soon as you begin empathizing with your competitor , you may not have that killer instinct , " Tu told CNN . "  Great sporting rivalries bring out the best in both players . Great sporting friendships is a great tactic for one and not the other . "  If Rory becomes a genuine rival as opposed to the rival of the moment , then I think Tiger will find it hard not to compete in every dimension possible . "  It 's in his DNA , it 's what makes him a great competitor . In many respects the best thing about it would be if they did become real rivals , if there was a sense of abrasion or friction -- a sense that sparks fly . It would do wonders for the sport . " Woods , McIlroy ` too tired ' for $ 7 ` M Chinese tournament As Nicklaus once said of Palmer : "  We are adversarial friends or friendly enemies . All our lives we 've competed against each other . Arnold and I fight like the devil about stuff . " Tennis stars Murray and Djokovic have been friends since childhood , but they have still maintained a ferocious on-court rivalry that this year has reached towards the heights of predecessors such as Federer-Nadal , Borg-McEnroe and Navratilova-Evert . Roger Federer at first struggled when Rafael Nadal ended his complete domination of the men 's game , but the duo now publicly insist they are firm friends following years of epic clashes -- despite an apparent spat this year over the Spaniard 's desire for changes to be made on the ATP Tour . "  Great shared experiences build great bonds between people , " Tu says . "  That bond is different than friendship . It 's a bond of respect . " Bitter feud For Woods and McIlroy there is every incentive to cast themselves as friends and rivals . Already they have been lured into playing a lucrative exhibition clash in one of golf 's key markets , China , that led them to withdraw from a premier European Tour event in the same country later that week . "  They both just got huge paydays in China , they may be putting a slight front on that camaraderie , " sports psychologist Dan Abrahams told CNN . "  In a sport like golf , having a spat with a rival is n't seen as being the right thing , whereas  in soccer  Alex Ferguson having a spat with  rival manager  Arsene Wenger , that seems to be quite normal . " Abrahams argues some of McIlroy 's older European peers such as Luke Donald , Lee Westwood and Darren Clarke -- who have won only one major title between them -- may have suffered from their on-tour friendship . "  Speaking with a lot of golf coaches , that generation have been perhaps a bit too friendly with each other , " said Abrahams . "  If you compare them with Nick Faldo , he was renowned for keeping himself quite isolated , which was a catalyst for his competitiveness . I think keeping your distance from competitors can be a useful thing . " Faldo has questioned the apparent friendship of golf 's two biggest names , but McIlroy played down the criticism . "  You 're on tour long enough and you do n't need enemies out there , you want to have friends , " the Northern Irishman told CNN . "  Life on tour can get a bit lonely at times and you wan na have guys that you can go out for dinner with . You 're seeing most of the guys each week and you 've got to have someone to talk to . If that 's what worked for Faldo then great , but I do n't think it would work for me . " Ferrari drops Vettel appeal plan In the high-octane world of Formula One , Alonso is known for his clashes with fellow drivers -- he left McLaren after only one season following a bitter feud with teammate Lewis Hamilton . However , this year the Spaniard has been much more respectful of Vettel , despite Ferrari 's united front in downplaying the achievements of Red Bull 's history-making triple world champion . Recalibrating sport Rumors persist that the Italian marque wants to sign Vettel for the 2014 season , which would be an acid test for relations between the two drivers . "  When you get two No. 1 drivers together with no team rules , then the sparks can really fly , " says Tu , who has worked with Ferrari and former F1 world champion Jackie Stewart . "  It 's rare for them to be good mates . They may get along , they may trust and respect each other in a professional capacity , but hanging out is a different issue . " Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher , who has now retired for a second time , was known for his win-at-all costs approach at Ferrari but such an attitude is becoming increasingly unacceptable for sports fans , says Tu . Contrast the feelgood factor of the London 2012 Olympics with the demonization of Lance Armstrong , who has refused to contest allegations of systematic doping during his time as cycling 's tour de force . "  There is , at the moment , a very fine line that sport is treading -- this desire and ambition to win , but not to do so at all costs , " says Tu . "  Someone like Schumacher , his desire to win would take him to the dark side . That type of willingness to do whatever it takes is a feature of champions . Unmoderated , it 's pretty dangerous for the game . "  We 've just been through a period of excess and egregious behavior from many corporates -- but equally sporting teams as well . The desire to win , and the merits and rewards of winning , maybe outweighed the joy of winning . "  I think sport is recalibrating . That 's why the Olympics made everyone so happy . There was a sense that winning was important , but not necessarily at all costs -- it 's the sportsmanship sometimes that makes the bigger story . "	Golf stars Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods talk to CNN about their growing friendship Sports leadership expert says their rivalry depends on not becoming too close Empathy for fellow competitors can dull their "  killer instinct " Psychologist says some top European golfers have been "  too friendly "
Pamplona , Spain  CNN  -- I do n't think that anyone can prepare you for Pamplona . From the moment of the Chupinazo at twelve noon on the 6th of July to the closing ceremonies at midnight on the 14th there is no other celebration like it in the world . Certainly many have tried to describe what goes on during the Fiesta , including of course my grandfather Ernest Hemingway in his novel "  The Sun Also Rises , " but if you really want an idea of what it 's all about then you 've got to go there and see it for yourself . Which , of course , is exactly what Ernest Hemingway did in 1923 . He had first heard about it from Gertrude Stein , one of his literary mentors and a woman who had piqued his curiosity with her tales of the Carthaginian origins of bullfighting . Nothing was ever as it seemed , she told her star student and the Corrida , or bullfight , represented for some the wedding gift of the groom to the bride , wherein the bull symbolically was the man and the torero the woman . Their fight was a ballet , she explained , and only when the bullfighter went over the animal 's horns and placed his sword perfectly into the morrillo  the large muscle on the back of the bull 's neck  , pushing it down into the heart and killing it instantly , was there a union between the two and a consummation of their love . She knew my grandfather well and probably thought , where else in Europe could a war veteran go and expect to find the same danger and exhilaration that comes from living on the edge , the same camaraderie and apparent contradictions that Ernest had seen on the Austrian front in Italy in 1918 ? Only in Spain -- and specifically in Pamplona , where the townspeople gave any man the opportunity to risk his life every morning running in front of a herd of six Toro Bravos -- would my grandfather find what he truly needed . He came to the Fiesta a total of nine times , most of them in the 1920s and the last two in 1953 , a year before he won the Nobel Prize and in 1959 , two years before he died . Now while I 'd advise anyone to read my grandfather 's works to have a more intimate idea of the kind of person he was , if for no other reason than because being a writer myself , I understand how important it was for him to write every day and to write as well as he could , I also know that his many visits to Pamplona were just as much a measure of the man . They were as important as his writing was , but for other reasons . Here he could let himself go . Here he did n't have to worry about the blank page , or the flow of his words or maintaining that furious energy that any writer needs to create something that is powerful and sublime . No , during the Fiesta he was surrounded by friends and was reminded every day that "  you do n't own it . " That nothing is permanent and that everything is ephemeral and passing , including the people that you meet and the moments that you share . Most everything that he did back then and that in fact people still do today was spontaneous and unplanned . "  La fiesta est  por la calle " they like to say in Pamplona , the party is in the streets . This is what you learn when you come here and what I understood immediately in 2008 when I came here for the first time . It brought me closer to my grandfather and made me appreciate him more as a man and as an artist . If he could embrace this chaos and see it for what it was  life itself  and understand the need for this modern day bacchanalia then I could too . "  You do n't own it , " I could almost hear him say , and you never do but you can face your fears and the unexpected like a man and run in front of the bulls as fast as your legs will carry you until you 're either pushed aside , knocked down , gored or worse . That 's the beauty of Pamplona , it gives you the chance to experience something that perhaps you 've never experienced before , to finally be creative with your own life . READ : How to survive Pamplona 's Running of the Bulls	Ernest Hemingway described the bull-running Fiesta in his novel "  The Sun Also Rises " His grandson John Hemingway says only in Pamplona can a man risk life running in front of six Toro Bravos John Hemingway : Coming to Pamplona made me appreciate Ernest more as a man and as an artist Here you must run until you 're either pushed aside , knocked down , gored or worse
CNN  -- "  Valerie Harper is facing a devastating diagnosis : terminal brain cancer , " a People cover story from March started . "  Her doctors say she has as little as three months left to live . " Then in August , the actress ' doctor told the "  Today " show that Harper was "  pretty close to remission . " The media took it from there . Yet after Harper was named a contestant on "  Dancing With the Stars " on Wednesday , she made a few clarifications . "  I have lung cancer , " she told CNN . "  It is situated in the lining of the brain . It 's not even in the brain . " And "  my lung cancer doctor says , ` Valerie , we do n't even use remission . ' " Call it confusion over medical jargon . Call it sensationalizing . Call it miscommunication . Whatever it is , it 's an illustration of how much the term "  cancer " confuses everyone . "  I see a lot of people with ` brain cancer ' who actually have ... lung cancer , or breast cancer or some other cancer  that spread  to the brain , " said Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical and scientific officer for the American Cancer Society . "  We treat the cancer according to its origin . " In other words , doctors treat prostate cancer that has spread to a patient 's bones differently than they would treat bone cancer . Harper rose to fame playing Rhoda Morgenstern on "  The Mary Tyler Moore Show " and its spinoff "  Rhoda . " In 2009 , she was diagnosed with a non-small cell lung cancer . Doctors removed the tumor and told Harper the cancer had not spread to other parts of her body . Then in January , Harper spent a week in the hospital after falling ill during a play rehearsal . "  The side of my face started to feel kind of numb . I was slurring my speech , " Harper told The New Yorker . Doctors ruled out a stroke and continued to do more tests . Shortly after , Harper was diagnosed with leptomeningeal carcinomatosis , also called cerebral carcinomatosis . The cancer cells from her lungs had spread to the meninges , which is three layers of tissue that protect the central nervous system . Think of it like a bag that contains the brain , spinal cord and spinal fluid . This metastasis happens in about 3 % to 5 % of non-small cell lung cancer patients , Brawley said . "  It is like little grains of rice sprinkled on the surface of the meninges when seen  during an  autopsy , " he said . "  It is diagnosed in life with a spinal tap , and you find cancer cells in the spinal fluid . " It 's rare that someone does well with leptomeningeal carcinomatosis , Brawley said , which may explain why Harper 's doctor said her current health "  defies the odds . " But most outlets did n't publish the doctor 's following quote from the "  Today " piece : "  The problem is that at any time this can change . " The treatment that Harper has undergone -- most likely chemotherapy administered through a spinal port , Brawley said -- reportedly is working to slow the disease . But these cancer cells are adaptable and will develop resistance to the treatment . So short of a miracle , complete remission is n't in Harper 's future . As the actress said , "  It 's not a matter of if , but when . " Valerie Harper hopes you dance , too	Valerie Harper 's lung cancer spread to the membrane system around her brain She was diagnosed in January with leptomeningeal carcinomatosis Expert : Treatment reportedly is working to slow the disease , but cancer will continue to spread
CNN  -- Police are searching for any other alleged victims of a Sunday school teacher accused of raping and killing an 8-year-old girl from Tracy , California . Melissa Huckaby is charged with killing 8-year-old Sandra Cantu , who was a friend of her own daughter . "  We are asking the public if they have any indication that any of their children may have had inappropriate contact with -LSB- the suspect -RSB- to contact us , " Tracy Police Sgt. Tony Sheneman said Tuesday evening . "  There has been no indication that this has happened . But she is a Sunday school teacher and did have contact with children , so that is why we are asking . " Melissa Huckaby , 28 , was arrested and charged with killing and raping 8-year-old Sandra Cantu , a friend of her 5-year-old daughter . Huckaby , wearing red jail scrubs over a white T-shirt , was in court Tuesday for an arraignment . She was charged with murder , kidnapping , the performance of a lewd and lascivious act on a child under 14 and rape by instrument . If convicted , Huckaby would face the death penalty or life in prison without parole , San Joaquin County District Attorney James Willett told reporters after the hearing . A decision on whether to seek the death penalty will be made later , he said . Huckaby did not enter a plea or speak during the court hearing , although she flinched when Sandra Cantu 's name was spoken , and she cried at times . Sandra 's body was found April 6 , stuffed into a suitcase and submerged in a pond at a dairy farm . Huckaby was arrested Friday night after questioning by police . Sandra was last seen alive March 27 in the mobile home park where she lived with her family -- the same mobile home park where Huckaby lives with her daughter . The two children were close friends and played together frequently , police said . Huckaby is the granddaughter of Clifford Lane Lawless , pastor of Clover Road Baptist Church near the mobile home park , and she taught Sunday school at the church , police have said . The church was searched as part of the investigation into Sandra 's disappearance and death . Before her arrest , Huckaby acknowledged to a newspaper reporter that she owned the suitcase that contained Sandra 's body . But Huckaby said the suitcase had been stolen . Willett declined to comment on any of the evidence or allegations in the case , saying evidence would be presented in court . A memorial ceremony is scheduled for Sandra at 1 p.m. Thursday at a high school in Tracy , police said . -- CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Police comb community for other possible victims Melissa Huckaby was arrested and charged with killing and raping Sandra Cantu Sandra , 8 , was friends with Huckaby 's 5-year-old daughter
CNN  -- World War I began a hundred years ago this summer , but for many of us it might as well be a thousand . We know it , if we know it at all , as a dimly remembered chapter in high school history , or as scenes from old black-and-white movies of soldiers hunkered in trenches doing battle with Germans in pointy helmets . It was all too real for more than 65 million men from some 30 nations who were plunged into carnage the likes of which the world had never before seen . Every one of those soldiers is dead , and the causes they fought for are lost on many of us . Yet this "  war to end all wars " is not a remote event . In fact , World War I changed the world forever , and its effects are all around us . To begin with , it rewrote history at the grandest level : Empires fell , and new nations -- Austria , Hungary , Yugoslavia and Poland among them -- were born in the ashes . Leaders of the still-powerful French and British empires used the conflict to redraw borders in ways that set the stage for future conflicts that stretch on today , in the Middle East , for example . But there is much more . The first mass conflict among industrialized nations , World War I upended the way war was fought . The weapons it introduced -- submarines , machine guns , poison gas , grenades , tanks -- are all still part of our arsenals . And it was World War I that made airpower and strategic bombing central to the success of any future war . Trench warfare traumatized both soldiers and landscapes , and informed art and literature for years . It would reappear as a battlefield strategy in both the Korean War and in the Iran-Iraq War of the 1980s . At home and on the battlefield , World War I put new objects and words into circulation : "  cooties " are something no kid wants to get , but for GIs in the trenches , they were real and they were lice ; and sanitary napkins developed from the handy alternative use nurses found for cellulose bandage material produced for the war . The war popularized Kleenex and tea bags and zippers . In fact , every time you admire an aircraft carrier , eat a meatless sausage , sit under a sun lamp , wear a Burberry trench coat , or set your clock ahead for daylight saving time , you are reaching back to commune with World War I . The dawn of chemical weapons World War I 's new weapons caused previously unseen and horrific kinds of injuries , and scientists raced to develop protections against them -- or to make even more lethal versions to use against the enemy . Poison gas was first used on a mass scale by the Germans in April 1915 during the second battle of Ypres , and cloths strapped over the mouth and nose were at first the only protection . Gas masks evolved quickly , though , and by the end of the war even some horses and dogs at the front had their own . The horrors of gas attacks resonate today in the reports of chemical weapons use in Syria , and , earlier , in Saddam Hussein 's Iraq , and the world still struggles to contain them . All told , more than 9 million died in the conflict , and 21 million were wounded , psychologically scarring a generation . Soldiers were at pains to explain this new human experience of battle to those back home . The English poet Siegfried Sassoon had this to say in 1917 about his time at the front : "  I 'm back from hell/With loathsome thoughts to sell/Secrets of death to tell ; / And horrors from the abyss . " Many others had no more words : these victims of "  war exhaustion , "  the label of shell shock became more common  had trouble speaking : they are the forefathers of veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder today . Likewise the scale and type of physical injuries challenged the ingenuity of prosthesis designers , whose work to replace lost body parts would enable countless soldiers to return to productive civilian life , a process echoed today as soldiers from recent wars recover from the toll of roadside bombs . World War I also set the stage for future conflicts , by breaking down barriers between military and civilian life . While soldiers fought at the battlefront , civilian women and men built their weapons , distributed food and propaganda , and kept the home front running . Women gained new visibility in society , moving into the jobs vacated by enlisted men . They drove streetcars , smelted iron , built bombs and then , after a long day at the factory , scrounged for food for their families . Civilians working for the war effort meant that anyone could be a target : German Fokker planes attacked at the front , but Zeppelin airships bombed London and Paris . "  Total war " made the home front a dangerous place . This war left few things unchanged in its path , even in lands that saw no fighting . Although it was mainly fought in Europe , it awakened many to the scope and diversity of the planet . "  The entire world is participating in the war ! " a French almanac exclaimed in 1917 , showing its readers a map of the world divided into enemy , ally , and neutral peoples . Whether as laborers or soldiers , Europeans went to other countries , and millions of Americans , Africans and Asians came to Europe . ` Trapped in a net of woe ' More than two million United States soldiers fought in Europe , and the British and French empires brought over their colonial subjects . "  We perish in the desert ; you wash yourself and lie in bed , " wrote an Indian soldier to his wife in September 1915 . "  We are trapped in a net of woe ; while you go free . Our life is a living death . " How did Europe arrive at this state of catastrophe ? The assassination of Austrian-Hungarian Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife , Sophie , on June 28 , 1914 by the Bosnian Serb Gavrilo Princip caused an international crisis that led in just over a month to multiple mobilizations . The Archduke , traveling in an open car , was in Sarajevo to inspect imperial armed forces in Bosnia and Herzegovina , which were among the former Ottoman territories annexed by Austria-Hungary in 1908 , angering Serbian nationalists such as Princip . After the assassination , Austria-Hungary gave Serbia an ultimatum , causing Russia to intervene to protect its Serbian client state , and Germany to help its Austrian ally . And so it all began : the military obligations imposed by the system of alliances drew one power after another into combat . All parties thought the war would be a short one ; none imagined the speed with which the conflict would degenerate into a series of local atrocities  the Belgians became the conflict 's first group of refugees , as they fled German rape and plunder  and mass slaughter across many fronts . The habituation to violence and the acceptance of these lethal new inventions is one of World War I 's most unfortunate legacies . Chemical weapons provides a case in point . Their effectiveness , as proved by the precedent of World War I , has given them a permanent place in many state arsenals , despite the paper trail of international agreements meant to ban their use . Democracies and dictatorships  France and Italy  both used them in the interwar period as agents of colonial conquest and rule , and Syria is the most recent example of their use . As we approach this 100-year anniversary , each combatant country is remembering the war in its own way . In America , the echo has been fainter , due as much to the country 's late entry into the war  April 1917  as to the prominence of World War II . "  The First World War is not well understood or remembered in the United States , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said at a 2008 Veterans Day ceremony at which the last living American combatant , Frank Buckles , who died in 2011 , was present . "  Yet few events have so markedly shaped the world we live in . " At war 's end in 1918 , America emerged from its 18 months of combat with a raft of new legislation that is still in force -- such as the Selective Service Act , which still today allows the President to draft soldiers , and the Espionage Act , used recently to charge Chelsea Manning and Edward Snowden -- and with a new status as an international power . A century of debates over how and whether America should intervene in global crises would lie ahead .	Ruth Ben-Ghiat : 100 years ago this summer , World War I began . Its legacies still resonate She says its carnage was unprecedented ; it changed military , sparked innovations She says empires fell , borders shifted , new words emerged , and women 's roles changed Ben-Ghiat : Begun after an assassination , it would draw in 30 nations , upending the world
CNN  -- Animated television specials are among the most cherished holiday traditions of yuletide revelers young and old . Mention "  A Charlie Brown Christmas "  1965  , "  Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer "  1964  or "  Frosty the Snowman "  1969  and people light up like Charlie Brown 's tree  after the kids gave it a little love  , Rudolph 's nose , or the hot sun that melted poor Frosty . You can thank "  Mister Magoo 's Christmas Carol " -- the first animated Christmas special -- for that holiday gooeyness . It premiered 50 years ago this month . "  Mister Magoo 's Christmas Carol " originally aired on December 18 , 1962 , on NBC at 7:30 p.m. For the first time since 1967 , the special will air on a major network -- once again on NBC -- Saturday , December 22 at 8 p.m. ET . While the major networks have aired the aforementioned holiday staples , including "  Dr. Seuss ' How the Grinch Stole Christmas ! "  1966  every year since their airdates , "  Magoo " has n't aired outside of syndication for 44 years . Now that "  Mister Magoo 's Christmas Carol " has hit he half-century mark , this often overlooked , underappreciated , somewhat obscure Christmas special is experiencing a renaissance of sorts . CNN spoke to animator Darrell Van Citters , author of "  Mister Magoo 's Christmas Carol : The Making of the First Animated Christmas Special , " about how "  Magoo " paved the way for Christmas specials yet to come . "  Because this was such a huge success , " said Van Citters , "  it inspired other people to follow in its footsteps , especially ` Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer , ' which was the next one . " Van Citters could n't pinpoint why "  Mister Magoo 's Christmas Carol " fell by the wayside , but he did note that the character began to dwindle in the years following the Christmas special . Your Christmas traditions " ` How the Grinch Stole Christmas ' had a book attached to it , " said Van Citters , " ` Charlie Brown ' had all of those books , all of those specials . These were constantly in the forefront of peoples ' minds during the holidays . And ` Rudolph , ' well , who does n't know that song ? Between all of these other specials getting all of this promotion , and Mr. Magoo kind of fading , it really got lost for a long time . " As far as adaptations of Charles Dickens ' 1843 tale "  A Christmas Carol " go , many have tried , many have failed , and -- arguably -- a handful have succeeded . Most people would count "  Magoo " among the successful renditions . "  I think this is one of the stronger versions because it 's quite loyal to the original , " said Van Citters . "  They are reciting lines from the book , and on an emotional level I think it 's one of the strongest -- even over live-action -- because the songs really emphasize the emotional aspect of it . They know exactly where to go to tell their story . " That 's right -- "  Mister Magoo 's Christmas Carol ' is a musical as well as an animated special . "  To take a classic story like that , " said Van Citters , "  and then to mix in Mr. Magoo , and then make it a musical , it 's kind of a big leap . And he did n't just make it a musical ; he went after the best Broadway songwriters of the time . It 's one of the stronger , if not the strongest , musical interpretations of Dickens . " Composer July Styne and lyricist Bob Merrill , who were developing "  Funny Girl " at the time , wrote the songs for "  Mister Magoo 's Christmas Carol " while ensconced at the Beverly Hills Hotel in March and April of 1962 . The Styne-Merrill team created Broadway-caliber songs like "  Alone in the World " and "  Winter Was Warm , " which gave "  Mister Magoo 's Christmas Carol " an emotional quality which made it more theater than the cartoon it was . Cleverly presented as a play-within-a-play , the special features the character of Mister Magoo starring in a Broadway production of "  A Christmas Carol . " That little technique solved the producers ' dilemma regarding whether or not audiences would buy Quincy Magoo as Ebenezer Scrooge . "  Mister Magoo had kind of changed over the years , " explained Van Citters . "  He had started out as this crotchety old man and over the years he had become softer . -LSB- Producers -RSB- thought it would be kind of weird to put this character in a role with no explanation . Nowadays people do it routinely and you do n't think twice about it , but at the time it was a big leap . Originally , Mr. Magoo was going to be in a small community theater production , but as the songs got bigger , they decided to make it a Broadway production with him as a well-known actor . " Although "  Mister Magoo 's Christmas Carol " was released on Blu-Ray/DVD as a special anniversary edition , Van Citters is the first to admit that the animation is n't what resonates with longtime fans of the special . "  The animation fills the bill , but there is n't anything in the way of nice motion or defining the characters through the way they move , " said Van Citters . "  It 's all about simply hitting their marks to tell the story . It 's a little rough around the edges , but it works , too . The songs are so good that you overlook stuff like that . " Van Citters pointed out that the important thing is that the special "  has a lot of heart . " In fact , the instant the special ended on the night it premiered , producer Lee Orgel 's phone rang . Walt Disney had phoned to tell Orgel how wonderful it was . Van Citters wrote about the conversation in his book . "  Let me tell you something , Lee , " Disney told Orgel . "  Not only is this generation going to watch it , but your children , your children 's children and your children 's children 's children will watch this show . That 's how good it is . " Walt Disney 's stamp of approval was the ultimate gold star . "  Here 's this guy that practically invented animation as we know it , " Van Citters told CNN , "  who takes the time out of his day to watch it and call this guy up and tell him how much he liked it . " Much to the dismay of fans , a "  Mister Magoo 's Christmas Carol " soundtrack has never been released . Plans for a storybook record were scrapped , and the audio master tapes are long gone . Van Citters said there 's a chance they 've simply been mislabeled and are somewhere in the vaults . "  We 're still looking for them and hopefully one day there will be a CD release , " he said . Van Citters also explained that the cast and crew had no idea that "  Magoo " was destined to become a classic . "  Everyone who worked on this simply thought they were doing a special for that year , " he said . "  Nobody thought it was going to last as long as it did . Everyone was surprised it did as well as it did . They were so happy with it they aired it for the next five years and it was still getting good ratings . The second year it got better ratings than the first . " The Baby Boomer fans of "  Mister Magoo 's Christmas Carol " remain dedicated to keeping their beloved special 's memory alive . At a December 2009 screening at The Paley Center For Media in New York City , many of those in attendance sang along and called out lines similar to midnight screenings of "  The Rocky Horror Picture Show . "  But with far fewer fishnets , one would imagine . "  The fans are very dedicated , " said Van Citters . "  Those who remember it remember it very well and are very passionate about it . So it 's exciting that NBC is putting it back on and it will be exposed to a whole new generation of viewers . " That whole new generation of viewers may never grasp the concept of a television event . "  It 's funny , is n't it , that TV specials have kind of disappeared , " said Van Citters . "  At one time a special was special . There used to be just three networks and when someone did something unique , everyone knew about it and they set aside time to watch it . But now we have access to everything at any time of the day , at any place in the world , and you can watch it on a postage stamp or a screen almost as big as a movie theater screen . " But back in the 1960s of course , Van Citters pointed out , if you missed your favorite Christmas special you were forced to wait for the next airing . "  You only had that one chance , and then 52 weeks later you could see it again . "	First animated Christmas special , "  Mister Magoo 's Christmas Carol , " is 50 "  Magoo " paved the way for "  Charlie Brown , " "  Grinch , " "  Frosty , " "  Rudolph " Though it has fallen into relative obscurity , the fan base remains solid "  Mr. Magoo 's Christmas Carol " will air tonight for the first time since 1967
CNN  -- British-based mining giant Rio Tinto announced plans to cut 14,000 jobs on Wednesday , just weeks after a planned buyout by rival BHP Billiton collapsed . Rio Tinto has nearly $ 39 billion in corporate debt . Rio Tinto made the announcement as part of a plan to cut its nearly $ 39 billion in corporate debt by an estimated $ 10 billion by the end of 2009 . The company issued a gloomy forecast in October . "  Since that time , demand conditions have worsened further , and as a result the group 's priorities have reoriented around conserving cash flow and reducing near-term borrowings , " it said in a statement announcing the cuts . The layoffs would include 5,500 direct employees and 8,500 contract jobs , the elimination of which would save about $ 1.2 billion a year , the company said . The layoffs would cost $ 400 million in severance packages , however . BHP withdrew from its planned buyout in late November , citing a high level of debt the combined company would be required to service in "  difficult " economic conditions and concerns about whether it would be able to sell off units Rio Tinto already had targeted for divestment . Rio Tinto said it would consider selling off other elements of the company in an effort to raise more cash , but disclosed no details .	Rio Tinto announces cuts , citing worsening demand conditions BHP withdrew from planned buyout last month Layoffs would save $ 1.2 billion a year but cost $ 400 million in severance packages
Shanghai  CNN  -- With its expansive steel skin , tall parasol-shaped concrete pillars , and huge vestigial coal hoppers , the 33,000-square-meter Long Museum West Bund makes a grand impression in a former industrial site beside Shanghai 's Huangpu River . Launched at the end of March , the museum is the second and the largest private institution established by prominent Chinese art collectors Wang Wei and her husband Liu Yiqian . It has the potential to become Shanghai 's equivalent of a Guggenheim or a Whitney . Yet as significant as it may someday be , the Long Museum is a mere spark in the explosion of China 's ongoing museum boom . In 2010 , the National People 's Congress outlined a five-year plan that , among other things , aimed to see China 's high-speed railway network reach 45,000 km and its number of museums increase to 3,500 nationwide . The idea that culture can be laid like train tracks may be moot , but there 's no question that this cultural infrastructure is being rapidly developed . By the end of 2013 , two years before deadline , China already exceeded its goal , tallying a total of 4,000 museums . "  Museumification " Museum experts observe that China 's strategy is focused on building new museums , while the problem of setting up quality exhibition programs and finding an audience is dealt with later . For the first phase of that strategy , the country is still in its early stages . "  China plans to elevate the per-capita number of museums to equal international levels . The short-term goal is to have one museum per 250,000 people , " says Jeffrey Johnson , director of Columbia University 's China Megacities Lab . Johnson calls this aggressive proliferation of institutions the "  museumification " of China . It is an aggressive plan to fast-forward the development of the cultural sphere . The UK counted 3.12 museums per 100,000 people in 2011 , but this number took more than a century to achieve . One reason China is exceeding its museum building goals is that , in addition to state-run institutions , many new museums are being built to service corporate and private interests . Property giants Times Property , Rockbund , and OCT have all built art museums to garner interest in their real estate developments . Shanghai 's Tobacco Museum provides propaganda in favor of smoking , while the Museum of Glass , widely celebrated for its design , was built so the owners could develop the land while satisfying a legal requirement that they continue to use the land in an industry-related way . Nationwide craze China 's new museums are n't all concentrated on the country 's prosperous east coast . "  The good quality museums are pretty well spread out , even in remote places , " says Clare Jacobson , author of New Museums in China . "  If you have an archaeological site in nowhere northern China you 're going to build a museum on top of it to protect that site . " "  Ordos  Inner Mongolia  , where they 're trying to set up a new town , actually has two museums that are used as focal points in the urban planning of that city , much like a church or town hall would be used in the West . " From an architectural perspective , Jacobson is enthusiastic about the quality of many of China 's new museums . She cites the Museum of Handcraft Paper -- "  a beautiful little project right on the Burmese border " -- as particularly impressive , as well as the Norman Foster-designed Datong Art Museum in Shanxi Province . "  Datong is not completely third-tier or anything but it 's not Beijing or Shanghai , so for Foster to be building a huge museum there , for me , is something , " says Jacobsen . Money matters Monumental government institutions , such as the China Art Palace , occupy some of the country 's most impressive buildings , but successful museums provide more than just awesome architecture . Jacobson cites private art museums such as the Rockbund in Shanghai and the Times Museum in Guangzhou as institutions that have not only interesting architecture but also quality exhibitions and strong events programs . Viewed holistically , Jacobson says , "  a lot of the successes are private museums rather than the state-run museums . " Li Xu , the Deputy Director of the state-run Power Station of Art  PSA  museum , says : "  The government is still in the process of developing a system for supporting established museums . " Li helps to run the 41,000-square-meter mega museum , often likened to another converted power station , the Tate Modern in London . It has no collection of its own , an annual budget of just RMB 20 million , and fewer than 10 staff to arrange exhibitions . "  Compared to public museum budgets in developed Western countries , our exhibition budget is very low , " Li says . The Tate 's total income for 2012-2013 was nearly  # 158 million . That kind of big budget is able to draw in big crowds , such as the 4.8 million visitors in 2013 . In Shanghai , the PSA received 380,000 visitors in that same year , a modest number for a city as large as Shanghai . While the PSA is a young institution , having only opened in 2012 . The activity of museum going itself remains relatively new in China , and these factors only emphasize the need for bigger budgets , better exhibition design and more effective outreach programs to build and educate a new audience . "  I think necessarily in the development of China the ` hardware ' comes before the ` software , ' " says Jacobson . "  It just does . There are models of that in industry and in housing . " She believes that museums here are often vanity projects , generating spectacular architecture but vast quantities of underutilized space . For the moment , she thinks China lacks enough experienced curators , researchers and museum directors , but that this is changing . "  There continue to be more university-level programs established in China offering museum and curatorial studies , and more and more Chinese students  are traveling  abroad for education in internationally established programs , " says Jacobson . Architectural legacy The danger of building a vast infrastructure network of any kind in anticipation of demand is that the demand does n't always arrive . There 's been notable unevenness in many areas of China 's growth , with forests of apartment blocks and entire speculative cities lying empty . With many new museums devoid of visitors , the same could happen in the cultural sphere . The China Megacities Lab research project is watching to see how museums in China might evolve . "  Are there new roles $ " socially , culturally , politically $ " that the museum is playing ? What new architectural forms and spatial organizations are being invented to accommodate these new ambitions ? " Johnson asks . And if museums in China do evolve into wholly different forms , what will happen to the buildings being built ? Clare Jacobson says the new architecture is worthwhile , regardless of the ` museum ' label . "  Actually you do need a few places of beauty within this vast array of residential towers and boring office buildings . And I think the quality of a lot of these museums is just stunning , from both international architects and local architects . I think those buildings will remain -- whether they 're used as museums or not is a different question . The buildings themselves will be important for a long time . "	China counts 4,000 museums at the end of 2013 , meeting its five-year goal two years early New museums promote culture but are also used for corporate branding and for anchoring China 's new cities What will become of these architectural wonders if the museums fail to attract visitors ?
CNN  -- The president of Yale University announced new steps Friday in the wake of a federal sexual harassment probe at the school , including creating an external committee of former graduates and facilitating informal chats between administrators and students . The school is accused of providing an insufficient process for addressing the federal gender-equity law , Title IX , which may have resulted in "  the denial of equal opportunity to education for numerous university students , " U.S. Department of Education spokesman Jim Bradshaw has said . In an email Friday , Yale President Richard Levin said administrators and others at the New Haven , Connecticut , university will cooperate with the federal education department 's Office of Civil Rights . The university will take other immediate measures distinct from that investigation , the email said . They include the creation of an advisory committee , which has been charged with offering advice on how sexual harassment , violence or misconduct may be more effectively combated at Yale , " Levin said . "  The committee will spend time listening to members of our community about the situation as they live it and will make its own assessments , " the president wrote , saying the group 's recommendations will be submitted to him next fall and eventually will be made public . The group will be chaired by Margaret Marshall , the former chief justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Court . Other members , including former U.S. Solicitor General Seth Waxman , the University of Chicago 's Dean of Students Kimberly Goff-Crews and Elizabeth Smiley , a San Francisco consultant . All were appointed by Levin , and all are Yale graduates . This move comes a week after University Provost Peter Salovey announced that an internal committee -- consisting of student , faculty and administrative members -- would meet to build "  upon the existing processes of the college and each of the schools , " and will address "  allegations of sexual harassment and sexual misconduct of every kind . " That committee is to start up on July 1 . "  We believe that this streamlining will make it simpler for students and faculty to initiate and pursue any complaint , " Salovey said in an email sent to Yale faculty and students . Federal investigators are looking into a complaint that claims university policies allowed a "  sexually hostile environment " to exist on campus , Salovey has said . The complaint blames Yale for failing to adequately respond to alleged incidents of harassment , according to Bradshaw . The federal investigation follows a controversial YouTube video released in October that apparently showed new recruits of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity repeating chants encouraging rape as they marched through campus . The board of directors of Delta Kappa Epsilon issued a statement saying the international fraternity strongly condemns the actions of the Yale chapter and acknowledges that the sentiments expressed were offensive . The complaint also follows reports of a party in which undergraduate students were allegedly asked to strip naked . While Levin did not address any specific incident in his message , he did detail other actions -- in addition to setting up the second committee -- being taken before the school year ends in the coming weeks . That includes top administrators , including Salovey and several deans , engaging students in the school 's dining halls for "  a conversation about the campus climate and our policies governing sexual misconduct . " Levin said these informal meetings are taking place at his request , facilitated by members of the school 's Women 's Center . "  The deepest values of our institution compel us to take very seriously the issues raised by the complaint , " Levin said .	Yale 's president taps elite graduates to look at the school 's sexual harassment policies Top school administrators are also meeting with students Authorities are probing a possible "  sexually hostile environment , " the provost says
CNN  -- An Indiana man allegedly blackmailed teenaged boys into being his camera "  slaves " by threatening to post their videos on gay porn websites , a criminal complaint said . Richard Leon Finkbiner , 39 , admitted during an interrogation to victimizing at least 100 people , mostly boys 14 to 16 years old , an FBI agent said in a sworn affidavit made public Monday . "  You want to play this game , or you want to be a gay porn star ? " Finkbiner allegedly told one victim when he demanded that he perform sex acts during a video Skype call , the federal complaint said . Finkbiner , arrested at his Brazil , Indiana , home last Friday , is charged with sexual exploitation of children involving two 14-year-old victims identified in Michigan and Maryland , court documents said . It could take months to identify many of the victims seen in thousands of video files found on Finkbiner 's computer and other digital devices , said Timothy Horty , a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Indianapolis . "  These victims go into chat rooms , develop a relationship and conversation with someone , " Horty said . Finkbiner would then capture uncoerced video of the boys , who probably did not know they were talking to a 39-year-old man , he said . Finkbiner would then e-mail them a link to their own video with the threat to publish it on gay porn sites if they did not agree to become his "  cam slave . " "  I 'll add your name and email so if anyone googles u they will see ur video , " Finkbiner allegedly wrote to a Michigan teen in February . That teen complied , but after a second instance he "  broke down " from stress , FBI Special Agent Ryan Barrett said . The boy "  became emotional and hysterical , and disclosed to his brother what was happening , " Barrett said . The brother told their parents , who then contacted the Oakland County , Michigan , Sheriff 's Department , he said . An investigator tracked the e-mail address and Skype account to Finkbiner in Indiana , the agent said . An investigator in Prince George 's County , Maryland , was also on Finkbiner 's trail for a November exchange involving a 14-year-old boy , the complaint said . When shown a photo of the Maryland teen during an interrogation , Finkbiner could not recall the boy specifically because he had "  coerced the production of video and images of so many people engaged in sexually explicit conduct that he could not readily recognize every individual , " the agent said . A search of his e-mail revealed instances in which one boy begged Finkbiner to leave him alone : "  I 'm only a kid and this is against the law so please stop doing this I beg you , " the boy wrote . "  I wont get caught im a hacker I covered my tracks , " Finkbiner allegedly replied . If convicted on the initial charges , Finkbiner faces a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison . He is scheduled to appear before a federal judge in Terre Haute , Indiana , on Wednesday . "  Our advice is never friend an individual that you do n't know personally , " Horty said . "  Parents have to know who their children are communicating with on the Internet . "	The suspect admitted to victimizing at least 100 people , mostly teens , FBI says Richard Finkbiner , 39 , allegedly threatened to post teens ' videos on gay porn sites "  You want to play this game or you want to be a gay porn star ? " he allegedly told teens It could take months to identify the victims , a prosecutor 's spokesman says
ANCHORAGE , Alaska  CNN  -- Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's hometown required women to pay for their own rape examinations while she was mayor , a practice her police chief fought to keep as late as 2000 . A former Alaskan lawmaker says it seems unlikely that Gov. Sarah Palin was unaware of Wasilla 's policy . Former state Rep. Eric Croft , a Democrat , sponsored a state law requiring cities to provide the examinations free of charge to victims . He said the only ongoing resistance he met was from Wasilla , where Palin was mayor from 1996 to 2002 . "  It was one of those things everyone could agree on except Wasilla , " Croft told CNN . "  We could n't convince the chief of police to stop charging them . " Alaska 's Legislature in 2000 banned the practice of charging women for rape exam kits -- which experts said could cost up to $ 1,000 . Palin , the Republican nominee for vice president , often talks about her experience running Wasilla , population approximately 7,000 , and that has prompted close scrutiny of her record there . Wasilla 's practice of charging victims for their rape exams while she was mayor has gotten wide circulation on the Internet and in the mainstream media . Watch CNN 's Jessica Yellin check the facts in Wasilla " Some supporters of Palin say they believe she had no knowledge of the practice . But critics call it "  outrageous " and question Palin 's commitment to helping women who are the victims of violence . For years , Alaska has had the worst record of any state in rape and in murder of women by men . The rape rate in Alaska is 2.5 times the national average . Interviews and a review of records turned up no evidence that Palin knew that rape victims were being charged in her town . But Croft , the former state representative who sponsored the law changing the practice , says it seems unlikely Palin was not aware of the issue . "  I find it hard to believe that for six months a small town , a police chief , would lead the fight against a statewide piece of legislation receiving unanimous support and the mayor not know about it , " Croft said . During the time Palin was mayor of Wasilla , her city was not the only one in Alaska charging rape victims . Experts testified before the Legislature that in a handful of small cities across Alaska , law enforcement agencies were charging victims or their insurance "  more than sporadically . " One woman who wrote in support of the legislation says she was charged for her rape exam by a police department in the city of Juneau , which is hundreds of miles from Wasilla . But Wasilla stood out . Tara Henry , a forensic nurse who has been treating rape victims across Alaska for the last 12 years , told CNN that opposition to Croft 's bill from Wasilla Police Chief Charlie Fannon was memorable . "  Several municipal law enforcement agencies in the state did have trouble budgeting and paying for the evidence collection for sexual assault victims , " Henry said . "  What I recall is that the chief of police in the Wasilla police department seemed to be the most vocal about how it was going to affect their budget . " Croft has a similar memory . He said victims ' advocates suggested he introduce legislation as a way to shame cities into changing their practice , and Wasilla resisted . "  I remember they had continued opposition , " Croft said . "  It was eight years ago now , but they were sort of unrepentant that they thought the taxpayers should n't have to pay for that . " He does not recall discussing the issue with then-Mayor Palin . The bill , HB270 , was before the legislature for six months . In testimony , one expert called the practice of billing the victim "  incomprehensible . " Others compared it to "  dust -LSB- ing -RSB- for fingerprints " after a burglary , only "  the victim 's body is the crime scene . " During a rape exam , the victim removes her clothing and a medical professional gathers DNA evidence from her body . There is also a medical component to assess her injuries . That component has led some law enforcement agencies to balk at paying . Henry , the forensic nurse , said charging victims "  retraumatizes them . " "  Asking them to pay for something law enforcement needs in order to investigate their case , it 's almost like blaming them for getting sexually assaulted , " she said . The Alaska Legislature agreed . The bill passed unanimously with the support of the Alaska Department of Public Safety , the Alaska Peace Officers Association and more than two dozen co-sponsors . After it became law , Wasilla 's police chief told the local paper , The Frontiersman , that it would cost the city $ 5,000 to $ 14,000 a year -- money that he 'd have to find . "  In the past , we 've charged the cost of the exams to the victim 's insurance company when possible , " Fannon was quoted as saying . "  I just do n't want to see any more burden on the taxpayer . " He suggested the criminals should pay as restitution if and when they 're convicted . Repeated attempts to reach Fannon for comment were unsuccessful . Judy Patrick , who was Palin 's deputy mayor and friend , blames the state . "  The bigger picture of what was going on at the time was that the state was trying to cut their own budget , and one of the things that they were doing was passing on costs to cities , and that was one of the many things that they were passing on , the cost to the city , " said Patrick , who recalls enormous pressure to keep the city 's budget down . But the state was never responsible for paying the costs of local investigations . Patrick was also a member of Wasilla City Council , and she does n't recall the issue coming before council members , nor does she remember discussing the issue with Palin . She does recall Palin going through the budget in detail . She said Palin would review each department 's budget line by line and send it back to department heads with her changes . "  Sarah is a fiscal conservative , and so she had seen that the city was heading in a direction of bigger projects , costing taxpayers more money , and she was determined to change that , " Patrick said . Before Palin came to City Hall , the Wasilla Police Department paid for rape kits out of a fund for miscellaneous costs , according to the police chief who preceded Fannon and was fired by Palin . That budget line was cut by more than half during Palin 's tenure , but it did not specifically mention rape exams . In a statement , Jill Hazelbaker , communications director for Sen. John McCain 's presidential campaign , said that "  to imply that Gov. Palin is or has ever been an advocate of charging victims for evidence gathering kits is an utter distortion of reality . " "  As her record shows , Gov. Palin is committed to supporting victims and bringing violent criminals to justice , " Hazelbaker said . "  She does not , nor has she ever believed that rape victims should have to pay for an evidence gathering test . " Those who fought the policy are unconvinced . "  It 's incomprehensible to me that this could be a rogue police chief and not a policy decision . It lasted too long and it was too high-profile , " Croft said . The rape kit charges have become an issue among Palin critics who say as governor she has not done enough to combat Alaska 's epidemic problem of violence against women . They point to a small funding increase for domestic violence shelters at a time when Alaska has a multibillion-dollar budget surplus . Victims ' advocates say that services are lacking and that Palin cut funding for a number of programs that treat female victims of violence . In the past week , Alaska 's challenges with sexual assault have been in the spotlight again -- in connection with an ongoing inquiry into whether Palin abused her power by firing the head of Alaska 's Department of Public Safety . Palin 's office released e-mails showing that one area of disagreement between her and Department of Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan was his lobbying in Washington for $ 30 million to fund a new program of sexual assault response teams . The McCain-Palin campaign insists that fighting domestic violence and sexual assault are priorities for Palin . And they say she has been looking at other programs to support . As governor , Palin approved a funding increase for domestic violence shelters -- $ 266,200 over two years . And she reauthorized a Council on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault .	While Sarah Palin was mayor , Wasilla charged victims for their rape exams Interviews , review of records show no evidence Palin knew victims were charged Former state representative says it seems unlikely Palin was not aware of issue
CNN  -- East Haven , Connecticut , Police Chief Leonard Gallo will retire after the arrests of four police officers for their alleged role in the mistreatment of Latinos , Mayor Joseph Maturo said Monday . The arrests stemmed from a federal investigation into profiling in the city , with some critics suggesting that Gallo fostered or at least overlooked a culture of ethnic prejudice within his department . The chief 's lawyer acknowledged Monday that his client faces a federal lawsuit and could himself be charged , though he said Gallo is innocent , having never profiled or targeted Latinos . Gallo 's retirement is effective February 3 , Maturo said , adding that a search for East Haven 's next police chief will begin immediately . "  While Chief Gallo 's departure comes at a difficult time , it provides a unique opportunity for the department to move forward with new leadership , an opportunity for the town to move forward with the healing that is necessary given recent events , and most importantly , an opportunity for the entire East Haven community to move forward as a unified group to embrace the changes that will follow , " the mayor said . Maturo himself got caught up in the controversy when he said last week -- after being asked what he 'd do for the Latino community in light of the officers ' arrests -- that "  I might have tacos when I get home , I 'm not quite sure yet . " Some criticized this remark as insensitive and derogatory , and about 500 tacos were delivered to Maturo 's office after a Latino activist group launched a text-for-tacos campaign to draw attention to the comment . The mayor has twice apologized since then , saying his words were largely a product of stress . On Monday , Maturo was largely complimentary of East Haven 's outgoing police chief , describing him as "  a devoted public servant who performed admirably in both his personal and professional life . His decision to retire at this time is a selfless act , designed to assist in the healing process . " The police chief 's attorney , Jonathan Einhorn , said the 65-year-old Gallo had been considering retirement for a while and himself made the decision to step down . This move was not an admission of wrongdoing , and should not be viewed as such , the lawyer said . Einhorn told reporters at a Monday news conference that Gallo decided to retire now in order "  not to be a distracting element in East Haven 's effort to rehabilitate its image , both upon its citizens and the general public . " Gallo did not attend the news conference . East Haven police Sgt. John Miller and officers David Cari , Dennis Spaulding and Jason Zullo were arrested last week . According to a federal indictment , the four allegedly conspired to "  injure , oppress , threaten and intimidate various members of the East Haven community " -- profiling Latino residents during traffic stops , performing illegal searches and harassing Latino business owners and their advocates . The men allegedly threatened and assaulted detainees , made false arrests -- including a local clergy member -- and later conspired to cover up evidence of their conduct by falsifying reports and blocking an investigation , prosecutors said . "  They behaved like bullies with badges , " said Janice Fedarcyk , assistant FBI director in New York . Gallo is named as a co-conspirator in the case , his attorney told reporters Monday , and the chief is facing a federal civil lawsuit as well . Einhorn said he did not know if federal authorities will arrest Gallo , but acknowledged his client could face criminal charges . "  He is not guilty of any wrongdoing in either the civil action or potentially in any criminal action , " Einhorn said . "  He should not be arrested , and if arrested he will be acquitted of any charges . " "  Chief Gallo has never engaged in , participated in or condoned racial profiling of any nature whatsoever , " the lawyer added . Community leaders applauded Gallo 's retirement on Monday . "  Gallo cultivated a racist and dishonest police force , " said the Rev. James Manship of St. Rose of Lima Church , a plaintiff in the civil suit . The state 's attorney should review the convictions of those arrested by the four officers "  and seek to vacate those tainted by racial bias or other unconstitutional conduct . " Angel Fernandez-Chavero , a leader of St. Rose 's pastoral council , added , "  Gallo 's position at the top of the East Haven Police Department signaled to the brave victims who risked everything to testify and to the Latino community that their dignity was not respected . " The police chief was placed on administrative leave by former Mayor April Capone Almon in March 2010 in response to the U.S. Justice Department investigation , according to the Worker and Immigrant Rights Advocacy Clinic at Yale Law School . That organization represents the plaintiffs in the civil suit against the department . Mauro reinstated Gallo as chief in November , the clinic said . In a letter to Maturo , Assistant U.S. Attorney General Thomas Perez said the alleged discrimination was "  deeply rooted in the  police  department 's culture , " citing statistical analysis that Latinos had been "  intentionally targeted " for traffic stops . On one occasion in January 2009 , Spaulding and Zullo allegedly assaulted two people they had arrested under false pretenses , slamming their heads against the walls of the police station 's cell block , authorities said . In another incident , Miller allegedly struck a detainee who was handcuffed after being propped up by two other patrol officers . The men also thwarted a police commission inquiry into their alleged misconduct , authorities said , calling on the support of local union leaders to block and intimidate municipal investigators .	Chief Leonard Gallo 's attorney says his retirement is not an admission of wrongdoing Four East Haven officers were arrested last week as part of a federal investigation A Latino community member says Gallo cultivated a "  racist and dishonest police force " East Haven 's mayor recently apologized for remarks on Latinos some called insensitive
Bastrop , Texas  CNN  -- An elite search team joined local officials Wednesday in Bastrop County , Texas , to help look for people who may be trapped in a huge wildfire that has destroyed hundreds of homes . The cause of the Bastrop County fire , one of many burning in Texas , remains under investigation . County Judge Ronnie McDonald said during an afternoon news conference Wednesday that 576 homes had been destroyed in the county and "  that number will increase . " In Leander , Texas , about 60 miles northwest of Bastrop , authorities said a smaller fire this week was believed to be the result of arson . Investigators were searching for four teen suspects -- two boys and two girls , all believed to be 15 to 16 years old -- who were spotted running from the wooded area prior to and during the fire on Monday , the Leander Police Department said . That fire destroyed 11 homes in the Mason Creek North subdivision . Authorities estimate the damage at $ 1.4 million , said Connie Watson , spokeswoman for Williamson County . For nearly 300 days , wildfires have been taking a toll on drought-stricken Texas , scorching communities and creating dangerous conditions . A new wildfire broke out in the western part of Camp Bullis , north of San Antonio , Wednesday afternoon , but authorities say it is already half-contained . At least 125 acres have been burned in the area and 100 homes within a quarter-mile radius have been evacuated , according to Bexar County Fire Marshall Public Information Officer Laura Jesse . Officials have called in air support to drop water and fire retardant and there is a strike team ahead of the blaze creating fire breaks , Jesse said . An air quality alert was in place Wednesday for San Antonio , Austin , Victoria , Houston and Galveston , said CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen . While winds were relatively calm , humidity was low , expected to be in the "  very dry 10 % to 20 % range this afternoon , " said HLN meteorologist Bob Van Dillen . "  That 's the real danger today . " Of biggest concern is the Bastrop County Complex fire , which has killed at least two people . It was 30 % contained Wednesday . Authorities were hoping to having the blaze contained by the end of the day Wednesday , said Mike Fischer , the county 's emergency management coordinator . "  We can say we 're comfortable the fire wo n't get any larger , " he said . The fire , near Austin , began Sunday and has spread across 33,000 acres , forcing the evacuations of at least 5,000 people , officials said . "  Last night was the first night we 've had  since the blaze started  with no structures destroyed , " McDonald said at the afternoon news conference . He identified one of the Bastrop County victims as 48-year-old Michael Troy Farr , a worker in the city of Austin 's electrical department . Farr 's body was found at his residence , McDonald said . The identity of the second victim was not released . Authorities called on residents to take evacuation orders seriously . "  I can not emphasize enough to Texans in the impacted areas the importance of heeding all warnings from local officials , especially evacuation orders , as these fires are mean , swift and highly dangerous , " Gov. Rick Perry said . The 600-member Texas Task Force 1 will assist local officials and first responders , Perry said . A leadership team from the task force arrived Tuesday . "  Based on the needs of local officials , a wide area search team consisting of approximately 100 members and nearly one dozen search canines will be in Bastrop Wednesday morning to work with the local incident management team and assist with search operations , " Perry 's office said in a statement . The announcement did not say that anyone was missing , but said Perry made the decision to send in the team after being "  briefed on the potential loss of life . " A White House statement Wednesday said Perry got a call from President Barack Obama to "  express his concern for citizens of Texas impacted by the unprecedented fires . " The president assured the governor "  that requests for additional assistance , including as recovery begins , would be quickly assessed , " the statement said . At the local convention center in Bastrop , evacuees were stopping by to pick up supplies and water . "  It 's shocking , mostly , not knowing what the end result is going to be , " Bill Ludwig said . Linda Arebalos said that while her house can be replaced , "  all the memories is what really hurts , hits the heart . " She said she thought about the baby pictures , the things her children made in elementary school , "  the things I put up to save to give to their kids . And it 's gone . It hurts . " Jerry Hooten found little more than ashes when he returned to his home and the burned-out shells of cars he had to leave behind . "  We ai n't happy about it , but we 're all alive , " said Hooten , who is staying at an RV park outside the danger zone . "  I do n't think it 's registered in our brains that our house is gone and that , really , half of Bastrop is gone , " said evacuee Claire Johnson . The two people killed by the blaze were not public safety personnel , according to incident command officials , who declined to offer details . The deaths raise the overall toll from the outbreak of fires to four lives lost . A wildfire killed a woman and her 18-month-old child Sunday when flames engulfed their home near Gladewater , officials said . The Union Chapel fire , 18 miles from the Bastrop fire , appeared to be under control Wednesday , Fischer said . The danger from a fire near Houston -- called the Magnolia fire -- appeared to be lessening for the most populated areas . Officials in Harris County , which includes Houston , said the fire was no longer a threat there . Also , many residents were allowed back into their homes Tuesday in neighboring Montgomery County . About 4,000 homes in Montgomery had been evacuated , according to Lt. Dan Norris of the county 's emergency management office . Firefighters continued to battle hot spots in Montgomery , but the bulk of the problems from the Magnolia fire appeared to be centered in Waller and Grimes counties , Norris said . So far in 2011 , 7.2 million acres of grass , scrub and forest have burned in wildfires nationwide . Of those , some 3.5 million acres -- nearly half -- have been in Texas , according to Inciweb , a fire-tracking website maintained by state and federal agencies . More than 2,000 firefighters are working fires across the state , said Tom Boggus , director of the Texas Forest Service . The drought in Texas has cost the state an estimated $ 5 billion this year in loss of crops and livestock , said CNN meteorologist Chad Myers . "  Now fires are adding to that number . " CNN 's Nicole Saidi , Jim Spellman , Josh Levs and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : New wildfire at Camp Bullis near San Antionio is half-contained NEW : President Obama places call to Gov. Rick Perry Official : 576 homes have been destroyed by Bastrop fire ; "  that number will increase " Leander , Texas , police seek 4 teen arson suspects
An arrest has been made in connection with possibly contaminated letters sent to President Barack Obama and Sen. Roger Wicker , the Department of Justice said Wednesday . Paul Kevin Curtis was arrested by the FBI at his home in Corinth , Mississippi , the department said in a statement . Discovered Tuesday , the letters were addressed to Wicker , a Mississippi Republican , and to Obama . The justice department release said a third letter was sent to a Mississippi justice official . The letters to Wicker and Obama were stopped at a government mail-screening facility after initial tests indicated the presence of the deadly poison ricin . Because initial tests can be "  inconsistent , " the envelopes have been sent off for additional tests , an FBI statement said . The FBI does not expect to receive results from the tests until Thursday , federal law enforcement sources told CNN . The letters read : "  To see a wrong and not expose it , is to become a silent partner to its continuance . " They were signed "  I am KC and I approve this message , " a source said . Reports of suspicious packages and envelopes also came into two Senate office buildings late Wednesday morning . Capitol Police evacuated the first floor of the Hart Senate Office Building for more than an hour and questioned a man in the area who had a backpack containing sealed envelopes , but the man was not taken into custody . "  It just reminds you that with public service comes the real possibility that you could be a target , " said Sen. Pat Roberts , R-Kansas . "  But on the other side of it , we have an excellent police force , and I think they 'll get to the bottom of it . " What is ricin ? Beyond Washington , suspicious letters spotted Sadie Holland , a judge in Lee County , Mississippi , told CNN Wednesday night that she received an envelope with a suspicious substance and a letter similar to the ones sent to the offices of Obama and Wicker . Last Wednesday , the judge received and opened a typewritten letter -- postmarked from Memphis , without a return address -- that included "  suspicious content , " Lee County Sheriff Jim Johnson told reporters . The letter had "  great consistencies and similarities " to the letters sent to Obama and Wicker , he said . Investigators were testing the contents of the letter to determine whether ricin was inside , he said . Holland told CNN the letter originally tested negative for ricin but was being retested Wednesday . Local authorities were awaiting the test results to determine whether to file state charges , Johnson said . "  The letter was handled , the chemical was handled by several different individuals in our justice court system , " Johnson said , but added that "  we do not have any reason to believe that anyone 's life is in danger . " Investigators are trying to determine whether suspicious letters found at Senate offices elsewhere in the country came from the same source , federal law enforcement sources said . Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , said one of his home-state offices received a "  suspicious-looking " letter and alerted authorities . "  We do not know yet if the mail presented a threat , " said Levin , the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee . A staffer for Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake flagged "  suspicious letters " at the freshman Republican 's Phoenix office , Flake spokeswoman Genevieve Rozansky said in a statement , but "  no dangerous material was detected in the letters . " Phoenix Fire Department spokesman Jonathan Jacobs said the envelope contained some type of powder . The person who initially found the envelope is being treated at a Phoenix-area hospital for a pre-existing condition and stress from the event , and others in the immediate vicinity were examined as well . In a statement issued Wednesday , the FBI said it has no indication of a connection between the tainted letters and Monday 's bombings at the finish line of the Boston Marathon . But the discoveries further heightened security concerns at a time when Congress is considering politically volatile legislation to toughen gun laws and reform the immigration system . White House spokesman Jay Carney said the president had been briefed on the letters . "  Obviously , he understands and we all understand that there are procedures in place , as the FBI has said . There are -- there is is a process in place that ensures that materials that are suspicious or substances that are found to be suspicious at remote locations are then sent for secondary and more intense testing , and that process is under way now , " Carney said . A Texas chiropractor 's words in the spotlight While authorities in Washington investigated the letters , the wife of a Texas chiropractor said the wording in them caught her by surprise . The phrase used in the letters is something chiropractor John Raymond Baker once said and has been widely quoted online , his wife , Tammy Bennett Baker , told CNN . On Wednesday , she sounded surprised when told by CNN that the wording was included in the letters under scrutiny in Washington . She said she was not aware of the letters and that the phrase refers to her husband 's general philosophy of care . She said their office phone started ringing frequently Wednesday afternoon , and it was "  kind of freaking out our other employee . " A 2006 post on a blog for Baker 's office says the comment originally was a criticism of insurance companies . Since then , the site says , it "  has been a quote that has been picked up and quoted  sometimes without attribution  around the net " and "  people are using it about all kinds of injustices . " The letter sent to Wicker had a Memphis , Tennessee , postmark and no return address , Senate Sergeant-at-Arms Terrance Gainer wrote in an e-mail to senators and aides Tuesday . Wicker has been assigned a protective detail , according to a law enforcement source . A laboratory in Maryland confirmed the presence of ricin on the letter addressed to Wicker after initial field tests also indicated the poison was present , according to Gainer . However , the FBI said additional testing was needed because field and preliminary tests produce inconsistent results . "  Only a full analysis performed at an accredited laboratory can determine the presence of a biological agent such as ricin , " according to the bureau . A law enforcement source said further tests would be conducted at the Army 's biomedical research laboratory at Fort Detrick , Maryland . After the arrest was announced Wednesday night , Wicker released a statement thanking "  the men and women of the FBI and U.S. Capitol Police for their professionalism and decisive action in keeping our family and staff safe from harm . " His offices in Mississippi and Washington "  remain open for business to all Mississippians , " Wicker said in the statement . Mail for members of Congress and the White House has been handled at offsite postal facilities since the 2001 anthrax attacks , which targeted Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , and then-Majority Leader Tom Daschle , D-South Dakota . Senate mail service shut down Senators were told Tuesday that the mail facility would be temporarily shut down "  to make sure they get everything squared away , " Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , said Tuesday afternoon . "  The bottom line is , the process we have in place worked , " she said . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , also praised the postal workers and law enforcement officers for "  preventing this threat before it even reached the Capitol . " "  They proved that the proactive measures we put in place do , in fact , work , " he said . Ricin is a highly toxic substance derived from castor beans . As little as 500 micrograms -- an amount the size of the head of a pin -- can kill an adult . There is no specific test for exposure and no antidote once exposed . It can be produced easily and cheaply , and authorities in several countries have investigated links between suspect extremists and ricin . But experts say it is more effective on individuals than as a weapon of mass destruction . Ricin was used in the 1978 assassination of Bulgarian dissident Georgi Markov . The author , who had defected nine years earlier , was jabbed by the tip of an umbrella while waiting for a bus in London and died four days later . A previous ricin scare hit the Capitol in 2004 , when tests identified it in a letter in a Senate mail room that served then-Majority Leader Bill Frist 's office . The discovery forced 16 employees to go through decontamination procedures , but no one reported any ill effects afterward , Frist said .	A Mississippi judge received a similar letter that is also being tested Justice Department says Paul Kevin Curtis of Corinth , Mississippi , has been arrested Envelopes were addressed to Obama and Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi Initial tests on those envelopes detected the deadly poison ricin ; additional tests under way
The U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Office of Inspector General has 85 shiny new submachine guns , locked and loaded . They 've long had a small police force , and they 're not alone , thanks to a mostly forgotten provision in the behemoth 2002 Homeland Security Act that allows certain the Offices of Inspector General to equip themselves with agents who carry guns . Criminal investigators at agencies like the USDA , the Small Business Administration and NASA can carry firearms . The USDA first gained the permanent ability to arm its criminal investigators in 1981 . Twenty-five other federal agencies gained that permanent ability in 2002 as result of the Security Act . At 73 federal agencies and departments , independent sub-agencies called the Offices of the Inspector General , or OIGs , conduct oversight , perform audits and enforce laws . It is that last function that led the USDA to order the .40 - caliber "  submachine guns " in May . A spokesman for USDA OIG told CNN that these "  semi-automatic " weapons were acquired on September 9 , 2014 . The Department of Education 's OIG put out a similar purchase order in 2010 for 27 shotguns . Surprisingly , Congress does not know how many and what type of weapons the agencies have been stockpiling , according to Republican Rep. Chris Stewart of Utah . He wants a Governmental Accountability Office report on the issue and has introduced legislation this year to strip the OIGs of their guns . "  Americans do n't see why dozens of federal agencies need their own highly armed police forces with the authority to raid homes and businesses , " Stewart told CNN . So why do investigators at agencies better known for meat inspections and processing crop insurance claims need automatic weapons ? "  Regarding the need for weapons ' procurements , OIG 's Investigations division conducts hundreds of criminal investigations each year , some of which involve OIG agents , USDA employees , and/or members of the public facing potentially life threatening situations , " USDA Deputy Counsel Paul Feeney said . While the USDA has long had gun carrying agents , many other agencies did not have those law enforcement powers prior to a 2002 law meant to correct for the poor law enforcement coordination prior to September 11 . One of the changes was section 812 that turned these additional Inspector General offices into permanent law enforcement agencies . Prior to that , some of the Inspectors General had to ask for special permission -- citing specific need to carry firearms -- from the U.S. Attorney General . These were granted on an ad hoc basis and almost universally , but they had to be renewed . The 2002 Homeland Security Act codified these law enforcement powers and the right for agents of the Inspectors General to carry firearms . The agencies efforts to stock weapons and ammunition caught the eye of curious lawmakers in 2013 when the House Oversight Committee held a subcommittee hearing . The hearing revealed that the Social Security Administration has 290 investigators who carry firearms , but for the past two decades , those agents have only fired their guns twice in the line of duty . But agencies are getting some use of their police gear . Last year , the EPA launched a criminal investigation into an Alaskan gold mine for potential violations of the Clean Water Act . They sent 10 officers  five from the EPA who carried shotguns  in bulletproof vests , according to a review of the incident by the state of Alaska . No charges have been levied . In 2011 , the FDA conducted armed raids of an Amish farm searching for raw-milk related infractions . In justifying the need for Social Security 's audit arm to carry guns , SSA 's Inspector General Patrick O'Carroll cited a standoff with a murder suspect . But O'Carroll acknowledged Kentucky State Police accompanied Social Security 's agents in that pursuit . Rep. Stewart thinks that law enforcement-specific agencies should take the lead , not regulators . "  When there are genuinely dangerous situations involving federal law , that 's the job of the Department of Justice , not regulatory agencies like the FDA or the Department of Education , " Stewart said . Pete Kennedy , president of the Farm-to-Consumer Legal Defense Fund , whose members have been raided by the FDA , said agents have even pointed their guns at unarmed food producers suspected of permit violations . "  These people do n't need their own enforcement teams . " "  They have the U.S. Marshals at their disposal , if there really is a problem , " Kennedy told CNN . USDA 's Inspector General office confirmed to CNN that the majority enforcement actions -- arrest and search warrants -- are done in conjunction with another federal , state or other law enforcement agency . According to a 2012 report by the Department of Justice 's statistics arm , there were over 3500 gun-wielding agents assigned to the various Offices of Inspector General as of 2008 , including 52 at NASA , 34 at the Small Business Administration , six at the National Science Foundation , and 28 at the Office of Personnel Management , the federal government 's HR wing .	Certain civilian agencies employ armed investigators The USDA just bought 85 "  submachine guns " Congress does n't know what weapons the agencies have
CNN  -- Police were searching for a wildlife medical dart off the coast of New York on Friday after an unsuccessful attempt to euthanize a beached baby humpback whale Thursday night , according to East Hampton Village Police Chief Jerry Larsen . The dart bounced off the whale and ricocheted into the Atlantic Ocean . Larsen said Friday afternoon that the dart is encased in stainless steel but that it could pose a serious danger to swimmers in the months ahead . "  We 're sending divers ... to retrieve the needle as soon as the surf dies down , " Larsen said . Police also closed the area of beach , saying the dart might wash ashore . The whale was found on Main Beach in East Hampton on Tuesday and was deemed too sick to save , according to Charles Bowman , president of the Long Island-based Riverhead Foundation for Marine Research and Preservation . "  The whale was debilitated , " Bowman said . "  It was a thin and a young juvenile still dependent on its mother and could n't survive on its own . " By Friday , the whale was unable to free itself from the beach , and Bowman 's foundation advised the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration that it was appropriate to euthanize the whale . "  It 's heartbreaking for us . We 're used to saving animals , getting them back in the ocean , " Bowman said . "  It 's just one of these situations that there 's just no chance for it , -LSB- and we are -RSB- trying to get people to recognize that . " A NOAA official shot and killed the whale Friday morning .	Baby humpback was beached near East Hampton Village , New York Whale was too debilitated to survive on its own , official says Medical dart bounced off and washed away ; it could pose threat to swimmers
CNN  -- Democracy is a universal value and aspiration , unbound by region , ethnicity , culture or religion . In the last two decades , it has spread across the world in unprecedented ways . Elections are fundamental to the ethos and principles of democracy . They provide citizens with a say in the decisions that affect them and governments with a legitimate authority to govern . When elections are credible , free and fair , they can help promote democracy , human rights and security . But when elections are fraudulent , as we have seen in a number of countries , they can trigger political instability and even violence . This means that for democracy to fulfill its potential as a means of peacefully resolving social and political conflict , the integrity of elections is crucial . Threats to electoral integrity are not limited to poor , divided or war-torn countries . They can be found in every democracy . Many of the countries that embraced democracy in the last 20 years now struggle to entrench democratic governance . In some long-standing democracies , citizen trust and confidence in democratic institutions have dropped precipitously . Opinion : Politics by mob in China and Mideast Global recession and rising inequality are putting pressure on older democracies to show that they are relevant to their citizens ' concerns . The infusion of money in politics , for example , threatens to hollow out democracy . And recent events in the Middle East and North Africa demonstrate that revolutionary transitions hold both opportunities and dangerous pitfalls . In response to these concerns , a group of former political leaders and leading figures have come together to create the report , "  Deepening Democracy , " which stresses the crucial importance of integrity in elections in advancing democracy , security and development . Elections with integrity by themselves will not build citizen trust in democracy . But they can be an important step in achieving the goal . Our report identifies five challenges for countries to overcome . First , the need to strengthen the rule of law so that elections and the rights of voters and candidates can be protected . Second , professional and independent national bodies should manage elections so that they are credible and the results are legitimate . I saw for myself in Kenya the catastrophic impact of the failure of the country 's electoral commission to deliver these goals in the 2007 disputed presidential contest , when 1,300 people were killed and over 600,000 displaced in waves of unprecedented post-election violence . We must prevent this kind of tragedy from ever repeating . Third , greater efforts are needed to build the institutions , processes and behaviors that are vital for genuine multi-party competition and division of power . They would bestow legitimacy on the winner , provide security for the losers , and end the "  winner-takes-all " politics that discourages democratic practice . Fourth , the integrity of elections requires political equality . The barriers that prevent voting and wider participation in political life must be removed . Too often , women , young people , minorities and other marginalized groups are not given a full opportunity to exercise their democratic rights . Finally , unregulated money in politics undermines voters ' faith in elections and confidence in democracy . Vote buying and bribery of candidates , including by organized crime , have to be prevented in both aspiring and mature democracies . And we must tackle the explosive growth in campaign expenditures that is damaging confidence in electoral equality by strengthening fears that wealth buys political influence . These are all , of course , political challenges . But politicians can not resolve them alone . Civil society and the media play their roles and have responsibilities as well . Opinion : What if U.S. stops policing the world ? In addition , international funding ought to support democratic reform and electoral integrity rather than , as happened too often in the past , prop up authoritarian regimes . This entails increased efforts to prevent abuse throughout the political and electoral cycle and not just around a particular ballot . Our report provides a strategy on a global level . Governments need to regulate political donations and spending , and require full transparency and disclosure of donations with penalties for non-compliance . Organizations that manage elections in each country must come together to create international standards of professionalism , independence and competence against which they agree to be measured . A new transnational organization should be created to grade countries on their elections and to sound the alarm about electoral malpractice . The international community can then agree clearly on "  red lines " of extreme electoral abuse , which would trigger condemnation and , if necessary , sanction . Such a program for delivering elections with integrity -- with its emphasis on inclusion , transparency and accountability -- can promote better governance , greater security and human development . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kofi Annan .	Kofi Annan : Democracy is a universal value and aspiration , unbound by region or culture Annan : For democracy to fulfill its potential , we must have fair and credible elections He says threats to democracies -- both old and new -- must be overcome Annan : We can grade countries on their elections and sound off alarms on electoral malpractice
CNN  -- The world changes , but I 'm not sure it 's supposed to change this much : Fritz von Goering is on Facebook . "  Yeah , " von Goering said the other day , "  I 'm on it . People told me that 's the way to connect with people . " Fritz von Goering on a social network ... something just seems wrong . He always seemed to be the most anti-social human being on the face of the Earth . At least he did from the vantage point of the third row on Saturday afternoons during the 1950s , which is where I always sat when I watched him work . I was 9 , and my friend Kenny Stone and I would ride the bus to Old Memorial Hall in Franklin County , Ohio , where , for 50 cents , we purchased tickets to observe in person a weekly television broadcast called "  Lex 's Live Wrestling . " Lex Mayers , a highly excitable local Chevrolet dealer , was the sponsor and host , and Fritz von Goering was the ultimate scowling villain . He did terrible things to his opponents . Just terrible . The hero of the telecasts was the blond , golden Buddy "  Nature Boy " Rogers . In most of the country , he was promoted as a bad guy , but for whatever reason , in central Ohio , Rogers was as beloved as Woody Hayes . Nature Boy could do no wrong . "  Do n't even say that name to me , " von Goering told me the other day . He is 82 now , and we were talking over a telephone line , but I instantly obeyed . "  I hated Nature Boy 's guts offstage as well as on , " von Goering said . "  Do n't bring him up again . " As it was , I could scarcely believe I was even talking to von Goering ; it had been more than 50 years since those afternoons at Old Memorial Hall , with people screaming vile invective at him as he stepped between the ropes and into the ring , staring daggers at the audience and wearing a leather , military-type jacket . Out of curiosity this month I had decided to try to find out if he was still alive , and here he was , on the phone from his home in Northern California , sounding quite pleasant . So , Fritz ... why do you think people hated you so much ? "  Fans never did like me from day one , and I never knew why , " he said . "  I was a good-looking young kid when I was first getting started , and they put me in the ring against a bunch of ugly , hairy guys , and yet I was the one who got booed . The promoters said to me , ` You know , nobody likes you . ' " Biting the inside of my mouth , not knowing whether I should offer an opinion , I said : "  Perhaps it had something to do with your name being Fritz von Goering ? " "  Yeah , I guess so , " von Goering said . "  But I did n't give myself that name . A promoter in Minnesota did . " In the years after World War II , the most certain way to turn fans against a wrestler was to give him a German or Japanese name . Wartime wounds were still raw . "  I was n't even of German heritage , " von Goering said . "  I was born in Chicago to an Irish-American family . " In case you 're wondering what von Goering 's name was as a boy : I asked him , and he said he did n't feel like discussing it . Do you want to be the one to tell von Goering to do something he does n't feel like doing ? Be my guest . "  When I first started wrestling professionally , I was billed as Fritz von Ulm , " he said . "  But I guess that did n't sound like a bad-enough villain . So they changed it to Fritz von Goering . " Made a certain sense , in the context of the times -- Hermann Goering , one of Adolf Hitler 's henchmen , was not exactly a beloved figure in a 1950s United States filled with returning servicemen . "  They told me , ` You 're Fritz von Goering now , ' and my attitude was , ` Fine , if you say so . ' " He had never been outside the United States , but ring announcers from coast to coast proclaimed that he was "  from Berlin , Germany , " or "  from Frankfurt , Germany , " or "  from Nuremberg , Germany "  they seemed to make it up as they went along  , and thus he was able to make a pretty good living . Although it did have its downside . "  I was wrestling one night in Marion , Ohio , " he said . "  Against Nature Boy Rogers . The fans found where I had parked my car on the street and smashed it to pieces . They knocked out all the windows , banged the fenders , cut the tires . I had no idea until after the match . " "  So what did you do ? " I asked . "  Lex Mayers had the car towed to his dealership , and he fixed it up , which was a nice thing for him to do seeing that he had a Chevy dealership and I drove an Oldsmobile . " There were no pensions for the professional wrestlers of his day , so when he got too old for the job he found work as a truck driver , and for a while , perhaps inspired by Mayers , he sold cars .  Although it is difficult to imagine how , after spending a career persuading people to despise him , he could beckon them to purchase an auto from "  your friendly neighborhood used-car dealer , Fritz von Goering . " He always seemed like a loner , but he told me that if there had been Facebook when he was competing , he would have accepted just about all of his fellow wrestlers , heroes or heels , as friends . Every name I threw at him -- all of the men who , when I was a boy , I witnessed sharing a "  Lex 's Live Wrestling " ring with him -- he said yes to . Buddy "  Killer " Austin ? "  Yes . " Oyama Kato ? "  Yes . " Sweet Daddy Siki ? "  Yes . " Frankie Talaber ? "  Yes . " Handsome Johnny Barend ? "  Yes . " The Magnificent Maurice ? "  Yes . " I had to say it : "  Buddy ` Nature Boy ' Rogers ? " "  Absolutely not . Not in a million years . " In retirement and heading toward his 83rd birthday , von Goering said he does not miss the mayhem that once defined his life . And when he does find himself in the mood for unsuppressed anger , bellicose posturing and high-decibel insults , he knows where to turn . "  I watch cable news , " he said . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says he found a wrestler he used to watch as a kid on Facebook He says Fritz von Goering was scary , reviled , partly because of name promoter gave him Greene interviewed the retiree , who was truck driver , car salesman after he left wrestling Greene : Now von Goering says he 'd happily friend his former wrestling rivals on Facebook
CNN  -- Jury selection kicked off Thursday in the federal corruption case of former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick and his associates , who are accused of setting up a criminal enterprise in the mayor 's office that engaged in racketeering , bribery , fraud and extortion . A panel of 12 jurors , with six alternates , will decide the fate of Kilpatrick ; his father , Bernard Kilpatrick ; contractor Bobby Ferguson ; and Victor Mercado , a former director of Detroit 's Water and Sewerage Department . Prosecutors say they were involved in rigging millions of dollars worth of city contracts and extorting city contractors . The jury panel will be whittled from a pool of more than 200 potential candidates . All four men have maintained their innocence . Their attorneys were not immediately available for comment . Ex-Detroit mayor got free trips from pension fund broker , feds say Prosecutors say the defendants were "  working together to abuse Kilpatrick 's public offices , both his position as a state representative as well as his position of mayor of Detroit , to unjustly enrich themselves through a pattern of extortion , bribery and fraud . " At the heart of the scheme was corruption in municipal contracting , mostly centering on the Detroit Water and Sewerage Department , said Barbara McQuade , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan . Derrick Miller , a former Kilpatrick aide , entered into a plea agreement last year and is expected to testify against his former associates . In September 2008 , the ex-mayor pleaded guilty to two felony counts of obstruction of justice stemming from his efforts to cover up an extramarital affair . He also pleaded no contest to charges of assaulting a police officer who was attempting to serve a subpoena on a Kilpatrick friend in that case . 2008 : Detroit mayor apologizes to supporters , says he will not resign 2010 : Former Detroit mayor indicted on 19 fraud , tax charges	The jury panel will be whittled down from a pool of more than 200 candidates Twelve jurors will decide the fate of the former Detroit mayor and three associates Prosecutors say the men were involved in rigging millions of dollars in city contracts All four men have maintained their innocence
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's father will have to wait until next month before a judge decides whether he 'll get a monthly allowance from the pop star 's estate . Joe Jackson , who was not included in his son 's will , is asking for as much as $ 20,000 a month . At a hearing Thursday , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff delayed arguments until January 28 , because not all of the lawyers involved had been notified . Beckloff also threw out a petition by a British woman who claims she was married to Michael Jackson when he died and is the mother of his three children . Beckloff told Nona Paris Lola Jackson , who was on the phone from England , that her petition claiming the rights to Jackson 's estate was "  replete with deficiencies . " "  You have no evidence you were married to Mr. Jackson , " Beckloff said . Her legal efforts to claim Jackson 's children as her own began three years ago , but she filed her probate claim soon after his death last summer . Billie Jean Jackson , another woman claiming to be the mother of Jackson 's children , also was in court , but her long-standing claim was not heard . The estate executors have not filed any objections to Joe Jackson 's request for a monthly allowance , although lead lawyer Howard Weitzman did not rule out the possibility it would be contested . Katherine Jackson , 79 , supports her husband 's request for a monthly allowance , her probate lawyer , Adam Streisand , said last month . The petition of Joe Jackson , the 81-year-old patriarch of the Jackson family , said he has been financially dependent on Michael Jackson for years . It estimated that his monthly expenses come to $ 15,000 . Jermaine Jackson said it was ridiculous that his father even had to ask . "  That should n't even be , " Jermaine Jackson told CNN . "  The fact is my father is the estate . He created the estate . " Michael 's mother and his three children , who live with her now , share an $ 86,000 monthly allowance . Michael Jackson died on June 25 , 2009 , from what the coroner ruled was "  acute propofol intoxication , " referring to an anesthetic . A criminal investigation is continuing . A 2002 will placed Jackson 's estate -- estimated to be in the hundreds of millions -- into a trust that benefits Michael Jackson 's mother , his three children and charities to be chosen later . Joe Jackson told CNN earlier this year that he was not surprised or hurt to learn Michael left him out of his will . "  That 's the way he wanted it , " he said . "  And it 's not going to hurt me that I was left out of his will . But it happened . " Joe Jackson 's lawyer , Brian Oxman , is pursuing a legal challenge of the will , but Beckloff ruled Jackson had no voice in the matter . That decision is now before a California appeals court . Joe Jackson is challenging Michael Jackson 's signature on the will because it was dated on a day he was in New York , not in Los Angeles as the document said . He is also challenging the fitness of John Branca and John McClain , the executors named in the will who now control the estate . Katherine Jackson , who had engaged in a bitter challenge of her own against Branca and McClain , dropped her opposition at a hearing last month . It was a surprise to her husband 's lawyer , who was in court to launch Joe Jackson 's challenge . "  She has now reneged on her obligation to her family , " Oxman told the judge . Oxman said Katherine Jackson 's reversal was "  one of the most despicable displays " he 's ever seen in court . Oxman accused Katherine Jackson of reaching a secret deal with the men who control their son 's estate . Her lawyer fired back . "  That is not only baseless , but just a product of Mr. Oxman 's imagination , " Streisand said . There was no deal and it was a surprise to the estate lawyers , he said . Four of the Jackson sons , who are promoting the premiere of their new reality show , declined to talk about the squabble . "  To be honest with you , we 've been busy shooting this , and no , we 've not been following the estate , " Marlon Jackson said . "  There 's other family members that keep us abreast of what 's going , the day-to-day details , " Tito Jackson said . "  But we know what 's going on , " Jermaine Jackson said . Marlon Jackson said he could n't understand why the public is so interested in negative news about the Jackson family . "  You 're busy getting your little Jackson fix , we 're busy trying to finish our show . We 're really not interested in that part , " he said . "  We 're trying to keep things on a more positive front and move forward on that level , because there 's so many positive things that has taken place with this family . " The Jackson brothers ' TV show , "  The Jacksons : A Family Dynasty , " debuts on the A&E cable network Sunday night .	NEW : Arguments delayed until January because not all lawyers notified Joe Jackson seeking up to $ 20,000 monthly from son Michael Jackson 's estate Joe Jackson was not included in son 's will He says he has been dependent on Michael Jackson for years ; monthly expenses are $ 15,000
London  CNN  -- Work on the world 's largest solar bridge has started in central London . The new solar roof spanning Blackfriars Railway Bridge above the River Thames will cover more than 6,000 square meters when finished , according to developers . Over 4,400 individual photovoltaic panels are expected to produce around 900,000 kilowatt hours of electricity every year , providing the station with half of its energy needs , according to Solar Century , the UK company installing the solar roof . Annual CO2 emissions are also expected to be reduced by more than 500 tons . "  It 's fantastic to see this project finally come to fruition . Blackfriars Bridge is an ideal location for solar , " Derry Newman , chief executive of Solar Century , said in a statement . "  For people to see that solar power is working is a vital step towards a clean energy future , " he added . Built in 1886 , the railway bridge is being transformed as part of an upgrade by Network Rail -- the owner and operator of rail infrastructure in the UK -- to the existing Blackfriars station . "  The Victorian rail bridge at Blackfriars is part of our railway history . Constructed in the age of steam , we 're bringing it bang up to date with 21st century solar technology to create an iconic station for the city , " Lindsay Vamplew , Network Rail 's project director for Blackfriars said in a statement . In addition to the solar panels  manufactured by the SANYO Electric Co. Ltd  , the station will also include rain-harvesting systems and sun pipes for natural lighting . The solar roof and the new station are due to be completed by the summer of 2012 .	New solar array will be largest on a bridge anywhere in the world , say developers Blackfriars Railway Bridge in central London will carry 4,400 photovoltaic solar cells on roof PV panels will create 900,000 kilowatt hours of electricity per year , generating 50 % of new station 's power New station due for completion in 2012
CNN  -- Can ideas get you high ? My approach to creating content is focused on pulling people out of their intellectual comfort zones . I 'm interested in presenting ideas in unique ways that challenge people to question their assumptions . My mode of presentation is short-form video -- basically I create fast cut , impassioned "  idea explainers " that explode with enthusiasm and intensity as they distill how technology is expanding our sphere of possibility . I want big ideas to have aesthetic relevance . I want to tickle people 's intellectual sensibilities and instill a sense of wonder . I think big ideas should get people high ! My short videos , which I call shots of philosophical espresso , are trailers for these ideas . They are not a substitute for a book or academic paper -- they are instigators . My work is simply another way for wider audiences to engage with these ideas . My goal is for those who might not be inclined toward heady discourse to find a way still to connect to these ideas . Psychologist Nicholas Humphrey coined the term "  the biological advantage of being awestruck " to describe his theory on why our unique ability to be enthralled was , somehow , biologically selected for in a Darwinian sense . He believes this quirk of our consciousness imbues our lives with a sense of cosmic significance that over the course of history has resulted in a species that works harder not just to survive but to flourish and thrive . To "  awe " gives us a "  raison d'etre . " A reason for being . You can learn more about Humphrey 's idea in my video "  A Movie Trailer for Awe . " Humphrey says being enchanted by the magic of experience , rather than being just an aid to survival , provides an essential incentive to survive . "  We relish just being here , " he says . "  We feel the yen to confirm and renew , in small ways or large , our own occupancy of the present moment , to go deeper , to extend it , to revel in being there , and when we have the skill , to celebrate it in words . ... " As pop philosopher Alain De Botton wrote in "  The Art of Travel , " "  There is an urge to say : I was here , I felt this , and it matters ! " And this sense of cosmic awe continues to manifest itself in the age of technology , as Erik Davis wrote in his book "  TechGnosis " : "  Collectively , Human societies can no more dodge sublime imaginings or spiritual yearnings than they can transcend the tidal pulls of Eros . ... "  We are beset with a thirst for meaning and connection that centuries of skeptical philosophy , hardheaded materialism can not eliminate . ... Today we turn to the cosmic awe conjured by science fiction , or the outer-space snapshots of the Hubble telescope as it calls forth our ever-deeper , ever-brighter possible selves . " Terence McKenna , in his book "  Food of the Gods , " wrote about the origins of human language : this unique , often ecstatic expression of consciousness that bursts forth as morsels of meaning encoded as vocal patterns . He believes the origins of language stem from our early use of psychedelic compounds , which caused a sort of "  ontological awakening " of our species and thus acted as an early catalyst for religion , cosmic feelings of awe and a desire for transcendent experiences . These experiences , to borrow the words of Tim Doody , re-contextualize oneself as a marvelous conduit in a timeless whole , through which molecules and meaning flow , from nebulae to neurons and back again . Early shamans , Davis wrote in "  TechGnosis , " became ecstatic technicians of the sacred . Regardless of whether you buy McKenna 's theory , he does provide a compelling case for the relationship between "  cosmic , out-of-body euphoria " and the cognitive leaps to which it can give rise . Some of our greatest poets , scientists and other thinkers have attributed some of their greatest inspiration to the use of these psychedelic chemicals and their resulting out-of-context perspectives . But it 's not necessarily the chemicals themselves I 'm interested in , but rather what they do to our sense of perspective and our reference points . My focus is the subjective experiences they seem "  to occasion . " Tom Robbins explains : "  The plant genies do n't manufacture imagination , nor do they market wonder and beauty -- but they force us out of context so dramatically and so meditatively that we gawk in amazement at the ubiquitous everyday wonders that we are culturally disposed to overlook , and they teach us invaluable lessons about fluidity , relativity , flexibility and paradox . Such an increase in awareness , if skillfully applied , can lift a disciplined , adventurous artist permanently out of reach of the faded jaws of mediocrity . " In my mind the key idea here is that of being forced out of context . We do n't necessarily require psychedelics for this , although they might offer a shortcut . What we require is a bold new attitude and a sense of humility that accepts the ambiguity of many of our so-called truths , habitual thought patterns and cultural reality tunnels . By accepting the need to constantly de-condition our thinking to approach the world with new eyes , we can reconnect with our sense of awe and wonder . As Michael Pollan wrote , "  In order to see things as if for the first time , we must remember to forget . " Bucky Fuller used to say "  dare to be naive . " Oftentimes , our sense of what we think we know is precisely what prevents us from approaching situations free of prejudice . "  Banality is a defense against being overwhelmed , " Pollan wrote in his book "  The Botany of Desire . " This makes perfect sense to me : In a world where disruption is the new normal , and technological change is happening at an exponential rate ; a world where we are bombarded with media messages , and where "  attention " is the new limited resource , it seems easier to recoil away from all the mindblowingness going on , and instead look for reasons to be bored . The mundane can be quite comforting for those terrified of leaving their comfort zone . And this where I think my work serves the purpose of infecting people with wonderment . My short videos are "  digital psychedelics " meant to "  de-center " the self , dwindle the broadcast of the ego and provide people with a long view , "  big picture " perspective on humanity , technology and how their symbiosis might make a dent in the cosmos . As Alan Harrington wrote in "  The Immortalist " : "  We must never forget we are cosmic revolutionaries . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Silva .	Filmmaker Jason Silva makes short kaleidoscopic videos on how ideas interrelate He says he aims to show how technology is expanding our sphere of what is possible Silva : Big ideas should instill a sense of wonder in people as if they 're high on drugs
CNN  -- NBA players and owners did not reach a deal early Thursday on the bitter labor struggle that has postponed the basketball season , but the two sides agreed to meet again later in the day to continue with the negotiations . NBA commissioner David Stern had said that players had until 5 p.m. Wednesday to accept the terms of a labor offer that would give players between 49 % and 51 % of basketball revenues . If it did n't accept the deal , the NBA would offer another proposal that would offer players 47 % of basketball revenues . Stern said he had frozen that deadline to allow negotiations to continue . "  Every day that we lose another game it causes both sides to recognize the damage , " Stern told reporters . Both sides met for about 12 hours Wednesday and early Thursday morning . "  We spent a lot of time covering all of the issues that we still have remaining , but we ca n't say there was significant progress made today , " Fisher said . The NBA season has been canceled through at least November 30 , and the two sides are hoping they can reach a resolution before more games are called off . Stern has said the 2010-2011 season was not profitable for most of the league 's 30 owners , who want cost-cutting help from players . The league lost as much as $ 300 million last season , according to Stern . One of the battles has focused on the owners ' rejection of calls by the players ' union for an average $ 7 million player salary in the sixth year of a new labor deal . The current average salary is about $ 5 million . Other big issues include a fight over a move by owners to gain the bigger share of revenues and whether the NBA will strengthen its salary cap . The league 's owners began a lockout of players in early July .	Both sides agree to meet Thursday "  We ca n't say there was significant progress made today , " Derek Fisher says The league 's owners began a lockout of players in early July
Tokyo  CNN  -- The 40th anniversary of the normalization of relations between China and Japan will be marked on September 29 but there seems little to celebrate . The territorial dispute between Japan and China over the rocky outcrops , known as the Senkakus in Japan and Diaoyu in China , has escalated beyond expectations as both governments have upped the ante and domestic politics constrains room for maneuver . As bad as it seems now , it was also quite perilous in 2010 after a Japanese Coast Guard arrested the crew of a fishing trawler that rammed them in the waters near the disputed rocks . This arrest sparked widespread angry protests and attacks on Japanese businesses in China . Fresh anti-Japanese protests in China on symbolic anniversary After Beijing withheld exports of rare earth metals vital to Japanese industry , Tokyo capitulated by releasing the crew and captain . This incident inflamed lingering resentments and stoked mutual suspicions . In this most recent standoff , the saber-rattling has grown more ominous against the backdrop of a political transition in Beijing and leadership elections in Japan 's two main parties . In this context , it is difficult for either side to dial down the rhetoric . Contenders for party presidency in Japan are all taking a hardline , one that will fuel more tensions . Background : How remote rock split China , Japan Meanwhile , Beijing is getting ready to pass the baton of leadership at a time when the economy is slowing and there is growing discontent with corruption , nepotism and income disparities . Pundits expect Beijing to clamp down on the demonstrations before they morph into anti-government protests . The temptation of patriotic blustering is hard for either side to resist , but in this dangerous game of brinksmanship both countries have a lot to lose . There is a serious risk of miscalculation on both sides that could cause this scrap to spiral out of control . It does n't take much to make a martyr and once there is blood in the water , stability in Asia is at risk . There is little to be gained from aggravating a dispute that has now assumed symbolic importance as a test of wills . Asia 's disputed islands -- who claims what ? Tokyo-Beijing relations are fragile and in this case the volatile combination of territorial disputes , competition for seabed resources , strategic ambitions , nationalism and unresolved historical grievances have elevated these remote outcrops into the focal point for longstanding grievances in China and growing anxieties in Japan . The rapid rise of China has lead to a tectonic shift in East Asian geopolitics and the decline of Japanese influence . This abrupt and far-reaching shift in the balance of power is destabilizing because it challenges the status quo . Complicating this transition is the acrimony caused by former prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi 's  2001-06  six trips to Yasukuni Shrine , seen as a talismanic ground zero for an unrepentant view of Japan 's rampage in Asia between 1931-45 . The rising tide of Chinese nationalism finds a familiar and handy target in Japan . At the same time , Japanese conservatives do their nation no favors by repeated provocations with their Asian neighbors . Governor Shintaro Ishihara of Tokyo deserves most of the blame for the current fracas . In April he announced plans to purchase three of the disputed islands from their private owner in Japan and raised over $ 15 million from public donations to do so . Beijing has been fuming ever since . An issue that had been simmering on the back burner since late 2010 is now boiling over and causing great damage to Japan 's considerable interests in China . This is Ishihara 's own goal , driven by an ideological agenda and contempt , that is not in line with public attitudes . He also succeeded in forcing the central government to buy the islands , as the Noda government decided that it had to marginalize Ishihara in order to manage the situation and prevent him from doing further damage . But in doing so , Tokyo triggered the current altercation . Ishihara may also be chortling because he has managed to shift Japanese politics to the right , as political contenders try to out do each other in hardline statements . He may be hoping to ratchet up nationalism in Japan because he believes the nation suffers from a patriotic deficit . The absence of anti-Chinese demonstrations in Japan suggest that he has not succeeded in this , but he has certainly inflicted great damage on bilateral relations and the scars will persist for some time . The media frenzy is whipping up negative mutual perceptions and a new generation in both countries is learning to hate and vilify . Can the "  hot " economic relationship remain insulated from political upheaval ? This is the billion-dollar question leaders should be asking because Japan is a leading investor and source of technology while China is its largest trading partner . The rocks in question are not worth all the damage they are causing , but that is precisely the point . This issue has become dangerously politicized where cost-benefit analysis , or resort to legal arguments , appear unpromising . Can calmer heads prevail ? Probably . Both sides appear to be carefully edging away from the abyss , but a disastrous turn of events and violent clashes remain ominously possible . There has to be a cooling off period , but the political transition might be an opportunity to hit the reset button . To move forward Beijing and Tokyo should commit to talks about the disputed territories without preconditions , agree to refrain from violence in pursuit of rival claims and move towards confidence building measures  CBMs  that sidestep the issue of sovereignty . The most ambitious of these CBMs would be joint development of East China Sea seabed resources as specified in a 2008 accord . In 1978 , Deng Xiaoping suggested that this dispute be put aside , placing faith in the wisdom of future generations to resolve this discord . Hopefully leaders on both sides will find that wisdom and act on it to avert catastrophe . In the meantime , confidence-destroying measures are digging a deeper hole to climb out of . Foin us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Kingston .	Relations between China and Japan remain tense amid ongoing islands dispute Kingston : This is a dangerous game of brinksmanship , both countries have a lot to lose Fueled by territorial disputes , seabed resources , strategic ambitions , nationalism Political transition in both countries might be an opportunity to hit the reset button
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Illegal diamond mining by Zimbabwean troops is leading to bloodshed and attacks against civilians , said a global watchdog group formed to cut the flow of so-called "  blood diamonds . " The armed forces also are accused of funneling money from diamond fields to President Robert Mugabe 's party . Residents and workers contributed accounts of attacks detailed by the interim findings of the Kimberley Process after a weeklong investigation in Zimbabwe . The probe started days after a Human Rights Watch report accused the nation 's armed forces of violently taking over the diamond fields in Marange district and killing about 200 people since last year . Some victims of the clash were buried in mass graves , the report said . Lameck Chiso , 29 , said he was stopped at a police checkpoint on his way from work in the diamond fields . "  Three men in army uniform jumped into my car and asked me to drive them back to the mining area , " Chiso said . They took his money and urged him to praise the "  wonderful job " the army was doing of restoring order to the Marange diamond area , Chiso added . "  I complied , but they responded by assaulting me with the back of a gun on my back , " he said . Kimberly Process officials urged the government to demilitarize the diamond fields and investigate the accusations against the military . Tapiwa , 32 , who declined to give his last name , said he has scars on his back and head from beatings he got when troops found him in the mining area . Such stories are common , said Georgette Gagnon , director of Human Rights Watch . The organization said more than 100 witnesses , including soldiers and children , were interviewed for its report . "  The police and army have turned this peaceful area into a nightmare of lawlessness and horrific violence , " Gagnon said . "  Zimbabwe 's new government should get the army out of the fields , put a stop to the abuse and prosecute those responsible . " The money from blood diamonds can end up funding rebel violence , the Kimberley Process group said . Separately , Human Rights Watch has accused the armed forces of funneling money from the fields into ZANU-PF , President Robert Mugabe 's party . The government decried some aspects of the report , saying the critics were trying to smear the Mugabe 's party . "  I can confirm that there has been illegal mining taking place in Zimbabwe , but we seem to be getting on top of the situation now , " said Kembo Mohadi , Zimbabwe 's co-minister of home affairs . The government has not been able to verify allegations of deaths and mass graves , Mohadi said . "  As a responsible government , we have started investigating these reports , " he said , adding that mining proceeds in the cash-strapped nation are not being distributed to any particular group . "  The money will not be handled by any party but by the Treasury , " he said .	Probe finds illegal diamond mining by Zimbabwe troops leads to attacks on civilians Watchdog group urges government to investigate accusations against military Zimbabwean official admits illegal diamond mining taking place Government unable to verify allegations of deaths and mass graves , official says
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- A premature baby who survived hours in a morgue refrigerator in Argentina was in "  very serious " condition after doctors detected an infection , state media reported . The infection could compromise Luz Milagros Veron 's neurological system and kidney function , the Telam news agency reported Thursday . The 9-day-old baby was being treated with antibiotics , said Diana Vesco , chief of neonatology at the Perrando Hospital in northeast Argentina , according to the state news agency . The baby 's survival grabbed global headlines and prompted her parents to give her a new name : Luz Milagros , the Spanish words for light and miracles . Pronounced dead after her premature birth on April 3 , she withstood more than 10 hours in a coffin inside a morgue refrigerator before being found alive . "  Today is the eighth day of my daughter 's resurrection , " the girl 's father , Fabian Veron , told CNN Wednesday . Every , doctor , nurse and morgue worker who dealt with the baby at the hospital has been suspended as an investigation gets underway , officials said . "  There was an error of medical protocol . This is about human error , " said Francisco Baquero , Chaco province 's health minister , according to Telam . Provincial officials provided compensation to the family Thursday , Telam reported , including cell phones , an economic subsidy , a motorcycle and transportation assistance . Earlier this week , the hospital 's director told CNN proper protocol had been followed . The baby had no vital signs when she was born , hospital director Dr. Jose Luis Meirino told CNN . The gynecologist on hand did n't find any signs of life , so he passed the baby to a neonatal doctor who also did n't find vital signs , Meirino said . The doctors observed the baby for a while , and only then , pronounced her dead . Two morgue workers then put her body inside a little wooden coffin and placed it in the morgue . "  Up to that point , there were still no vital signs , " the hospital director said . That night , mother Analia Boutet insisted on seeing her dead daughter 's body , Veron said . "  They put the coffin on top of a stretcher and we looked for a little crowbar to open it because it was nailed shut , " Veron told a local television station . "  It was nailed shut . I put the crowbar in there and started prying . I took a breath and took the lid off . " Boutet approached the baby 's body , touched her hand , and heard a cry , Veron told CNN . Veron 's brother-in-law rushed the baby back to the neonatal ward . He clutched her close to his chest for warmth . She felt like an ice-cold bottle against his body , the relative told Veron . "  I ca n't explain what happened . Only that God has performed a miracle , " Veron said . Related story : Did cold temperatures help ` miracle ' baby survive ? Meirino said it was the first time he had witnessed an incident like this , but that a nearly identical thing happened in Israel in 2008 . In that case , a baby was found alive in a morgue refrigerator after having been declared dead . Some doctors at the time said that it was possible that the low temperatures inside the refrigerator had slowed down the baby 's metabolism and helped her survive . However , that baby later died . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Rafael Romo and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Doctors detect an infection that could compromise the baby 's neurological and kidney function Luz Milagros Veron is in "  very serious " condition , state media reports The baby was pronounced dead and withstood more than 10 hours in a morgue refrigerator Health minister : "  There was an error of medical protocol . This is about human error "
The family behind A&E 's "  Duck Dynasty " rallied around its patriarch Thursday , one day after the network suspended Phil Robertson over controversial remarks he made about gays and blacks in a magazine interview . "  While some of Phil 's unfiltered comments to the reporter were coarse , his beliefs are grounded in the teachings of the Bible . Phil is a Godly man who follows what the Bible says are the greatest commandments : ` Love the Lord your God with all your heart ' and ` Love your neighbor as yourself . ' Phil would never incite or encourage hate , " the Robertsons said in a statement . The family called into question the future of the show . "  We are disappointed that Phil has been placed on hiatus for expressing his faith , which is his constitutionally protected right . We have had a successful working relationship with A&E but , as a family , we can not imagine the show going forward without our patriarch at the helm . We are in discussions with A&E to see what that means for the future of Duck Dynasty , " it said . In the January issue of GQ , Robertson said homosexuality is a sin and puts it in the same category as bestiality and promiscuity . "  It seems like , to me , a vagina -- as a man -- would be more desirable than a man 's anus . That 's just me . I 'm just thinking : There 's more there ! She 's got more to offer . I mean , come on , dudes ! You know what I 'm saying ? But hey , sin : It 's not logical , my man . It 's just not logical , " he 's quoted as saying . When asked what he thought was sinful , Robertson replied : "  Start with homosexual behavior and just morph out from there . Bestiality , sleeping around with this woman and that woman and that woman and those men . " But homosexuals are n't alone , Robertson said . "  Neither the adulterers , the idolaters , the male prostitutes , the homosexual offenders , the greedy , the drunkards , the slanderers , the swindlers -- they wo n't inherit the kingdom of God . Do n't deceive yourself . It 's not right . " Opinion : ` Duck Dynasty ' suspension does n't violate First Amendment A&E said it was troubled by Robertson 's statements . "  We are extremely disappointed to have read Phil Robertson 's comments in GQ , which are based on his own personal beliefs and are not reflected in the series Duck Dynasty , " the network said in a statement Wednesday . "  His personal views in no way reflect those of A+E Networks , who have always been strong supporters and champions of the LGBT community . The network has placed Phil under hiatus from filming indefinitely . " In addition to his comments about homosexuality , Robertson also spoke about race and growing up in Louisiana before the civil rights era . "  I never , with my eyes , saw the mistreatment of any black person . Not once , " he told GQ . "  Where we lived was all farmers . The blacks worked for the farmers . I hoed cotton with them . I 'm with the blacks , because we 're white trash . We 're going across the field . ... They 're singing and happy . I never heard one of them , one black person , say , ' I tell you what : These doggone white people ' -- not a word ! "  Pre-entitlement , pre-welfare , you say : Were they happy ? They were godly ; they were happy ; no one was singing the blues , " GQ quoted Robertson as saying . Did A&E make the right decision ? Share your view Outrage and support The NAACP and the Human Rights Campaign wrote a joint letter to the president of A&E expressing "  outrage and deep concern about the recent racist , homophobic , and ill-informed remarks made by Phil Robertson . " "  Mr. Robertson claims that , from what he saw , African Americans were happier under Jim Crow . What he did n't see were lynching and beatings of black men and women for attempting to vote or simply walking down the street , " the letter states . "  And his offensive claims about gay people fly in the face of science . In fact , it 's important to note that every single leading medical organization in the country has said that there is absolutely nothing wrong with being LGBT -- it 's not a choice , and to suggest otherwise is dangerous . " But by early Thursday night , more than 70,000 people had signed a change.org petition calling for A&E to bring Robertson back . "  Homosexuals have their convictions and Christians respect them , " the organizer of the petition wrote . "  There is a difference between respecting someone rights to exercise free will and imposing on others what we believe . Phil has done nothing more than state what he believes in . Just because homosexuals do not agree , does not mean Mr. Robertson needs to be suspended . " Similarly , the Facebook page "  Bring Back Phil Robertson " had more than 190,000 "  likes " by Thursday night . Robertson responded to the brouhaha in a statement late Wednesday . "  I would never treat anyone with disrespect just because they are different from me , " he said . "  We are all created by the Almighty and like Him , I love all of humanity . " "  Duck Dynasty " follows a Louisiana bayou family that has "  made a fortune on duck calls , " as A&E puts it . Robertson founded the Duck Commander company , "  which sold a line of custom-made duck-hunting calls that quickly became popular among avid hunters for their uncanny accuracy in replicating the sound of a real duck , " the GQ article states . Videos of his family 's duck hunts led to a show on the Outdoor Channel and eventually A&E , the article says . Season 5 of is set to premiere on January 15 . According to A&E , its fourth season premiere in August drew nearly 12 million viewers to become the No. 1 nonfiction series telecast in cable history . CNN Exclusive : Family pastor defends ` Duck Dynasty ' star	The Robertson family calls into question the show 's future Phil Robertson has been suspended "  indefinitely " from A&E 's "  Duck Dynasty " Sinful behavior can start with homosexuality and morph into things like bestiality , he tells GQ He also says black people he saw in pre-civil rights Louisiana were "  singing and happy "
Guantanamo Bay , Cuba  CNN  -- Lawyers for Khalid Sheik Mohammed and four other prisoners charged in the September 11 attacks say the FBI has questioned more members of the Guantanamo Bay detainees ' defense team than were previously disclosed . That could mean further delays in proceedings against the five accused of plotting the 2001 terrorist attacks . A court is hearing pretrial motions to prepare for the trial of Mohammed , who 's been called the 9/11 mastermind , and the four others . Defense attorneys revealed the new information at a news conference at the U.S. naval base Sunday . Defense lawyers have previously said that the FBI approached one defense security officer , who was asked to become an informant . The U.S. Justice Department has acknowledged the contact and said investigators looked into whether someone on the defense team representing defendant Ramzi bin al-Shibh may have aided unauthorized communication between him and people overseas . The investigation was closed with no charges being brought . Lawyers for the defense team said Sunday that their investigation revealed that the FBI asked three other members of the defense team to cooperate and not to reveal that they were approached . They said a second investigation also has been closed with no charges . Hearings this week at Guantanamo Bay are expected to deal with the FBI investigations to see if there 's a conflict of interest . Defense attorneys said they are preparing new pretrial motions to deal with the fallout from the FBI investigations . "  One of the scenarios is that one or more of the defense teams would have to be replaced , " said James Connell , an attorney for one of the defendants . That could lead to even more delays in the case going to trial . The four people approached by the FBI had top-secret clearances , working with the defense teams to help them sort through classified information . Three of them worked for a security contracting company based in Washington . CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this report .	The FBI has questioned more defense team members than thought , lawyers say That could slow proceedings against five charged with plotting the 9/11 terrorist attacks Defense says it 's preparing new pretrial motions to deal with fallout from FBI investigations
CNN  -- "  Listen , we 're all * possibly * Frank Sinatra 's son , " Ronan Farrow tweeted last week . The lighthearted message masterfully sidestepped gossip and scandal : His mother , actress Mia Farrow , divulged to Vanity Fair magazine that ex-husband Frank Sinatra could "  possibly " be the 25-year-old 's father . It was long believed that the biological father of the Rhodes Scholar-turned-diplomat-turned-lawyer was filmmaker Woody Allen , who had a relationship with Farrow for 12 years . Ronan Farrow fell out with Allen when it came to light that the prolifically quirky director was having an affair with one of Mia Farrow 's adopted daughters , Soon-Yi Previn . Allen and Previn later married in 1997 . On Father 's Day last year , Ronan memorably tweeted : "  Happy Father 's day -- or as they call it in my family , happy brother-in-law 's day . " While this most recent questioning about paternity made headlines because of the famous parents , the circumstance can shake any family , according to psychology experts . Families shaped by divorce and remarriage , traditional adoption , second-parent adoption , surrogacy and in vitro fertilization might mean the conversation happens more often than ever before . ` The world opened up ' For Brian Hansen , 32 , of New Jersey , his life changed over a drink with a cousin in 2010 . Hansen and his wife were expecting their first child , and he told his cousin he was scared of the type of parent he would be because of the angry father he had known . "  My cousin saw that I was very worried and in a distressed place , " Hansen said . His cousin , sensing his angst , figured it was time to come clean : The man who had raised Hansen was not his biological father . Hansen 's mother had used a sperm donor to conceive both him and his younger sister . "  I just sat there and stared at him for nine or 10 seconds , " Hansen said . " ... My life literally re-defined by fermented oats served cold by a waitress with nose jewelry named Miranda , " he wrote on his blog less than 24 hours later in a post titled "  And Now For Something Completely F *** ed . " For Hansen , there was an immediate sense of relief . From about age 7 , Hansen said he and his sister would look at each other and ask : "  Where did we come from ? " He had a rocky relationship with his father growing up , and in 2008 , he severed ties once and for all . His parents , now divorced , were together for 32 years . "  Once I found out I was n't beholden to his gene , the world opened up , " Hansen said . While Hansen 's and Ronan Farrow 's paternal relationships fell into the "  strained " camp , experts such as Jennifer Hogan say the news can rock a family whether the parent-child relationship is good , bad or downright ugly . This type of news will raise issues of identity and trust , especially if other family members were in on the secret . "  It shakes your self-awareness and sense of self to its core , " said Hogan , a licensed clinical social worker . "  For parents , the important thing to understand is that we get a lot of identity from who our immediate family is . " Think about it : Recreational hobbies , personality traits , even career paths often follow the suit of a parent . "  The child starts to feel like an outsider to their family , " Hogan said . Hogan said Hansen 's sense that he "  was n't destined to become the same as this person " can be freeing : "  You get a clean slate for half of your biology . " But there will also be some uncertainty about what traits might come from a newly discovered parent . "  It will shake your foundation , " Dr. Gabriela Cora agrees . "  Even if you suspected it before , confirming it can still be a shocker . " ` Secrets are inherently destructive ' For parents , of course , the million-dollar question is when to deliver the news . "  Secrets are inherently destructive to families , " Hogan said . "  Eventually they come out , and they cause a lot of havoc . " The debate over disclosure versus secrecy is one that adoption support groups advise should be ongoing within families -- and that the child 's age and inquisitiveness are cues for how much to make known . There 's no easy answer . "  Adult adoptees who grew up with secrecy talk about feeling that something was n't ` right ' about them , about feeling both betrayed and relieved when they learned the truth . Others interpreted their parents ' reluctance to talk to mean that adoption was taboo , " Lois Melina wrote in Adoptive Families magazine . Cora , a psychiatrist , encourages the same process for all parents who are n't biologically linked to their child . "  Err on being truthful , " she said . A big factor in the "  when " is if the children are old enough to comprehend the implications or if they start raising questions about their identity , Cora said . If the child is really young and determined to seek out a biological tie that is n't part of his or her current life , the parents who raised the child might encourage him or her to wait a couple of years to seek out roots -- and agree to help when the time comes . Hogan said innately understanding where you come from is something children begin to want to understand . But the age at which it 's discussed should be when they can steel themselves for rejection . "  It is the ultimate rejection if your biological parent does n't have interest in you , " she said . Hogan suggests parents be honest in their explanations , acknowledging their own fears and doubts about telling the truth . This is especially pertinent if a child could have been abused , mistreated or neglected in the care of a biological parent . "  People think that they really want to know the truth  about their biological parents  , but they 've idealized that truth , " Cora said . The child , even as an adult , will discover and decide for him or herself what comes from nature and what 's nurtured . For Hansen , who had a rough relationship with his dad , he said he felt a release of issues he thought were innate . But he was upset that his mother did n't tell him the truth while he dealt with his own anger issues , or when he and his wife asked about medical history before trying to have a baby . With a lot of processing -- therapy , that is -- his relationship with his mother is at a peaceful point , he said . "  She thought she was doing the right thing by not telling us , and in her view , he loved us , she loved us , they were our parents -- and none of the other stuff mattered , " he said . "  Because of the way that I was raised , he 's always going to be a part of who I am -- biological or not . "	Actress Mia Farrow revealed her son 's father might "  possibly " be Frank Sinatra Paternity disclosures can lead to identity and trust issues , psychology experts say Parenthood conversations should be tailored to child 's age and inquisitiveness , experts say Some children say they feel relief when ties to a parent are severed
Cairo  CNN  -- Mohamed al-Zawahiri , brother of al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri , will be freed from prison in Egypt after 13 years , his attorney said Monday . He was acquitted by an Egyptian military court and will be released Tuesday , said attorney Nizar Ghorab . Mohamed al-Zawahiri was imprisoned in 1999 after being detained and extradited from the United Arab Emirates on allegations that he was linked to the 1981 assassination of Egyptian President Anwar Sadat . Al-Zawahiri was acquitted on the assassination charges but later was accused of conspiring against the Egyptian government . He was sentenced to death , but then appealed the ruling . Last year , Egypt 's interim government released him along with scores of other political prisoners after a general pardon was issued by the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which ruled the country after the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak . But al-Zawahiri was arrested again shortly after . Ahmed al-Zawahiri , nephew of Mohamed al-Zawahiri , told CNN that after the release last year , security forces stormed his uncle 's home , beat him up and rearrested him for no apparent reason . "  It was a day after my uncle spoke to a local paper and spoke of the torture he endured inside prison for years , " Ahmed al-Zawahiri told CNN . "  He paid a high price for being Ayman 's brother and he has denounced any sort of violent ideologies now that his main enemy , the Mubarak regime , has been removed , " the nephew added . "  Zawahiri has been tortured for years by Mubarak 's state security officers because he is the brother of Ayman Zawahiri , " Ghorab said . Mohamed Al-Zawahiri is a member of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad , of which his brother was once a leader . The United States describes the group as a terrorist organization that merged with al Qaeda in 2001 . Its "  primary goals are to overthrow the Egyptian government and replace it with an Islamic state and attack U.S. and Israeli interest in Egypt and abroad , " the U.S. State Department once said . Five other Islamists charged with similar crimes were acquitted along with Al-Zawahiri , said Ghorab . They are Abdel Aziz al-Jamal , Alaa Sarhan , Sayed Imam , Murgan Mustapha Salem and Mohamed Islamboli , the brother of the executed Islamist who killed Sadat , the attorney said .	NEW : His nephew and attorney say Mohamed al-Zawahiri was tortured NEW : He has paid a price because of his brother , the nephew and attorney say Al-Zawahiri was released , then re-arrested , last year
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- A 2-year-old girl in Mali has been diagnosed with Ebola , making her the West African country 's first confirmed case , health officials said Thursday . The girl was brought to Mali from neighboring Guinea , where the outbreak this year is believed to have started , World Health Organization spokeswoman Yvette Bivigou said . The girl , whose father died of Ebola , was taken to the hospital in Kayes after a nurse noticed she was suffering from what appeared to be Ebola-like symptoms . A test confirmed the girl has Ebola , Health Ministry spokeswoman Markatie Daou said . "  The girl is still in the hospital in Kayes together with members of her family who might have been exposed to the virus , " she said . The confirmed case in Mali makes it the sixth West African country to be hit by the virus , which the WHO reported has killed more than 4,800 people . Ousmane Kone , Mali 's minister for public health , called for people in Kayes , west of the capital city of Bamako , to "  stay calm " and observe "  hygiene measures . " "  We identified the first contacts of the patient , " he said . Even so , he asked anyone who had contact with the girl to contact authorities . The news comes just days after the WHO announced that vaccine trials are expected to begin in January in West Africa . The initial vaccine tests are being given to volunteers in countries such as Mali , the United States and England . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	A 2-year-old girl brought from Guinea to Mali has been diagnosed with Ebola The girl 's father died of Ebola , a health official said The girl is in the hospital in Kayes Members of her family have also been hospitalized
CNN  Said and Cherif Kouachi , who are the leading suspects in Wednesday 's attack on the magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris , grew up in a world of poor job prospects , life in the French equivalent of the projects and prison time that is not untypical for the French "  underclass , " which is disproportionately Muslim . On Friday , the two brothers were killed in a shootout with police , achieving their goal of a supposedly heroic "  martyrdom . " Before they died , one of the brothers spoke on the phone to a journalist from the French news network BFM saying , "  We are just telling you that we are the defenders of Prophet Mohammed . I was sent , me , Cherif Kouachi , by al Qaeda in Yemen . I went there and Sheikh Anwar Al-Awlaki financed my trip ... before he was killed . " Anwar al-Awlaki was a Yemeni American cleric born in New Mexico who spent much of his life in his native United States , but he left in 2002 when he became the subject of intense FBI scrutiny . He traveled first to the United Kingdom and then to Yemen , where he joined al Qaeda , eventually rising to become the head of its operations to target the West . Al-Awlaki was killed by a U.S. drone strike in Yemen in September 2011 . Cherif Kouachi , the younger of the brothers had dreams of being a successful rapper that fizzled and later worked in a series of menial jobs , including as a pizza delivery guy . He fell under the spell of a militant cleric in the 19th arrondissement , a gritty immigrant-dominated suburb of northeastern Paris that has little in common with the glamorous French capital city that is known to tourists . He was arrested by French authorities in 2005 when he was about to leave to fight in Iraq . He planned to travel to Iraq via Syria . This appears to be quite significant as the pipeline of Western "  foreign fighters " traveling to Syria and then to Iraq during this time period was dominated by "  al Qaeda in Iraq , " which was a precursor both of the Nusra Front , which is al Qaeda 's affiliate in Syria , and also of ISIS , which broke away from al Qaeda early last year . He was sentenced to three years in prison in 2008 for recruiting fighters to join in the Iraq War alongside the notorious leader of the al Qaeda affiliate there , Abu Musab al Zarqawi , but did n't serve any time after the conviction ; the judge ruled that his pretrial detention had been enough . Nonetheless , Cherif 's time in prison awaiting trial seems to have not only solidified his radicalization , but also connected him to people who were important in French militant circles While in pretrial detention , Cherif met Djamel Beghal , who was in prison for his role in an attempted attack against the U.S. Embassy in Paris in 2001 . Cherif and Beghal became friends and in 2010 , when Beghal was released , he and Cherif allegedly planned the jail break of another radical Islamist who was serving a life sentence for his involvement in the bombing of the Musee d'Orsay train station in Paris in October 1995 that wounded 29 people . But prosecutors could n't prove the conspiracy , and Cherif was released . Cherif Kouachi : ' I was ready to go and die in battle ' While there is no particular economic profile of terrorists -- some are from privileged backgrounds and others are not -- it 's interesting to note some of the similarities between the Kouachi brothers and the Tsarnaev brothers , who are alleged to have carried out the Boston Marathon bombings in 2013 . The Tsarnaev brothers grew up in a working-class household in Cambridge , Massachusetts . The elder brother Tamerlan had dreams of becoming a world-class boxer but was unemployed when he carried out the Boston attacks . He had traveled to Dagestan in Russia in 2011 in an attempt to meet up with militants there . He also felt alienated from American society , telling an interviewer , "  I do n't have a single American friend . " The Tsarnaevs were influenced by the jihadist propaganda of Awlaki . The Tsarnaevs , however , are not typical of American Muslims . For Muslims in the United States the "  American Dream " has , on average , worked fairly well . They are as educated as most Americans and have similar incomes . This is often not the case for the Muslims of France , who make up the largest Muslim population of any country in the West . Consider that around 12 % of the French population is Muslim , but as much as an astonishing 70 % of its prison population is Muslim . According to a researcher at Stanford University , Muslim immigrants in France are two-and-a-half times less likely to be called for a job interview than a similar Christian candidate and Muslim incomes are around 15 % below their Christian counterparts . Many Muslims , such as the Kouchai brothers , live in grim banlieue -- suburbs of large French cities -- that are not dissimilar to projects in the United States where there is little in the way of opportunity ; they live divorced from mainstream French society . According to the Renseignements Gnraux , a police agency that monitors militants in France , half of the neighborhoods with a high Muslim population are isolated from French social and political life . The French term for these neighborhoods is "  sensitive urban zones , " where unemployment averages 45 % . In short for French Muslims , there is no "  French Dream , " nor , of course , any "  EU Dream . " It 's also small wonder then that France has supplied more foreign fighters to the war in Syria -- around 700 -- than any other Western nation , including , possibly , one of the Kouachi brothers . After a series of bombings in France in 1995 carried out by militants with links to the former French colony of Algeria that included the Musee ' d'Orsay attack , French authorities enacted harsh anti-terrorism laws that allow prosecutors to charge the mere intention to commit an act of terror as a crime and also to hold those suspected of such crimes for up to three years as prosecutors investigated their cases . Since then , France has been effective at thwarting terrorist attacks -- largely due to these laws and a robust intelligence service -- and only a few terror attacks , such as those that occurred this week have been successful . The laws , however , did not inhibit people from traveling to countries in the Middle East to join groups like ISIS and al Qaeda . Indeed , it did not stop Said Kouachi , the older of the two brothers involved in Wednesday 's attack , from traveling to Yemen to train with al Qaeda in 2011 . Charlie Hebdo attack : What we know and what we do n't Because of the recent travel of hundreds of French fighters to the Middle East , the French Parliament adopted new anti-terrorism laws in November to prevent French nationals from traveling abroad to fight . A travel ban can be imposed on French nationals when "  there are serious reasons to believe that someone is planning to travel abroad to take part in terrorist activities ... " The ban is effective for at least six months but can be renewed for up to two years . The law also allows for blocking websites that "  glorify terrorism " in an attempt to counter radicalization online . With so many hundreds of French Islamist fighters traveling to the Middle East , hopefully , these kinds of measures will help to counter the kind of violence that took place in Paris over the course of this week .	Peter Bergen : As with some other French Muslims , the brothers were marginal , economically and socially He says they became active in Middle East causes , had contact with other prisoners
CNN  -- Hundreds of migrants departing from unstable Libya died in early October in a shipwreck while trying to reach Lampedusa , their gateway to Europe . But although their tale is tragic , it is far from exceptional . In the last two decades 20,000 people have perished from hypothermia , drowning , or landmines on the journey toward their "  European dream . " And while European Union institutions are beginning to address this history of loss , it is crucial that the discussion on asylum , immigration , and borders be further democratized . INFOGRAPHIC : How illegal immigrants enter the EU These are defining moments shaping the future of Euro-Mediterranean geopolitics , democracy , and human rights . Members of the EU Parliament recently adopted a joint resolution calling for a coordinated approach to immigration and asylum , to be inspired by both intra-European solidarity and responsibility toward would-be migrants . Seeking to prevent further disasters , the EU 's 28 heads of state have reached a consensus on the need to pursue activities that have long been in place . These include cracking down on organized crime ; boosting search and rescue and Frontex border patrol activities ; implementing the EUROSUR border surveillance system ; cooperating with countries of origin and transit ; collaborating with international agencies . Additionally , a new task force for the Mediterranean has been set up and is expected to offer operational proposals by December . Immigration and asylum will again be discussed at the next EU summit in June 2014 with possible legislative action at that time , when strategic guidelines "  in the area of freedom , security and justice will be defined . " Italian Prime Minister Enrico Letta has also announced that his government is working on new national norms to regulate asylum . But he has dodged a crucial question -- whether forced migrants , including children , could be allowed to apply for temporary protection in Italy or elsewhere in Europe while still living in countries such as Libya . As a clear political direction and "  strategic guidelines " are still to emerge at the national and EU level , civic engagement with these issues is vitally important . Demographic and economic disparities between northern and southern Mediterranean shores contribute to migration as an enduring condition . Post-World War II boundaries between forced and economic migration are increasingly blurred as terrorism , corruption , border disputes , trafficking , drought , and sectarianism displace millions of people south and east of the EU . Developing countries host 80 percent of the world 's refugees , with Pakistan , Iran , Germany , and Kenya hosting the largest numbers . In protracted refugee situations , such as that of Somalis in Kenya , children are born to refugees who themselves were born in refugee camps . OPINION : Europe 's immigration nightmare just beginning What all migrants have in common is the hope for a good life . And a good life , for most of them , is not merely about remittances , but also civic and political rights and duties , and belonging to a community that accepts them and their children for who they are and who they become . Some are convinced Europe can offer this . Opaque technocracy , abstract humanitarianism , and militarization alone can not provide answers to their plight -- answers must be political , and the EU 's discussion in this sense is only beginning . A democratized discussion on borders , asylum , and migration would need to include a more grounded assessment of the costs and benefits -- financial and in terms of human rights -- of colossal projects including EUROSUR , Frontex , and EU Border Assistance Missions to non-EU countries such as Moldova , the Ukraine , and Libya . In the short term , small reallocations of the massive spending supporting these surveillance projects might enable the proliferation of initiatives akin to Germany 's Humanitarian Admissions Program . This relatively modest , feasible program has recently flown to Germany in cooperation with the UNHCR for 5,000 Syrian at-risk women and children , people with serious medical conditions , and survivors of torture . For two years they will be integrated into the socio-economic , healthcare , and educational fabric of German cities -- and the program may be extended beyond that timeframe . OPINION : EU must solve crisis to deserve Nobel Prize EU institutions are also recommending migration management agreements between the EU and transit countries . But several readmission agreements are already into force . They essentially oblige non-EU signatories to take back not only their own citizens , but also third country nationals . In renewing or promoting such agreements , the EU should better assess whether those countries offer a reliable state apparatus , a functioning asylum system , and the resources to adequately protect human rights . The EU also needs to consider whether the youth in non-EU signatory countries will continue to experience these agreements as disparaging and humiliating , or as equitable and mutually beneficial . More broadly , EU actors will have to decide whether the Mediterranean is to serve as an integrated space of common growth or as an insurmountable frontier . Both options have their costs . But in the latter case , everyone must appreciate the risk of more deaths at sea -- and billions of euros will need to be invested in permanent "  military-humanitarian " operations . And despite the massive deployment of the "  Mare Nostrum " Italian military mission off Lampedusa , transnational smuggler networks will look for other routes , as they have done for years , or alternatively bet precisely on patrol and rescue operations and ask inexperienced migrant themselves to take the helm of unseaworthy vessels . Either way , they will profit by gambling with the lives of thousands of people . OPINION : What 's the place of outsiders in Europe ? As consequential and costly decisions are being considered in Brussels and other capitals it is time for citizens and leaders to make a choice as to how they envision national and European liberal democracy . What is the place of outsiders ? What is my legacy in writing the history of the present ? What will I say to the children of the drowned ? Survivors , human rights advocates , pluralists , Islamophobes , Eurosceptics , fiscal conservatives , post-colonial and "  second generation " Europeans need to speak out now , engaging each other and their representatives . I admit I am not a supporter of European right wing parties , and I do believe their growing popularity can not be challenged by merely adopting sanitized , "  light " copies of their rhetoric . National and EU politicians have to pragmatically tackle the serious challenges faced by their constituents . But they also have to more courageously explain what their vision of Europe is , accepting that in a functioning , non-demagogic democracy making everyone happy is impossible . And yes , the EU has yet to win the hearts and minds of its citizens . It is precisely with our actions , relationships , voices , votes , and laws that we can help ground in democratic methods core EU ideals of freedom , security , and justice . If we fail , the "  European Dream " will remain a scam marketed by smugglers and other dream dealers . The opinions expressed in this piece are solely those of Maurizio Albahari .	Albahari : 20,000 people have died in last 20 years trying to realize "  European Dream " U.N. : Developing countries host 80 percent of the world 's refugees Failure to reform will ensure that "  European Dream " will remain a scam marketed by smugglers
CNN  -- Airport layovers can be the most gruesome leg of a journey . But airports are increasingly getting wise to the needs of their passengers , offering a range of amenities from swimming pools to yoga studios and even a golf course . Last year , Dallas Fort Worth International Airport decided it wanted to become "  the healthiest airport in the country , if not the world , " according to spokeswoman Cynthia Vega . They started by ensuring every one of their restaurants had a low-fat , "  healthy heart " option . Next , they introduced a 700-meter walking path and opened a yoga studio free for passengers to use . "  You know what it 's like being trapped in the airport . You can only eat so much food or read so many magazines , " says Vega . "  There is an inherent stress that goes along with traveling . This is a good way to shake it off . " Increasingly , airports are becoming more and more defined by their amenities . Hong Kong International is known by many golfers for its nine-hole course , visitors to Seoul can take a spin on the ice skating rink at Incheon Airport , while travelers can take in an art exhibit or a classical piano lesson while on layover in Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport . Read more : Airport dating : Love at first flight ? Arguably , Singapore 's Changi Airport spearheaded the trend back in the mid-1990s , when it introduced a rooftop swimming pool and free internet terminals . In recent years , Changi has continued to innovate , implementing a 24-hour complimentary movie theater , free gaming rooms as well as foot massage and napping stations . Two of their more off-beat recent additions include the world 's largest kinetic sculpture and an indoor slide . "  Passengers ' demands have changed considerably over the years , " notes Ivan Tan , a spokesman for Changi . "  The airport is no longer an inconsequential stop along the way , but a destination on its own . " Though the modern airport is often compared to a shopping mall , Curtis Fentress , the architect who designed Incheon Airport and is currently overseeing the $ 1.5 billion modernization of Los Angeles Airport , finds it would be more accurate to view it as a mini city . "  While it 's true there is more shopping than ever in today 's airports , there 's also more dining , more entertainment , and more culture , " he says . "  For those who travel constantly , airports are the new hometown . " Delta Airlines have been particularly keen to upgrade the airport experience at their terminals . To date , they 've invested $ 1.2 billion in their new terminal at New York 's JFK airport  set to open in May  , and $ 160 million to spruce up their LaGuardia presence . According to Gail Grimmett , the senior vice president for Delta in New York , their aim is to make traveling more comfortable , but also , to provide a taste of the city beyond the airport walls . To accomplish this , Delta threw out all the fast food outlets that are often de rigueur , and replaced them with restaurants helmed by the New York City culinary elite , including alumni from such notable city venues as Balthazar , Morimoto and the Brooklyn Brewery . "  We wanted to provide a true New York experience , " she explains . Read more : A new generation of airport hotels The airline has also been a leader in using technology to upgrade the passenger experience . At both their LaGuardia and JFK terminals , Delta has introduced iPads at departure gates and in a handful of restaurants . Passengers can use the devices to read the paper , or order food and retail goods directly to their seats . "  When you walk through the airport , the whole vibe is different , " notes Grimmett . "  Even on days when it 's raining , or flights are delayed , there 's such a sense of serenity , because we 've given people what they want while their waiting : good food , a comfortable place to sit , and the ability to plug in and do work . " Grimmett notes that since adding these features , Delta 's customer satisfaction scores "  have skyrocketed . " Of course , it was only a matter of time before other airports followed suit . Dallas Fort Worth was one of the first airports to create a mobile app that can help users find a parking space , check out the nearest concessions , and use GPS to map the closest stores and food outlets . "  We 're a really user-friendly airport , which is a challenge , given we 're huge ; we 're the size of Manhattan , " says Vega . The upgraded experience is just as beneficial for the airports , whose income is increasingly made up of cash pulled in from retail , food and any other source not directly related to flight . Fentress figures that within a few years , "  the majority of airport revenue will be non-aeronautical . " Tell us what your favorite airport are , and why , in the comments , below .	Increasingly , airports are being defined by their amenities Golf courses , movie theaters , art galleries can be found at international airports Passengers at Dallas Fort Worth International Airport can stretch in a yoga studio between flights . At LaGuardia , Delta have installed restaurants helmed by New York 's culinary elite
Rolling Stone  -- Though a native New Yorker , Neil Diamond has become an inspirational figure in the city of Boston 's recovery from the bombings at the Boston Marathon last week . Diamond 's "  Sweet Caroline " is a staple at the Red Sox ' Fenway Park , and Saturday he made national news by being a surprise guest there to lead the crowd in a rousing rendition of the singalong at the team 's first home game since the bombings . With the singer already in the midst of penning new material , he tells Rolling Stone he 's been moved to write about the tragedy . "  I 'm writing now and obviously affected by this situation in Boston , so I 'm writing about it just to express myself , " he says . Watch : Neil Diamond Leads ` Sweet Caroline ' Singalong at Fenway The Boston Marathon bombing was the most recent in a series of tragedies including the shootings in Aurora , Colorado , and Newtown , Connecticut . The unnamed song from the Rock and Roll Hall of Famer will cover more than just the events in Boston . "  It 's like an infestation , and I 'm writing about the general situation , not just about this bombing in Boston , but what we 're going through with all of these tragedies -- shootings and so on and so forth , " he says . ` Sweet Caroline ' Plays at Ballparks Nationwide in Boston Tribute While there 's no timeline for the release of the song or new material , Diamond has the song on the fast track . When we spoke to him at the end of the week he said , "  I spent the whole day recording it and I will spend tomorrow recording it . With a little bit of help from the man upstairs , I 'll have it finished by the weekend . " Following his back-to-back collaborations with Rick Rubin  2005 's 12 Songs and 2008 's chart-topping Home Before Dark  , Diamond has released a Christmas album , which included three original tunes , and the covers collection Dreams . But he has n't released predominantly original studio material since the Rubin collections . See the original article at Rolling Stone . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Neil Diamond says he 's been moved to write about the Boston Marathon bombing Diamond 's "  Sweet Caroline " is a staple at Boston 's Fenway Park There 's no timeline for the release of the song or new material
Washington  CNN  -- Texas Republican Congressman Roger Williams was especially stunned as he sat in school on November 22 , 1963 , and heard President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas . Earlier that morning , he stood outside the Fort Worth Hotel with his mother and shook the President 's hand right before he got on a plane and flew to Dallas . "  I literally was the last person to shake his hand as he left the hotel , " Williams told CNN . He was 14 years old at the time . Now a 64-year-old freshman member of the House of Representatives , Williams sat in his Capitol Hill office on Wednesday and recounted in vivid detail the day he said he would never forget , and a moment that would later spark his own interest in public service . Boy who witnessed JFK assassination recalls the day "  It was pouring rain , it was cold on November 22nd , " Williams said , describing the morning he headed to a breakfast for the President and the first lady at the Fort Worth Hotel . Williams and his mother sat inside the ballroom with 1,000 others . He told CNN he recalls seeing Mrs. Kennedy 's "  bright pink suit " and listening to the President talk about the economy , the need for a strong military , and his idea for a man to reach the moon . His father , Jack Williams , an owner of car dealerships , was asked by his friend Jim Wright , the Democratic congressman from the area , to supply several cars for the President 's motorcade for his visit to Fort Worth . In return for his help , Williams ' father asked Wright if his wife and son could meet the President . After the speech , he and his mother were approached by someone and ushered to the front of the hotel where Jacqueline Kennedy emerged . "  She came around the corner in that pink dress and she shook my mother 's hand and shook my hand and stood right next to me . " Williams said . But then the "  moment : " Williams says the President appeared , took a puff of his cigar , discarded it , and then grasped his mother 's hand and turned to him . "  He came to me and shook my hand and did not let it go , and looked back at my mother and said ` It was a pleasure to meet your son . ' " Kennedy then left for Dallas . 50 years on , the enduring lessons of JFK 's presidency Williams remembers wanting to know what kind of shoes the President of the United States would wear , and inspected them that morning , describing them as "  black cat toe shoes . " After he met Kennedy , his mother took him to school . Later as he sat in Latin class , the principal handed his teacher a note , and Williams watched as his teacher 's head fell to his desk and he wept . "  I could n't fathom it frankly because I had just seen him an hour and half ago , " Williams said . The Texas Republican said after Kennedy was killed "  the world changed . " His generation was never the same and the country shifted from a "  happy society " to one that experienced a series of events like the shootings at Kent State and the assassination of Robert Kennedy . An emotional Williams told CNN , "  John Kennedy -- he touched my heart and soul . " JFK assassination a collective memory for American children Though he 's now an ideological opposite of the Democratic president he praised and admired , Williams said meeting Kennedy was part of his journey to run for office . "  It eventually empowered me to do something for my country , like he did , " recalling Kennedy 's famous line from his inauguration speech , "  Ask not what your country can do for you , but what you can do for your country . " Williams played baseball for the Atlanta Braves after college . But after an injury , he followed his father into the car business , running a string of dealerships in Texas . He became involved in politics when George W. Bush served as governor of Texas . He later served as Texas secretary of state under Gov. Rick Perry . 5 things you might not know about JFK 's assassination He admits his conservative leanings differ from JFK 's , but Williams believes he has a lot in common politically with things Kennedy pushed in office , citing tax cuts , a strong military , and a message that the U.S. is the dominant world power . Kennedy 's great nephew , Massachusetts Democratic Rep. Joe Kennedy III , was elected in the same class as Williams . The Congressman told CNN he 's talked to Kennedy about other experiences but never what it was like to meet his great uncle that day 50 years ago . After telling his story of November 22 , 1963 , he said , "  I think I 'm going to reach out to him and just kind of let him know my story . "	' I literally was the last person to shake his hand as he left the hotel , " Texas congressman recalls Williams ' father had lent cars from his dealership for presidential motorcade through Fort Worth In return , Williams and his mother got to meet the president and first lady ` John Kennedy -- he touched my heart and soul , ' and emotional Williams says
CNN  -- A former member of Mexico 's Tijuana Cartel was shot and killed in the popular Cabo tourist area , authorities said . Francisco Rafael Arellano Felix was shot Friday night at a "  party venue " at a beachfront hotel in Cabo San Lucas on the Baja California peninsula , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . The agency said authorities received some reports that the attack was carried out by two men , one of whom may have been dressed as a clown . Arellano Felix , 63 , was killed by gunfire to the head , according to a statement by the deputy attorney 's special investigations unit . Arellano Felix had served time in prisons in Mexico and the United States , Notimex said . He was released from an American prison in 2008 on a conviction for selling cocaine . Authorities said there were no pending criminal charges against him . The U.S. Justice Department has said the Tijuana Cartel , which was responsible for kidnappings and murders in addition to drug and gun offenses , was run by members of the Arellano Felix family . As of mid-2013 , three members of the family were in American prisons . Another was killed in a shootout with police in 2002 . State and military forces erected roadblocks in a search for the gunmen , but no arrests had been made Saturday night , Notimex reported . Police find stash of 213 grenades buried in El Salvador Mexico arrests alleged leader of kidnapping cell Mexico arrests ` Ugly Betty , ' alleged leader of New Juarez Cartel CNN 's Claudia Dominguez contributed to this article .	Francisco Rafael Arellano Felix was former member of Tijuana Cartel Reports : Two men opened fire in "  party venue , " one possibly dressed as clown Arellano Felix had served time in prison in Mexico and the United States Drug cartel has been involved in murders and kidnappings
An American cameraman working for NBC News in Liberia has tested positive for Ebola , the network reported Thursday . He will return to the United States for treatment . The freelance cameraman , Ashoka Mukpo , 33 , was hired Tuesday and came down with symptoms on Wednesday , NBC News reported . Liberian President : Patient 's leaving for U.S. was ` unpardonable ' "  We are doing everything we can to get him the best care possible . He will be flown back to the United States for treatment at a medical center that is equipped to handle Ebola patients , " NBC News President Deborah Turness reportedly said in a note to staff . "  We are also taking all possible measures to protect our employees and the general public , " she said . According to NBC News , he was hired to be a second cameraman for Dr. Nancy Snyderman , NBC News chief medical editor and correspondent . How the Ebola virus spreads "  The rest of the crew , including Dr. Nancy , are being closely monitored and show no symptoms or warning signs . However , in an abundance of caution , we will fly them back on a private charter flight and then they will place themselves under quarantine in the United States for 21 days -- which is at the most conservative end of the spectrum of medical guidance , " Turness said in her note . Your Ebola questions answered The cameraman is believed to be the fourth American stricken by the disease while in Liberia . Dr. Rick Sacra , Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol all contracted the disease while working in the country . Each has recovered . Complete coverage on Ebola	Cameraman is believed to be the fourth American stricken while in Liberia He will return to the United States for treatment The freelance cameraman , 33 , was hired Tuesday , the network reports
Tokyo  CNN  -- Radiation readings near tanks holding toxic water at Japan 's crippled nuclear power plant have jumped to a new high , the plant operator said Wednesday . Tokyo Electric Power Company , which has been struggling to deal with a series of leaks at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , said it detected a radiation level of 2,200 millisieverts near the tanks on Tuesday . That 's up from a previous high of 1,800 millisieverts on Saturday . Those levels , detected around the same tank , are strong enough to kill an unprotected person within hours . But TEPCO said the type of radiation is easy to shield against . How did we get to this point ? The announcement of the increased reading came a day after the Japanese government officially stepped into the effort to deal with the contaminated water crisis at the Fukushima plant , which was severely damaged by the massive earthquake and tsunami that struck northeast Japan in March 2011 . The government said Tuesday that it would spend the equivalent of $ 470 million on measures that included an ambitious plan to freeze the ground surrounding the plant 's stricken reactors to prevent the contamination of groundwater at the site . TEPCO has accumulated a vast volume of tainted water in roughly 1,000 huge storage tanks at the site , some of them hastily assembled in the aftermath of the tsunami . More leaks feared at Fukushima And the amount of radioactive water at the plant keeps growing day by day , as groundwater seeps in and the company pumps liquid around the damaged reactors to keep them cool . Last month , TEPCO said one of the tanks at the site had leaked 300 tons of toxic water , prompting Japan 's nuclear regulator to declare the situation a Level 3 serious incident , its gravest assessment since the reactor meltdowns at the plant in 2011 . TEPCO looks for outside help to stabilize crippled Fukushima nuclear plant The nuclear watchdog , the Nuclear Regulation Authority , said this week that the recent high radiation readings have raised suspicions of more leaks from other water containers . TEPCO said Wednesday that it had n't found any leaks from this tank and that the cause of the high radiation reading was under investigation . Japan fed up with ` whack-a-mole ' approach to Fukushima	TEPCO says it measured radiation of 2,200 millisieverts at the plant The reading came from near a tank holding contaminated water The previous highest reading around that tank was 1,800 millisieverts on Saturday Those levels are strong enough to kill an unprotected person within hours
Moscow  CNN  -- Three suicide bombings Tuesday night in Grozny killed nine people and wounded 20 , Russian officials said Wednesday . The Russian Investigative Committee said the bodies of two of the attackers have been identified . They were both Chechens , born in 1989 and 1990 , the committee said . In an emergency video conference with the country 's top police officers Wednesday , Russian Interior Minister Rashid Nurgaliyev gave the casualty figures for what he called the "  cruel terrorist act . " President Dmitry Medvedev instructed Nurgaliyev to conduct a thorough investigation and render all possible assistance to the families of the dead and the injured , the Kremlin reported on its website . The first blast occurred when police tried to arrest a suspect , who then triggered a bomb , Chechen police said . Two more blasts occurred shortly thereafter , almost simultaneously , when police and onlookers had gathered at the scene of the first blast , police said . Among the dead were seven policemen , one person from the Emergencies Ministry and a civilian , Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . The wounded included 16 police , one person from the Investigative Committee and three civilians . Rebels in Chechnya started out fighting for independence in the 1990s , but in recent years the fight has been aimed more at imposing Islamist rule and asserting their authority in the area . The standard of living in the southwestern republic is poor compared with the rest of Russia . Unemployment is rampant and infant mortality is high . In addition , the Chechen population of about 1 million is mostly made up of Sunni Muslims , who maintain a distinctly separate cultural and linguistic identity from Russian Orthodox Christians . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Two blasts took place almost simultaneously shortly after the first , Chechen police say Russia 's interior minister calls it a "  cruel terrorist act " Nine were killed , 20 were wounded , Russian officials say
CNN  -- While U.S. sports fans were coming to terms with the news that glamor girl Lindsey Vonn would miss the Winter Olympics , the woman who could again prove to be the nation 's skiing sweetheart was relaxing on a beach . Vonn had been ruled out of a trip to Sochi by a serious knee injury , and things were n't going well for Julia Mancuso either . Frustrated by a difficult start to the World Cup season , the three-time Olympic medalist had escaped the cold to regroup at her Hawaii hideout . While her rivals were fine-tuning their technique on the slopes , she was bedecked in a bikini and plunging into the clear waters that surround Maui . "  It 's definitely alternative but it 's what I needed , " Mancuso told CNN . "  It felt good . I 'd had equipment issues and had been changing ski boots all the time . So for one I just decided to stick with one ski boot and that 's the decision , that 's great . "  Part of it , is that when things go wrong , you think of everything possible is wrong , like the boots or whatever . "  I went back home and sure I had some concerns . But I got my head round it . " The break helped -- since returning on January 11 , Mancuso has managed her first three top-10 finishes of the season and been confirmed in the U.S. team for Sochi alongside 18-year-old sensation Mikaela Shiffrin , who is already a world champion in the slalom discipline . "  I 'm ready , I 'm in a good place and I still feel I can get medals in Sochi , multiple medals in my three events , " Mancuso says , brimming with confidence . "  It just depends how the days go . What I 've learned in my career is that anything is possible . In Sochi , it will just depend how the days go . " Mancuso , who won giant slalom gold in 2006 and two silvers in 2010 , is used overcoming mixed performances in her Olympic buildups . Before Turin , she only hit form on the eve of the Games and triumphed despite knee pain , while come Vancouver she had not managed a top-three finish in a World Cup event for two years because of back problems . "  What I 've done in the Olympics for sure gives me great confidence , " she admits . "  But I do n't plan on suddenly doing that just because I 'm at an Olympics . "  I 'm just trying the best I can in every race . I do n't think there 's any secret . Sometimes things do n't go your way and sometimes they do . " Four years ago , she finished second in the downhill behind Vonn at Whistler -- but could n't get within half a minute of her teammate 's winning time despite making "  the run of my life . " Last March , she took third place at the world championships in the Super-G race where Vonn earlier crashed and tore her knee ligaments . They are both the same age -- 29 -- but Mancuso has been unable to match Vonn 's incredible consistency on the World Cup circuit , which has brought her six overall titles and 59 race wins . "  I 'd be lying if I said Lindsey not being there  at Sochi  does n't help , " Mancuso says . "  It 's been so tough for her this year with her injury and not knowing whether she would compete . But as a competitor it 's definitely one less rival for me . "  Look at Vancouver . I had the run of my life . I was a second quicker than the next girl and Lindsey was still better . So this is obviously a huge opportunity for me . " Without Vonn in her way in the downhill , life is certainly easier . The pair have had their ups and downs in the past but there has always been a mutual respect between them , and they had been training together until Vonn 's latest setback . "  She can be so consistent and that 's incredible , " says Mancuso . "  Because of that , she 's such a great athlete . " Despite Vonn 's absence , Mancuso says she does n't feel any added pressure to perform . "  I want to help inspire and I think the other American girls can do really well . We just need to be supportive , " she says . "  The pressure is before getting to Sochi , making sure everything is aligned . When I get to Sochi , I 'll relax . I 'll have no fear as everything will work out how it 's supposed to . " The Olympics have been dangled in front of her as long as she can remember , the signs still standing on the slopes at Squaw Valley where she learned to ski -- and which hosted the 1960 Winter Games . Her upbringing in the Lake Tahoe area was far from normal . At the age of five , her father Ciro was arrested and sentenced to nine years in prison for his part in a $ 140 million cannabis smuggling racket . He ended up serving two terms of 17 months and four years -- the latter starting in 1995 after he and Mancuso 's mother Andrea had divorced . It is a moment she says "  helped me focus on skiing , it 's all I wanted to do after that point . " Despite the disruption to her family life , she has managed to move on . "  I love to have fun in my life in whatever I do and whatever life brings , whether that 's on the ski slopes or designing underwear , " says Mancuso , who launched her own own lingerie line in 2010 . "  I just want to have fun . I want to smile a lot and bring smiles . " Her dad will be there to watch her in Sochi , as he did in Turin . As will her younger sister Sara , a musician who also competes in the free-skiing big-mountain competitions -- she is likely to be in a neck brace after breaking two vertebrae in her back in a recent fall . Mancuso says she has "  no idea " if Sochi will be her last Olympics -- for now she 's just enjoying being back in the groove . "  I do n't love it necessarily when I get to races , but then you get in the gate and I want to go faster , " she says . "  It 's fun again , it 's all about how you feel . And I guess that 's the adrenalin-junkie side of me . I still love it , but sometimes you have to fight to find that sweet spot . "  When it 's easy , it 's the easiest thing in the world as it feels right . But when you 're struggling , you 're searching for answers . "  I 'm thankful for the success I 've had over the years . It 's been awesome . "	Julia Mancuso is hoping to fill the Winter Olympics void left by the injured Lindsey Vonn The 29-year-old won a gold medal in 2006 and two silvers at Vancouver 2010 Her alternative Sochi preparations have involved escaping to Hawaii mid-season From a rough start -- her dad was jailed for drug smuggling -- she has made it to the top
Opening statements in the trial of actress Nicollette Sheridan 's claim that her "  Desperate Housewives " character was killed off because she complained about mistreatment by the TV show 's creator were delayed Wednesday morning as the judge considered an evidence dispute . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Elizabeth Allen White tossed reporters from the courtroom while she heard arguments over whether the jury should hear conversations that may have been protected by attorney-client privilege . Once lawyers deliver their openings to the jury , Sheridan is expected to testify in her wrongful termination lawsuit against series creator-producer-writer Marc Cherry and ABC . Several of Sheridan 's former cast mates -- including Eva Longoria , Marcia Cross , James Denton , Felicity Huffman and Neal McDonough -- are on the list of witnesses expected to defend Cherry . The suit contends that Cherry created "  a hostile work environment " from the show 's beginning in 2004 . "  Cherry has a reputation for behaving in an extremely abusive and aggressive manner toward the individuals who work on the show , and is known for regularly demeaning the writers and staff in front of others on the show , including Sheridan , " the suit says . Cherry focused his hostility on Sheridan in the fifth season when "  Cherry consistently behaved in a dismissive , demeaning and unprofessional manner toward Sheridan , not only in front of the other cast and crew on the show , but before the public at large , " it says . This "  hostility and aggression toward Sheridan culminated " on the set of the show on September 24 , 2008 , the suit says . The suit alleges that "  during a rehearsal for the show , when Sheridan questioned Cherry about something that was in the script , Cherry took her aside and forcefully hit her with his hand across her face and head . " Sheridan complained to ABC executives about the September 2008 incident , but "  nevertheless , Cherry 's abusive and aggressive behavior towards Sheridan not only persisted , it worsened , " the suit contends . "  He continued to behave in a derisive and condescending manner toward Sheridan . " Eleven episodes later , in March 2009 , her character , Edie Britt , was electrocuted after a car crash , ending Sheridan 's employment on the series . Defense lawyers argue that Cherry "  lightly tapped her head in giving her direction for a scene , " and "  the decision that the character of Edie would die was made before the incident and was primarily a creative decision . " Sheridan 's lawyers contend it is "  exceptionally unusual for a popular character to be killed off or written out of a television series unless the actor has requested to be released from his or her contract . " Sheridan lost at least $ 20 million by missing out on the last three seasons , the suit says . Her pay was to be $ 250,000 for each episode in the eighth year , which is the final season for the series , it said . Lawyers estimated in court filings that testimony in the trial could last more than two weeks .	Nicollette Sheridan claims show creator-producer Marc Cherry hit her during a 2008 rehearsal Cherry killed off her "  Desperate Housewives " character 11 episodes later , her suit contends Cherry says he just "  lightly tapped her head " and killing Edie Britt was "  a creative decision " Eva Longoria , Marcia Cross , James Denton and Felicity Huffman are on witness list
Little Rock , Arkansas  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton is the prohibitive favorite for the Democrats ' presidential nomination in 2016 . And there are countless political operatives with opinions on how she should run her all-but-certain campaign . That combination has led to tons of unsolicited advice thrown at the former secretary of state , some of it counter intuitive and a lot of contradictory . Here are the five pieces of unsolicited advice being volleyed regularly at Hillary Clinton : 1 .  Run from Obama President Barack Obama took most of the blame for Democrats ' losses on Nov. 4 . So shortly after Election Day , a cacophony of anonymous allies were telling Clinton to run away from the president she served under for four years . "  She is not President Obama . Let 's not forget , they were a team of rivals , " one ally told The Hill . "  Now is the time to further enunciate these differences . " Clinton allies expressed similar sentiments to CNN . The thinking goes that if the president is unpopular , Clinton should start distance herself now , as opposed to months down the road when it may be harder . 2 .  Run to Obama Clinton allies have also been telling reporters that because Republican pickups in Senate create a larger target for both her and the President , it would make sense for them to join forces . "  President Obama 's legacy is now entirely dependent on the election of a Democratic successor as president who will protect and extend it , not demolish it , " David Brock , the chairman of a pro-Clinton super PAC , told the Washington Post . "  Should she run , they both now have a common enemy in a Republican Congress that will define politics through 2016 . " Simon Rosenberg , the president of the New Democrat Network , echoed Brock in the same Washington Post story . "  Looking ahead to 2016 , I think it would be wise for the entire party , but particularly its presidential aspirants , to learn the lesson of -LSB- Al -RSB- Gore 2000 and the 2014 midterms , " Rosenberg said , referencing two elections where Democrats ran away from their own president . "  You can not run away from the president of your party . " 3 .  Find a rationale David Axelrod , President Barack Obama senior political adviser who at one point was hell bent on beating Hillary Clinton , told an audience in Washington , D.C. on Thursday that in order to win in 2016 , Hillary Clinton needs to "  not rely too much on that we do have an electoral vote advantage and demographic advantages . " Instead , Axelrod argued that Clinton need to find a rationale for her campaign , and do it quickly . "  I think the danger for Secretary Clinton is that , as was the case in 2007 , her candidacy is out in front of the rationale for it , " Axelrod said , urging the former secretary of state to get out of the "  cocoon of inevitability . " 4 .  Deal with your baggage Rudy Giuliani visited Politico on Wednesday , and the former presidential candidate revealed he had his own advice for Hillary Clinton . "  She 's a candidate who , with her baggage , can be beaten by the right candidate who handles it the right way and by the right campaign who handles it the right way , " the former New York City mayor said . "  As a first lady she tried one thing and failed , " he added , referencing her push to pass universal healthcare early in her husband 's first presidential term . 5 .  Ride the populist wave Robert Reich , a Clinton cabinet official from the 90s and friend to both Bill and Hillary , told MSNBC that in order to win in 2016 , the former first lady needed to focus on economic populism far more than her husband did in his presidential runs . Reich said that Bill Clinton got away by "  alluding " to issues like economic inequality and the decline of the middle class . For Hillary , on the other hand , "  it 's got to be central . " "  Now the situation has changed , " he said . Clinton has been using populist rhetoric in her speeches and regularly focused on minimum wage and economic inequality while stumping for candidates in 2014 .	Hillary Clinton is the presumptive front-runner for Democrats in the 2016 presidential election Pundits from both parties have gone public with their advice for her possible bid The unsolicited advice often contradicts other suggestions she 's received
CNN  -- James Dobson , the influential evangelical leader of the Christian ministry Focus on the Family , has stepped down as board chairman , he announced Friday . James Dobson is expected to stay in his public role as an advocate for socially conservative issues . During a meeting with employees , Dobson , 72 , said the move means he will no longer be involved with the administrative side of the organization , according to spokesman Gary Schneeberger . But Dobson 's public role is n't expected to change . He 'll still appear on his daily radio broadcast and as an advocate for socially conservative issues , Schneeberger said . "  There wo n't be a whole lot of difference , " the spokesman said . "  You 'll still hear him on the radio . You 'll still see him on the networks like CNN with Larry King . "  He said to the staff today , ` I 've got more to say -- I 'm not ready to stop fighting for the things I 've fought for for the past 32 years . ' " Founded in 1977 , Focus on the Family is a nonprofit organization devoted to what it considers Christian family values , with Dobson 's daily program geared largely toward advice on parenting from a religious perspective . But in recent years the ministry , like Dobson himself , has become more active in promoting social and political views . Last year , Dobson caused a huge political stir when he announced he "  can not and will not " vote for Republican nominee Sen. John McCain . He later changed his tune , after McCain 's pick of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his running mate , calling her selection "  one of the most exciting days of my life , " on the syndicated Dennis Prager Show . Dobson has gained widespread attention again with his criticisms of a 2006 speech by now-President Barack Obama on his religious views . He accused Obama of "  deliberately distorting the traditional understanding of the Bible to fit his own worldview , his own confused theology . " That led to a backlash . A group of ministers started an online petition , James Dobson Does n't Speak for Me , that drew more than 12,000 signatures . Kirbyjon Caldwell , pastor of Houston , Texas ' Windsor Village United Methodist Church , led that effort . "  Dr. Dobson has made a tremendous contribution to the spiritual and social fiber of this country . I 've always said that and will continue to say it although , obviously , we have not always agreed , " Caldwell said Friday . "  The fabric of the evangelical community here in America is very strong . One or two disagreements here and there are surely not going to cause the community to tear apart at the fringes . " Dobson has spoken out loudly against abortion rights and gay marriage and even weighed in on the Harry Potter fantasy series , with a statement on the group 's Web site denouncing the books ' "  trend toward witchcraft and New Age ideology . " "  He built his media empire around , sort of , parenting and family issues and he has since used his audience and his media presence to push a political agenda , " said Peter Montgomery , a senior fellow with the liberal People for the American Way , which advocates , among other things , for the separation of church and state . "  In the last several election cycles , he 's constantly complained that the Republican Party is n't far enough to the right and sort of has a habit of saying he 's going to take his followers and walk if they do n't do more to push his agenda , " Montgomery said . Focus on the Family says its broadcasts reach more than 220 million people in 155 countries . Its newsletter , in which Dobson will continue to write , goes to 1.6 million people . Dobson 's announcement that he and his wife , National Day of Prayer Chairwoman Shirley Dobson , are stepping down from the board of directors comes six years after he resigned as the ministry 's executive director . "  One of the common errors of founder-presidents is to hold the reins of leadership too long , thereby preventing the next generation from being prepared for executive authority ... , " Dobson said in a written release . "  Though letting go is difficult after three decades of intensive labor , it is the wise thing to do . " Montgomery , whose group has been critical of what it calls an "  assault on Americans ' liberties " by Focus on the Family , said it 's unclear how influential the group will be when Dobson is no longer its public face . While Dobson is the personality that drives the ministry , Focus on the Family has a vast communication and fundraising infrastructure that could continue to make it a player in social and political issues for years to come , he said . In the meantime , Montgomery said , he does n't expect Dobson 's influence to wane because of the behind-the-scenes changes . "  He 's still a rock star among conservative religious activists , " he said .	NEW : "  He 's still a rock star among conservative religious activists , " scholar says NEW : Dobson has spoken out against abortion rights , gay marriage , Harry Potter Dobson , 72 , tells employees he wo n't be involved with ministry 's administration Dobson still expected to remain in public role , be conservative advocate
CNN  -- Despite reports this week of a return to normalcy on the Egyptian street , the situation on the ground is anything but : Protests continue while statements from the nation 's leaders have served only to maintain or even stoke the tinderbox status of negotiations . Demonstrations , which Human Rights Watch says have killed more than 300 people , continued for a 16th day in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . "  Nothing will make this regime go unless we keep on coming and keep on coming , " said Dalia , a protester there who did not give her last name . Another group of protesters tried to prevent the army from breaking up a demonstration at the parliament building in Cairo , and in the northern city of Port Said , state-run TV reported that Egyptians upset over the distribution of land and houses attacked a governor 's building . What the protesters want is simple : the end of a regime that has ruled them sternly for three decades . President Hosni Mubarak has refused to step down but has reshuffled his Cabinet and promised he would not run for re-election . Vice President Omar Suleiman has said the government will address press freedoms and the release of detainees . Also , he said on state TV , a committee has been authorized to hammer out constitutional amendments that will permit free , fair and competitive elections . The Muslim Brotherhood , Egypt 's largest opposition group , responded that the concessions fell short and that the government was attempting to divide the opposition with its announcements . Watch what might be the ` new normal ' in Egypt "  That 's not good enough , " Mohammed Habib , a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood , said of Suleiman 's announcement . "  The first thing that the regime should do is for the president to leave . " The group , which is officially banned in Egypt because of its religious agenda , has rejected the notion of a religious state , saying it wants to participate in forming a democratic government . "  We are not seeking power , " said Mohammed Morsi of the Brotherhood 's media office . Observers say that while Mubarak 's ouster is one of the protesters ' key demands , the constitution would need a massive overhaul -- not a few tweaks -- because it is seen as a tool for keeping Mubarak 's National Democratic Party in power . Parliament would also need to be dissolved because the 2010 elections were widely viewed as illegitimate , analysts say . Anti-government protesters do not trust the process , said Sherief Gaber , an Egyptian-American protester who feels that Suleiman and Mubarak 's promises are "  a false act of contrition on behalf of what 's effectively the same government it was two weeks ago . " Watch another Egyptian-American 's take on the crisis Police who had largely stood down when the military hit the streets last week are again arresting and harassing protesters , creating a climate of fear , Gaber said . "  I think that this is simply a change of tactics on behalf of the regime , to move from just violence toward the everyday repression that 's been going on for years and years and years , and they 're hoping to just asphyxiate the protests that way , " he said . Disappointment with Suleiman and Mubarak was also evident in Washington . Vice President Joe Biden has told his Egyptian counterpart that he wanted to see "  immediate , irreversible progress " and said the government should quit beating and harassing journalists , lift the country 's emergency law and bring a wide range of opposition groups into the national dialogue . Watch why the U.S. is growing frustrated White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs also expressed concern that Suleiman would not rescind the martial law that has given Mubarak sweeping powers for years . Gibbs took particular issue with Suleiman 's claim that Egypt was not ready for democracy . "  I do n't think that in any way squares with what those seeking greater opportunity and freedom think is a timetable for progress , " he said . Sameh Shoukry , Egypt 's ambassador to the U.S. , said the emergency decree would be lifted "  when it was possible in terms of the security dangers that exist . " Watch how the reports from media , government do n't always jibe There are now growing concerns that Suleiman is not on the same page as the White House , said Michele Dunne , a Middle East expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  Up till now , the Obama administration was saying that this had to be a negotiated transition that the Egyptian government had to deal with the opposition and that the opposition had to be a partner , so to speak , in this transition , " she said . "  What Suleiman is offering now is not that at all . " As the Muslim Brotherhood has alleged , there are signs that the opposition groups are splintering . Most notably , Amre Moussa , the Arab League secretary general , who stood with the protesters last week , now says Mubarak should be allowed to stay until his term ends in September . Read how the Brotherhood sees itself participating in democracy "  The danger at the moment is that this opposition , which a few days ago seemed to unite , is now being divided , " said Cairo-based analyst Issandr El Amrani . "  The regime is using its tried-and-true tactic of divide and conquer . " If nothing else , this week brought the matter of who might lead the opposition into better focus . The question was continually raised when the protests first erupted . And despite heavy media focus on Mohamed ElBaradei , it 's unclear whether the former International Atomic Energy Agency chief wields the necessary influence . Now , not only is the Muslim Brotherhood , which held 88 seats in parliament before boycotting runoff elections last year , saying it wants to participate , but Google executive Wael Ghonim has emerged as a face of the revolution . Read what Ghonim demanded of ` heroic Egyptians ' Snatched off the streets of Cairo by security forces last month and freed this week , the Dubai-based marketing executive administered a Facebook page in honor of slain activist Khaled Said , which is credited with kicking off the demonstrations . Ghonim has said he does n't agree with the Brotherhood 's ideologies but described them as "  good Egyptians " and said the group is "  not as bad and evil " as it has been made out to be . Ghonim has shunned assertions that he is a hero and has said he is "  ready to die " for change . Though he has called for Mubarak to be treated with dignity , he has also demanded the dissolution of the president 's party . From a makeshift stage in Tahrir Square on Tuesday , his words inspired protesters to began chanting his mantra . "  This country is our country , and everyone has a right to this country , " he told the crowd . "  You have a voice in this country . This is not the time for conflicting ideas or factions or ideologies . This is the time for us to say one thing only : ` Egypt is above all else . ' " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Caroline Faraj , Barbara Starr , Frederik Pleitgen , Ivan Watson , Candy Crowley , Moni Basu and Eliot Spitzer contributed to this report .	Announcement that Hosni Mubarak will not step down renews rage on the street Observers , protesters say government concessions aimed at dividing protesters Washington expresses frustration , demands "  immediate , irreversible progress " in situation Perceived leadership void being filled by Muslim Brotherhood , jailed Google executive
CNN  -- Italian football champions AC Milan have announced that Antonio Cassano will undergo heart surgery , after the striker was hospitalized following last weekend 's 3-2 win against Roma . The Italy international fell ill after Saturday 's match at the Stadio Olimpico , with a statement from the seven-time European champions on Wednesday confirming the 29-year-old experienced "  ischemic cerebral damage . " The condition was caused by a malformation in Cassano 's heart , resulting in poor blood flow to the brain -- which can lead to possible vision , movement and speech restrictions . Milan said he suffered no lasting neurological damage but will now face months on the sidelines . Messi treble puts Barca into the last 16 "  AC Milan , according to medical reports of the Policlinico in Milan , have said that Antonio Cassano has experienced ischemic cerebral damage , " read the statement on the 18-time Serie A title winners ' official website . "  The cause was identified as the presence of a patent foramen ovale septal heart , detectable only with sophisticated specialized investigations . The timing of therapy established has allowed a rapid recovery and improvement of clinical conditions . "  In the coming days the player will undergo a small surgical interventional cardiology  closure of the foramen ovale  . The recovery time for return to playing will be better defined after the surgery , but probably will be a few months . " In Cassano 's absence , the Rossoneri ensured their progression into the last 16 of the European Champions League on Tuesday with a 1-1 draw at BATE Borisov of Belarus . Ghana midfielder Kevin Prince Boateng revealed a shirt with Cassano 's name and number on it after striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic gave Massimiliano Allegri 's side a first-half lead . Midfielder Renan Bressan later equalized for BATE from the penalty spot , but a point was enough to ensure Milan 's place in the knockout stages . An often controversial figure , Cassano began his career with hometown club Bari before making a big-money move to Roma as a teenager in 2001 . After five years in the Italian capital he switched to Spain with nine-time European champions Real Madrid . Following an unhappy spell ruined by injury and a falling-out with coach Fabio Capello , Cassano returned home to Sampdoria in 2008 after a season 's loan before joining Milan in January this year -- a move prompted by another dispute , this time with the Genoa side 's chairman Riccardo Garrone . He will be hoping to recover in time to be part of Cesare Prandelli 's Italy squad for next year 's European Championship in Poland and Ukraine , which starts in June 2012 .	AC Milan 's Antonio Cassano will undergo heart surgery The striker was taken ill after Saturday 's 3-2 win over Roma The Italy international has been diagnosed with a heart condition Cassano , 29 , will now face months on the sidelines
CNN  -- If you 're not already celebrating at your local comic book store or glued to Oxygen 's 10-hour marathon of "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " re-runs , then maybe you do n't know . Today is Buffy Anne Summers ' 30th birthday . "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " has survived through one feature length film , a cult television series and a comic book . Still a fan favorite and no stranger to controversy , Joss Whedon 's influential franchise about a teenage girl who just happened to be naturally good at killing vampires is still inspiring fans . Buffy 's birthday is reason for them to celebrate . There was a moment in the episode "  The Gift , " which aired in 2001 , when fans certainly did n't think this powerful girl would make it to 30 . That 's because Buffy took a swan-dive into a magical vortex from hell and died . At the end of the episode her gravestone is shown , marking her life from 1981 until 2001 with the epitaph , "  She saved the world a lot . "  She was resurrected the next season , when the show moved from the now defunct WB network to UPN . Few who are aware of the "  Buffyverse " would argue with that . Buffy saved the world from plenty of "  big bads , " like vampires , demons and witches , but she did something pretty heroic for the people who tuned in every week to watch her adventures , too . "  The show  really brought a lot of nerdy girls out of their shell , " said Andrea Carlson , 27 , a dedicated Buffy fan who works for the state of Minnesota . "  It did make it more acceptable to be a female who was into more unconventional sides of society . And I think a lot of guys were suddenly like , ` Hey , these nerd girls are really cute ! ' Instead of just being the best friend , now we 're more accepted as almost sex symbols , thanks to that show . " "  Buffy is the sexy , hot chick that 's always slaying everything , but the fact that she has her smart sidekick -- always with the laptop , always researching , I think  the show  did a lot to show that there 's more than one type of girl , " said Janeka Rector , a 32 year old die-hard Buffy fan who works at the University of Texas at Austin as a development specialist . Series writer and "  Buffy " comic book contributor Jane Espenson agreed . She said the show 's central characters  who referred to themselves as the "  Scooby Gang "  gave overt nerdyness "  a lovely coating of coolness and acceptance . " Fans and critics often wondered how a man like Whedon could portray the trials and tribulations of being a teenage girl so accurately . "  We are definitely in tune with our feminine side , " said "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " comic book artist Georges Jeanty of his collaboration with Whedon . "  I do n't think it 's so much a respect for women , but it 's just the acceptance of a human being . " Jeanty said Whedon broke the stereotype of helpless , attractive girls in horror movies with "  Buffy . " "  He just thought , what if , once the monster did catch up to the blond girl who was screaming and running away into the alley , what if that girl then turned around and really started kicking some ass ? " Espenson sees characters like "  Battlestar Gallactica 's "  a sci-fi television show for which she also wrote  Boomer and Starbuck as homages to "  Buffy , " as well as "  Torchwood 's " Gwen Cooper . But attractive actors and strong female characters are n't the only reasons fans continue to follow the franchise . "  You can find certain things in the characters that you , personally , can identify with , " said Kim Frum , a public relations expert for the Maryland state highway system and another Buffy fan . "  Some days I 'm having a "  Willow " day and other days I 'm having a "  Xander " day where nothing goes right , I 'm a complete klutz and I 'm getting knocked in the head all the time , " she said . "  Some days I just want to fall out laughing , and I know exactly where to go back to and watch a certain scene . It 's still fun to watch even if you know the entire series by heart . " Other fans are rewatching the series and blogging about every episode . Another professed fan of "  Buffy " is actress and writer Whit Anderson . She 's been handed the reins to a Warner Bros. "  Buffy " re-boot movie  Warner Bros. , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner  , which has fans and Whedon 's cohorts scratching their heads . Whedon is not involved with the upcoming feature film , and addressed the fact in an open letter on E! online in November 2010 . "  Buffy is very personal for me , " Espenson said , "  but really I 'm just part of a big machine that exists to allow Joss to realize his vision . If there is work being done that is n't being guided by Joss , then I do n't really see that as related to what I do . " "  I 'm dubious about her , " said Rector . "  Maybe she 's like the best writer ever , and she  is writing  something so amazing and clever that we will all sit in awe and forgive her , but it 's really , really hard to think of ` Buffy ' without Joss Whedon . " "  I do n't know what she 's done before , " Dark Horse comics writer and editor Scott Allie said . "  I think it 's kind of lame . People are restarting franchises every five minutes . Restarts are overlapping at this point . " "  It 's weird when the guy that made  Buffy  up and is still really personally involved in the character , for somebody else to say , ` Well , we have this technicality that allows us to do this , so we 're gon na go re-boot , ' " he said . Perhaps one reason why a re-boot seems strange to fans and franchise creators alike is that Whedon is still actively telling the "  Buffy " story . In March 2007 , Whedon started the eighth season of "  Buffy " with Dark Horse Comics . To commemorate her fictional 30th birthday , the last issue of "  Buffy Season 8 " is in stores January 19 . Buffy is n't necessarily 30 in the comics , Jeanty said , adding that the comic book medium allows time to move a little differently than in a television show . Jeanty speculated that as of today 's issue , Buffy is still around 26 years old . "  We can have armies fighting , which would have been really hard to pull off in the show , " Allie said . "  Our ability to do monsters that are n't just , like , a tall guy in a rubber suit , we embrace . " Allie said a special effects budget with the Dark Horse version of "  Buffy " is never an issue ; they 're only limited by what they can draw . Plenty of action has happened in "  Season 8 . " Willow returned from her self-imposed exile , Oz showed up on a mountaintop in Tibet , Buffy had a sexy tryst with one of the girls she trains to slay vampires , Angel proved to be a diabolical villain and -- oh yeah -- Giles dies . Allie assures CNN that Buffy has plenty more adventures left . "  Season 9 " is already in the works . "  I was down in LA this weekend . We had a writer 's summit to talk about Season 9 , and  Whedon  is so personally invested in this character , " Allie said . "  Because he 's busy with ` The Avengers , ' we had laid out this proposal for how we would do Season 9 where he had to do relatively little work . Because we were trying to be pragmatic , we want to do the book , we want to keep it going , we want to follow his vision , but we want to give him room to go do this other thing and come back . "  But we 're not going to do that , because he was like , ` well what if we do this other thing ? ' and the ideas are pouring out  of Joss Whedon  about where to take her next , " Allie said . "  He loves this girl , he loves her . He created her because he wants her to exist . "	"  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " franchise includes a controversial new movie "  Buffy " helped break stereotypes of women in sci-fi and fantasy genres The Dark Horse comic of "  Buffy " constitutes the 8th season of the television show "  Season 9 " will be continued by series creator Joss Whedon and Dark Horse
CNN  -- Although a massive earthquake destroyed her home and her office in January 2010 , Malya Villard-Appolon has been relentless in her efforts to support rape victims in Haiti . Villard-Appolon is a rape survivor herself . In 2004 , she established KOFAVIV , an organization that helps other survivors find safety , medical care and legal aid . Since the earthquake , she and her group have helped more than 1,400 women . CNN asked Villard-Appolon for her thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 . CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean for KOFAVIV ? Villard-Appolon : It 's an opportunity for people to know the situation in Haiti -- for women , especially . We feel that  this  will allow KOFAVIV to reach out to more women and provide more support . Haiti is a country where many of the women are victims . For me , this is a huge thing . I was raped in 1992 and in 2003 ; I survived an attempted rape in 2010 . My daughter was raped . And yet in the face of the problems in our country , I gave my entire life for this project . This will enable me to continue to fight , and I hope it brings about a change for my country . CNN : What was your reaction when you found out that you 'd been selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Villard-Appolon : I knew it was something special . When we found out , all the victims mobilized , and it was a victory for them . This gives encouragement to me and our outreach agents to continue to serve other women and girls who are victims . More from CNN Heroes : Living in fear "  under the tent " CNN : How will you use the $ 50,000 award that you receive for being selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Villard-Appolon : We will use a portion of it so we can help the children . We have a lot of children that we are helping in education .  An  organization that was sponsoring a school could no longer pay to keep up the school . We would take the children we are working with already and work on finding a school that they can attend . The money will give us the opportunity to help the children not lose a full year and get an education . When children do n't have an education , it becomes a problem for everyone . Secondly ,  it will  help in hiring security guards , for improving security for those involved with KOFAVIV . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Villard-Appolon : There is too much violence in Haiti . I want people in the United States to know the work that KOFAVIV is doing to combat corruption . We are fighting for the women and children who , after the earthquake , became victims . We are fighting for justice . Read the full story on CNN Hero Malya Villard-Appolon : Seeking justice for Haiti 's rape victims More Q&A s from top 10 Heroes : ' A ray of hope ' where girls did n't count A voice for America 's caregiving kids After losing daughter , dad vows to change culture	Malya Villard-Appolon was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 Her nonprofit offers safety , support for Haiti 's rape victims Gender-based violence has been a problem for Haiti since the 2010 earthquake Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year ? Cast your vote now !
CNN  Former cycling champ Lance Armstrong struck two parked vehicles as he drove home from a night of partying but was n't charged until his longtime girlfriend said she was n't behind the wheel , according to police in Aspen , Colorado . Armstrong , 43 , was cited for two misdemeanors : Duty to report accidents and exceeding the safe speed for conditions , police said . Police served a summons on Armstrong through his lawyer so Armstrong was not questioned by police or quoted in the police report . The same charges had been filed against his girlfriend , Anna Hansen , 33 , but were dropped after she admitted lying , the police report said . No other charges were filed . When asked if Armstrong persuaded her to take the blame , Hansen said , according to the police report : "  No , that was a joint decision and um , you know we 've had our family name smeared over every paper in the world in the last couple of years and ... I thought , ` Gosh , Anna Hansen hit some cars , it 's not going to show up in the papers , but Lance Armstrong hit some cars , it 's going to be a national story . ' " The arrest is another embarrassing incident for Armstrong , who fell from grace after being one of the world 's most revered and inspirational athletes . Armstrong recovered from a near-fatal bout of testicular cancer and went on to win seven Tour de Frances , raising millions for cancer research and making millions for himself . But rumors he used performance-enhancing drugs dogged him for years . In 2012 , the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency filed a report alleging Armstrong was at the center of a doping program during his heyday in cycling -- something Armstrong had always denied . After he stopped contesting the doping allegations , Armstrong was stripped of his Tour de France titles and Olympic cycling medal . He went on Oprah Winfrey 's television network and admitted he doped and had lied about it . He was sued and lost endorsements . Hansen told police she drove an SUV home from an art museum party the night of December 28 because "  Lance had a little bit to drink , " the report said . She said she lost control on a snowy street , hit two parked vehicles , parked around the corner and provided contact information to the people renting the vehicles , the report said . She told them she and Armstrong would pay for the damage and drove home , the report said . Police talked to her the next day and got her side of the story . The officer was suspicious of Hansen 's story and talked to a car valet at the museum , who said Armstrong drove away that night , the report said . On December 31 , Hansen talked to police again , this time with her lawyer , and changed her story to say Armstrong was the driver . When the officer asked if Armstrong was intoxicated , as she earlier indicated , Hansen said , according to the report : "  He was not intoxicated , and that was um , you know , I 'm sorry I lied to you that morning but I was trying to make it sound like , well , I was driving because that was just , I do n't know , I 'm not in the habit of lying in general and especially not to police officers so , I do n't know , I was just trying to make something up at that time . " She said Armstrong is "  prepared to admit driving the car and accept responsibility for the crash , " the report said . Armstrong is scheduled to appear in Pitkin County Court on March 17 .	Aspen , Colorado , police cite former cycling champ Lance Armstrong with two traffic offenses His longtime girlfriend , Anna Hansen , first told police she was driving when the wreck occurred , police said
Torrevecchia Teatina , Italy  CNN  -- Six months ago , an Italian bricklayer behind on his taxes wrote a note to his wife of 27 years , then doused himself with gasoline and set himself on fire outside a Bologna tax office . Giuseppe Campaniello died nine days later . "  He was a good person , " said his widow , Tiziana . "  He was n't given a chance to redeem himself because that 's what he wanted to do . If Giuseppe had had the chance , he would have paid his debt , not what they wanted him to pay because he was n't earning 20,000 euros a month . " She has joined with other women whose husbands took their lives to form a group called the "  Vedove Bianche " - the white widows - to show that in this long drawn out economic crisis , the cost can not be calculated on a tax form . Italy 's "  white widows " are the most recent example of the emotional toll the debt crisis and austerity measures are taking on Europe . In the first half of last year , suicide rates in Greece skyrocketed more than 40 % year on year , according to Greek health ministry data . In the UK -- not a part of the eurozone , but whose economy is also struggling as it enters a double-dip recession -- researchers wrote last month in the British Journal of Medicine that the 2008-2010 recession may have led more than 1,000 people to commit suicide . Austerity drives up suicide rate in debt-ridden Greece Now as Italy , the eurozone 's third largest economy , faces market pressure to make cuts after its borrowing costs rose dangerously high , "  austerity suicides " that spiked in Greece are now being seen here . For decades , it was common for Italians to avoid paying their full taxes , but with the financial crisis , tax collection has become more aggressive . Mounting tax troubles , and financial hardship , have driven some to take their lives . Although statistics are hard to come by , one Italian small business association claims suicides related to economic hardship are twice what they were 10 years ago . Rome businessman Mario Frasacco , 59 , shot himself in the chest last April . The factory he ran , which produced aluminum fittings , is now padlocked and its 10 workers unemployed . Family tragedy tells the story of Greece Frasacco 's daughter , Giorgia , worked with him and knew he was having financial difficulties , but had n't the slightest hint he was contemplating suicide . "  The day before he killed himself , I said goodbye to him as I always did before going home , " she recalled . "  I never read in his eyes any discomfort that would lead to this . After five months , I ca n't find a justification for what he did . " For the survivors of these economic suicides , there is anger that the government tried to maximize revenues and spending cuts , no matter the human cost . For Tiziana , she is left with questions of how to cope -- emotionally and financially -- in the aftermath of her husband 's death . "  Who will hire me at 48-years-old , nearly 49 ? Who ? " she asks . "  Where can I go ? Should I become a prostitute ? Because that 's where they 're taking us . Or should I commit suicide and just get out of the way and be one less problem for the government ? " CNN 's Kevin Voigt contributed to this report	Giuseppe Campaniello set himself ablaze after not being able to pay a tax bill Wives of these "  economic suicides " have formed a group , the "  white widows " Suicide rates in European nations hard hit by the debt crisis are on the rise
London  CNN  -- Legendary track star and chairman of the London Organizing Committee Sebastian Coe congratulated his fellow Britons for a "  glorious " Olympic Games on Sunday night . "  When our time came , Britain , we did it right , " Coe told the 80,000 gathered at Olympic Stadium for the closing ceremony . Coe said these "  two glorious weeks " would "  inspire a generation . " International Olympic Committee President Jacques Rogge declared the London Games officially over . He echoed Coe 's sentiments . "  These were happy and glorious Games , " he said . "  The legacy of the Games of the 30th Olympiad will become clear in many ways . Concrete improvements in infrastructure will benefit the host nation for years to come . The human legacy will reach every region of the world . Many young people will be inspired to take up a sport or to pursue their dreams . " As the Games came to a close , the United States led the medal count with 104 overall , 46 of them gold . China finished second , with 87 medals , with Russia third with 82 . Great Britain finished with 65 , its best total since 1908 . Singers from all eras performed . There was rock great Ray Davies , pop heroes George Michael and Annie Lennox , and new boy-band One Direction . Even comedian Russell Brand joined in , singing The Beatles "  I Am The Walrus . " The crowd gave the Spice Girls a rousing ovation after they performed two of their hits . Other performers payed tribute to some of the artists who did n't attend or had passed away . Singers Jessie J and Taio Cruz teamed with rapper Tinie Tempah to sing "  You Should Be Dancing " by the Bee Gees  born on Isle of Man  . Ed Sheeran led a quartet with Pink Floyd drummer Nick Mason , Richard Jones of the Feeling and Mike Rutherford of Genesis in covering "  Wish You Were Here . " Later Monty Python actor Eric Idle led the crowd in singing "  Always Look on the Bright Side of Life . " To close the music medley Jessie J also joined Brian May and Roger Taylor of Queen , belting out "  We Will Rock You . " The Who closed out the ceremony with a medley of the band 's hits , ending with "  My Generation . " In a new twist , the 10,000-plus athletes entered the stadium through the stands , some high-fiving members of the audience as they descended the steps to the field . There was also one final medal ceremony as Stephen Kiprotich of Uganda was awarded his marathon gold and listened along with the spectators to his national anthem . The White House released a statement that said President Obama called British Prime Minister David Cameron congratulating London on an "  extremely successful " games . One of the U.S. golds came as expected on the basketball court , but in a tougher contest than expected . Led by Kevin Durant 's 30 points , the United States fought off a stiff challenge from Spain to win the gold medal 107-100 . The Americans defended their title from four years ago in Beijing , also against Spain . "  This game was fun . It was a challenge , but we stepped up to it , " Kobe Bryant told NBC , an official broadcaster of the Games . LeBron James had 19 points and Bryant scored 17 for the Americans , who led by only one point after the third quarter . "  We all respect each other , " Durant said . "  We all know it 's our common goal . " Russia narrowly edged out Argentina for the bronze . London itself took center stage on the last day of the Olympics on Sunday , with the men 's marathon course running past the city 's major landmarks from Big Ben to Buckingham Palace . Kiprotich won a thrilling race in 2:08:01 , dueling for miles with early leader Wilson Kipsang of Kenya and his compatriot Abel Kirui . The Kenyans worked together to try to box the Ugandan in , but as the race neared its end , he blew past them to finish with a commanding lead , giving Uganda its first medal of any color in these Games . Read more : Nigeria 's 12 - year wait for Olympic gold Kirui took silver and Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich took the bronze , with Eritrea-born American Meb Keflezighi coming fourth , about three minutes behind the winner . The hosts snatched yet another boxing gold medal later Sunday , with super heavyweight Anthony Joshua winning gold for Britain . Italy , whose Roberto Cammarelle won silver , launched an appeal after the fight ended 18-18 . Joshua was awarded victory on countback -- using the scores of all five judges , not just the middle three scores . "  It was a tough first round . The judges will always do their job and I do my job , " the champion said . "  I have had close decisions in other tournaments but I just take it on the chin . " The Italian said the decision was curious . "  I did everything I could . I do n't understand the score , " he said . "  Where did they get all the points they gave him at the end ? " Read more : Five things to watch at Olympics on Sunday Team USA picked up another gold medal earlier , when Jacob Stephen Varner won the 96-kilogram freestyle wrestling contest . "  I came here to win a gold medal and that 's what I 've done , " he said . "  I played more defense then I wanted to , but it 's awesome for the United States . " Uzbekistan 's Artur Taymazov became first man to win three consecutive freestyle wrestling golds , defeating Davit Modzmanashvili of Georgia . "  I wanted to get the third gold , " said Taymazov , who also won a silver at the Sydney Games in 2000 . "  There was also a time pressure , because I am 33 . But it was my time . " At the 2000 Olympics , Greco-Roman wrestler Alexander Karelin won three straight golds and then a silver . "  I 'm glad I have equaled his medal total , " Taymazov said , "  but he has won more world championships than I have won so I must do more over the next two seasons . " In men 's water polo , Ratko Rudic guided Croatia to an 8-6 victory over Italy in the gold medal match , a record fourth win for the a coach . Rudic has led three nations -- Yugoslavia , Italy and his native Croatia -- to gold as well as winning a silver medal in 1980 as a player with Yugoslavia . Laura Asadauskaite of Lithuania won the final gold medal of the London Games with an Olympic record score in the modern pentathlon .	NEW : London Games declared over Team USA wins second consecutive basketball gold Marathoner Stephen Kiprotich wins Uganda 's first medal in a thrilling race Super heavyweight boxer Anthony Joshua wins gold for Britain
CNN  -- Michael Boatwright got off the flight from Los Angeles to Sweden and tightly embraced an unfamiliar woman as if they were old friends . They were . The two had dated briefly in the 1980s . But Boatwright does n't remember any of that . The 61-year-old Florida-born U.S. Navy vet woke up in a California hospital earlier this year speaking only Swedish . He had lived in Sweden off and on for about 20 years . Now , here he was at Goteborg Landvetter Airport , where that old friend , Ewa Espling , plans to help him get himself together in her country . "  I just want to be able to live a normal life and hopefully get my memory back , " Boatwright said Tuesday . Boatwright has been diagnosed with dissociative amnesia , a rare psychiatric condition typically associated with a traumatic event . He says he has no memory of his past . Police found him unconscious in a Southern California Motel 6 in February . Navy vet wakes up , speaks only Swedish Tuesday , Boatwright recalled that , waking up in the hospital this year , he looked at himself in the mirror and started crying . He did n't recognize the face looking back . When doctors tried to talk to him , he thought that his name was Johan Ek and that he was from Sweden . He did n't know why he had five tennis rackets in his hotel room . He was treated at Desert Regional Medical Center in Palm Springs . The hospital discharged him to Roy 's Desert Resource Center , where he has spent the past two weeks . The Riverside County Department of Mental Health bought him a one-way ticket to Gothenburg after Boatwright made it clear that he wants to live in Sweden . Boatwright said Tuesday that he is grateful for all of the help he has received . In the United States , Boatwright said , he felt like a stranger in his own country because he did n't speak the language : English . In Sweden , he feels safe and more calm and believes he 'll be able to start rebuilding his life . "  I think it 's the best solution for Michael , because he ca n't speak English , " Espling said . "  To recover fully , I think he needs to come where he 's safe and understands what 's happening around him . " Before Tuesday , Espling and Boatwright had n't seen each other since 1984 . Espling has arranged for a place for Boatwright to live in Sweden . She said she will try to assist as much as she can while he works through rebuilding his life . "  He 's going to have a home as long as he needs it , " she said . She identified Boatwright in a Swedish newspaper article this year . "  Michael asked me , ` Why are you doing this for me ? ' Because I know Michael would have done the same thing for me . If he had found me in the papers . This is a very nice man with a very big heart , " Espling said . In an exclusive CNN interview this month , Boatwright said he suffers from recurring nightmares too disturbing to describe . Boatwright said he is pleased to be in Sweden and wants to start working once he gets his memory back . He hopes to become a tennis instructor because , in his view , it 's the one thing he 's good at . Boatwright compared his life to an empty chalkboard . "  After death , this is probably the worst thing you could ever go through , " he said . Small pieces are starting to come back , however . Recently , a Swedish song called "  Sol , vind och vatten "  "  Sun , Wind and Water "  popped into his head as if it were on repeat all day long . He had no idea where it came from . He does n't recall any experiences that he and Espling shared in the 1980s , but some emotional remnants of the past remain . Asked how he feels about Espling , he said , "  I feel warm on the inside . " Car crash leaves Australian woman with French accent CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this report .	Michael Boatwright has dissociative amnesia He does n't speak English anymore and now speaks only Swedish His ex-girlfriend is helping him get his life together in Sweden
AOL Autos  -- Some antiquated state driving laws are flat-out crazy . Got a housecoat ? If you 're a woman , it 's illegal to wear one while driving in California . But what about modern rules of the road that seem very unusual and can still result in a hefty fine ? In California , no vehicle without a driver may exceed 60 miles per hour . But who gets the ticket ? We 've collated some of the more irregular and disputed road laws from around the nation and have included , at the end , some of the more bizarre contributions that have kept our roads the safest in the world . Ahem . Driving too slowly In some states , including California , a dawdling motorist can be cited for driving too slowly . Police Officer Pete Kim of the California Highway Patrol says that while it 's not common , you could get a ticket if , "  you 're blocking traffic or creating a road hazard on the freeway . " He mentions a couple reasons why someone would drive that slowly . The car could be suffering engine trouble or the driver could be impaired , for example . Both will likely attract the attention of a police officer . Drivers on city or rural roads are not exempt , says Police Officer Kim . He adds , "  Just about anywhere , if you 're in the middle of an intersection or on a regular two-lane street and the speed limit is 45 -LSB- mph -RSB- and you 're doing 10 -LSB- mph -RSB- for no good reason , you can be cited for impeding traffic . " Slow driving laws are enforced in most states , including Florida , Nevada , Alaska and Hawaii , where tourists can be most at risk from the police scanner . You should also beware of rubbernecking accidents or police lights , which , while non-ticketable in most cases , does n't particularly help traffic cops do their jobs . Red-light running Garland , Texas motorist Noel Hillis was ticketed by cameras earlier this month for running a red light . He told local station CBS11 that he crossed the stop line as the light was turning red , but that at his hearing the police officer gave him a different characterization of the stop line . The police officer says the stop line is a lateral line parallel to the curb of the cross street or , "  ten feet farther out than where it actually starts . " Texas law states that the violation line is at the stop line before the crosswalk . The editor of road campaign site www.highwayrobbery.net , a businessman and activist who requested anonymity , tells AOL Autos , "  The law , as I understand it , is that you 're okay to proceed across the line if you can get any bit of your car ahead of the line . Typically the limit line is the first line you come to if there 's a crosswalk -- which are sometimes surprisingly wide -- so the crosswalk can end up being 10 to 15 feet from the curbs of the crossing street . Somebody looked at the pictures and realized that cities were using an imaginary line , sometimes that of the curb , that you have to get part of your car over to not get a ticket , an extra 12-foot zone . " The governor of Texas has said he will sign a bill later this year to clear up confusion after scores of motorists ' complaints concerning crossing of violation lines , which is usually a civil offense . Animals and cars London couple Yisroel Singer , 26 , and his wife Goldie , 25 , say they were the victims of a "  cultural misunderstanding " after they were arrested and held in New York several years ago . They had left their six-month-old daughter in the car while they went to Green Acres mall . They said nobody in Britain would condemn their actions , but under U.S. law , they faced a sentence of one year for child endangerment if they were found guilty . The case was eventually dropped . Now it 's illegal in many states to leave an animal alone in a car , and with good reason . The Animal Law Coalition points out that , even with the vehicle 's windows left slightly open , an outside temperature of 85 degrees can cause a temperature of 102 degrees inside a vehicle within 10 minutes , and 120 degrees within half of an hour . As dogs breathe differently from humans , their central nervous systems can be overwhelmed in less than 15 minutes from excessive heat . California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger last year signed into law Bill SB1806 , which bans owners from leaving animals unattended in a motor vehicle "  under conditions that endanger the health or well being of an animal due to heat , cold , lack of adequate ventilation , or lack of food or water , or other circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause suffering , disability , or death to the animal . " First-time violators are fined $ 100 , with a second offense garnering a possible six-month jail term . Also remember , smoking with children of car-seat age in the car will draw you heat in Texas , Vermont , Washington , Arkansas and Louisiana among others . As of yet , there is no law about smoking with pets in the car . Carpool violations Several states face the thorny issue of their carpool lanes moving too slowly . Some carpoolers have accused single-occupant hybrid drivers of soft-pedaling to save gas . But from California to the D.C. Beltway , it seems the sheer volume of cars using the carpool lanes has slowed the lanes enough to almost destroy the incentive of car-pooling or owning a hybrid car . California is considering allowing motorists to exit and enter the carpool lane at will , when previously crossing the double yellow was an offense . The state transportation agency has warned against increasing the occupancy of carpool cars from two to three in Los Angeles , like it is in San Francisco . Beware that buying an easily recognizable hybrid such as a Prius now does not mean automatic rights to use the carpool lane , at least in the Golden State . This is something police officers are well aware of given the recent shortage of available hybrid permits . The black market for scarce carpool lane exemptions has put up to a $ 5,000 premium on sales of used Prius that carry the exemption sticker . The ridiculous An assortment of seemingly crazy state driving laws exists and can be found easily across the Internet . Most of these examples are sourced from newspapers and come from the site www.dumblaws.com , whose editors did not respond to a call for comment . Here goes : In California , no vehicle without a driver may exceed 60 miles per hour . In Florida , if an elephant , goat or alligator is left tied to a parking meter , the parking fee has to be paid just as it would for a vehicle . In Montana , it is illegal to have a sheep in the cab of your truck without a chaperone . In Oregon , a door on a car may not be left open longer than necessary . In Tennessee , it is illegal shoot any game other than whales from a moving automobile . Good luck finding a whale in Tennessee ! E-mail to a friend	Some traffic laws leave everyone scratching their heads It is OK to shoot whales from your car in Tennessee No sheep allowed in Montana truck cabs without a chaperone Texas battle over where to stop when light turns red
London , England  CNN  -- Irish football officials have lodged an official complaint with world ruling body FIFA after Thierry Henry confessed that he handled the ball in the build-up to the goal which sent France to next summer 's World Cup . Television cameras showed Henry guiding the ball with his hand twice , before William Gallas scored from his resulting cross to give "  Les Bleus " a narrow win in the two-legged World Cup play-off against the Republic of Ireland . "  I will be honest . It was a handball but I am not the referee , " the Barcelona striker told reporters after the match in Paris . The Irish Justice Ministry confirmed to CNN that Dermot Ahern had asked the Football Association of Ireland  FAI  to demand a replay in the interests of fair play . "  Thierry Henry has admitted handling the ball , claims he told the ref he handled it . Millions of people worldwide saw it was a blatant double handball -- not to mention a double offside -- and we should put the powers that be in the cozy world of FIFA on the spot and demand a replay , " Ahern said in a statement sent to CNN . "  They probably wo n't grant it as we are minnows in world football but let 's put them on the spot . It 's the least we owe the thousands of devastated young fans around the country . Otherwise if that result remains it reinforces the view that if you cheat you will win . " The FAI later confirmed that it had taken the matter to FIFA . "  I really believe the integrity of the game has been questioned last night , " chief executive John Delaney told reporters . "  The governing body of world football have to step up to the plate and accede to our call for a replay . " Delaney said the FAI had also written to the French football federation . "  They need to look at themselves in this situation . Henry is their captain and a wonderful footballer , but does he want to be like Diego Maradona and his legacy to be this handball , this goal that got them to the World Cup in an unjust manner ? If we had qualified in this manner , I would n't be happy , " he said . "  It is up to the people who govern the game now . Every time I go to a FIFA congress I hear about fair play and integrity . This was a defining game with the whole world watching , and if FIFA believe in fair play and integrity , this is their opportunity to step forward . " The FAI has argued that there is a precedent for the result to be struck out , following FIFA 's ruling that Uzbekistan had to replay a play-off against Bahrain for the 2006 World Cup in Germany after the referee made a mistake in awarding a penalty . "  The Football Association of Ireland is hoping that FIFA and its disciplinary committee will , on behalf of football fans worldwide , act in a similar fashion so that the standards of fair play and integrity can be protected , " the FAI said . FIFA confirmed it had received the Irish request for a replay , but gave no timescale on a decision . However , it said that under its regulations the referee 's decision can not be changed . "  Law 5 states that the decisions of the referee regarding facts connected with play , including whether or not a goal is scored and the result of the match , are final , " it said . "  The referee may only change a decision on realising that it is incorrect or , at his discretion , on the advice of an assistant referee or the fourth official , provided that he has not restarted play or terminated the match . " Irish captain Richard Dunne , who spoke to Henry on the final whistle , said he felt cheated by the goal . "  He admitted he handled it , but it does n't make me feel any better because we are not going to the World Cup finals , " the defender said . "  FIFA will probably be happy . Yet again the big decisions have gone for the bigger team . " Football 's international governing body had faced criticism from several Irish players that the seeding system for the play-off draw favored more powerful nations such as France . Blog : When will FIFA see what 's staring them in the face ? Dunne 's teammate Robbie Keane admitted it was "  hard to speak , " as he struggled to come to terms with the result . "  With the way we played , we certainly deserved to win the game and it killed us near the end with that handball , " he was quoted by the FAI Web site as saying . "  I 've seen the replay but we knew anyway  it was handball  . You could see by the reaction of the players , especially Shay  Given  who was two yards away from it . You do n't get a reaction like that . It was a clear handball . "  He  Henry  almost caught the ball and actually ran into the net with it . We 're devastated . " Ireland team manager Giovanni Trapattoni told reporters that the referee had time to ask the linesman and then Henry . "  It would not have been the first time a player would have asked and it would not have been out of turn . "  We are angry , " the Italian continued . "  It is a bitter evening for me . I would prefer to have gone out on penalties . " Fanzone : Five of football 's most famous injustices But former France international David Ginola was emphatic that Henry should not have "  owned up . " "  You do n't do that , " he told CNN . "  Henry was doing his job . You ca n't blame him for doing everything he could for his team and country to get them to South Africa . "  But it was a shame to finish the game like that as Ireland had played very well . "  Referees need more help on the pitch , so as not to allow things like that . Obviously the referee was not well-positioned and could n't see . " English Referees Union chief Alan Leighton told CNN that Swedish official Martin Hansson had clearly missed a huge decision . "  I think the incident was more of instinct than deliberately attempting to cheat but it does seem that the ball hit his hand twice and therefore there is an issue . " But on the wider issue of cheating , Leighton said : "  It is all very well to blame the referees for not spotting it but fundamentally it starts with the players . "  I think the players have to think about the game , think about the reputation of the game and their own reputations and say look actually there is a line that we will not cross . "	NEW : Republic of Ireland officials lodge official complaint with world ruling body FIFA NEW : FAI also writes to French counterparts asking for World Cup play-off to be replayed Cameras showed France 's Thierry Henry guiding ball with his hand twice , before William Gallas scored Ex-France player David Ginola said Henry was only doing his job for his country and should not be blamed
CNN  -- The University of North Dakota is one step closer to retiring its nickname and mascot , but changing the school 's 90-year-old Native American moniker -- the Fighting Sioux -- has not been without complications . The school faces a Monday deadline to comply with the NCAA 's policy on mascots "  deemed hostile or abusive toward Native Americans . " School officials were in the process of coming up with a new name and mascot this year until North Dakota legislators passed a law ordering them to stop , according to UND spokesman Peter Johnson . The rock and the hard place the school finds itself between marks the last gasp of a decades-long fight not just in North Dakota , but in all of college sports -- the climax  or nadir , depending on some people 's perspective  of a nostalgia-imbued resistance to political correctness on the playing field . The kerfuffle at hand dates to 2007 , when the North Dakota Board of Higher Education agreed to retire the Fighting Sioux nickname by August 15 , 2011 , in accordance with the NCAA 's then-2-year-old policy on Native American mascots . If they ultimately chose not to do so , costly NCAA sanctions were promised , including the inability to host any championships and a ban on the use of the school 's logo or nickname at any championship events . After Gov. Jack Dalrymple signed House Bill 1263 into law this year , the school was left with the dilemma of having to either disobey the government that controls its purse-strings or to flout the rules of the NCAA , the entity that controls the arguably mightier purse-strings of college football . The nickname controversy appeared to be closer to a resolution Friday when Dalrymple and other state officials traveled to Indianapolis to meet with NCAA officials in a last-ditch effort to resolve the matter . "  It 's our understanding coming out of this meeting that the Fighting Sioux nickname and logo will be dropped , " the NCAA quoted its Vice President for Communications Bob Williams as saying Friday . "  The contingent from North Dakota made it clear that they were committed to changing the legislative action that would require retention of the Fighting Sioux nickname and logo . However , our settlement agreement remains in effect , and , as a result , the University of North Dakota will be subject to the policy effective Aug. 15 . " Doug Fullerton will be paying close attention to what happens Monday . As commissioner of the Big Sky Conference , he is overseeing North Dakota 's ascent from Division II obscurity to the far more lucrative stage of Division I football . "  When we invited  North Dakota 's football team  into the  Big Sky  conference this was not an issue , " he said . Citing the conference 's "  close , close ties to Native American tribes " and the promise of boycotts from other Division I schools if the name goes unchanged , he says the school 's membership in the conference "  could be in jeopardy . " The school is set to join the conference July 1 , 2012 . According to an NCAA press release , Dalrymple said at the Friday meeting that he would appeal to the state legislature "  to allow legislation to be introduced during a special session on Nov. 7 that will transfer the responsibility for the logo and nickname from the legislature back to the Board of Higher Education . " "  I have come to the conclusion that the cost of retaining the Sioux logo is too great , " the NCAA press release quoted Dalrymple as saying . "  There 's no question that the settlement agreement will stand according to the NCAA , and there will be no further negotiations . " The usage of Native American imagery in college athletics has been a long-simmering controversy . Such schools as Stanford University and New York 's St. John 's University , elected to drop their nicknames  the Stanford Indians became the Cardinals in 1972 , then the Cardinal in 1981 ; the St. John 's Red Men became the Red Storm in the mid - '90s  , while others , like the University of North Dakota , balked . In 2000 , for example , then-UND president Charles Kupchella tried to retire the Fighting Sioux until a wealthy alum threatened to withhold a $ 100 million donation for a new hockey arena , an episode chronicled by author Deni Elliot in her book "  The Kindness of Strangers : Philanthropy and Higher Education . " Today , the school 's state-of-the-art rink not only bears that donor 's name , it 's decorated with more than 2,000 Fighting Sioux logos . In 2005 , the NCAA sought to end the controversy surrounding Native American mascots once and for all by ordering nearly 20 schools whose nicknames and mascots they deemed "  abusive in terms of race , ethnicity or national origin " to either get Native American permission to use their name and likeness , or to come up with a new one . The resulting actions among the targeted schools were varied . The Arkansas State Indians became the Red Wolves ; the Indiana University of Pennsylvania Indians became the Crimson Hawks . Other schools satisfied the mandate by tweaking their name , like Southeastern Oklahoma State , where the Savages are now known as the Savage Storm . Others , like the Bradley University Braves , whose name does not affiliate with a specific tribe , were allowed to keep their name so long as Native American logos and imagery were eschewed . Schools with higher-profile athletic programs fared better . The Florida State Seminoles , University of Utah Utes and the Central Michigan University Chippewas each obtained permission from their respective namesake tribes to stay the course . But the Fighting Sioux of the University of North Dakota -- winners of seven national championships in men 's ice hockey -- was denied such an endorsement from the Tribal Council of the Standing Rock Sioux .	University of North Dakota faces a Monday deadline to change its Fighting Sioux nickname The state legislature passed a law this year ordering the school to continue using the name The school faces NCAA sanctions if it continues to use the Native American mascot Governor has indicated he will comply with NCAA , ask legislature to change law
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Uhuru Kenyatta , indicted for alleged crimes against humanity and the son of Kenya 's founding father , had an early lead Wednesday in the presidential election . With a little more than 40 % of the vote counted , Kenyatta was ahead at 53 % to 42 % over his main rival , Prime Minister Raila Odinga , according to the election commission website . If Kenyatta wins , he will find himself in an unusual quandary . He has been indicted by the International Criminal Court for allegedly inciting a local militia to conduct reprisal attacks in the last election . His running mate , William Ruto , also faces ICC charges at The Hague . Both have denied the charges . Kenyatta said that if he is elected , the indictment will not affect his ability to do his job . "  I do n't think that 's an issue that anybody should be concerned with , " said Kenyatta , a deputy prime minister . "  I have been a member of the government and I 've still been able to execute my duties . I still believe I will be able to execute my duties as president once selected . " The international community should respect the will of Kenyans , he said . "  If they do decide it 's me , that 's a domestic issue left to the sovereign democratic will of the people of Kenya , " he said last week . "  Any friend of Kenya must recognize that and must take it in their stride . " ` Skype government ' But Odinga has raised concerns about the indictment , saying his opponent plans to run a "  Skype government " from The Hague . Kenyatta has maintained a lead since polls closed after Monday 's election , but it is still too early to declare a winner . Analysts have raised the possibility of a runoff . The election carries significance far beyond its borders . As the largest economy in East Africa , Kenya is a crucial trade route into the rest of the continent and provides an important buffer of stability in a region that includes the fledgling Somali government and the politically tense Sudan and South Sudan . Kenya is also a major U.S. ally in the war against Islamist militants in the region and has remained relatively peaceful amid civil wars in neighboring nations . ` Hiccups here and there ' As Kenyans eagerly await the outcome , glitches with the new electronic voter system are affecting the tallying , officials said . Counting has slowed down after the electronic systems failed , forcing officers to manually deliver paper copies of vote tallies , according to Odinga 's campaign team . The election commission urged citizens to be calm and patient , hoping to avoid tension and distrust in the system , which contributed to post-election violence in December 2007 . "  Sometimes a couple of computers would get kind of out of whack and would slow the process down , " said Abdullahi Sharawi , a commissioner of Kenya 's Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission . "  Definitely , there is going to be some hiccups here and there , but I think , when you assess the whole , then we think the work , so far , is very good , " he said . United Nations chief Ban Ki-moon urged Kenyans to maintain peace . "  I have been encouraged thus far by the largely peaceful and orderly process , despite some incidents of violence and some technical problems , " he said . Eager to avoid violence Kenyans are eager to avoid a repeat of the 2007 election . At the time , the nation plunged into ethnic violence after Odinga disputed results that declared the incumbent president , Mwai Kibaki , as the winner , alleging the election had been rigged . Protesters took to the streets , where supporters of both camps fought one another . More than 1,200 people were killed and hundreds of thousands displaced -- the worst violence since the nation gained independence . Clashes ended with the formation of a power-sharing government with Kibaki as president and Odinga as prime minister . While the poll has been relatively peaceful this time , authorities said at least 10 people were killed in isolated incidents on the coast . Complicated election Leading up to this election , the candidates declared they would settle any voting disputes in court and urged their supporters to avoid bloodshed at all costs . After the 2007 voting disaster , the government set up an ambitious new constitution , making this election one of the nation 's most complicated polls since the country gained independence from Britain in 1963 . It also revamped various political systems , including the electoral process and the judicial system . But analysts say the real test will come after the results are announced : Will the loser bow out gracefully to avoid stoking tensions ? Read about the main players Millions cast ballots About 70 % of the 14.3 million eligible voters voted this week , according to election officials . Eight contenders are vying for the presidency . The winner must secure more than 50 % of the vote to avoid a runoff tentatively scheduled for next month . Nima Elbagir and Lillian Leposo reported from Nairobi , and Faith Karimi reported from Atlanta .	Counting slows down after failures in a new electronic voting system Kenyatta faces crimes against humanity charges at the International Criminal Court His main rival , Raila Odinga , raises concerns about the indictment The winner must secure more than 50 % of the vote to avoid a runoff
WIRED  -- Gerald "  Jerry " Lawson , creator of the first cartridge-based videogame console , died Saturday morning in a Mountain View , California , hospital , WIRED.com has learned . Lawson was 70 . As an engineer at Fairchild Semiconductor , Lawson designed the electronics of the Fairchild Video Entertainment System , later renamed the Channel F , in 1976 . Predating the release of Atari 's Video Computer System by a year , the Channel F was the first videogame machine that used interchangeable game cartridges , which Fairchild sold separately . Previous game machines like Atari 's "  Pong " and the Magnavox Odyssey had all their games built into the hardware . Lawson 's pioneering design set the standard for the game consoles of today . "  Jerry was an amazing personality , " said family friend David Erhart , who broke the news of Lawson 's death Monday on the Digital Press website . "  He created part of the videogame industry history in Silicon Valley and it was always a pleasure to hear his stories about back in the day . " Much of Lawson 's background is discussed in a wide-ranging interview he gave Vintage Computing and Gaming in 2009 . A lifelong engineer and tinkerer , Lawson was born in 1940 and grew up in a federal housing project in Queens , New York . As a kid , he operated a ham radio ; as a teenager he earned money by repairing his neighbors ' television sets . In the 1970s , living and working in Silicon Valley , he joined the Homebrew Computer Club , a group of early hackers that included Apple co-founders Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak . Lawson 's contributions to videogames began with "  Demolition Derby , " a coin-operated arcade machine that he created in his garage while working at Fairchild . "  Fairchild found out about it -- in fact , it was a big controversy that I had done that . And then , very quietly , they asked me if I wanted to do it for them , " Lawson said in the Vintage Computing interview . Although similar machines were in development at Atari and RCA at the time , the console Lawson 's team built for Fairchild was the first cartridge-based gaming system that came to market . Although it seems simple now , making the technology work was n't easy . "  There was a mechanism that allowed you to put the cartridges in without destroying the semiconductors ... . We were afraid -- we did n't have statistics on multiple insertion and what it would do , and how we would do it , because it was n't done . I mean , think about it : Nobody had the capability of plugging in memory devices in mass quantity like in a consumer product . Nobody . " Only 26 cartridges were ever released for Channel F , all simple games like "  Blackjack , " "  Space War " and "  Bowling . " When Atari released its cartridge-based system , Channel F was quickly rendered obsolete . Years later , Lawson started his own company , Videosoft , to produce Atari 2600 cartridges , but only released one , a technician 's tool called "  Color Bar Generator . " Last month , the International Game Developers Association honored Lawson 's pioneering efforts at Game Developers Conference in San Francisco . "  The whole reason I did games was because people said , ` You ca n't do it , ' " he told the San Jose Mercury News last month . "  I 'm one of the guys , if you tell me I ca n't do something , I 'll turn around and do it . " In later years , Lawson had suffered the severe effects of diabetes . He lost sight in one eye and lost one of his legs to the disease , leaving him confined to a wheelchair . On Wednesday , not feeling well , he was admitted into El Camino Hospital Mountain View . "  He continued building devices to control telescopes , lasers , tools , etc. up until the day he went to the hospital , " said friend Erhart . "  His workbench had more tools than most people would even know what to do with . He taught me quite a bit and I 'll miss him sorely . " At 6:15 a.m. Saturday , Lawson died after apparently suffering a heart attack . He is survived by his wife , son and daughter . The family is planning a memorial service in mid-May . Photo courtesy of Vintagecomputing.com via WIRED . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Jerry Lawson passed away after suffering a heart attack He was an engineer for Channel F Channel F was the first videogame machine that used interchangeable game cartridges
CNN  -- Carl Hall should n't be at the Big Dance , and it has nothing to do with the Wichita State Shockers being the Cinderellas of this year 's tournament . Hall is an underdog story all by himself . Now 26 and allowed to play only via a special NCAA medical waiver , there was a time Hall thought he 'd never play basketball again . But through the diligence and tenacity that has been a signature of the No. 9-seeded Shockers ' historic run into the Final Four  they 're the second-lowest seed to ever make it this far  , Hall has demonstrated he was game for a comeback . When the 6-foot-8 senior from Cochran , Georgia , first took the floor in 2007 to play at Middle Georgia College , his college career lasted all of three games . After visiting a doctor to diagnose the latest in a series of fainting spells that had been ongoing since high school , his career was shut down because of a heart condition . The condition caused what is known as neurocardiogenic syncope , a loss of consciousness often caused by decreased blood to the brain . Remember when President George W. Bush choked on the pretzel in 2002 ? Or when French President Nicolas Sarkozy collapsed while jogging in 2009 ? Both episodes were attributed to syncope . Like that , Hall went from junior-college baller to a $ 12-an-hour , assembly-line bulb painter working the graveyard shift at a lighting company in his hometown . It was a tough blow for the then-19-year-old . "  He got so depressed , " his mother , Jackie Fields , told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution . "  For a while there , I thought , ` This boy thinks his life was over . ' " Hall stayed in school , paying his own way after losing his scholarship , and attended morning classes after his shifts ended at 7 a.m. His grades suffered , according to media reports . The best teams that did n't win it all In 2009 , doctors gave him exciting news . His medication was working . His heart was stabilizing . If he wanted , he could return to the court , they said , but Hall was tentative . "  Once you pass out you do n't want to go through that situation again , " Hall told Yahoo Sports . Rather than go back to college , he went to the rec center , where he began playing in a church league . When coach Scott Moe heard of the development , he told Hall he could return to Middle Georgia , the Journal-Constitution reported . Fields was worried it was n't the best move for her son , but Hall told her he was willing to take the risk . "  I said if anything happens to me while I play basketball , I can live with it , " Hall told the newspaper . "  She said if I can live with it , she can . " He averaged almost 19 points and more than 11 rebounds a game , leading Middle Georgia to the national junior college tournament . The next year , he transferred to Northwest Florida State , where that production continued . With a marksman-like 59 % shooting , Hall averaged almost 18 points and 10 rebounds a game -- not to mention 2.3 blocks -- and was named 2011 Panhandle Conference Player of the Year . By then , he 'd already been on Wichita State coach Gregg Marshall 's radar . Marshall recalled for ESPN the first time he saw the young man play . "  I said to my staff , ' I want that guy right there . The guy with the hair , ' " Marshall said , referring to the dreadlocks Hall sported up until a few days before the NCAA Tournament . Marshall had his reservations , though . It was n't that Hall did n't have what it took to be a Shocker , but Marshall had been rocked by a player 's heart problem in the past . Just after accepting the Wichita State post , Marshall was watching one of his recruits , a Cameroonian from New Hampshire named Guy Alang-Ntang , play a pick-up game when the kid collapsed , dead on the floor . "  I 'm watching him play pickup and 15 minutes later he just lurches back and it 's over . That was my second day on the job , " he told ESPN . Despite Hall 's successes at Middle Georgia and Northwest Florida , he was n't quite up for the task of playing NCAA ball . He was out of shape , sometimes taking breaks during team sprints , and he was frightened to push himself at first . Marshall was also unwilling to crack the whip . "  I did n't want to be the coach who made him pass out or worse , " Marshall told ESPN . Hall spent the off-season on the track , on the treadmill and on the stationary bike . During a preseason practice , he was running suicides -- a grueling series of sprints whose lengths increase in intervals -- when he realized he could finally give it 100 % , according to the Journal-Constitution . He 's now making the most of the NCAA medical waivers that granted him a sixth season of eligibility . After averaging more than eight points and five rebounds as a junior -- and snaring the Missouri Valley Conference 's newcomer of the year award -- the 26-year-old forward has become a force . On top of 12.5 points and seven rebounds a game , Hall plays mean defense , averaging almost two blocks a game . You can ask the No. 2-seeded Ohio State Buckeyes about it -- that is , if they 're willing to talk after Hall 's six swatted shots helped the Shockers sink the favored Big Ten opponent last weekend . That upset came two days after a 72-58 dismantling of the LaSalle Explorers -- on the back of Hall 's 16-point , eight-rebound , three-block performance -- and a week after the Shockers lived up to their name by edging out the Gonzaga Bulldogs , one of the tournament 's top-seeded teams . Next up is perhaps Wichita State 's most daunting challenge : a truly menacing Louisville Cardinals team that has n't lost since February 9 and is averaging almost 81 points per game in the tournament . With the exception of Oregon , which lost to Louisville by eight , no one has even stayed on the floor with the Cardinals , who whipped a vaunted Duke squad by 22 on Sunday . The Shockers will go into Atlanta 's Georgia Dome on Saturday as 11-point underdogs , but Wichita State is used to playing the role . They 've already knocked off one No. 1 seed on the road to the college hoops championship . Should they continue to defy the oddsmakers and win it all , the Kansas university of almost 15,000 students will become the lowest-seeded school to ever do it , topping the 1985 No. 8-seeded Villanova team . But that 's getting ahead of ourselves . Right now , Hall is just enjoying being there . "  It 's like I 'm in a dream right now , you know , and I 'm just trying to take advantage of this whole opportunity , " he told ESPN .	Carl Hall 's heart condition threatened to end his college basketball career in 2007 The condition caused neurocardiogenic syncope , a loss of consciousness After playing at two junior colleges , Wichita State picked him up before junior season Hall 's six blocked shots instrumental in Shockers ' upset of No. 2-seeded Ohio State
CNN  -- You do n't expect while lecturing about politics on a ship to become a political pawn in a two hundred year-old territorial dispute , but that is what has happened to me and several thousand other passengers who cruised into the middle of the renewed spat between Britain and Argentina over who should control the Falkland Islands . This week two cruise liners flying British colony flags -- the 750-passenger Adonia and 2,600 passenger Star Princess -- were denied permission to dock in the Argentinean port of Ushuia because the ships had previously called in at Stanley in the Falkland Islands . Both vessels had visited Port Stanley in the Falklands on Saturday , February 25 as part of their widely advertised and published schedules . The Adonia left the Argentine capital of Buenos Aires late at night on February 20 , later than was intended as the result of what was explained as industrial action by tugmen . I joined the Adonia at the Rio de la Plata terminal in Buenos Aires with an almost total absence of customs and immigration formalities . I 'd flown into town the day before without incident , so there was no advance warning of any potential threat or the action to come . We were due to proceed from Port Stanley in the Falklands to the world 's southernmost city , the Argentine port of Ushuaia , on February 27 , having passed Cape Horn on the way . But early that morning , at around 6:00 a.m. , the Adonia 's commanding office Captain David Perkins announced to passengers that he and the Chilean pilots already on board the vessel to help chart it through the Tierra del Fuego archipelago had been informed that the mayor of Ushuaia was refusing to allow the Adonia into port . We would therefore be carrying on earlier than had been intended to the Chilean port of Punta Arenas . The explanation given from Ushuaia was that the ban was being imposed because the Adonia had previously called at the Falklands , which Argentina refers to as Las Malvinas . No advance warning had been given that such action would be taken if the Adonia did call at the Falklands , as around 20 cruise ships a month do in this summer season in the southern hemisphere . The vast majority of the passengers on the Adonia are British . The Adonia left Southampton on January 13 on an 87-day journey around South America . It was only after the vessel left Southampton that the latest Anglo-Argentinean spat over the Falklands hotted up with news that the Duke of Cambridge -- or Flight Lieutenant Wales as he is known in his role as a Royal Air Force helicopter pilot -- was undertaking a six-week tour of duty in the Falklands on what the Ministry of Defence insists is a routine deployment . This triggered protests from the Argentine government , as did the news that Britain was dispatching to the South Atlantic HMS Dauntless , a Type 45 destroyer , which is its most sophisticated warship armed with missiles which could if required take out much of the Argentinean air force . Argentina has protested at what it calls a militarization of the area . It has to be said that the mayor of Ushuaia 's action , which would have cost his city dearly as the spending power of some 3,000 cruise passengers on the two ships was not unleashed , has been taken phlegmatically by the Adonia 's passengers . The only thing that people had to check themselves from saying was "  Oh well , it is n't the end of the world " because it is precisely that which Ushuaia advertises itself as being . Many passengers were looking forward to acquiring souvenirs which proclaimed that that was where they had been . Cruise ship passengers with any company are accustomed to schedules being changed at short notice , whether it is as a result of storms , fogs , strikes or political events . On the current voyage the Adonia had to spend an extra day in Barbados to await delayed supplies and it missed one scheduled call in Brazil because of a local police strike which might have made it risky for passengers to go ashore . From the explanation given by Argentine embassy personnel in some countries it seems that the mayor of Ushuaia may have somewhat over-interpreted his brief . The Argentine government , they confirmed , had banned the refuelling and bunkering in Argentine ports of oil exploration vessels and other commercial shipping which has previously visited the Falklands . According to those embassy sources there was allegedly no ban affecting individuals who had been to the Falklands visiting Argentina , but that rather begs the question of how the individuals would get to and from Port Stanley . Precious few of us can walk on water . Argentina 's Peronist President Christina Kirchner has been largely responsible for raising the temperature over the Falklands as the 30th anniversary of the successful war undertaken by Margaret Thatcher 's Conservative government to regain the islands after the invasion by Argentina 's military junta approaches . Voted back into office with 54 % support only three months ago , President Kirchner dismisses Britain as "  a coarse and decadent colonial power " and is appealing to other South American countries to join her in isolating the Falklands while they remain under British control . Her latest action , now supplemented by calls for a boycott of British goods by Argentineans , will raise an intriguing dilemma for tour companies . A visit to the Falklands is one of the biggest draws for Britons booking cruises around South America . But if a call at Port Stanley is going to lead to the cruise ships being banned from Argentinean ports , and perhaps eventually ports in other South American countries , how long will they keep Port Stanley on their itineraries ? Intriguingly , as I was wandering around Buenos Aires the other day I came across the memorial to the Argentineans who lost their lives in what they call the Malvinas War . In English a tour guide was giving his version of the events 30 years ago . "  The generals were in charge here , " he said , "  and they told us that we were a strong and well-armed nation . They lied to us . We were n't . The British had a lot more practice than us at fighting wars $ " and we lost . " The Falklands , he said , belonged to Argentina "  geographically , " an argument I suppose which could be used to claim that Cuba "  belonged " to the United States . So what about the Falklanders themselves , said one of his listeners , was n't it up to them to decide who they wanted to belong to ? That did n't appeal to the guide . "  Ah well , " he replied , "  if you had a choice between voting to be rich and voting to be poor , which way would you vote ? "	Argentina bars entry to two Bermuda-flagged ships after they visit Falklands CNN 's Robin Oakley aboard the 750-passenger Adonia on 87-day journey around South America Territorial dispute between Britain and Argentina over control of Falklands intensifying in recent months
CNN  -- A Norwegian U.N. official snatched from the streets of Yemen 's capital city of Sanaa by armed tribesmen nearly two weeks ago was released unharmed , officials said Friday . U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky said the 34-year-old man arrived in good health at a safe haven in the capital . The victim was part of a team of U.N. election observers scheduled to oversee Yemen 's presidential elections in February , officials said . The U.N. official , who was not identified , had been released following negotiations by Yemeni officials , Norwegian Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Store said in a statement . It was not immediately known what , if any , deal was struck by Yemen with the tribesmen for the official 's release . He was kidnapped on January 15 by gunmen demanding the release of a jailed tribal leader , officials said . Interior Ministry officials said previously the kidnapping took place just three miles south of the presidential palace , in one of the busiest and most secure neighborhoods in Yemen . Tribal sources said six men forced the Norwegian into a vehicle and drove him off to Mareb , about 170 km  105 miles  north of Sanaa . The kidnappers were demanding the release of Ali Nasser Hareekdan , whom a local council official in Mareb province said was the prime suspect behind the killing of four Yemeni troops . The soldiers were responsible for securing a business route for oil tankers . Numerous tribal leaders previously told CNN that the Yemeni government was currently negotiating the release of the Norwegian . According to the tribal sources , the Yemeni government sent three negotiators in an effort to have the Norwegian released . Mareb province is well known for tribes who kidnap foreigners and use them as bargaining chips to demand concessions from the governments . The hostages are rarely harmed .	NEW : U.N. says the man arrived in good health at a safe haven in the capital Gunmen who snatched official were demanding release of a tribal leader , officials said The official was released unharmed , the Norwegian Foreign Ministry said He was released following negotiations , Norwegian official says
CNN  -- "  A peep show . " That 's how attorney James Egan described the jail in Puyallup , Washington . In a lawsuit filed Thursday on behalf of 12 plaintiffs -- 11 women and one man -- Egan alleges that police there recorded suspects undressing and using the toilet . Each had been arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence . "  For an extended period , the Puyallup Police Department has engaged in a pattern and practice of violating the fundamental rights to bodily privacy , dignity , and unlawful searches and seizures of the inmates detained within the Puyallup Police Department 's Jail , " read the lawsuit , which was filed in Pierce County Superior Court . "  Plaintiffs had a reasonable expectation of privacy which was violated by their having been secretly videotaped in assorted states of undress . It is believed that officers may have committed this offense for the purpose of obtaining arousal or personal gratification , " the suit continued . Police and the city deny any wrongdoing . They say suspects are given clothes to change into before having their mug shots taken , and are recorded for the safety of everyone at the jail . "  People are very creative in where they can hide things . They hide things in places you would n't image . The jail business is not fun and it 's not safe . So we have to expect the worst , " said Kevin Yamamoto , city attorney for Puyallup . The lawsuit describes in great detail the alleged experiences of the 12 plaintiffs , who are identified by their initials . S.C. was recorded changing clothes in a holding cell . She alleges that officers made inappropriate comments , saying things like , "  I love red heads , " and "  You have a nice body , " the lawsuits reads . "  What they were doing is perverted . This is like a porn video they were watching . I feel extremely violated . They took me at my most vulnerable part and forced me to indulge in their needs or sick fantasy to watch me undress and gawk at me afterwards , " S.C. is quoted as saying . Another plaintiff , identified as M.L. , was recorded using the toilet and changing her clothes . "  It was one of the worst experiences of my life because of how mean and rude they treated me . I am absolutely horrified and violated . I honestly ca n't believe it . I had no idea there were cameras around . The fact those are supposed to be police officers upholding our justice system while violating it is absolutely disgusting , " she said . Capt. Ryan Portmann , with the Puyallup police , accused Egan of picking the 12 plaintiffs out of many possible cases because they look better on paper . Jail video monitoring is widespread . Many correctional institutions use it , and it 's legitimate , Portmann said . "  I 'm just as human as anyone else , and I would n't like it , " said Yamamoto , the city attorney . But , he added : "  We have a facility we need to ensure the safety of . " CNN 's Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	The lawsuit was filed on behalf of 12 plaintiffs : 11 women and one man "  I am absolutely horrified and violated . I honestly ca n't believe it , " says one Police and the city of Puyallup , Washington , deny any wrongdoing They say suspects are recorded for the safety of everyone at the jail
CNN  -- The fiance of Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber confirmed Thursday she took part in an illegal marriage in exchange for money 17 years ago -- a chapter in her life that her husband-to-be did n't know about until it came to light this week . "  This is the most painful part for me , " Cylvia Hayes , 47 , said in a news conference in Portland . "  John Kitzhaber deserved to know the history of the person he was forming a relationship with . The fact that I did not disclose this to him meant that he has learned about this in the most public and unpleasant way . " Fraudulent green card marriages are a federal offense , but Hayes said she needed the money at the time , when she was 29 . The two were married in Washington state . "  We met only a handful of times . We never lived together . I have not had any contact with him since the divorce finalized in 2002 , " Hayes said in the news conference , which was recorded by CNN affiliate KPTV . Asked if Hayes could face charges , the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Oregon gave CNN a firm , "  No comment . " Kitzhaber is running for re-election next month , having already served three nonconsecutive terms . The Democrat was first elected in 1994 and remained in office until 2003 . In 2010 , he was elected to a third term , and he 's now seeking a fourth in a race that he 's expected to win . He won his last election with 65 % of the vote . While Kitzhaber and Hayes are n't married , they 've been a couple for more than a decade and engaged since this summer , according to local news reports . Hayes has been officially referred to as Oregon 's first lady during Kitzhaber 's latest term . The story became public after the Willamette Week local newspaper reported she had an undisclosed third marriage . Further digging into the marriage found that the groom was an 18-year-old immigrant from Ethiopia , nearly a decade her junior . Kitzhaber did n't find out about the marriage until Tuesday , Hayes said in the press conference . "  It was wrong then and it is wrong now and I am here today to accept the consequences , some of which will be life changing . And I can not predict what direction this will go , " Hayes said . CNN 's Tony Marco contributed to this report .	Oregon 's first lady said she married an immigrant in exchange for money . Cylvia Hayes said she agreed to the marriage in 1997 and got divorced in 2002 . Her longtime partner and fianc , Gov. John Kitzhaber did n't know about it until this week . U.S. Attorney 's Office says "  no comment " on whether Hayes will face charges .
CNN  -- When President Barack Obama said this weekend that bombing Syrian targets is the right thing to do , and then asked Congress to approve it , the international crisis took a turn toward a fierce domestic battle . There are so many moving parts to this complicated story that it can become quite difficult to keep up . Let this Q&A bring you up to speed on the dizzying developments . Is the U.S. going to war with Syria ? No -- at least not yet . Even though Obama said he wants to strike Syrian targets after the regime allegedly used chemical weapons on a rebel stronghold last month , he says he wants to wait for Congress ' blessing first . When will Congress decide ? Not anytime soon . Lawmakers wo n't be back in Washington until September 9 . But the Senate Foreign Relations Committee says it 'll hold a hearing on Syria this Tuesday . Ca n't lawmakers be called in earlier ? They can , for an emergency debate . But Obama said he wo n't ask for that . Gen. Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , says it 's fine to wait . According to officials , Dempsey told the president a delay wo n't jeopardize a military strike . Will Congress support Obama ? Obama might be able to count on the Senate , where the Democrats hold a slim majority . The question is , will the Republican-dominated House go along ? Lawmakers agree that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's alleged use of chemical weapons is a travesty . But they also do n't want a repeat of Iraq . Where exactly does the hesitation lie ? Some , like Republican Sen. Ted Cruz , say the U.S. should act only if there 's a clear threat to its national security . Others , like Republican senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham , say airstrikes wo n't go far enough . They want al-Assad removed from power . Does Obama really have to wait for Congress ' green light ? Technically , no . The 1973 War Powers Act allows the president to launch military action , but he must notify Congress within 48 hours . But just because he can does n't mean he will . "  While I believe I have the authority to carry out this military action without specific congressional authorization , I know that the country will be stronger if we take this course , and our actions will be even more effective , " he said Saturday . "  We should have this debate , because the issues are too big for business as usual . " But did n't he order airstrikes in Libya in 2011 without congressional approval ? How is Syria different ? In Libya , the U.S. was backing NATO action . In Syria 's case , there 's been no U.N. Security Council resolution calling for an intervention . If the U.S. goes in , it would be going in unilaterally . What 's the U.N. saying ? U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says he 'll go before the Security Council after a team of U.N. inspectors -- who 've been on the ground investigating the alleged attack -- presents its report . But it could take the team up to three weeks to analyze the evidence . And even then , it 'll only say if there was a chemical attack , not who was behind it . So would the U.S. really have no foreign support ? British Prime Minister David Cameron called for military action against Syria -- only to have his hopes quashed when lawmakers narrowly voted it down . French ministers will meet Monday to discuss Syria , and hold a debate two days later . "  France can not act alone , " its interior minister said Sunday . "  We need a coalition . " German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said the time gained waiting for U.S. congressional approval "  must be used to reach a common position of the international community within the U.N. Security Council . " In another tweet , he said that the results from the U.N. inspectors ' visit to Syria "  must be sped up . " How do Americans feel ? A poll released last week showed almost 80 % of Americans think Obama should get congressional approval first . And after his announcement Saturday , anti-war protests sprouted up across the country -- including one in Los Angeles that drew hundreds . And what about Syria . How does it feel about all of this ? The Syrian government has said it did n't use chemical weapons in the August 21 attack . It says jihadists fighting alongside Syrian rebels used them to turn global sentiment against the regime . Syria 's prime minister says the country 's army is on "  maximum readiness and fingers are on the trigger to confront all challenges . " What about the Syrian opposition ? A major Syrian opposition group , the Syrian National Coalition , said it was disappointed by Obama wanting Congress ' permission . "  We ca n't understand how you can promise to help those who are being slaughtered every day in the hundreds , giving them false hope , then change your mind and say ` Let 's wait and see , ' " the group told CNN . And the Local Coordination Committees in Syria , another opposition group , lamented the notion that a U.S. strike would be limited . "  A limited strike to merely warn Assad today will lead to nothing but his increase in violence , as well as to his complete confidence that no one would prevent him from killing , " the group said in a statement . "  In the end , no one will pay the price but the Syrian people . " How exactly would U.S. carry out an attack ? No one is calling for boots on the ground . Five U.S. warships with Tomahawk cruise missiles are waiting in the Mediterranean Sea . The Tomahawk has a range of about 1,000 miles . It can loiter over targets , circling for hours , and can be reprogrammed midflight to change course . Yes , each costs about $ 1.2 million , but they can be fired from quite a distance . This means no one has to get within range of Syrian fire . Could Syria strike back ? Syria has some anti-ship missiles -- but they have a range of only 62 to 186 miles , says Edward Hunt , a senior analyst at IHS Jane 's . It also has a number of Scuds and similar surface-to-surface weapons , but these are not designed to be used against moving targets such as U.S. warships , Hunt said . How are the neighbors reacting ? Security is tight in Lebanon , where one in six is now a Syrian refugee . In Israel , there 's been a rush on gas masks because residents fear that Syria could target Israel for retaliation . And Jordan , a key Western ally , says it wo n't be a launchpad for a strike . This is all a lot to digest . Give me the takeaway . A U.S. strike against Syria is not imminent . And even though Obama can launch a military attack unilaterally , he 'd prefer to have Congress ' approval first . CNN 's Dana Bash , Saad Abedine , Jim Acosta , Gregory Wallace , Evan Perez , Laura Smith-Spark , Mohammed Jamjoom , Tom Watkins , Catherine E. Shoichet , and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Congress wo n't be back until September 9 Poll : 80 % of Americans feel Obama needs Congress ' permission Some decry the alleged chemical weapons attacks , but do n't want another Iraq Syria says it is ready to confront any challenge
London , England  CNN  -- The British parliament was officially dissolved on Monday , as a nationwide election campaign launches to determine if Gordon Brown can hang on as prime minister . The opposition Conservative party , led by David Cameron , has consistently held an edge in recent opinion polls , but it is not clear that Cameron has a big enough lead to dislodge Brown . Elections take place on May 6 . Brown 's Labour party has been in power for 13 years , first under Tony Blair and , since 2007 , with Brown as prime minister . Brown is hoping to lead Labour to an unprecedented fourth consecutive term in office . Under the British parliamentary system , voters choose a member of parliament from each of 650 constituencies , or districts . The party with the most seats traditionally gets the first chance to form the new government . Queen Elizabeth II , as head of state , formally dissolved parliament on Monday , a procedural step . The announcement means there are officially no members of Parliament as of 5 p.m. London time Monday  12 noon ET . "  MPs immediately revert to being members of the general public and lose all the privileges associated with being a Member of Parliament , " Parliament 's Web site says . "  They are allowed access to Parliament for just a few days to remove papers and equipment from their offices . But all MPs ' services and facilities are closed at 5 p.m. on the day of dissolution , " the site says . "  Government ministers remain in charge of their departments until after the election result is known , " according to Parliament , but do not make any major policy decisions . The new parliament is due to take office on May 24 .	UK voters go to polls in general election on May 6 Labour chasing fourth straight victory but Conservatives ahead in polls Dissolution of parliament a procedural step performed by Queen Elizabeth II New parliament due to take office on May 24
CNN  -- For astronaut Jose Hernandez , his first space flight , scheduled to be aboard the space shuttle Discovery , marks a remarkable journey from the farm fields of California to the skies . Astronaut Jose Hernandez is an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan , Mexico . Hernandez , an American-born son of immigrants from Michoacan , Mexico , is getting plenty of attention at home and abroad for his journey from working the fields to operating some of the most advanced mechanics on the space shuttle . Mexican President Felipe Calderon called the 47-year-old astronaut over the weekend to congratulate him . A transcript of the entire conversation was promptly posted online by the Mexican government . Hernandez is also reaching out to fans through Twitter , where he posts updates under the name " @Astro -- Jose . " "  I come from a very humble family and what I would call a typical migrant farm working family , " Hernandez said in a NASA interview . As a child , Hernandez 's family split their time between Mexico and California , where they worked as migrant farm workers . During the school year his parents emphasized his education , but on the weekends Hernandez would help the family , he said in the interview , posted on the NASA Web site . Growing up in Stockton , California , it was Hernandez 's job as the youngest child to hold up the rabbit ear antennas on the family 's television set in order to get the best reception while everyone watched the Apollo missions . "  Now I kid around with my family saying that , you know , it was through osmosis that I became an astronaut because I was closest to the whole situation , " Hernandez told NASA . The real catalyst for his dream to become an astronaut , however , came when Franklin Chang-Diaz , became the first Latin American astronaut in 1981 . "  There was a lot of parallels and that 's when I challenged myself . I said , "  Hey , if Franklin can do it , why ca n't I do it ? " Hernandez said in the interview . Hernandez earned undergraduate and graduate degrees in electrical engineering , and before joining NASA worked on a number of high-tech projects , including an X-ray laser to be deployed in space , a digital mammography system and the disposal of excess nuclear material in Russia , his official biography states . According to NASA , there are nine Hispanics currently in the astronaut program , and 13 total in the program 's history . Astronaut Danny Olivas , also of Mexican descent , will also fly on Discovery 's upcoming 13-day mission . The scheduled launch of Discovery on Tuesday was scrubbed twice , once because of weather and then hours later because of of mechanical issues involving a drain valve . NASA did not announce a new launch schedule .	Astronaut Jose Hernandez is an American-born son of Mexican immigrants Jose Hernandez scheduled to be aboard the space shuttle Discovery "  I come from ... a typical migrant farm working family , " Hernandez said Mexican President called the 47-year-old astronaut to congratulate him
CNN  -- Canadian explorer Adam Shoalts knew he was heading into uncharted territory when he set out on a solo expedition to explore northeastern Canada 's remote Again River . What the 27-year-old from Fenwick , Ontario , did n't expect was to find himself hurtling over a 20-foot waterfall that had never been documented -- and then go on to discover six more waterfalls after fixing his canoe . The nearly 100-kilometer long Again River is a tributary of Quebec 's Harricanaw River , part of Canada 's Hudson Bay Lowlands . It 's one of the largest roadless areas on earth outside Antarctica , says Shoalts , containing rivers so remote that even today there are a few that have escaped accurate mapping -- including the Again . "  The expedition was five years in the making , " he says . "  Extensive research went into it , looking through explorers ' records , Geological Survey notes , speaking directly with aboriginal elders . " But his research did n't offer any hints as to the dangers that lay ahead . Even Google Earth 's low-resolution satellite imagery , all that 's available for this remote part of Canada , is deficient for detecting waterfalls . "  The plan was to explore the river , record information about flora and fauna , rapids and the geography in general , " he says . "  I knew there would be lots of whitewater rapids , but no one knew that waterfalls existed on the river . " ` Yikes , this is going to be bad ! ' With the support of the Royal Canadian Geographical Society , Shoalts conducted two reconnaissance expeditions to the area  one in 2008 and another in 2009  , exploring the wilderness around the Again River . But he was n't able to canoe the Again , as just getting to the river 's isolated headwaters is a challenge that involves a few days of bushwhacking and creek-hopping . "  In August 2012 , I went back , this time alone , determined to canoe the river no matter what , " he says . "  The seven waterfalls were so unexpected and special . " The first waterfall Shoalts found -- before it was too late to go around it -- was 20-feet high . Of the six he went on to discover , the highest was 40-feet high . "  My first thought when I realized I was being swept over a waterfall was , ` Wow ! What an amazing discovery ! The Geographical Society will be thrilled ! " he recalls . "  The second thought was , ` Yikes ! This is going to be bad ! ' I realized I could n't escape from the current so I just braced myself for the drop . " Shoalts says he was sucked underwater beneath the fall "  for longer than was comfortable . " He resurfaced , out of breath , and spotted his canoe upside down in an eddy near the riverbank . "  I swam to shore , recovered most of my gear -- except my hat , fishing rod and some moccasins -- and then set about repairing my canoe . "  Once I got my breath , that is . It took about an hour and a half to get the canoe back in shape and ready to continue downriver . " Return to the scene of discovery This week , Shoalts is heading back to the Again River to continue his work for the Royal Canadian Geographical Society  RCGS  . He 'll retrace his route and photograph , measure and document the precise location of each waterfall so that they can be added to topographical maps , pending verification from Spot satellite imagery . "  This expedition is geographical exploration in the truest sense : Shoalts 's work will change the map of Canada -- a rarity in 21st century exploration , " says the RCGS . Technology is helping explorers make discoveries in an era when significant finds are incredibly rare . Most recently , in June of this year , archaeologists announced they 'd found a huge medieval city buried beneath impenetrable jungle on a remote mountain in Siem Reap , Cambodia . It would n't have been discovered but for the help of a remote sensing laser instrument . Though Shoalts says gadgets are useful in the field , it 's important not to rely on them completely . "  Modern electronic gear and other gadgetry is no substitute for traditional skills and knowledge , " he says . "  In the beginning , I never used a GPS , only map and compass , sun and stars . Now I have a GPS , but I do n't rely on it . "  A satellite phone allows me to communicate from the wilderness , but it does n't work in the forest or in the rain , so it has limitations and I try not to rely on it . "  I use a modified theodolite , designed by my engineer father , to measure waterfall heights . " He also relies on aerial photographs and satellite imagery when planning expeditions , "  but ultimately , they are no substitute for old-fashioned ` boots-on-the-ground ' exploration . " For those with their own Magellan dreams , it 's not too late to get into the game , says Shoalts . "  The age of exploration will never be truly over -- the oceans , caves , Antarctica , so much of northern Canada -- it will take a long time to explore , " he says . "  New species are still discovered , and then there will always be archeology , paleontology , science -- imagination is the only limit really . "	Explorer Adam Shoalts , 27 , finds seven uncharted waterfalls on remote Canadian river Royal Canadian Geographical Society says discovery will change the map of Canada Shoalts recounts being swept over 20-foot-high waterfall in his canoe
Liberia went to the polls Tuesday for a runoff election after incumbent President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf failed to win the votes needed for an outright victory last month . Johnson Sirleaf , who won the Nobel Peace Prize this year , needed 50 % to avoid a runoff in the October 11 election , but did not reach it . Polls were scheduled to close at 1 p.m. EST. . She faces challenger Winston Tubman , who came second . While the U.S.-based Carter Center said the October balloting was "  peaceful , orderly , and remarkably transparent , " opposition parties have protested the results , and claimed voting irregularities . Tubman has reportedly refused to participate in the runoff , alleging it wo n't be fair , and there have been calls to boycott the election , the United Nations has said . On Monday , members of the Tubman 's Congress for Democratic Change clashed with police in what authorities called an unauthorized protest , state-owned radio network Liberia Broadcasting System reported . At least one person was killed and several others wounded in the clashes in the capital city of Monrovia , the network reported . Both U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the Security Council have called on Liberians to refrain from violence . "  Regardless of your political views , I appeal to all Liberians to say no to violence on Election Day , " said Ellen Margrethe Loj , the U.N.Secretary-General 's special representative and head of the U.N. Mission in Liberia  UNMIL  . It is the second presidential election since a 14-year civil war ended in 2005 . The war devastated Liberia and left an estimated 250,000 people dead , and voters are hoping for more peaceful and prosperous days ahead . Johnson Sirleaf has said she wants to preserve the peace . "  We 've put in the fundamentals , the foundation -- the possibility to reach our accelerated growth and development , fix our infrastructure , the potential , and chances are so high , " she said before the election . Liberia faces many challenges : up to 80 % of Liberians are unemployed and a majority live without basic necessities such as water and electricity .	Ellen Johnson Sirleaf faced challenger Winston Tubman There had been calls to boycott the election The United Nations called on Liberians to refrain from violence It is the second presidential election since the end of a 14-year civil war
A truce between Syrian government and rebel forces in the strategic and symbolic city of Homs has gone into effect , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Wednesday . An operation to evacuate opposition fighters and their families has begun , the London-based group said . The ancient city became known as the capital of the uprising against the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . It has experienced some of the worst of the violence in a bloody civil war that has left more than 100,000 people dead and driven millions of people from their homes across the country . As many as 2,500 people are thought to be trapped in Homs , portions of which have been under siege since June 2012 . Efforts to get humanitarian aid to those inside the city have been plagued by difficulties amid the fighting . Syrian rebels have said that the truce in the city was brokered after they agreed to release 70 Lebanese Hezbollah fighters , 20 Iranian officers captured by the Islamic Front in Aleppo and an Iranian female agent who was captured at the end of March . Hezbollah and Iran have backed al-Assad 's government in the war . Truce follows talks Under the deal , once the opposition fighters reach their final destination in Al-Dara Al-Kabira in the province of Homs , the first group of pro-regime prisoners will be released from the towns of Nubul and Zahra in rural Aleppo . Representatives of the rebel fighters and of Islamic battalions have negotiated in recent days with those of Syrian government forces , the pro-regime National Defense militias , the Lebanese Shiite group Hezbollah and the governor of Homs , according to the observatory . The talks were mediated by civil committees and the United Nations in the presence of representatives from the Iranian and Russian embassies . In a statement to the state-run Syrian news agency SANA , Homs Gov. Talal al-Barazi said that the process of settlement and reconciliation will begin simultaneously with the rebels ' departure so as to have the city cleared of arms . After the city is cleared , a Syrian army unit will begin a search to detect and dismantle explosive devices , mines and remove barricades , he said . Opposition defiant Syria 's opposition has tried to spin the truce as a victory over al-Assad 's regime . But handing over control of the city could be a strategic setback . "  This deal proves that the Assad regime is a puppet manipulated by Iran , and that it is the sole importer of terrorists , and perhaps the exclusive agent of terrorism in the region , " Noura Al Ameer , vice president of the opposition Syrian Coalition , said before the truce went into effect . Al-Barazi has said the removal of rebel fighters and weapons from Homs will help the government improve security and stability in Syria . But the coalition has expressed doubt that the truce will hold . "  We fear for the safety of those in Homs as the regime has always reneged on its promises , " the group said . Terms of the deal The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights has said that the Homs pact will call for : 1 . The withdrawal of rebel and Islamist fighters from Homs neighborhoods under the supervision of regime forces and delegates from the United Nations ; 2 . The opening by rebel forces of a safe passage for the provision of food and medical aid to the Shiite enclaves of Nubul and Zahraa in the Aleppo countryside , considered to be regime strongholds the rebels have blocked for months ; 3 . The withdrawal of rebel forces from Homs via the Hama-Homs highway toward Al-Dara Al-Kabira in Homs province 's north countryside ; 4 . The granting of amnesty to 50 fighters who defected from regime forces in Homs ' al-Waer neighborhood ; 5 . The takeover by regime forces of the al-Waer neighborhood in Homs in addition to the entrance and exit into the neighborhoods of Jouret Shiah , Al-Qarabees , Hamidiyeh , Wadi Al-Sayeh and the Old City of Homs ; 6 . Retreating rebel and Islamist fighters to keep their personal weapons for protection in the event of any breach of the pact . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said later Wednesday that about 600 fighters had left the besieged part of Homs for an area in the northern part of the city , with more expected to follow . But efforts elsewhere in Syria to help those suffering were n't all proceeding as planned . The observatory said that an "  Islamic battalion " had blocked an aid convoy aiming for al-Nubul and al-Zahra , two Shiite villages in Aleppo province . Jihadist group ` crucifies ' bodies to send message Attacks kill nearly 60 in Homs , Damascus , Syrian media report Opinion : Forget Ukraine , Syria is now the world 's biggest threat	Group says "  Islamic battalion " blocks aid into two villages Evacuation of rebels from the Old City of Homs begins , an opposition group says Under the truce , the rebels say they will release Hezbollah and Iranian captives Homs became known as the capital of the uprising against the Syrian regime
CNN  -- France 's far-right National Front has won a nationwide election for the first time , as far-right parties across Europe caused a political "  earthquake , " with a string of victories in voting for the European Parliament . The National Front , led by Marine Le Pen , notched up 24.95 % of the vote in France , according to official estimates , well ahead of mainstream parties UMP and the Socialist Party . Le Pen said the win showed that people want to see change in Europe . France 's Socialist Prime Minister Manuel Valls said the result was "  more than a warning . It is a shock , an earthquake . " Right-wing parties also gained ground in the UK , Denmark and Austria , according to projections posted on the European Parliament 's official elections website . Voters across Europe have been casting ballots for days in the parliamentary vote . There are 751 seats from 28 countries up for grabs . With most of the ballots counted , provisional results indicate that left-center and right-center parties will still hold a majority of seats in the European Parliament , which plays a key role in shaping European laws and will weigh in on who the European Commission 's next President should be . But right-wing parties and other so-called Euroskeptic groups who oppose the European Union are gaining ground , said Simon Usherwood , an expert on European politics at the University of Surrey . "  I think what 's really changed is you 're seeing a lot more groups on the edges , particularly with the far right , who are going to be much more of a feature of the next five years of the parliament , " he said . So what does that mean ? "  They do n't have enough votes to stop legislation going through , " Usherwood told CNN , "  but what they will get , particularly on the far right , is the time for speaking in debates , the chairmanship of certain committees , which means that they 're going to have much more of a platform on which they can sell their message to voters . " In France , which has 74 seats in the European Parliament , the National Front won 24.95 % of votes , according to official estimates , coming in ahead of the center-right UMP , which scored 20.8 % , and President Francois Hollande 's Socialist Party , which came in third with 14 % . Even though the vote was for a regional legislative body , the potential impact on France 's national political landscape was clear on Sunday . The results sparked stunned reactions from some French politicians and triumphant victory speeches from others . PM Valls described the election as "  a very serious moment for France and for Europe , " noting that projections indicate that voters are skeptical of the European Union . "  None of us can shirk their responsibilities , " he said , according to a summary of his remarks posted on the French government 's website . Meanwhile , National Front leader Marine Le Pen said the results showed that French voters wanted more control . "  The sovereign people have proclaimed that they want to take back the reigns of their destiny into their hands . Our people demand one type of politics : politics of the French , for the French , with the French . They no longer want to be directed from outside , " she said . She said the vote shows that President Francois Hollande should dissolve France 's parliament , where most lawmakers come from mainstream political parties . Nearly 400 million Europeans were eligible to vote in the parliamentary elections . Turnout was just over 43 % , slightly higher than it was during the last vote in 2009 , Parliament spokesman Jaume Duch said . "  The clear message here is that people are unhappy with the way mainstream political parties have handled the economic crisis , and they 're giving them a good kicking , " said Petros Fassoulas , chairman of the pro-Europe European Movement . Before the election , analysts predicted that protest parties were likely to triumph at the polls . Those parties are demanding tighter border controls , nationalized decision-making and a dissolution of the currency union . But they have little in common aside from a dislike of the Brussels bureaucracy , so it 's difficult for them to find much common ground , Usherwood said . "  They can agree they do n't like the EU , " Usherwood said , "  but they ca n't agree what they like and what the answer is . " CNN 's Pierre Meilhan , Jim Bittermann , Ivana Kottasova , Jonathan Mann and Bryony Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : Vote shows the French "  no longer want to be directed from the outside , " Le Pen says "  The result is a shock , an earthquake , " French Prime Minister Manuel Valls says France 's far-right National Front party poised to win a nationwide vote for the first time Voters across Europe have been casting ballots for 751 seats from 28 countries
CNN  -- Heavy rain that began pounding California on Tuesday threatened to unleash dangerous floods and mudslides , especially in areas ravaged by wildfires . Residents of La Canada Flintridge , California , fill sandbags to prepare heavy rains in the fire-affected area . "  Very heavy rain is likely over the Sierra Nevada and foothills from later today through Wednesday morning as a strong and very moist Pacific storm moves into the region , " the National Weather Service said . Up to 8 inches of rain could fall in areas above 4,000 feet , it said . Forecasters described it as the first major storm of the season . The Santa Cruz County Office of Emergency Services issued a mandatory evacuation order for 60 homes in a section of Davenport , an unincorporated community north of Santa Cruz along the state 's central coast . The San Lorenzo Valley high school , middle school , and elementary schools are closed , the county said . Many roads were flooding in Santa Cruz County , emergency management officials said . The area burned in the summer 's Lockheed fire , increasing the chances of mudslides in the current storm . Wind gusts above 50 mph were reported from automated observation sites at high elevations , and rainfall was heavy over the Santa Cruz Mountains , the weather service said . Gusty winds were reported in the San Francisco Bay Area , but heavy rain there was expected to end by early evening . "  Although it has been very dry for a lengthy period of time , excessive amounts of rain of this magnitude may produce flooding in locations that normally do not flood during an early autumn rainfall , " the weather service said . California 's Emergency Management Agency was conducting conference calls with the National Weather Service to stay abreast of the latest reports , spokesman Greg Renick said . The agency had advised other agencies to make emergency preparations , he said . Sandbags have been positioned at vulnerable locations . "  We have activated the state Operations Center in Sacramento and also activated the centers in Los Alamitos and Oakland , " Renick said . One major area of concern is the land burned by the Station wildfire in August and September , forecasters said . That 160,000-acre fire destroyed about 80 homes in Los Angeles County . "  The heavy rain will create favorable conditions for mud and rock slides over burn scars , " said the weather service , which issued numerous flood watches and warnings . Forecasters said debris flows also were possible in or near areas burned by blazes such as the Big Meadows Fire in Yosemite National Park , the Power Fire in Tulare County and the fire in San Bernardino National Forest .	Evacuations ordered , schools closed near Santa Cruz Storm is expected to dump as much as 8 inches of rain Storm could hit parts of Southern California that the Station wildfire burned Residents filled sandbags to prepare for flooding
CNN  -- North Korea has made another move toward possibly restarting its suspended nuclear program , the U.N. nuclear agency reports . A South Korean looks at the demolition of a cooling tower at the North 's Yongbyon nuclear complex , June 27 , 2008 . At the reclusive nation 's request , the International Atomic Energy Agency has removed surveillance equipment and seals from the Yongbyon nuclear facility , agency spokeswoman Melissa Fleming said . The move clears the way for North Korea to reintroduce nuclear material to the facility . The North has told the IAEA that it will do that in a week or so . The U.N. nuclear watchdog will no longer have access at Yongbyon and will not be able to monitor any activities at the nuclear reprocessing facility . Mohamed ElBaradei , director-general of the International Atomic Energy Agency , said Monday that agency inspectors had observed that "  some equipment previously removed by  North Korea  during the disablement process has been brought back . " ElBaradei said then that he was hopeful that conditions could be developed for North Korea "  to return to the Non-Proliferation Treaty at the earliest possible date and for the resumption by the agency of comprehensive safeguards . " Last week , a South Korean news agency reported that North Korea was restoring a reactor at Yongbyon nuclear complex and no longer wanted to be removed from a U.S. list of countries that sponsor terrorism . Hyun Hak-Bong , a chief North Korean negotiator at the six-nation talks aimed at halting the country 's nuclear program , told reporters his country was "  thoroughly preparing to restart " the reactor and that reporters would "  know soon " when his country would do that , the Yonhap news agency said . But a senior U.S. diplomat has said the announcement could simply be a bargaining ploy in the long-running negotiations . The U.S. had seen no indications North Korea was actually rebuilding its reactor , the diplomat said . The U.S. envoy to North Korea addressed the fresh standoff with reporters Monday , saying the U.S. was still trying to strike a deal with Pyongyang to come clean on its nuclear claims . "  The six-party process has had its difficult moments and we are certainly experiencing one now , " Assistant Secretary of State Chris Hill told reporters . Although North Korea has threatened to restart its nuclear reactor at Yongbyon , "  We do n't expect any dramatic developments in the next few days , " he said . Hill said U.S. officials had the impression North Korea wanted to reach agreement with Bush administration before it left office . Earlier , a senior State Department official told CNN that in recent weeks the North Koreans had taken a "  harder-line stance toward the six-party talks . " U.S. intelligence officials told CNN last week that North Korean leader Kim Jong Il has been suffering serious health problems , and may have had a stroke . North Korea had agreed to disable the Yongbyon nuclear complex by October in exchange for a pledge from the U.S. to lift some sanctions and remove North Korea from a list of countries that sponsor terrorism .	IAEA : N. Korea nuclear plant seals have been removed U.N. nuclear watchdog will no longer have access to the plant N. Korea had agreed to abandon its atomic weapons program for energy aid
CNN  -- Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , 38 , has never lived a day in which his father Moammar did n't rule Libya -- as its undisputed leader inside the country and an enigmatic , controversial voice for the world . And yet , as the Libyan government faced a stiff popular uprising , it was Moammar Gadhafi 's second eldest son -- and not the Leader of the Revolution himself -- who was first to talk to the nation about the unrest and detail a plan to address it . The speech , made early Monday on Libyan state television , does not mean that Saif Gadhafi has usurped power from his father : Senior U.S. officials said there 's no indication the elder Gadhafi is losing his grip . Still , many were left thinking : Why did Saif speak ? There was no public explanation why his father , who state-run TV showed repeatedly being showered with support as his limousine rolled down a packed Tripoli street or in a crowded hall , did n't talk . One way to explain the choice , said David Schencker of the Washington Institute for Near East Affairs think tank , is Moammar Gadhafi is "  consistently inconsistent " -- meaning , his decisions are famously hard to understand or predict . Still , experts say , what may make Saif stand out most is that , among his relatives , he seems the polar opposite of his father . "  I do n't think Saif is a hated figure , " said Michele Dunne of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , a Washington think tank . "  He has seemed to have some good intentions . " Whereas Moammar Gadhafi years ago launched a program to "  destroy imported ideologies , whether they are Eastern or Western , " his son speaks fluent English , earned his PhD from the London School of Economics , written an op-ed in the New York Times and has been a frequent go-between in talks with international officials . Moammar rarely goes anywhere without a distinctive tribal dress and an ornate Bedouin tent . The well-traveled Saif , meanwhile , addressed the Libyan nation early Monday in Western business attire : a suit and tie . While the father runs a nation , his son 's main job -- at least before his 2009 appointment as General Coordinator , a position like many in the nation 's government with few guidelines -- was heading a charity , the Gadhafi Foundation . Thus , instead of calling Islamic militants "  mad dogs " and "  terrorists , " Saif 's charity last week engineered the prison release of 110 members of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group . And lastly , while the elder Gadhafi is known for his heavy-handed rule in Libya and its restrictions on civil rights and more , Saif Gadhafi has fashioned himself as a human rights advocate and pushed for democratic and institutional reforms that could give more power and freedoms to the people . Still , the sputtering of Saif Gadhafi 's public pro-democracy and pro-rights agenda suggest the real limits on his authority . While some long banned non-governmental organizations and media were allowed into Libya for the first time in recent years , access was tightly controlled and the movement 's momentum stalled . "  Periodically , his father has given him a bit of leash and  Saif  has gone out and talked about creating a constitution " and similar reforms , said Schencker , a former U.S. Defense Department official . "  But then these things get reined back . " In fact , until Monday , many experts felt the most powerful Gadhafi outside of Moammar was Saif 's brother , Mutassim , Libya 's national security advisor . Saif 's rights-centered focus and Western outreach put him at odds with the country 's old guard . Thus , his Monday speech notwithstanding , Dunne said she did n't think it was a precursor to Saif taking his father 's place . "  Right now , my gut tells me it 's unlikely that Saif would emerge , " said Dunne , who is also editor of the Arab Reform Bulletin . "  He 's rather weak . " And Dunne said Saif 's gambit , proposing a major political reforms if the uprising ends , is n't likely to end in a deal . Beyond the fact there 's little indication that anti-government demonstrators will give up their fight , Libya has shown little inclination to liberalize or democratize in the 42 years under his father . Moreover , for all their differences , Saif 's standing in the world is still largely defined by his father 's role in Libya . Even while some may see the son as more open to change , there 's little question that his loyalty remains first with Moammar and that his father has given little indication publicly that he 's ready to let go and calls the shots . "  Those promises have much less credibility than what they might have in other Arab countries , " she said . "  People have no faith in the family . "	Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , 38 , gives Libya 's first public speech acknowledging unrest There 's been no public indication why he , and not his father Moammar , talked As Western-educated and reform-minded , Saif has differences with his father An expert says that , his speech notwithstanding , it 's unlikely Saif will rise to power
CNN  -- A few hours before he announced the death of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , Vice President Nicolas Maduro repeated the claim that Chavez 's fatal illness was caused by outsiders , and he labeled the opposition the "  enemy of the nation . " With that , he gave voice to one of the principal legacies of the Chavez era , one of divisiveness and scapegoating . The Chavez legacy , however , includes much more than animosity between rich and poor , between left and right . Chavez played a pivotal role in bringing the plight of Latin America 's impoverished people to the top of the political agenda . It was as if the former paratrooper grabbed a continent by the lapels and shouted "  You must fight against poverty ! " And the continent listened . Even the people who vehemently disagreed with Chavez 's neosocialist , populist ideology realized that economic inequality required urgent attention . In the years after he came to power , aggressive anti-poverty programs have been launched in a number of Latin American countries , with impressive success . Chavez improved the lot of the poor in Venezuela , and he had an impact on the reduction of inequality elsewhere in the region . But in the process , he deeply undermined Venezuelan democracy , and he created a model of authoritarianism that other autocrats copied , harming democracy in many countries . His anti-American , anti-opposition policies gained credence at home when the opposition staged a coup attempt in 2002 that Chavez said was supported by the U.S. His histrionic pretense that he could "  smell sulfur " when he took the podium after "  the devil " George Bush at the United Nations , turned him into a global media superstar , and a prominent player in an anti-Washington alliance with Iran 's regime . He provided a lifeline to the Castro regime in Cuba , and ostentatiously made friends with America 's foes , such as Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi and Syria 's Bashar al-Assad . The social programs he developed brought housing and health care , and they helped feed the poor . He helped raise living standards and inspired millions of passionate supporters . The intensity of support was regularly stoked by the constant attacks against the rich , "  the oligarchs , " as he called them , and the United States , or "  the empire . " But the unorthodox economic methods of his "  21st century socialism " and his "  Bolivarian " revolution , distorted the economy and , in fact , created less economic growth and less prosperity than other countries in Latin America . And a strong case has been made that Venezuela , a country with enormous oil wealth , should have grown far more than it did during the Chavez years , when businesses were regularly confiscated by the government and the vital oil industry was put in the hands of political supporters instead of technical experts . The economic legacy is one of sky-high inflation , chronic shortages and dried up investment . Venezuela 's economy has grown , but more slowly than that of Peru , Brazil or Panama , probably more slowly than it might have . On the political front , Chavez empowered the poor , making them rightly feel that they mattered in system that had been controlled by the rich . But before long , he manipulated the system to a degree that democracy started thinning to little more than a brittle veneer . Chavez unsuccessfully tried to take power through a coup attempt in 1992 . In 1999 , he won the presidency at the ballot box . He kept the top job until the day he died . Immediately after taking office , he convened a constitutional assembly . The new constitution mandated a maximum of two terms in office . He called elections again and won a second time , counting that as the start of his two terms . After winning the presidency for a third time in 2006 , he called a referendum abolishing the presidential term limit and said he might remain president until 2030 . He won for a fourth time last year . Had mortality not interfered , Chavez could have become the eternal president . That manipulation of the electoral system has been one of the most pernicious legacies of Chavismo . In Nicaragua , for example , President Daniel Ortega , facing a constitutionally mandated end to his presidency , took a page from the Chavez playbook , packing the Supreme Court , which ruled that term limits do not apply to the president . Other Latin American presidents have imitated Chavez populist undemocratic style , intimidating opponents , restricting the media and subverting the judiciary . Human Rights Watch documented the steady erosion of democratic freedoms over the 14 years of Chavez 's tenure , concluding that Chavez and his supporters built "  a system in which the government has free rein to threaten and punish Venezuelans who interfere with their political agenda , creating ever greater risks for judges , journalists and human rights activists . " Chavez and his backers took over practically all the levers of power , all the while claiming democratic legitimacy . They allowed the opposition to continue functioning , which along with the U.S. provided them with a foil to blame for the country 's woes . The judiciary , in particular , became a tool of the government , used for political purposes even as the crime rates spiraled , homicide rates reached unprecedented levels and most crimes went unsolved . The government decided to stop keeping crime statistics , but one private organization counted more than 118,000 homicides since Chavez took office . Experts said one of the problems was the justice system , which , like other parts of government , had become more political than professional . In one infamous case , Judge Maria Lourdes Afiuni granted bail to a banker charged with breaking currency controls while he awaited trial . In his weekly television show , Chavez declared "  The judge has to pay ! " She spent three years in a jail where , she said , she was raped , awaiting trial on trumped-up corruption charges . Chavez shut down critical media outlets and threatened others with closure , refusing to renew broadcast licenses of some of his most powerful critics . In recent years , the appeal of Chavismo started waning in Latin America . Other less divisive , more democratic , and more effective approaches became more popular . With Chavez off the stage in Venezuela , a number of questions hang in the air . The acrimony of his rule has left a dangerously divided Venezuela facing serious social and economic challenges , with the latest accusations by Maduro adding fuel to those hot embers . Chavez leaves behind a country where the poor have been empowered and society has been divided , and a continent where alternatives to his model look more appealing than ever . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Hugo Chavez played key role in focusing attention on the poor She says in the process of helping the poor , he undermined his nation 's democracy Chavez hurt his cause with his cartoonish attacks on the U.S. , she says Ghitis : Human Rights Watch documented erosion of freedoms in Venezuela
