CNN  -- Liverpool dumped Manchester United out of the English FA Cup with a dramatic late winner from Dirk Kuyt at Anfield on Saturday . In their first meeting since the Luis Suarez/Patrice Evra race row erupted in October last year , it was Liverpool who gained the early advantage as Daniel Agger headed home from a corner in the 21st minute . But United , who dominated possession in the first half , were back on level terms before the break as Park Ji-sung fired low past Jose Reina in the 39th minute . A scrappy second half ensued with neither side looking likely to score before Kuyt latched on to a flick from Andy Carroll to drill home an 88th-minute winner in front of a delirious Kop . The result capped a fine week for the Merseyside club as they eliminated both the blue and red sides of Manchester from English football 's domestic cup competitions . Chelsea kept their hopes of winning a seventh FA Cup alive with a 1-0 win at local rivals Queens Park Rangers -- a Juan Mata penalty in the 62nd minute proving decisive . In the other all-Premier League ties , Bolton Wanderers came from behind to beat Swansea City 2-1 at the Reebok Stadium . Luke Moore put the visitors ahead in the 43rd minute only to see former Swansea player Darren Pratley equalize moments later . Bolton 's winner came from Chris Eagles 10 minutes into the second period . West Bromwich Albion could n't make the most of home advantage though , losing 2-1 to Norwich City . Grant Holt put the Canaries in front in the 34th minute with Marc Antoine-Fortune equalizing early on in the second half . But Simeon Jackson made sure of Norwich having their name in the fifth round draw with a goal five minutes from the end . Newcastle United wo n't be in the draw for the next round as they were beaten 1-0 by Championship side Brighton -- a Mike Williamson own goal in the 76th minute sending Gus Poyet 's team through . Goals from Cameron Jerome and Robert Huth ensured last year 's finalists , Stoke City do progress to the next round as they beat Derby County 2-0 . In an all-Championship division tie , Millwall drew with Southampton , while a League One clash saw Stevenage beat Notts County 1-0 . Championship side Hull City were sent crashing out by Division Two side Crawley Town -- Matt Tubbs getting the deciding goal in the 57th minute . Blackpool -- another Championship side -- drew 1-1 with League One 's Sheffield Wednesday . Birmingham City enjoyed a comfortable 4-0 win over Sheffield United , while Leicester City beat Swindon Town 2-0 .	Late winner from Dirk Kuyt sees Merseyside club progress to fifth round of historic English cup competition EPL giants Chelsea also progress with 1-0 win over Queens park Rangers Norwich City beat West Brom 2-1 ; Bolton Wanderers beat Swansea City by same margin
CNN  -- At least 40 people were killed and more than 100 hurt Friday in clashes between tens of thousands of anti-government protesters and security forces outside Sanaa University in Sanaa , the Yemeni capital , medical officials on the scene said . President Ali Abdullah Saleh announced that a state of emergency had been declared , and he expressed his "  deep regret " over the casualties . An Interior Ministry official said both sides suffered casualties in the violence . The official would not be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . Witnesses said the clashes began after government supporters and anti-government demonstrators threw rocks at each other . Security forces shot into the air and then into the crowd ; they also fired tear gas to try to disperse the crowd , witnesses said . "  Orders had been issued earlier to all security apparatus to protect the protesters and the opposition , and to separate them , " Saleh said . At the time the firing began , however , the two sides were far apart -- meaning security forces could not protect the protesters , Saleh said . He also said the protesters opened fire in an area that was full of people . "  Their protests have to be carried out in places away from houses of ordinary people , in order to prevent any friction between them and the people living in those areas , " he said . "  Therefore we have today announced a state of emergency in all regions and the ban of any acts of armed violence in order to preserve the safety and security of citizens , " he added . A spokesman for the Yemeni Embassy in Washington , Mohammed Albasha , called on senior security authorities to bring the perpetrators of Friday 's violence to justice . Separate statements from France and the United States , however , called on the Yemeni government to allow peaceful protests , implying that they believe the Yemeni government was responsible for the deaths and injuries . "  It is now imperative to stop attacks by security forces and pro-government armed groups against individuals exercising their right of expression and demonstration , " the French Foreign Ministry said in a written statement . "  We again urge the Yemeni authorities , as they have previously pledged to do , to protect peaceful demonstrators , to guarantee the civil and political rights , and to adopt concrete and credible measures reaching out to the aspirations of the country . " U.S. President Barack Obama also urged Saleh to stick to his pledge to protect peaceful demonstrations . "  The United States stands for a set of universal rights , including the freedom of expression and assembly , as well as political change that meets the aspirations of the Yemeni people , " he said in a statement . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton released a statement Friday saying that the U.S. is "  alarmed by today 's violence in Sanaa against anti-government protesters " and that she joins Obama in "  condemning the violence . " The U.S. is "  seeking to verify reports that this is the result of actions by the security forces , " Clinton said , adding that "  all perpetrators of violence should should be held accountable and brought to justice . " Amnesty International went further , saying the shootings were part of an "  apparently coordinated sniper attack " on protesters . "  This appears to have been a sniper attack with security forces deliberately shooting to kill protesters from strategic vantage points , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa . Protesters were reportedly chanting anti-government slogans at a protest camp near Sanaa University when armed men in plain clothes , believed to be members of the security forces , started shooting live rounds from the top of nearby buildings , Amnesty International said . Members of the security forces also shot at protesters at street level around the same time , it said . The group said it heard from a witness that the shooting started from different buildings and continued for more than 30 minutes . Hamid al-Ahmar , a member of parliament and leader of Yemen 's opposition Islah Party , also blamed the government . "  The attacks on protesters are unacceptable , and the end of the regime is near , " he declared . "  Saleh has brought upon himself a life of disgrace after the killing of innocent protesters . " Yemen has been wracked by weeks of unrest , with thousands protesting Saleh 's government . High unemployment has fueled much of the anger among a growing young population steeped in poverty . The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom . The president has said he will not run for another term in the next round of elections . He also has pledged to bring a new constitution to a vote by the end of the year and transfer government power to an elected parliamentary system . Journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	France and the United States call on Saleh to allow peaceful assembly Saleh , the president of Yemen , declares a state of emergency An Interior Ministry official says casualties happened on both sides Security forces open fire and use tear gas , witnesses say
CNN  For the first time since she was attacked two years ago , the world can now see the uniform that teenager Malala Yousafzai wore when she was shot in the head by the Taliban . Malala , 17 , has authorized the public display of the bloodied uniform , which includes a blouse , trousers and head scarf . It 's part of an exhibit at the Nobel Peace Center in Oslo , Norway , where she will be receiving the Nobel Peace Prize on Wednesday . The Pakistani teen is the youngest Nobel Peace Prize winner in history . She shares this year 's award with Kailash Satyarthi of India , who was also honored for fighting against the oppression of children and working for children 's right to education . By the time she was 15 years old , Malala had already become an outspoken activist for girls ' right to education . But the Taliban , who were trying to push girls out of classrooms , had a formidable grip on northwestern Pakistan 's Swat Valley . On October 9 , 2012 , Taliban gunmen tracked down her school bus . They asked where Malala was . Her classmates , under threat , pointed her out . Malala was shot in the head . She was hospitalized in critical condition , unresponsive for three days . Eventually , doctors put Malala in a medically induced coma so an air ambulance could fly her from Pakistan to Britain for treatment . She recovered and continued her activism for girls ' right to education -- despite more death threats from the Taliban . "  They can only shoot my body , " Malala told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  They can not shoot my dreams . " While she has n't returned to Pakistan since her shooting , Malala has doubled down on her efforts to improve education for girls around the world , including writing a memoir and making highly publicized trips to Syria and Nigeria . Malala has said she wants the prime ministers of Pakistan and India to attend the ceremony Wednesday where she and Satyarthi will receive their awards . Peace between the two countries , Yousafzai said , is important for their progress . She said awarding the Peace Prize to a Pakistani Muslim and an Indian Hindu "  gives a message to people of love between Pakistan and India , and between different religions . " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Malala Yousafzai 's uniform is part of an exhibit at the Nobel Peace Center in Oslo , Norway The Pakistani teen was shot by the Taliban after advocating for girls ' right to education Malala , 17 , is the youngest Nobel Peace Prize winner in history She and Kailash Satyarthi of India will receive their awards in Oslo on Wednesday
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. counterterrorism officials are investigating possible links between the attempted Northwest Airlines bombing and two former Guantanamo Bay prisoners who say they are leaders in an al Qaeda-affiliated terrorist group based in Yemen , U.S. officials told CNN on Tuesday . The organization , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , has claimed responsibility for the attempted bombing , and the alleged bomber , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , was in Yemen this month . The two self-proclaimed leaders of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula were released from the U.S. detention facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , in 2007 and sent to Saudi Arabia , according to a Department of Defense report on former detainees at Guantanamo who have returned to terrorism activities . The unclassified version of the Defense Intelligence Agency report was released publicly last April and highlights former detainees who have carried out or are suspected of having carried out terrorist attacks after being released from the prison . According to the report , Abu Sufyan al-Shihri was released from Guantanamo in November 2007 and sent to Saudi Arabia ; Mazin Salih Musaid al-Alawi al-Awfi was released in July 2007 and sent to Saudi Arabia . The report says the two men released a video last January announcing their leadership in the new organization , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . That announcement led to questions about how many other former Guantanamo detainees may be planning to carry out terrorist attacks . Pentagon officials have not released updated statistics on recidivism , but the unclassified report from April says 74 individuals , or 14 percent of former detainees , have turned to or are suspected of having turned to terrorism activity since their release . The data represent the most recent publicly available statistics on former detainees tracked by military and other U.S. government intelligence agencies . Of the more than 530 detainees released from the prison between 2002 and last spring , 27 were confirmed to have engaged in terrorist activities and 47 were suspected of participating in a terrorist act , according to Pentagon statistics cited in the spring report . Since the report 's release , the total number of released detainees has risen to about 560 , Pentagon officials said . Pentagon statistics indicate that there was a slight increase in the release of detainees from Guantanamo at the end of 2008 , and the number of released detainees turning to or suspected of turning to the insurgency is almost double , from 7 percent a few years ago , Pentagon officials familiar with the information told CNN . The report said that between December 2008 and March 2009 , nine former detainees were added to the confirmed list ; six of them had been on the suspected list . The Pentagon categorizes as "  suspected " any former Guantanamo detainee about whom significant reporting indicates involvement in terrorist activities . The report categorizes as "  confirmed " any former detainee identified as involved in terrorist activity by a preponderance of evidence -- such as fingerprints , DNA , photo match or reliable or well-corroborated intelligence . "  What 's clear is we are not seeing recidivism on the decline , " said a defense official who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the issue . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman declined to say what officials think is the reason for the increase , but said the United States monitors released detainees as well as it can . The Pentagon 's report on recidivism identified almost 30 former detainees confirmed or suspected to have gone on to fight , including al-Shihri and al-Awfi , and includes examples of what these men did after their release . The report also cited others : • Abdullah Saleh Ali al-Ajmi , who was released in 2005 to Kuwait . In April 2008 , he blew himself up in Mosul , Iraq , killing a number of Iraqis . • Mohammed Ismail was released from the U.S. detention facility at Guantanamo Bay in early 2004 and returned to Afghanistan to be set free . Within four months , the U.S. military said , he was recaptured in Afghanistan attacking U.S. troops there , with paperwork that said he was a Taliban member in good standing . • Abdullah Gulam Rasoul , who was released from Guantanamo in December 2007 and set free in Afghanistan , has become a powerful Taliban military commander in southern Afghanistan , and the United States suspects he is responsible for several attacks on U.S. forces there , the military said . A senior U.S. military official last May said he believes Rasoul is using his Guantanamo experience to build on his "  rock star status " among the Taliban . The U.S. military had no updated information on the status of Rasoul for this story . The Pentagon report also cited men sent home to Morocco who were later captured and accused of recruiting people for al Qaeda in Iraq ; two men freed in Saudi Arabia who became leaders in a new al Qaeda organization there ; and a Russian sent home who later was arrested for playing a role in a gas line bombing .	Two ex-prisoners say they 're leaders in an al Qaeda-affiliated terrorist group based in Yemen Group says it 's behind attempted bombing , and alleged bomber was in Yemen this month Report says pair released from Guantanamo detention facility in 2007 , sent to Saudi Arabia 14 percent of ex-detainees have or are suspected of having turned to terrorism , it says
Texas Gov. Rick Perry is scheduled to be in court on Friday , but he wo n't be there . Instead , he 'll be testing the waters for a possible presidential run . Three days after being fingerprinted and having his mug shot taken following his indictment , Perry will begin a series of visits to critical presidential nominating states - a strong indication that the Texas Republican wo n't let felony charges get in the way of his political ambition . "  The governor is not required to appear on Friday and will maintain his previously scheduled events , " said Perry spokesman Lucy Nashed . Perry heads to New Hampshire , the first-in-the-nation primary state , on Friday for a six-stop tour . On his itinerary is a Manchester event hosted by the conservative group Americans for Prosperity as well as a state GOP rally in Stratham . He 'll be in South Carolina , the first-in-the-South primary state , the following week where he 'll take in a big football game between his alma mater , Texas A&M , and the University of South Carolina . Perry defiant at courthouse Then Perry continues his tour of appealing to key conservatives when he joins other potential presidential contenders , including Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , at an AFP summit in Dallas . His aggressive travel schedule comes as Perry enters the final stretch of his third full term in Austin . Perry is n't running for re-election , and it 's widely expected he 'll continue laying groundwork for a possible second run for president once he leaves his perch in January . Perry was indicted last week on counts alleging coercion of a public servant and abuse of his official capacity . The charges relate to his handling of a political controversy involving a county prosecutor . The case centers on Perry 's veto in June 2013 of $ 7.5 million approved by the Legislature to fund a public integrity unit run by Travis County District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg , a Democrat . He wanted her out , following a drunk-driving arrest . She refused to leave . "  I 'm going to enter this courthouse with my head held high knowing that the actions I took were not only lawful and legal but right , " Perry told reporters . Perry and his team of lawyers are framing the indictment as a political attack , and they 've been successful in drawing up support from Republicans . Even David Axelrod , a former top adviser to President Barack Obama , called the charges "  pretty sketchy . " Dante Scala , political science professor at the University of New Hampshire , said Perry may get a bit of a boost from the attention as he hits the road . But she argued that the Texas Republican still has a lot of work to do to repair damage from his last presidential bid . "  Conservatives might be willing to say he 's a victim of partisan politics , but that does n't mean he 's a much better candidate than they already thought , " Scala said . "  That was the problem before his indictment and it 's the problem after his indictment . " There 's no frontrunner in the 2016 GOP primary , with no potential candidates polling above 20 % in recent surveys . A McClatchy/Marist poll conducted this month before the indictment showed that 7 % of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents backed Perry . None of the 10 candidates asked about in the poll surpassed the 13 % mark , and 23 % of respondents were undecided .	Rick Perry wo n't be in court Friday for his indictment The Texas governor will pursue his aggressive travel schedule He 's heading to New Hampshire and South Carolina this month He 's not ruling out a second run for president in 2016
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- A day after a simmering dispute over the location of a new mosque in Sri Lanka 's capital escalated into an attack by a Buddhist mob , the government says the issue has been resolved . The incident happened Saturday night in Grandpass , a northern sector of Colombo , which is home to a large Muslim population . Police officials say at least five people were injured in the violence , including two police officers . Police commandos and riot squads were moved into the area , and police reimposed a curfew for a second night Sunday . Colombo 's Muslim mayor called it a "  dastardly attack , " and told CNN that this was the latest in a string of such incidents . "  We appeal to the government to ensure such attacks do not recur since the right to worship is enshrined in our Constitution , " said A.J. Mohamed Muzzamil . "  The government should bring the perpetrators of this attack " to justice immediately , he added . The U.S. Embassy in Colombo also expressed its concern . "  This incident is particularly troubling in the light of a number of recent attacks against the Muslim community in Sri Lanka , " the embassy said in a statement . "  Targeting any place of worship should never be permitted and we urge calm from all sides . We call for prosecution of perpetrators in this attack and an end to religious based violence . The right of all Sri Lankans to practice the religion of their choice should be protected . " The rumblings of trouble began about a year ago , when the mosque opened . It was built to replace an older place of worship about half a mile  800 meters  away , which had been earmarked for demolition in line with city development work . The new mosque was just a thousand feet away  300 meters  from a Buddhist temple , and many Buddhist worshipers had objected to the proximity . Their grievance came to a head Saturday night , just a day after Muslims celebrated the end of Ramadan . Dozens of local Buddhists took to the streets to vent their anger . But after holding talks with Muslim leaders and the clergy on both sides , the government announced Sunday that the dispute had been sorted out . Technology Minister Champika Ranawaka , who is also the general secretary of a Buddhist nationalist group , told reporters that the new building would cease to function as a mosque . Instead , the mosque will move back to its original position , and the demolition order will be rescinded . Extensive restoration will be carried out on the building . However , the area remains under tight security . Muslims make up about 7 % of Sri Lanka 's population of 20 million , the majority of whom are Buddhists . CNN 's Iqbal Athas reported from Sri Lanka , with Chandrika Narayan writing in Atlanta .	A Buddhist mob attacks a mosque in the Sri Lankan capital , Colombo The dispute began over the relocation of a mosque The government says the issue has now been resolved
CNN  -- A proposal by a coalition of Persian Gulf nations to decrease tensions between the government and the opposition in Yemen may have done just the opposite . One day after the Gulf Cooperation Council released a statement urging Yemen President Ali Abdullah Saleh to transfer powers to his vice president , thousands of protestors returned to the streets Monday for marches and opposition leaders are vowing not to back down . One eyewitness claims protesters number in the tens of thousands at a anti-Saleh march in Abyan province . CNN could not independently verify the estimate . "  The youth protesting today are being used by the JMP who are trying to steal the revolution from them , " Abdu Ganadi , deputy minister of information for the GCC said Monday . The Joint Meeting Parties bloc , Yemen 's largest opposition group , said the GCC initiative "  does not clearly state that Saleh must step down and only focuses on Saleh 's transferring power . " "  We all know the VP is not strong and will never be able to tell Saleh no , even if all his powers are transferred , " said senior JMP official Hasan Zaid . The Embassy of the Republic of Yemen in Washington responded to the GCC initiative on Monday in a statement which said Saleh has agreed to transfer powers in accordance with the Yemeni Constitution , which means he will not step down from power until his term ends in 2013 . "  We will not accept any initiative that will have Saleh still in rule whether the initiative is from the GCC or Europe , " Zaid said . The GCC , a six-nation bloc of oil producing countries , met on Sunday in the Saudi Arabian capital , Riyadh , in an effort bring an end to the current political impasse in the country . "  The opposition wants everything and President Saleh is still the most powerful person in the country , " GCC 's Ganadi said . "  The opposition is now the one going against the GCC initiative , " said Ganadi . A leading revolutionary attending a march on Monday in Sanaa spoke out against the coalition 's proposal . "  The youth are not involved in any agreement and in the end , we have the powerful voice , " said Khaled Anesi . "  No initiative will save Saleh from the crimes he committed against the peaceful youth , " Anesi said . In addition to pushing the transfer of power , the GCC 's initiative also called for the formation of a national unity government to be chaired by the opposition . There was no mention of that proposal in the statement released by the Yemen government . Last week , Saleh said he welcomes the council 's efforts to help resolve the political crisis in his country . He has said he intends to step down but only under a peaceful and constitutional transition process . Despite increasing pressure from neighboring countries and opposition groups , the Yemeni government has said calling for Saleh 's departure now is going too far . Yemen 's president has promised not to run in the next round of elections . The United States , which has been allied with the Saleh government in its fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , has welcomed past Gulf council initiatives . "  We strongly encourage all sides to engage in this urgently needed dialogue to reach a solution supported by the Yemeni people , " Mark Toner , spokesman for the U.S. State Department , said Friday . "  President Saleh has publicly expressed his willingness to engage in a peaceful transition of power ; the timing and form of this transition should be identified through negotiation and begin soon . " Violence and protest have raged in Yemen , where protesters have called for the ouster of Saleh . He has ruled the country since 1978 . An eyewitness claims hundreds of protesters attended an anti-government march in streets of Sanaa , and other cities across Yemen . "  We will not be scared to march and make the regime understand that we will not stop until our demands are met , " student activist Hareth Abdullah said . "  Every day we increase in power and the regime decreases in power , " Abdullah said . High unemployment fuels much of the anger among a growing young population who have suffered from poverty . The protesters also cite government corruption and a lack of political freedom . "  We will not differ with the revolution youth and we will support them , " Yahya Abu Osbaa , a senior JMP official said . "  In the end , I can assure you that we will agree on terms , " Osbaa said . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom , Yousuf Basil , Amir Ahmed and Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report	NEW : Gulf Cooperation Council accuses the opposition of trying to steal the youth revolution NEW : Eyewitness reports tens of thousands gather for anti-Saleh march Senior opposition official : "  We will not accept any initiative that will have Saleh still in rule " Yemen president commits to peaceful transfer of power in accordance with Yemeni constitution
CNN  Be afraid -- be very afraid . This is the warning the world deserves to hear . Because the leader of the free world refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century : the fruits of radical Islam . The results of the Obama White House 's innovative efforts to make the world a better place can be accounted for in the ever-growing numbers of victims of radical Islam in the Middle East , North Africa and South Asia . Not to mention here in the United States , Canada and Europe . Is it not a tragic irony that the Arab Spring-era policies of a Nobel Peace Prize recipient accommodated the transition of Syria into the world 's newest jihad theater while leaving Libya a failed state and Yemen a failing state ? The Syrian jihad gave rise to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , which now uses Syria as a rear operating base to support its jihad in Iraq , which could soon spill over into Jordan . Plus , Libya is now being used as a rear operating base by ISIS and other global jihadist elements striving to redraw the map of the Middle East , even as they plan attacks in Europe and North America . Given the frightfully slow pace America 's commander-in-chief is currently allowing our military and intelligence community to take action against both ISIS and its progenitor , al Qaeda , the picture of what 's in store is clear : The body count will continue to grow in the places where these groups can generate buy-in for their agendas . And neither the United States nor our Western allies are immune to this cancer . Academics who must say something new or different to garner interest in their work may describe the agendas of ISIS and al Qaeda as distinctly different . But the fact is they are not -- their agendas , which constitute the foremost threats to the global security environment today , are manifestations of radical Islam . Of course , it 's hardly a surprise President Barack Obama refuses to acknowledge all this in plain terms -- the president and his national security advisers have too often proven naïve , with a dangerous habit of viewing the world not as it is , but as they hope it could be . There is no shortage of examples that highlight the absence of sound foresight on the parts of the world 's most powerful politician and his national security team . Just take the National Strategy for Counterterrorism published by the White House in 2011 . That document contained the assertion that , "  Since the beginning of 2011 , the transformative change sweeping North Africa and the Middle East -- along with the death of Osama bin Laden -- has further changed the nature of the terrorist threat , par-ticularly as the relevance of al Qaeda and its ideology has been further diminished . " Yet , fast forward to January 2014 and America 's top intelligence official , director of National Intelligence James Clapper , advised Congress that al Qaeda was no less capable of threatening the United States and our allies than a decade earlier . Soon after Clapper acknowledged al Qaeda was not a band on the run , as President Obama had described the terrorist enterprise , a report by terrorism expert Seth Jones of the RAND Corporation highlighted yet another inconvenient truth for the White House : As restraints on freedom of expression of radical religious views vanished in places like Libya , Tunisia and Egypt during the Arab Spring , those states became fertile recruitment grounds for terrorist groups -- including al Qaeda and groups aligned with it . According to data compiled by Jones , from 2010 through 2013 , the number of Salafi jihadist groups increased by 58 % . These groups are fueled by Salafiyya Jihadiyya , an ideology that not only informs the agenda of al Qaeda , but is the source code for the agenda of the al Qaeda offshoot ISIS . Most recently , absent from the National Security Strategy produced by the Obama White House in February 2015 is any real meaningful discussion concerning threats posed by al Qaeda . Yes , Osama bin Laden was killed on President Obama 's watch . But contrary to what the White House seemed to think in 2011 , bin Laden 's death has not lifted the shadow he casts over America 's , or our allies ' security . Indeed , within days of our new National Security Strategy 's publication date , in the seventh issue of ISIS 's English-language magazine Dabiq , the group 's leaders described their jihad as a continuation of the jihad charted by bin Laden , while accusing his successor , Ayman al-Zawahiri , of steering al Qaeda off the path of its former leader . Meanwhile , Yemen -- home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the al Qaeda branch that claimed credit for the January 2015 attack in Paris at the office of Charlie Hebdo -- has also become a failed state . AQAP is helmed by the second-highest-ranking official in al Qaeda writ large , and the Obama administration views it as the most dangerous component of al Qaeda 's global network . So it is interesting that , in the months before the Yemeni government was overthrown by Iran-backed rebels , President Obama described the U.S.-Yemen counterterrorism partnership as a shining example of success in the fight against al Qaeda -- interesting because the President did not do more to help that "  partner " government remain in power . Once again , the president and his advisers appear to have either ignored or failed to recognize the trajectory of events in the Middle East . What were they thinking ? And how do they plan to combat AQAP now ? Despite what the White House wants the world to believe , a sober look at the security environment reveals the following key realities : ISIS controls a large amount of territory in the Middle East , and the group is rapidly growing its ranks in places such as Libya and Afghanistan , while at the same time inspiring and plotting attacks in the West . And , although ISIS is trying to "  out al Qaeda " al Qaeda , resorting to attention winning stunts to boost its profile on television sets around the world , al Qaeda itself is no less of a threat to the United States and our allies today than it was in January 2014 . At the same time , the routine failures of President Obama and his advisers to understand the security environment , and to appropriately tailor America 's national security posture in a manner demanded by it , foretells more disasters lie ahead . Not only Americans , but also our allies should be very , very afraid . Indeed , President Obama 's refusal to simply call a problem like radical Islam by its name strongly suggests he is unwilling to make the difficult decisions that must be made today if we are to stand a chance of defeating radical Islamist groups . History has shown the dangers that millions can be placed in if our leaders do n't face down a looming threat by calling it what it is and putting our full weight behind efforts to vanquish it . President Obama has the resources at his disposal to do just that . But if he wants to help define a future for the Middle East and North Africa in which fewer threats emanate from those regions , he must spend more time listening to talented professionals in our military and intelligence community versus the idealists and yes-men surrounding him at the White House . There is too much at stake in the near term to continue down the path of experimentation with Pollyannaish theories about how to attain this future that have actually rendered us less safe . Indeed , President Obama should also pay closer attention to what representatives from Arab states are saying behind closed doors . Most of their bosses would love to be the claimants to the prize of defeating ISIS and al Qaeda . However , all of them recognize that , unless we all want things to get a whole lot worse before they might get any better , the United States will have to deploy considerably more of our "  kinetic " resources to put those victories in sight . This does not mean a ground forces-intensive response is required from us at this time . But if the President thinks it prudent to wait on our Arab partners to do most of the heavy lifting , he could be guaranteeing this will be the case in the not-too-distant future .	Authors warn President Obama must be clear about radical Islam threat Al Qaeda still a looming threat , they say
CNN  -- The Doha climate change conference this year was the most significant in nearly 20 years of gatherings under the U.N. Framework Convention process aimed at staving off future global warming disaster . Since carbon dioxide emission limits agreed to under the 1997 Kyoto Protocol were to expire at the stroke of midnight on December 31 , 2012 , it was critical that the international community agreed to extend those obligations and to continue talks about future emission cuts . But the outcome fell far short of what will be necessary to keep the world 's average temperature from rising more than 2 degrees Celsius in the foreseeable future . Under the Doha arrangement , 17 of the 25 biggest carbon emitting countries  including China , the United States , Russia and India  did not commit to any legally binding emission limits . The countries that did agree to extend and deepen their Kyoto emission reductions , including the European Union , Australia and Eastern Europe , make up only about 15 % of the world 's emissions . That seems like a rather meager return on the investment of time and effort over the past years . But there is one silver lining . The world 's top 20 carbon emitters together make up about 77 % of emission and account for about 4.3 billion people , which is about 62 % of the global population . The remaining 170 or so countries account for just over 20 % of emissions . As often is the case , these negotiations over climate have come to symbolize epic David and Goliath struggles pitting poor developing countries against recalcitrant government officials from rich countries . Lobbying efforts , shaming tactics , and staging public demonstrations have been the slingshots of choice . One result is that more people are paying attention to environmental issues . Nonetheless , it is time to abandon the myth that a consensus solution is necessarily the best approach . The unfortunate reality is that little can get done right now . It 's like having hundreds of cooks with hundreds of different recipes attempting to prepare one meal in the same small kitchen . After two decades of hard work , it is time to consider reducing the number of cooks . A better alternative to a United Nations-style conference would be for the 25 major emitters to come to an agreement just among themselves about their mutual commitments to deal with climate change effectively . In other words , get the 25 cooks to work together on the main meal . The hundreds of other cooks ought to step out of the kitchen . Some smaller , focused discussions have already started , such as in the Major Economies Forum . Imagine what kind of deals on cutting emissions would be possible just among China , India and the United States -- the top three emitters in the world respectively . Imagine a deal involving emission sources in China , which has some of the world 's most polluting coal-fired power plants , and California , which is on a course to become one of the most stringently controlled states in carbon emissions . Of course , there are no guarantees for success . But discussions within such a smaller group would allow government leaders to confront the realities of climate change and engage in direct horse-trading without the static of thousands of other voices desiring to load their issues into the deal . Let 's face it -- we are way beyond the time for finding an ideal solution . Every year the world waits to take further concrete steps to cut emissions , the atmosphere will be loaded with millions of tons more carbon dioxide that will stay for a century . And the job of limiting global warming to 2 degrees Celsius will be more out of reach . At the best , gatherings like the one in Doha dangle a tantalizing mirage of achieving a sustainable future . At the worst , they give cover to governments that would rather avoid the hard choices they ultimately will have to make . After one more expensive and time-consuming round of talks , it 's time to be honest with what can really be accomplished in these U.N.-style gatherings . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tseming Yang .	Tseming Yang : Result of Doha climate change conference less than desirable Yang : It 's time to abandon the myth that a consensus solution is the best approach He says the 25 major carbon emitters should work out an agreement among themselves Yang : Smaller , focused discussions may be better than large , U.N.-style gatherings
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Is Congress capable of doing anything right ? It 's a question worth asking as Democrats and Republicans threaten for the third time this year to shut down the federal government . Americans faced the same prospect during spring budget talks and the summer debt ceiling debate . Now it 's happening over what was expected to be passage of a routine bill to fund Washington through mid-November while replenishing disaster relief funds . Friday is the latest deadline to avoid a partial shutdown . The Federal Emergency Management Agency -- tasked with helping states hit hard by Hurricane Irene , Tropical Storm Lee , and a series of recent wildfires and tornadoes -- will likely run out of money even sooner . The details have differed with each threatened shutdown , but the basic plot remains the same . Democrats want to spend more while Republicans are using a series of statutory deadlines to force an agenda of spending cuts . The two sides have proven incapable of compromising until the last possible second . Meanwhile , analysts warn that the repeated partisan brinksmanship is undermining consumer and business confidence , and may help bring on a double-dip recession . Congress bickers and you suffer . They brawl ; your 401  k  falls . To make matters worse , there 's no one villain to blame . If you want to know why Congress is repeatedly taking Washington to the brink and raising the country 's collective economic anxiety , you have to look at a number of factors . Some are political , others perhaps psychological . We have a "  political system that looks manifestly broken , " Democratic Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner said last week . "  The gridlock and partisanship in Washington right now is disgusting , " Sen. Scott Brown , R-Massachusetts , said Monday . "  It 's unacceptable for Congress to add more uncertainty to the marketplace by threatening another government shutdown . " Jon Krosnick , a professor of political science , communications , and psychology at Stanford University , highlights what psychologists refer to as a "  diffusion of responsibility " -- a diminished sense of individual blame when a person acts as part of a much larger group . "  When people are told by the leadership of a group to do something , and lots of others are doing it as well , people feel less guilt in doing it , " he says in reference to the hyper-partisan "  us versus them " culture of Capitol Hill . "  In fact , they might feel more guilt if they do n't follow orders . " People in every corner of the country are disgusted . Congress ' approval ratings are abysmal -- hitting a record low of 14 % in an August CNN/ORC International Poll . Ca n't we all just get along ? Or at least not inflict pointless pain on ourselves ? Barack Obama 's campaign slogan was "  Yes We Can . " But the sad truth is -- no we ca n't . At least not judging from Congress ' performance since the midterm elections . There are a number of explanations for Congress ' behavior . None of them bodes well if you 're hoping for more cooperation among Washington 's power brokers . Start with the politics . Some experts say this year 's repeated Capitol Hill showdowns reflect a political culture where the vital center has collapsed . Once upon a time , legislators known as liberal Republicans and conservative Democrats roamed the halls of power . Those days are pretty much gone . Today 's congressmen and senators -- particularly on the tea-party-infused Republican side of the aisle -- are more fearful of primary than general election challenges . Growing numbers of federal elected officials are more worried about tending to a political base screaming for radical change than appealing to independent or crossover voters . This is especially true in the House , where districts are drawn with scientific precision to be overwhelmingly Democratic or Republican . Now more than ever congressional elections are a general election incumbency racket . The GOP landslide of 2010 ? Eighty-five percent of House incumbents won another term , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . And that was the lowest percentage since 1970 . The changing rules of the political game have policy consequences . Congressmen seeking a long political career are probably better off catering to the wishes of their party 's most extreme activists , not some vaguely defined middle-of-the-road voter . "  Some Republicans are ideological purists , " said Adam Sheingate , a political science professor at Johns Hopkins University . But "  others are running scared , fearful they could lose a primary challenge to a more extreme candidate . " Second , for all the talk of a growing independent electorate , there 's evidence that voters themselves are more polarized . The rise of a more partisan , fragmented media may play a role in this development . More choice in news may be good , but it often comes at a cost of viewers and readers seeking affirmation of their opinions rather than a challenge to their world views . In that kind of an environment , analysts note , elected officials are more likely to be punished than rewarded for compromising with the other side . Third , a growing number of congressmen and senators -- especially those backed by the tea party -- are ideological true believers . If economic damage is inflicted by repeatedly taking the country to the brink , it may be seen as unfortunate but necessary in order to start turning the country in the right direction . "  There 's a surgery metaphor here , " says Krosnick . "  I have to cut you open to get the cancer out . And any surgery has risks . " Wendy Schiller , a Brown University political scientist , says that "  the fight now is really about dismantling the New Deal and the Great Society . It is about finishing what Ronald Reagan promised to do , but never really accomplished . " Schiller argues that "  there is a genuine belief among tea party Republicans that if you shut the government down , all the non-essential things that the federal government does go away , but the essential things -- such as Social Security and defense -- keep flowing . So you strip the federal government to its bare essentials and see how it runs . " Tea partiers , Schiller says , "  may be hoping that the American people actually accept a stripped-down federal government , and the pendulum on federal spending finally turns their way . Of course , as in  the government shutdown of  1995 , that can backfire and simply remind voters how much they need most of what the federal government provides . " Fourth , some congressional Republicans may be calculating that a disgusted , alienated electorate is more likely to blame the incumbent party when they go to the polls in 2012 . And while Republicans control the House , the incumbency label is usually tied to the party that controls the presidency . "  People are more unhappy with the Republicans than with the president , " Krosnick says . Indeed , only 33 % of Americans held a favorable view of the GOP in an August 5-7 CNN/ORC International survey -- a lower favorability rating than that for either President Obama or the Democratic Party as a whole . But a lot of congressional Republicans "  believe they have to do whatever is necessary to get Obama out of office " and bring about major change , Krosnick argues . "  It 's to their benefit to be able to communicate that government is stalled , inefficient , and unable to do anything on the average person 's behalf , " he says . "  So they may decide that they 're willing to take a hit in public opinion right now if they think Obama will end up taking the hit in 2012 . " Do members of Congress feel a sense of guilt for engaging in behavior that may be adding to the country 's economic woes ? "  They may very well feel guilty or conflicted , " Krosnick says . "  No matter what they say publicly , it 'd be hard to imagine the folks in Congress who are taking this approach and forcing these repeated confrontations are n't feeling somewhat conflicted if the result is some form of economic pain . " But any sense of guilt is likely mitigated -- particularly on the Republican side of the aisle -- by the creation of "  shared strategy " and "  sense of mutual confidence " for rank-and-file members , Krosnick claims . Krosnick also argues that there 's a degree of separation between Capitol Hill and the rest of the country that makes it easier for some congressional officials to take steps that may be exacerbating the country 's economic pain . "  You 've got to work hard to convince people that the economic hit they just took is the direct fault of Washington , " he says . "  They may draw a connection between Washington and the broader economic outlook in the country , but they rarely tie Washington to their personal financial situation . As for members of Congress , he adds , burning ideological imperatives can trump reports of economic distress among people they do n't know and interact with rarely -- if ever . If the prognosis is grim , it may be worth remembering a line from that old congressional critic , Will Rogers . "  We cuss Congress , " Rogers said . "  But they are all good fellows at heart , and if they was n't in Congress , why , they would be doing something else against us that might be even worse . "	Congress is threatening the third potential government shutdown this year The political turmoil may be contributing to the country 's economic problems Congressmen believe they may benefit from the repeated showdowns , analysts say Congressmen feel less guilt when they act as part of a group , one analyst argues
CNN  -- Facing the world after an isolating and traumatic experience is often stressful , especially for those who have been away for a long time . Jaycee Dugard is reuniting with her close relatives for the first time in 18 years , after having been found on August 27 . Dugard was 11 years old when she was abducted in 1991 from a bus stop in South Lake Tahoe , California . She allegedly was kept in a series of backyard sheds by a convicted sex offender and gave birth to two children in captivity . A bail review hearing is scheduled for Monday in El Dorado County Superior Court in Placerville , California , for Phillip and Nancy Garrido , who face charges related to Dugard 's kidnapping . In Illinois , Shannon Wilfong is charged with child abduction , allegedly having forced 6-year-old Richard K. Wilfong Chekevdia to live in seclusion and be hidden , at times in crawl spaces and the attic , for nearly two years , according to court documents . In concealing the boy , Wilfong violated the terms of a court order that granted joint custody of the child to Michael Chekevdia , the documents said . The boy is staying with his father 's family under child welfare supervision , according to CNN affiliate WSIL . The situations of Dugard and Chekevdia are extreme cases of people emerging from isolation and returning to the real world . The people who have been away often feel conflicted about leaving the situation they 've acclimated to in order to rejoin the loved ones they 've left behind , experts not connected to the cases tell CNN . Photos : Missing children who were found Sometimes children involved in custody disputes are taught to hate their father or mother , and "  extreme tactics " may be used , although usually not to the extent of hiding a child in crawl spaces , said Jay Lebow , psychologist at The Family Institute at Northwestern University . "  While this case is obviously the rarest of things , other children are certainly exposed to many traumas that have meaning connected to this , " Lebow said . The case of Dugard Dugard is spending time in "  a secluded place , reconnecting " with her mother and younger sister , said her aunt , Tina Dugard , in a statement on behalf of her family . "  This is a joyful time for my family , " she said . "  Jaycee remembers all of us . " But a person in Dugard 's situation would most likely have both positive and negative feelings about leaving the only environment she 's known for 18 years and coming back to her family , psychologists say . "  She 's going to have a lot of mixed feelings about returning to her family of origin because she 's spent almost two decades with a different family , " said Margo Napoletano , a child and family psychologist in San Diego , California . After allegedly being confined for 18 years , Dugard probably would find the outside world frightening , Lebow said . "  You get to know this world you live in -- it may be a terrible world , but it 's the world you know , " he said . Experts say Dugard may have developed what is known as Stockholm syndrome , in which kidnapping victims identify with their captors . Learning to live with and even like the perpetrator has survival value , Napoletano said , and also explains why someone like Dugard probably would feel somewhat torn about returning to her original family . "  It 's a concept that explains why a kidnapped victim would stay with a perpetrator even though they had an opportunity to leave , " she said . "  They opt to stay because it 's their comfort zone . " But Johanna Tabin , a psychologist in Glencoe , Illinois , said Dugard 's readjustment will depend on how she was treated in captivity . Police said Phillip Garrido , one of her alleged abductors , is believed to be the father of her two daughters , and his relationship to Dugard -- whether he framed their alleged sexual encounters as violent or seductive -- will influence her feelings about leaving that situation , Tabin said . It is also important to know how Dugard felt about her family before she was taken away , Tabin said . "  Did she secretly mourn them ? " Tabin asked . "  Did she feel she stepped on a different planet where she was all of a sudden a grown-up 11-year-old and was n't being treated anymore like a child ? " Her family members may have constantly wondered what they could have done differently to prevent the kidnapping , Tabin said . At the same time , someone in Dugard 's situation may have asked herself at the outset , "  Why did they let me get kidnapped ? " Lebow said . There is an infinite range of responses , but more information about Dugard 's feelings growing up and in captivity would inform how she adjusts to her new life , Tabin said . The situation is likely also difficult for Dugard 's two daughters , born to her in captivity , who have never met Dugard 's family before , Napoletano said . "  It 's basically like a wild child who may have had some contact with civilization , but basically is having to start life all over again , and that may be overwhelming to them at first , " she said . Napoletano said she would suggest to a family like Dugard 's to be accepting and supportive , and not ask a lot of questions . "  Go about your daily life as usual for the most part , and take the lead from the therapist , one small step at a time , " she said . Lebow advises them against looking for some sudden moment of reconnection , but rather to be loving and patient . Coming back from combat Dugard 's reuniting with her family could also be likened to a soldier coming back from a "  hellacious war , " Lebow said . A recent survey of military spouses of deployed Army soldiers with school-age children found that the return from deployment is the most stressful , according to three-quarters of respondents . Reunification brings excitement and relief , which is sometimes accompanied by emotional conflict , the surveyors said . Read more about the study In the military , bonds of brotherhood form as people face dangers together , Tabin said . When service members come home , they may find life "  shallower , " and feel that they are not the same people as when they left , she said . In a case where a husband has been away at war and returns to his wife , the desire to understand one another 's feelings is fundamental , she said . "  She wants to be understanding , he wants to be able to shove it aside , then he has nightmares , and she says , ` you 're not setting it aside , ' " Tabin said . "  Well , consciously he is -- he 's not awake when he dreams . " Do n't force the person who has been away to talk about their experiences , Napoletano said . She also stressed that a family should try to normalize the life of the service member who has returned from war . Waking up in the morning , going grocery shopping , washing clothes and doing other day-to-day activities help create a stable , comforting environment , she said .	Jaycee Dugard , found August 27 , is reuniting with her family after 18 years People who return to their families after years away often feel conflicted about it Expert : Do n't force the person who has been away to talk about their experiences It 's important to go about day-to-day activities , such as grocery shopping
CNN  -- The summer-long antagonism between the United States and Russia enters a new phase this week as the presidents of both countries participate in the Group of 20 nations summit . Will discord continue ? Or will some concord emerge ? Although U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin have no formal meetings scheduled , they likely will have opportunities to chat in Russia , which is hosting the gathering . To say the two countries have been at odds this year is putting it mildly . Edward Snowden : fugitive or refugee ? The Obama administration made former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden perhaps the most wanted man in the world . Snowden faces espionage charges after he admitted leaking top-secret details about U.S. surveillance programs . The U.S.-Russia relationship became strained when Snowden was revealed to be hiding in a Moscow airport , where the Russian government allowed him to hole up in a transit zone for weeks . Putin declined to hand Snowden over to the United States and declared Snowden a "  free man " biding time in the airport . After Snowden inquired about asylum in Latin American countries , Russia stunned Obama : it decided to grant temporary asylum to Snowden . Angered , Obama threatened to skip this week 's G20 summit in St. Petersburg . He obviously changed his mind : Obama and Putin shook hands and exchanged words briefly during the summit 's opening Thursday . It was a polite -- perhaps a tad forced -- moment , and it went no further than that . Gay rights Obama has often been referred to as America 's first "  gay president " because of his aggressive advocacy of gay rights and same-sex marriage . Putin , however , signed a propaganda law passed by parliament that bans the public discussion of gay rights and relationships where children might hear it . Violators can be fined and , if they are foreigners , deported . Critics say the law is so vague that someone can be prosecuted for wearing a rainbow T-shirt or holding hands in public with someone of the same sex . Obama declared "  nobody 's more offended than me " by the Russian law . Syria : Is chemical warfare for real ? The backdrop to the G20 economic summit is Obama 's international campaign to begin limited bombing of Syria for the regime 's alleged use of chemical weapons against its own people in a civil war . Putin has n't been quick to embrace U.S. assertions that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government is using chemical weapons . Putin wants high proof that Assad -- an ally of Russia -- has indeed engaged in such warfare . Putin called the chemical weapon allegations "  absurd " because he said the Assad regime holds the upper hand over rebels . The skepticism is powerful because Russia is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council and , if the United States and its allies seek U.N. approval to bomb Syria , Russia can veto such a resolution . Russia has invoked that power repeatedly the past two years . On Wednesday , the eve of the G20 summit , Putin said he "  does n't exclude " supporting a U.N. resolution for military force against Syria -- but only if there 's irrefutable proof of chemical weapons use by the Syrian government . What 's one to make of all this ? Look to history , one analyst said . "  I think Putin especially sees himself as a Cold War guy , " said Julia Ioffe , senior editor of the New Republic , who was a Moscow correspondent for Foreign Policy . "  He 's not shed that mentality . He sees himself as a foil and counterweight to America and the world . "	Presidents Obama and Putin have been at odds all year Russia angered Obama when it gave temporary asylum to Edward Snowden Putin signed an anti-gay propaganda law that offended Obama Obama asserts Syria uses chemical weapons , but Putin wants proof
Washington  CNN  -- The Affordable Care Act , aka Obamacare , might not be the Republican Party 's key to electoral victory as once thought . Patterns are emerging that Republicans and like-minded groups are broadening their scope and not homing in on a singular anti-Obamacare message . In March , Reince Priebus , head of the Republican National Committee , told CNN 's Candy Crowley that Obamacare is "  complete poison " and advised Republican candidates they "  have to hit your main target which is Obamacare " in order to win . But in the political world , things change fast , and March is the equivalent to a millennium ago . Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell , who is in a reelection bid against surprisingly strong Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes , recently said that while he wants to repeal the law , Kentucky 's version , Kynect , is "  unconnected " to the fate of Obamacare . Kynect is relatively popular in Kentucky , providing insurance coverage to more than 413,000 people , but was created under the Affordable Care Act and is funded mostly through federal funds . McConnell 's shift is subtle but meaningful . During his primary campaign against a candidate who billed himself as more conservative than McConnell , the Senate leader took a hard-line stance on getting rid of -- or repealing -- Obamacare , which has been the Republican mantra until recently . He 's not the only one . Americans for Prosperity , which is expected to spend north of $ 100 million this election cycle backing issues that Republicans favor , has also shifted its strategy . In the lead up to the launch of Obamacare last fall , during its disastrous rollout and in the months after , AFP had a laser-like focus on the issue , spending tens of millions of dollars in states and districts where Democrats are vulnerable . 2014 primaries : What 's at stake "  We do want to make sure that Obamacare is the Number One issue in the country , " AFP President Tim Phillips said in February . At that time , the law had been in effect for less than two months , it was lagging behind its target enrollment pace and the effects of a bad roll out still permeated . Phillips said Obamacare is going to be the top issue because the "  tidal wave affects are going to continue with Obamacare . " Furthermore , a March 15 statement on the organization 's website described itself as the "  nation 's foremost advocate for health care freedom . " But now , two months later , AFP has broadened its scope . Its website now features a campaign against the Export-Import Bank , which is not related to Obamacare . Also , an ad airing in Louisiana , where Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu is locked in a tight reelection race , attacks her for "  wasteful government spending . " Missing from the ad -- the word "  Obamacare . " In addition , its partner group , AFP Foundation , launched an $ 850,000 ad buy in Wisconsin earlier this week that focuses on taxes and also does n't mention the O-word . AFP does n't deny it . "  We 're responding to the changing environment , " AFP spokesman Levi Russell said . "  That initial shock  of Obamacare  has changed a little bit , but it has n't gone away . " Republicans are now retooling their message , after having emerged from primary battles of who 's farther to the right they must now try to appeal to a more diverse audience that has become more accepting of the federal health care program approved in 2010 without Republican support . Polling suggests that public attitudes are shifting . The latest CNN poll from early May found that 38 % of people wanted to either replace the law or get rid of it . The results are similar to a CBS poll which found 35 % of respondents said the law needs to be repealed , which is a far better billing than the 43 % who felt the same way in November . Elizabeth Wilner with the Cook Political Report , a nonpartisan polling group , wrote that Republicans are starting to use the word "  fix " in their campaigning , instead of "  repeal . " "  Republicans have been gearing up for months ... to run against Obamacare , then it started to work , " Michael Czin , spokesman for the Democratic National Committee said , noting that 8 million people have signed up . Since Republicans gained control of the House in 2011 , they voted more than 50 times on a full or partial repeal of the health care law , that 's more than one vote per month , but the pace has fallen off dramatically in recent months . 2014 key races to watch That matters because in an election year , congressional business is connected to electoral politics as lawmakers want to either promote their agenda or tarnish the other party . But Russell predicts the issue will not go away , especially as the elections approach and new premium rates are announced this fall . "  Our role is going to be to remind folks how we got here in the first place , " he said .	Republicans are broadening their message beyond Obamacare Polling suggests that fewer people want to repeal the law Republicans voted more than 50 times to repeal Obamacare after it was enacted
Mashable  -- After the rumor that Apple wo n't announce the next-generation of iPhone in June or July  which was the case with all previous iPhone announcements  , comes a report that the new iPhone is actually coming in the fall . While Apple 's suppliers will begin production in July this year , the finished product is likely to begin shipping in September , Reuters reports citing sources familiar with the matter . As for what the actual features of the next-gen iPhone , the details are scarce as always ; one of Reuters ' sources claims the device will look similar to the iPhone 4 , but it will feature a faster processor . To quickly piece together all the iPhone rumors and reports we 've seen , this is what we have : the white version of the iPhone 4 should become available within 2-3 weeks ; the iPhone 5  if that 's what Apple will call it  will be an evolutionary upgrade , visually similar to the iPhone 4 but with a better camera , processor and a bigger screen . Take all of these with a grain of salt as Apple has been monolithically silent about the matter , as always . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Reuters reports that Apple 's suppliers will begin production in July Details are scarce on the features of the next generation device Apple has been monolithically silent about the matter , as always
CNN  -- A Texas man has been arrested in connection with a slaying in Pennsylvania 45 years ago . Richard Keiper , 67 , of Boyd , Texas , was taken into custody by Pennsylvania State Police and Texas Rangers on Thursday , two days shy of the 45th anniversary of Alfred Barnes ' death , a state police news release said . Keiper will face murder , robbery and theft charges , the release said . Barnes was shot multiple times and his body was found in a field in Chestnuthill Township in Monroe Country , the release said . Barnes ' car was missing from the scene and later was recovered in Warren Country , New Jersey , it said . Senior couple charged in decades old cold cases Barnes , an employee at now-closed Bethlehem Steel Corp. in Pennsylvania , was 40 years old at the time of his death . Keiper , who was 22 at the time , is currently at the Wise County jail in Texas , Sgt. Daniel Armstrong said . He will probably be extradited to Pennsylvania to face charges , Dave Peters , public information officer for the Pennsylvania State Police , told CNN . CNN attempts to get comment from Keiper or a representative went unanswered . The coldest case ever solved	Richard Keiper , 67 , of Boyd , Texas , will face murder , robbery and theft charges , police say He is accused of killing Alfred Barnes , 40 , in Monroe County , Pennsylvania , 45 years ago Barnes ' body , with multiple gunshot wounds , was found in a field
CNN  -- Having trouble remembering how you worded that awesomely clever late-night Twitter post from last New Year 's Eve ? Curious about what your first tweet was ? Or what you were saying at other specific times in the site 's six-year history ? Twitter is making it a lot easier to do so . On Wednesday , the site announced that users will be able to download their entire personal Twitter archive . That includes their tweets and retweets , and there will be tools to let users search them by date , keywords , hashtags or @usernames . "  You make Twitter what it is . And if you tweet , you may have found yourself wanting to go back in time and explore your past Tweets , " Mollie Vandor of Twitter 's engineering team wrote in a blog post . "  Maybe you wanted to recall your reaction to the 2008 election , reminisce on what you said to your partner on your 10th anniversary or just see your first few Tweets . " According to Twitter , a small percentage of users who have their language set to English have already gotten the tool . It will be rolling out to all users over the coming weeks and months , according to the blog post . To look for the archive tool , go to Settings and scroll to the bottom . If the feature is enabled , users will have the option to request their archive there . Users will receive an e-mail with instructions on how to access the archive once it 's been downloaded . The archive tool was a result of one of Twitter 's quarterly "  Hack Weeks , " during which employees take breaks from their regular jobs to work on new and innovative projects of their choosing . Check out the Twitter typo that left the U.N. red-faced How to see your 2012 highlights on Twitter Opinion : Why the pope and Obama turned to Twitter	Twitter users can view or search all their tweets with a new archive tool Twitter rolled out the tool to a small percentage of users on Wednesday The coming weeks and months will bring archive to all users It lets Twitter users search tweets by date , keywords or user names
CNN  -- At least 1 million people marked the passing of another year at the iconic ball drop in New York 's Times Square , despite an early morning dusting of snow and late-night freezing rain . With the help of New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and students from 12 city high schools , the dazzling crystal ball began its descent at 11:59 p.m. ET Thursday . Revelers counted down the final seconds of a decade that many were happy to bid farewell to . Though it seemed the whole world was packed into a small portion of Manhattan , celebrations were spread across the globe . The New Year got under way with blasting horns and fireworks shot from the Sky Tower as revelers partied Friday morning in Auckland , New Zealand . Similar celebrations moved like a wave from east to west as midnight joyously struck across the globe , starting at the International Date Line in the mid-Pacific Ocean . Throngs danced to pounding rock 'n' roll music and cheered a spectacular 12-minute fireworks display over the picturesque Sydney Harbour Bridge in Australia . A giant bell rang before a huge crowd in Seoul , South Korea . Crowds across Europe braved near-freezing temperatures to ring in 2010 . In London , England , people gathered along the banks of the River Thames to hear Big Ben strike midnight and watch a fireworks display at the London Eye . A multicolored light show at The Eiffel Tower dazzled crowds in Paris , France . Always up for a party , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , was among the first places in the Western Hemisphere to say hello to 2010 . In New York , security was tight for Thursday night 's iconic ball drop . After the Christmas Day attempt to blow up a Northwest Airlines plane over Detroit , Michigan , security forces were on high alert . "  We want people to have a happy experience . But we are also concerned about a terrorist event . We have to do that after 9/11 , " New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . Celebrating ? Share your photos and videos New York police estimated a million people had already filled the square by early Thursday evening . Weighing 11,875 pounds , the sparkling sphere features 2,668 crystals woven into a triangular pattern and is powered by 32,256 LED lights . It is capable of producing a kaleidoscopic array of 16 million vibrant colors and billions of patterns , according to the event 's official Web site . This New Year 's ball is also greener , consuming 10 to 20 percent less energy than last year 's ball and 78 percent less energy than the 2007 ball . It uses the equivalent amount of energy per hour as two traditional home ovens . The 2010 numerals are also more energy efficient , as Duracell Batteries set up a lab in which visitors ride stationary bikes to provide the power to light the numbers on the ball . Key stories in 2009 : You rank them Times Square has served as one of the most popular sites of New Year 's festivities since 1904 , though the New Year 's Eve ball made its inaugural drop down the flagpole at One Times Square in 1907 . That first ball , built with iron and wood , featured a hundred 25-watt light bulbs and was designed by Jacob Starr , a young immigrant metalworker . The New Year 's Eve ball has beamed every year since with the exceptions of 1942 and 1943 , when America was embroiled in World War II and New York City observed a city-wide "  dimout " to cut energy costs . As in previous years , security was tight . Police searched garages and subway tunnels for bombs , trash cans were removed and mailboxes and manhole covers were sealed . Detectives were asking hotel and restaurant personnel if they had noticed any suspicious people or activity . See images from Times Square Law enforcement officials have a number of tools at their disposal to help combat potential crime and terrorism , including sniper teams , bomb-sniffing dogs , infrared radar-equipped helicopters , and radiation detectors on New York 's waterways , Kelly said . In the years before terrorism was a concern inside the United States , the Times Square celebration was a rowdy affair , fueled by copious amounts of alcohol , often transported via backpack . These days , alcohol and backpacks are banned from the area on New Year 's Eve , and revelers are herded into 2,500-person pens , but the mood is festive nonetheless . New Yorker Julio Ortiz-Teissonniere , a CNN iReporter , said he 's too jaded to take part in the spectacle , but that was n't always the case . "  When the ball drops , it 's like an earthquake , " he said . "  The amount of people screaming and stomping -- it 's amazing . " CNN 's Allan Chernoff , Jim Kavanaugh , Jesse Solomon , Jamie Guzzardo and Katie Hawkins-Gaar contributed to this report .	In Times Square , up to 1 million people welcome 2010 with famous ball drop Though weighing 11,875 pounds , the sparkling sphere was more energy-efficient Crowds in London gather to hear Big Ben strike midnight , watch the London Eye fireworks Horns blare in Auckland , New Zealand
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- The Basque separatist group ETA released a cease-fire statement Sunday to various media , including the Basque newspaper Gara , where it typically releases information . ETA has announced cease-fires before and broken them , notably the unilateral 2006 cease-fire that was announced as "  permanent , " only to be broken months later with a car bomb at Madrid 's airport that killed two people . In a statement published on the Gara website on Sunday , ETA -- which is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for Basque independence in northern Spain and southwest France -- calls on the Spanish government to "  agree to the minimum democratic solutions necessary to start a democratic process . " Officials at Spain 's Interior Ministry said the cease-fire announcement was being studied cautiously but that no senior officials were due to speak publicly about it , CNN affiliate CNN + reported . The prime minister 's office told CNN it had no comment . The latest cease-fire announcement was not unexpected , following weeks of calls for a new peace process by some smaller leftist Basque political parties . The cease-fire announcement also follows months of what is widely regarded as a successful police crackdown against ETA operatives in Spain and also in ETA 's hideouts in neighboring France and Portugal . Police have arrested many of ETA 's suspected top operatives , as well as many ETA foot soliders , and seized bomb-making materials and weapons from hidden arms caches , virtually shutting off ETA attacks . In its cease-fire announcement Sunday , ETA said that "  months ago it decided not to carry out armed offensive actions , " but made no mention of what it might consider a "  defensive " action . The announcement was accompanied an ETA video which showed three apparent ETA members seated at a table in front of an ETA banner and facing a camera . They wore white face hoods with eye holes but their mouths covered , black berets and black jerseys . The person in the middle apeared to do all the speaking in the ancient Basque language -- not in Spanish -- and the voice seemed to be that of a woman . ETA is listed as a terrorist group by the United States and the European Union for its campaign of car bombings and shootings . The Spanish government of Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero began a peace process in 2006 during the last unilateral ETA cease-fire , but after ETA 's airport bomb , the government called off negotiations . Since then , officials of Zapatero 's government have said they would accept only a definitive statement from ETA to end its armed fight , and to announce when and where it would lay down its arms forever , and not simply a cease-fire . Only then would the government be willing to consider leniency for some of the more than 500 ETA prisoners in jail . The Basque region in northern Spain already has considerable home-rule authority , with its own police , parliament , taxing power and control of health and education . But ETA rejects those as partial steps , and has fought for full independence . ETA 's goal is an independent Basque nation comprising the three-province Basque region and the neighboring Navarra region in Spain , along with three departments in southwest France that also have Basque roots . About three million people live in those areas now . ETA 's cease-fire statement called on the international community to get involved in the Basque peace process . On Sunday , the leader of the Sinn Fein party in Northern Ireland said he supported the cease-fire . "  Gerry Adams has welcomed ETA cease-fire announcement , " the Sinn Fein party said on its Twitter page .	The ETA announced a cease-fire on Sunday to various media Spain 's prime minister 's office had no comment ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for independence Previous cease-fire announcements have been broken
CNN  -- An undersea cable carrying Internet traffic was cut off the Persian Gulf emirate of Dubai , officials said Friday , the third loss of a line carrying Internet and telephone traffic in three days . Dubai has been hit hard by an Internet outage apparently caused by a cut undersea cable . Ships have been dispatched to repair two undersea cables damaged on Wednesday off Egypt . FLAG Telecom , which owns one of the cables , said repairs were expected to be completed by February 12 . France Telecom , part owner of the other cable , said it was uncertain when repairs on it would be repaired . Stephan Beckert , an analyst with TeleGeography , a research company that consults on global Internet issues , said the cables off Egypt were likely damaged by ships ' anchors . The loss of the two Mediterranean cables -- FLAG Telecom 's FLAG Europe-Asia cable and SeaMeWe-4 , a cable owned by a consortium of more than a dozen telecommunications companies -- has snarled Internet and phone traffic from Egypt to India . Officials said Friday it was unclear what caused the damage to FLAG 's FALCON cable about 50 kilometers off Dubai . A repair ship was en route , FLAG said . Eric Schoonover , a senior analyst with TeleGeography , said the FALCON cable is designed on a "  ring system , " taking it on a circuit around the Persian Gulf and enabling traffic to be more easily routed around damage . Schoonover said the two cables damaged Wednesday collectively account for as much as three-quarters of the international communications between Europe and the Middle East , so their loss had a much bigger effect . Without the use of the FLAG Europe-Asia cable and SeaMeWe-4 , some carriers were forced to reroute their European traffic around the globe , which could cause delays , Beckert said . Other carriers could use SeaMeWe-3 , an older cable that remained the only direct connection from Europe to the Middle East and Asia . Because this cable is older , it has a smaller capacity than the two damaged cables , Beckert said . Still , Beckert stressed that although the problem created a "  big pain " for many of carriers , it did not compare to the several months of disruption in East Asia in 2006 after an earthquake damaged seven undersea cables near Taiwan . TeleGeography Research Director Alan Mauldin said new cables planned to link Europe with Egypt should provide enough backup to prevent most similar problems in the future . Schoonover said a similar Internet problem could not happen in the United States . "  We have all the content here , " he said . "  It 's not going to be felt other than we wo n't get the BBC . " TeleGeography officials also said most traffic between the U.S. , Canada and Mexico is carried over land , and there is a plentiful supply of undersea cables carrying traffic under the Atlantic and Pacific oceans . Meanwhile , Internet service was slow Friday in Dubai and Egypt , where online service was intermittent , but there was less demand because many businesses in those countries are n't open on Fridays . Service providers in Egypt said they hoped to have improved capacity by Sunday . Web surfers in India were experiencing a marked improvement in service , though graphic - or video-heavy sites were still taking longer to load . Most of the major Internet service providers in India , like Reliance and VSNL , were starting to use backup lines Friday , allowing service to slowly come back , said Rajesh Chharia , president of the Internet Services Providers Association of India . The Indian ISPs were still alerting customers to slowdowns over the next few days with service quality delays of 50 percent to 60 percent , he said . The Internet slowdowns had no effect on trading at the country 's two main stock exchanges , the SENSEX and the NSE , because they are n't dependent on the downed cables , Chharia said . Individual Web users were still feeling the effects . Madhu Vohra , who lives in the city of Noida on the outskirts of Delhi , said she uses Internet phone service Skype to call her son in the United States , but she has n't been able to reach him since the slowdown . "  We keep trying for a long time and the message comes up , ` This page ca n't display , ' so finally we just turn the computer off and give up , " Vohra said . Internet cafes typically full of teenaged gamers are nearly empty with speeds still frustratingly slow . "  I felt like beating the ... modem , throwing it away , because we compete on the Internet and it feels really bad , " said Aman Khurana , 13 . State-owned Dubai telecom provider Du and Kuwait 's Ministry of Communications estimated Thursday that the problems might take two weeks to fix . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Elham Nakhlawi , Mustafa Al Arab , Caroline Faraj , Tess Eastment , Aneesh Raman and Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	Repairs to one Mediterranean cable expected by February 12 Cable reported cut Friday off Dubai in Persian Gulf Extensive Internet failure has affected much of Asia , the Middle East , north Africa Analysts say no chance of similar Internet loss in United States
CNN  -- When talking about so-called family values , pastors , popes , and politicians routinely quote the Bible as if it were an unassailable divine authority -- after all , they assume , God wrote the Bible , and therefore it is absolutely and literally true . But that is a misconception . As the Bible itself makes clear , its authors were human beings , many of whom are named : David , Isaiah , Luke , and Paul . These human writers wrote over the course of more than a thousand years , and their writings reflect their own views and the values they shared with their contemporaries . So it 's not surprising that inconsistencies are frequent in the Bible , both trivial and profound . Although Jews and Christians , individually and collectively , have for the last 2,000 years accepted the Bible as authoritative in principle , in practice many of its values have been rejected . On issues such as slavery , no one today would maintain that slavery is acceptable , even though , according to the Bible , it was a divinely sanctioned institution . In the debates about slavery in the 19th century those opposed to its abolition cited the Bible in support of their position , but despite such biblical warrant , their views were renounced . According to biblical law , a father could sell his daughter as a slave , and the last of the Ten Commandments lists as off-limits a neighbor 's possessions -- his house , wife , slaves , and livestock . But the majority of modern Jews and Christians no longer accept the biblical view of women as men 's property and hence subordinate to them , as they have also abandoned the biblical practice of polygamy . In current debates about family values , most of which have to do with sex , opponents of abortion and advocates of a woman 's right to choose both cite the Bible in support of their conflicting views , even though the Bible in fact says nothing specifically about the issue . And with regard to same-sex marriage , although the few biblical writers who mention same-sex relationships , especially between men , were unequivocally opposed to them , many contemporary believers would argue that , as with slavery and the status of women , it is time to recognize that the values of the biblical writers are no longer necessarily our own . Opponents of same-sex marriage cite Leviticus , which says that when a man sleeps with a man as with a woman it is an abomination . They 're right : It does say that . But it later calls for the death penalty for such activity , which only the most rabid opponents would insist on . The Bible also calls eating pork and a woman wearing a man 's clothes abominations , yet many would no longer enforce such prohibitions . Individual biblical texts should not be appealed to selectively : Such cherry-picking is all too easy because of the nature of the Bible as a multi-authored book . Rather , as with another formative text , the Constitution , one needs first to understand it historically -- what did its words mean when they were written -- and then attempt to determine what its underlying values are , not just what it says in a specific passage . Only in this sense can the Bible be considered to have timeless relevance that transcends the historical particularities of its authors . What are those underlying values ? I would argue that they are rooted in love of neighbor , which Jewish and Christian commentators over the ages have identified as the essential and enduring message of the Bible . Here are three of them . The great Rabbi Hillel , who when asked what the basic principle of the Torah was , replied : "  What is hateful to you do not do to your neighbor : That is the whole Torah ; the rest is commentary . " His words are echoed both by his near-contemporary , another rabbi , Jesus of Nazareth , who put it this way : "  Whatever you wish people to do to you , so you should do to them : for this is the Law and the Prophets , " and by an early leader in the movement that Jesus started , the rabbinically trained Paul , who pronounced that "  Love is the fulfilling of the law . " So , I suggest , the essence of the Bible -- its ultimate authority -- is not in its individual pronouncements , but in its underlying message : equal , even loving , treatment of all persons , regardless of their age , gender , socio-economic status , ethnicity , or sexual orientation . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Michael Coogan .	Michael Coogan : Bible seen as unassailable divine authority , but it was written by men , not God Written over course of 1,000 years , each writer reflecting values of his day , he writes Much in Bible rejected : Slavery , women as property , pork as abomination , Coogan says Coogan : Bible 's true timeless message is equal , even loving , treatment of all people
Texas Rangers are investigating why police in a small central Texas town fatally shot a 93-year-old woman at her home . Pearlie Golden , a longtime resident of Hearne , a town of approximately 4,600 people about 150 miles south of Dallas , was shot multiple times Tuesday . A man believed to be a relative of Golden 's made the 911 call asking for help from police , Robertson County District Attorney Coty Siegert said . "  What I understand is  Hearne police  were called out because a woman was brandishing a firearm , " Siegert said . "  An officer asked her to put the handgun down , and when she would not , shots were fired . " Hearne City Attorney Bryan Russ Jr. said Officer Stephen Stem told Golden to drop her weapon at least three times . Stem fired three times , and Golden was hit at least twice , he said . She was transported to a local hospital , where she died . The Hearne Police Department placed Stem on administrative leave pending the inquiry . "  We 're very saddened by this . Everybody in the city government is deeply disappointed that this lady was killed , " Russ said . "  Now , the investigation is out of our hands . It 's under the Texas Rangers , which is where we want it to be . " According to police , the Texas Rangers have a revolver believed to have been in Golden 's possession at the time of the shooting . Community members told CNN affiliate KBTX that Golden , known affectionately as "  Ms. Sully , " was a sweet woman . "  Even if she did have a gun , she is in her 90s , " Lawanda Cooke told KBTX . "  They could have shot in the air to scare her . Maybe she would have dropped it . I do n't see her shooting anyone . " The case will eventually be presented to a grand jury , which is standard procedure when dealing with officer-involved incidents , Russ said . In the meantime , Hearne City Council members will meet Saturday to discuss Stem 's employment or whether any disciplinary action will be taken . "  I would expect people to be upset about this , a young police officer shooting a 93-year-old lady , " Russ said . "  I 'm upset about it . Most of our citizens are upset but at the same time I do n't believe all the facts have come to the surface yet . " Parents doubt official account of how their son was shot by officer ` We called for help and they killed him '	DA : A man believed to be the woman 's relative called 911 asking for help Police , prosecutor say officer asked 93-year-old woman to drop gun ; she refused Officer fired three times on Pearlie Golden at her home , hitting her twice , attorney says Community members upset over shooting of "  Ms. Sully " and say she was sweet woman
CNN  -- A German organization involved in establishing and maintaining the Indonesian tsunami warning system denies widespread reports that the system failed to detect the tsunami that devastated parts of the Mentawai Islands on Monday . In particular the organization refuted news articles claiming the warning system had been vandalized and was not functioning . "  Contrary to reports stating otherwise , all components of the tsunami early warning system worked properly , " the German Indonesian Tsunami Early Warning System said in a statement . "  Reports of broken or even deliberately destroyed system units are entirely unfounded , " it added . The statement continued : "  The detection of the causative earthquake by the seismic network was almost in real time , the corresponding operational image showed relevant warning levels in particular for the western coastline of the Mentawai Islands . The measurement of the tsunami at gauging stations on the islands and along the coast of Sumatra was accurate . " Meanwhile , the Indonesian state news agency ANTARA , quoting officials in the affected area , reported the latest toll was at least 370 dead , with 334 people still missing and some 486 houses destroyed . The tsunami followed a 7.7-magnitude earthquake off the Indonesian island of Sumatra .	The tsunami followed a 7.7-magnitude earthquake off the Indonesian island of Sumatra A German organization involved in maintaining the tsunami warning system says it worked Reports of vandalism before the quake "  are entirely unfounded , " the organization says
CNN  -- Under Christmas trees around the world , parcels of underpants and bundles of briefs are waiting to be opened -- perhaps with a tinge of dismay -- by the men in your life . Underwear is a big hitter on the traditional holiday gift list and now soccer stars are muscling into the market . Colombian World Cup star James Rodriguez became the latest footballer to tackle branded underwear , launching his J10 collection for Bronzini last month and posing semi-naked to show off the goods on offer . The 23-year-old was following the lead of his Portuguese Real Madrid teammate Cristiano Ronaldo , whose CR7 underwear label recently celebrated its one-year anniversary . David Beckham 's pants hit high streets in close to 40 countries when the former LA Galaxy and Manchester United maestro teamed up with Swedish fashion store H&M in 2012 . Even though he is approaching 40 -- that 's 17 years older than undies rival Rodriguez -- Beckham stripped off again this summer to model his wares . But why do footballers choose to branch out their brand in the most intimate way ? "  Christmas comes round once a year but footballers are in the shop window continually , " Steve Martin , the global CEO for brand agency M&C Saatchi Sport and Entertainment , told CNN . "  Underwear is an every day purchase and wearing the right underwear has seen it become something of a lifestyle item . "  For some of the major players , it 's a natural extension of their individual brand . "  They do n't need the money . It 's not about greed but it is about making the most of their true value over the short period of their career . " Martin helps manage the branding and marketing for Ronaldo 's CR7 range , which he says is available in almost 100 countries -- its main markets are in southern Europe , Asia and South America -- as well as online . Read more : Ronaldo immortalized in bronze statue Ronaldo 's luxury trunks cost $ 36 a pair with the briefs priced at $ 30 but he also stocks a basic line where trunks are $ 30 and briefs $ 17 . "  The core audience -LSB- for the CR7 range -RSB- is football fans who aspire to Ronaldo 's look and image , " Martin adds . "  The age range is mainly 18-24 year olds and slightly older . "  The beauty of Ronaldo is that he cuts across quite a big demographic . " The aesthetic allure of Ronaldo , Rodriguez and Beckham is an undeniable factor in why their underwear packs a punch . Beckham stopped traffic as an underwear model for Emporio Armani before collaborating with H&M while the perfectly manicured Ronaldo oozes style on and off the pitch . Rodriguez may still be baby faced but he is already winning awards for his looks , voted the world 's sexiest man in 2014 by Spain 's "  People " magazine . When this handsome trio launched their underwear collections , they not only appealed to football fans but to their gift buying wives , girlfriends and mothers too . "  I 'm sure H&M chose David Beckham because he 's a very attractive , fit fellow , " Seth Stevenson , New York based senior writer for Slate , told CNN . "  They also chose him because he has appeal in a lot of different places . He 's famous in Asia , he 's well known in the U.S. and he 's married to Victoria Beckham . "  He 's got some profile all over the world and they 've got stores all over the world . "  Celebrities are a popular advertising gambit because people are interested in celebrities and like to do what they do . " The pioneer of the celebrity underwear market was , however , not a footballer but Swedish tennis ace Bjorn Borg . After his sudden retirement from the game in 1983 at the age of just 26 , the 11-time grand slam singles champion served up another winner by launching his eponymous underwear brand in 1984 . The company now sells around five million items of underwear across its male and female ranges each year and is stocked in 20 global markets . "  The Bjorn Borg name is a very strong part of this success , " says the company 's marketing and communications manager Jonas Lindberg Nyvang . "  He 's still involved in that he comes to the office , he 's informed about what we do and he 's still part of the process . " Borg 's dashing good looks , like those of Beckham , Ronaldo and Rodriguez , certainly helped him cut a dash in the underwear market but sustaining a successful brand over 30 years relies on more than superficial appeal . Sports stars arguably make natural underwear manufacturers because they understand more than most about the importance of comfort on the go . "  If you have the right underwear you feel more confidence on the court or off the court , " explains Nyvang . "  It 's important for sporting performance . "  At Bjorn Borg we focus on the perfect fit and we are also very fashion conscious . We put out underwear that makes people feel more active and attractive . " But before you dream about wrapping up a Nigel de Jong thong or a pair of Neymar knickers for your loved ones , bear in mind it takes a certain type of star to make money from undies . "  You are talking about one-offs here , " says Martin . "  There are probably only a handful of global sports stars that can attempt something like this . "  For every Ronaldo there are thousands and thousands and thousands of footballers who do n't make a thousandth of what he does . " Stevenson agrees that true sporting icons stand a better chance of successfully creating a product line that is not directly connected to their core business -- but that even then there could be pit falls .	Football stars are cashing in on Christmas market for branded underwear World Cup star James Rodriguez is the latest to launch an underwear brand Global icons Cristiano Ronaldo and David Beckham also have their own underwear collections Bjorn Borg brand now sells five million units a year after the tennis star pioneered the idea
CNN  -- Four members of the Lebanese Shiite movement Hezbollah have been indicted in the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , a high-placed source in the Lebanese Army confirmed on Thursday . The Special Tribunal for Lebanon issued the indictments , and a U.N. source familiar with the body said the people include alleged perpetrators on the ground . Multiple sources in the region said they include Mustafa Badreddine . Badreddine -- who is the brother-in-law of Imad Mughniyeh , a former Hezbollah commander who was assassinated in Syria in 2008 -- is reported to be a member of Hezbollah 's advisory council . The other names on the list are Hasan Oneisa , Salim Ayyah and Asad Sabra . Two additional lists of indictments are expected later this summer and are expected to include the organizers and planners of the attack , the U.N. source said . The United Nations and the Lebanese Republic negotiated an agreement on the establishment of the tribunal , based at The Hague . Many Lebanese believe the killing revolved around the controversies over Syria 's role in Lebanon , occupied at the time by Syrian troops , and the Damascus government 's strong political influence in Lebanon . People believe Hariri wanted the Syrians to withdraw from Lebanon and lessen Syria 's influence , and many suspect that Syria and its ally Hezbollah went after Hariri because of his stance on this issue . Those suspected connections of Hezbollah and the Syrian government to the killing have raised tensions in the country , stoking fears of sectarian conflict erupting in the ethnically and religiously diverse nation , which endured a civil war from 1975 to 1990 . Besides being prime minister of Lebanon for 10 years between 1992 and 2004 , Rafik Hariri was the driving force behind Beirut 's renaissance as a Mediterranean jewel , investing in the restoration of a city center that not so long before had been the frontline in Lebanon 's civil war . Rafik Hariri was 60 when he was killed , a self-made Sunni billionaire of humble origins . His son Saad , 40 , leads a political bloc known as "  March 14 , " which includes prominent Christian leaders . The group 's adversaries include Hezbollah and other factions . Syria had thousands of troops in Lebanon and great influence in the country until mass protests after Hariri 's assassination forced their withdrawal . Syria has denied any involvement in the assassination . But six years later , the shadow cast by that day still hangs over Lebanon , which finds itself in a political crisis -- in part caused by the bitter divide over the country 's special tribunal that is tasked with investigating Hariri 's assassination . Hezbollah is a political faction in Lebanon and provides social services to Shiites , but it has long been regarded as a terrorist organization by the United States and as an ally of Iran . It has had longstanding animosity toward the tribunal , based on the expectation that some of its members would be indicted as conspirators in Hariri 's assassination . The Hezbollah leader , Hassan Nasrallah , has accused the group 's arch-enemy Israel of the assassination . The movement , which fought a war on Lebanese soil against Israel five years ago , claims the tribunal is a plot involving the United States , Israel and France . Ibrahim Mousawi , a Hezbollah media relations officer , said it had no immediate reaction to the indictments . Rafik Hariri and 22 others were killed on February 14 , 2005 , when a bomb went off as his motorcade passed by . Saad Hariri , Rafik Hariri 's son and a former Lebanese prime minister , said on Thursday the indictments were issued after years "  of patience and waiting and a constant national struggle . " Saad Hariri called on all factions to accept Lebanon 's "  obligations " to the tribunal and said on Thursday "  there is no excuse for anyone to escape from this responsibility . " "  Today , we witness a distinctive historic moment in the life of Lebanon 's political , judicial security , and ethical systems . And I feel in the beat of my heart , the embrace of all the hearts of the Lebanese who defended the cause of justice and refused to bargain on the blood of the martyrs , " Saad Hariri said in a statement . Earlier this year , Hezbollah brought down Saad Hariri 's government . His replacement is Prime Minister Najib Mikati , a Sunni political independent who was backed by Hezbollah and its allies . Nasrallah said in January that Hezbollah nominated Mikati to form "  a national salvation government in which parties from across the political spectrum would take part . " He disputed the view that Mikati is a Hezbollah figure . He said Mikati is a consensus candidate and "  we will not lead the new government and it will not be the government of Hezbollah . " Speaking on TV on Friday , Mikati said the "  delicate situation " Lebanon is experiencing "  requires us to be wise " and avert civil strife . He stressed that the "  indictments -- no matter what their source is -- are not sentences , and that charges need to have compelling evidence , away from any doubt , and that everyone is presumed innocent until proven guilty . " The U.N.-backed court said the indictment and accompanying arrest warrants "  were transmitted to the Lebanese authorities " on Thursday . It said the announcement "  follows a declaration by the Lebanese authorities that they have received a confirmed indictment . " "  This is not a verdict of guilt and any accused person is presumed innocent unless his or her guilt is established at trial , " the Special Tribunal said in a statement . "  At this time , the STL has no comment on the identity or identities of the person or persons named in the indictment . Indeed , Judge  Daniel  Fransen has ruled that the indictment shall remain confidential in order to assist the Lebanese authorities in fulfilling their obligations to arrest the accused . " The tribunal says arrest warrants have been submitted to the Lebanese authorities , and that they must inform the tribunal president "  within 30 days after the confirmation of the indictment of the measures the state has taken to arrest the person  s  named in the indictment . " CNN 's Jenifer Fenton contributed to this report	NEW : Four Hezbollah members are indicted in Hariri killing They include alleged perpetrators on the ground , source says Indictments for organizations and planners are expected later in the summer Hariri and 22 others were killed in 2005 when a bomb targeted his motorcade
CNN  -- Retiring baby boomers are cashing out on their decades of paying into Social Security . The problem ? Social Security is no longer running a surplus , worrying many that the entitlement program is in trouble . In 2036 , the Social Security Administration reports that it will no longer have enough money to fully pay out scheduled benefits . Solutions put forth by President Obama 's bipartisan fiscal commission , on which Republican vice presidential hopeful Paul Ryan served , include raising the retirement age and reducing benefits for wealthier Americans . As the debate over how to save Social Security continues , we look at the program by the numbers : 7.8 million - Number of elderly people in the United States in 1934 . Approximately 50 % of them lacked enough income to support themselves . Only 5 % of retired people were receiving pensions . 1935 -- Social Security is signed into law by President Franklin D. Roosevelt . The first payroll deductions begin in 1937 . Ryan 's controversial Social Security plan he does n't discuss 222,488 -- Number of Americans receiving Social Security benefits in 1940 , less than 1 % of the total population . $ 22.71 -- The average monthly benefit for a retired worker in 1940 , the first year that benefits were paid monthly . 56 million -- Number of Americans receiving Social Security benefits in 2011 , approximately 18 % of the total population . 36 million -- Number of those receiving Social Security in 2012 who are retired workers . The other 20 million are surviving spouses , disabled people and dependents . Opinion : Social Security and Medicare reform ca n't wait $ 1,234 -- The average monthly benefit for a retired worker in 2011 . $ 1,323 -- The average monthly retired worker benefit for a man in 2010 . $ 1,023 -- The average monthly retired worker benefit for a woman in 2010 . 12 % -- Percentage of retired worker Social Security beneficiaries who were women in 1940 . 49 % -- Percentage of retired worker Social Security beneficiaries who were women in 2010 . 86 % -- The percentage of single people over 65 who received Social Security benefits in 2009 . 43 % -- The percentage of single people over 65 who relied on Social Security for 90 % or more of their income in 2009 . Social Security , Medicare report card on tap $ 778 billion -- Expected amount that Social Security will pay out in benefits in 2012 . $ 8.7 trillion + -- Amount of money that has been paid into the Social Security Trust Fund since its inception . $ 7.4 trillion + -- Amount of money that has been paid out in benefits since the 1930s . 2036 -- The year Social Security Trust Fund will no longer have enough money to fully pay out scheduled benefits . Just for fun $ 22,888.92 -- Amount of Social Security benefits received by Ida Fuller of Vermont . She was the first person to receive monthly benefits , beginning in 1940 . She died in 1975 at the age of 100 . $ 24.75 -- The amount Ida Fuller paid into Social Security during three years of work in the late 1930s . $ 0.17 -- The amount of Social Security benefits paid to Ernest Ackerman , the first person to apply for benefits . He retired one day after the program began and paid a total of $ .05 cents into Social Security . 001-01-0001 -- The lowest Social Security number ever assigned , given to a New Hampshire woman in 1936 . 23 -- The age of John David Sweeney Jr. of New York when he received the nation 's first Social Security account in 1936 . Sweeney died at the age of 61 and never received any Social Security benefits . 40,000 -- Number of people who claimed the Social Security number 078-05-1120 , when they found it printed on a sample insert in wallets sold at Woolworths .	222,488 -- Number receiving Social Security benefits in 1940 , less than 1 % of the population 56 million -- Number receiving Social Security benefits in 2011 , about 18 % of the population $ 778 billion -- Expected amount that Social Security will pay out in benefits in 2012 40,000 -- People who claimed SSN 078-05-1120 after finding it on a sample wallet insert
CNN  -- Abby Sunderland says the next goal awaiting her seems more dangerous and unfamiliar than sailing around the world : getting her driver 's license . Sunderland , 16 , answered questions about her rescue and on-land plans Tuesday in Los Angeles , at her first news conference since returning to the United States . Sunderland 's quest to circumnavigate the globe was cut short when a large wave rolled and crippled her boat in the Southern Ocean near Australia . The rogue wave , which she said rolled her boat while she was down below , broke the ship 's mast . A fishing vessel from Reunion Island rescued her . Despite falling short of her goal , she sailed a total of 12,000 nautical miles and became the youngest person to sail around Cape Horn at the tip of South America . While she wants to get back to sailing , she said she will wait a few years before trying to circumnavigate the world again . For now , she plans to finish high school and get back to normal life . Sunderland said she is happy to be home , disappointed that she did n't make it all the way around the world , but proud of what she did accomplish . It 's really great to think that I may have inspired some people to go for their dreams " she said . "  I mean , I 'm living proof that things do n't always work out the way you plan , but you can only plan so far on an adventure . " Asked her response to those who said she was too young to have embarked on her journey , she said , "  I 've crossed two oceans , I 've sailed around Cape Horn and Cape Argus -- the question of my age should have been over weeks if not months ago . " iReport : Sunderland speaks out Sunderland 's brother , Zac , family spokesman Lyle Mercer , and Jeff Casher , a technical advisor for her voyage , also spoke at the news conference . The young sailor 's mother and father , Marianne and Laurence Sunderland , missed the news conference because Marianne was in labor , Mercer said . They plan to name the child Paul after the captain of the ship that rescued Abby Sunderland , Mercer said . Marianne and Laurence Sunderland have been criticized nationally for letting their child embark on a seemingly dangerous mission alone . In a statement read by Mercer , they said the "  intense personal criticism crossed the line of human decency , " and that people do n't realize how meticulously they planned the trip . "  Parenting is n't easy for any of us , " they said in the statement . Abby Sunderland said she and her brother , who set the record as the youngest person to sail around the world alone at 17 last year , have grown closer because of their common experience of being isolated on the ocean . Zac Sunderland said at the news conference that he is n't bitter about his younger sister receiving more media attention for her adventure . While plans for a reality show fell through , Abby Sunderland wants to write about her trip for herself and will consider turning it into a book , she said .	Abby Sunderland answered questions at her first U.S. news conference Tuesday She sailed 12,000 nautical miles and became youngest person to sail around Cape Horn She said she 's proved her age should n't be a concern Her parents are naming their next child Paul after the captain of the rescue ship
CNN  -- What if you saw your city as a giant obstacle course ? Buildings were there to be leaped from , railings hurdled over , rooftops rolled across . Suddenly the morning commute is n't so boring when you 're scaling concrete walls Spider-Man-style , or balancing along ledges with the stealth of Catwoman . There are countless ways to move through our urban spaces -- so why do we often plod along with the crowd ? A growing community sees things differently . This is parkour , a daring discipline where people bound around concrete jungles in the most efficient way possible -- if that means leaping from building to building high above the gridlock below , then so be it . They rely only on their bodies , using the city 's surfaces to powerfully propel themselves forward , reading the landscape with an almost animal instinct . t School of hard knocks Can anyone become a parkour pro ? I 'm about to find out -- starting from the inside . In a converted shipment yard in east London , ripped young men spring across concrete blocks with the ease of panthers . They are training in the UK 's first purpose-built parkour center -- a sign not just of how popular this once-underground activity has become , but how organized . A vast warehouse has been decked-out to resemble the urban landscape , filled with a haphazard assortment of steel railings , brick walls , and giant trucks tires . A gentle electronic soundtrack plays in the background . Why practice parkour inside , when there 's a whole world to explore outside these four walls ? "  We wanted somewhere you could train without worrying about residents complaining or being kicked off by the police -- and fair enough , if you are jumping on somebody 's walls , they might not like it , " explained 27-year-old James Adams , who four years ago quit his job as a high court civil servant to teach parkour full-time . "  We do n't expect people to stop training outside , and we would n't want them to . But especially for those starting out , this place can be really useful -- it 's a community of people to learn from . " An ideal introduction for those like myself , whose sporting prowess is limited to running after the bus or squeezing myself onto a train at rush hour . There are no soft furnishing in this cavernous concrete building , and before I attempt my first challenge -- leaping over a waist-high steel railing -- I 'm giving a word of warning . "  This is n't a gymnastics center , " says Adams . "  You ca n't fall on your head here and be fine . " Urban acrobats Twenty minutes later I find myself hanging upside down from a four-meter-high concrete wall , gripping on for dear life . "  It really pushes you mentally to face fear and overcome it , " says Adams , who first took up parkour because he was "  bored out of his brain at the gym . " "  Once you start training , your vision expands . It frees you in a huge way . You see a railing on your way to the train station and think ` I 'm not going to go three feet out of my way . I can go over that . " Even in my panicked state gently rolling backwards down a wall , blood rushing to my head and the center swimming before my eyes , a strange thought looms before me . ` This is so much cooler than the gym . ' Lights , camera , action Since it emerged in France in the 1980s , parkour has been as hard to pin down as the people who practice it , used as everything from a way to keep fit , to security training , and even film stunts . In the opening scenes of James Bond film "  Casino Royale , " Daniel Craig leaps , rolls , and hurdles after a bad guy through a bustling construction site -- culminating in a spectacular dive between two cranes . This is no ordinary villain , but Sebastian Foucan , one of the founders of parkour , and the pair perform moves so death-defying , you might think they were the work of special effects alone . "  It 's almost expected now that when a superhero is traveling across the city , they 'll be able to do parkour , because it looks cooler for them to run down the street and vault over a bin , than to just run in a straight line , " says Adams . "  People do a class and assume the first thing I 'm going to ask them to do is a triple backflip -- it could n't be further from the truth . Most of the training we do is low and safe . " Power and beauty The academy now hopes to train uniformed forces . As Adams says , a police officer who can chase someone over a wall , is going to be much more valuable than one who struggles to keep up . Despite his bulky physique , there is an elegance to the way Adams lightly leaps over wooden barriers , and it 's easy to see why parkour is also increasingly being used on stage -- the group is currently working on a performance of "  Alice in Wonderland " . One thing 's for certain , parkour will make that journey down the rabbit hole a lot more interesting . Learn : Freerunners find their feet in Baghdad	Introducing parkour , a discipline where people leap , roll , hurdle across cities Made famous in film stunts such as James Bond thriller ` Casino Royale ' UK 's first purpose-built parkour center opens in east London shipment yard Plans to train security forces , dance and theater groups
Catholic bishops "  will be held accountable " for failing to protect children from sexual abuse , Pope Francis said Monday , his strongest acknowledgment yet of what abuse victims have been saying for decades : that the cover-ups have often been as bad as the crimes . But without strong action to back up those words , such groups are likely to view Francis ' comments as little more than lip service . Vatican officials have so far been reluctant to take action against bishops accused of concealing abuse . In a homily given during a private Mass with six victims of church sexual abuse , Francis apologized for the abuse and asked for forgiveness . "  I beg your forgiveness , too , for the sins of omission on the part of Church leaders who did not respond adequately to reports of abuse made by family members , as well as by abuse victims themselves , " Francis said in the homily , according to a text of the statement provided by the Vatican . "  This led to even greater suffering on the part of those who were abused and it endangered other minors who were at risk , " he said . In his homily , Francis said that "  all bishops must carry out their pastoral ministry with the utmost care in order to help foster the protection of minors , and they will be held accountable . " Despite the strong words , a victims advocacy group , the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , or SNAP , said Monday 's session failed to advance the cause of preventing molestation by priests , arguing that "  no child on earth is safer today because of this meeting . " "  Let 's not mistake this meeting today for real action , " SNAP President Barbara Blaine told CNN . "  The meeting today will not make children safer . " "  I think that Pope Francis has yet to take strong action that will protect children and he could do that by firing the bishops who have been complicit and who are transferring predators , " she said . Opinion : Pope 's apology on sex abuse still does n't cut it Francis has called for "  zero tolerance " of sexual abuse by clerics , and last week a Vatican tribunal defrocked Polish Archbishop Jozef Wesolowski after finding him guilty of sexual abuse of minors . CNN religion commentator Rev. Edward Beck said that was a sign of change . "  So what people have been calling for with regards to the hierarchy needing to accept responsibility and action be taken against them has already begun to happen , " he said . Blaine rejected the notion Wesolowski 's defrocking was a major shift , saying church officials had covered up for him in the past and have failed to do enough to facilitate his prosecution in the Dominican Republic , where at least some of the abuse was alleged to have occurred . Monday 's meeting between Francis and the six victims of church sexual abuse was not the first such meeting between a pontiff and survivors , but it was the first of Francis ' papacy . It involved three men and three women from Britain , Ireland and Germany who met privately with Francis for about 30 minutes in his private residence at Casa Santa Marca , Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi told reporters . The abuse survivors also celebrated Mass with Francis . Lombardi said the victims emerged from the meeting moved by what he described as a "  profound spiritual encounter and dialogue . " "  If you had seen the people coming out of the meeting , it would have been totally , absolutely clear that it was not a publicity stunt , " Lombardi said , reacting to a statement last month by SNAP calling the meeting "  self-serving . " "  The most important thing the Pope hopes to come out of this occasion , is that the victims themselves felt welcomed and listened to , " Lombardi said . In his homily , Francis acknowledged that sexual abuse by priests has had profound consequences on victims . "  Many of those who have suffered in this way have also sought relief in the path of addiction , " he said . "  Others have experienced difficulties in significant relationships , with parents , spouses and children . Suffering in families has been especially grave , since the damage provoked by abuse affects these vital family relationships . " "  Some have even had to deal with the terrible tragedy of the death of a loved one by suicide , " Francis told the victims . "  The deaths of these so beloved children of God weigh upon the heart and my conscience and that of the whole Church . " Francis became Pope in March 2013 . While critics have said he should have met with victims earlier , Francis has said he believes the Church has been unfairly attacked . The Pope asked Cardinal Sean O'Malley , the archbishop of Boston , to help organize the meeting . O'Malley is a member of a new commission spearheaded by Francis -- the Commission for the Protection of Minors -- to advise him on ways to help move forward after the Church 's sex abuse crisis . One member of the group is a woman who was a sex abuse victim .	"  Let 's not mistake this meeting today for real action , " victim 's group head says Pope meets with victims , says leaders will be "  held accountable " Francis has called for "  zero tolerance " of sexual abuse by clerics The victims were moved by meeting with Francis , spokesman says
CNN  -- For most of us , watching a fly mindlessly bouncing against a window in an effort to escape , is pretty annoying -- perhaps even infuriating . For a team of Swiss scientists , this stubborn maneuver could change the face of search-and-rescue missions forever . Introducing GimBall -- a spherical flying robot encased in a flexible cage , which allows it to happily smash into surfaces while navigating disaster sites . Bounce back Unlike other rescue robots , where colliding with obstacles could easily spell the end of an expedition , GimBall is able to bounce back without losing its bearings or damaging its in-built camera . The futuristic floating ball is the brainchild of scientists at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology  EPFL  , and it 's hoped that one day it will be used for everything from searching for survivors to measuring gas leaks in collapsed buildings . Watch : Flying robots perform amazing acrobatics "  We were wondering why insects were so capable of going inside any building -- yet had limited senses such as eyesight , " explained co-creator Adrien Briod . "  One capability that was completely overlooked was their ability to collide into surfaces . For insects this is n't a big deal -- but it is for robots . " Flying to the rescue Indeed , one of the first major search-and-rescue missions to use robots was in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks on New York 's Twin Towers -- an area deemed too dangerous or inaccessible to humans . However , the ground-dwelling machines sometimes found it difficult to negotiate the collapsed World Trade Center , becoming stuck in the rubble . In the last decade , robotics has come a long way , with scientists increasingly looking at the benefits of flying machines in disaster zones . Watch : Flying robots inspired by birds "  A ground robot will very quickly be limited -- even a staircase is difficult . If you need to reach people on the fifth floor of a building , it wo n't be able to do it , " said Briod . "  Flying allows you to overcome large obstacles . And it provides an elevated point of view -- it 's very useful to have an image of the scene from eye level , than from the floor . " Clever design So how does Gimball work ? With a 37 centimeter diameter , the robot is a little larger than a basketball . Featuring a stable inner frame , and a rotating outer frame made of 90 flexible carbon rods , it is able to bounce off surfaces without damaging the machine . While other robots might need heavy sensors to help avoid collisions , GimBall keeps things light , weighing just 370 grams . Two propellers help it fly along at 5 kilometers per hour , with enough battery power to last five minutes . It can either be remote controlled , or fly autonomously , sending back footage to operators . Briod now hopes the pioneering design will be used in real lifesaving missions within the next year , and said we were on the brink of a new era in technology where drones were used in everyday life . "  Up until now , the military had all the drones out there , but in the last few years there 's been a huge development in civilian use , " he said . "  Technology is developing really fast in the field of remote control -- drones are used in rescue missions , fire , or inspecting unstable buildings , bridges , and boats . " Sci-Fi future The research team recently took GimBall for a spin in a Swiss woodland , watching it smash into trees , roll along uneven ground , and negotiate branches -- all without damaging its inner workings . It appeared like a rogue alien aircraft that had been left behind on a mission to Earth . So what is it about flying robots that continues to capture our imaginations in a way few other pieces of tech can ? "  It 's not limited to 2D -- that 's what fascinates people , this freedom to move in the third dimension , " said Briod . "  And seeing your creation flying is extremely satisfying . "	Introducing GimBall , the flying robot that moves like a fly The machine features a protective cage that lets it bounce off surfaces Includes a small in-built camera Swiss scientists hope it will be used in search and rescue missions in the future
CNN  After a siege at a Kenyan mall two years ago , the FBI started staging mock attacks in U.S. shopping centers during off hours to test their readiness , an official said . More than 60 people died when Al-Shabaab militants raided an upscale mall in Nairobi and held shoppers hostage for four days . The terror group released a video Saturday calling for similar attacks in malls in the United States , Canada and the UK . Although Homeland Security and the FBI say they are not aware of a specific , credible plot against U.S. malls , they 've worked to improve security in light of the attack in Kenya . Last year , the FBI teamed up with various malls nationwide to increase preparedness , a law enforcement official told CNN . It tested the readiness of SWAT teams by staging fake attacks at malls when they were closed , the official said . Since then , the FBI has had a program that works with malls to improve security , the official said . The Somalia-based terror group has limited past attacks to its home country and neighboring Kenya and Uganda . But as other terror groups such as ISIS have made vicious headlines , Al-Shabaab may be feeling left out , U.S. officials said . The Department of Homeland Security and the FBI say they believe the video was the militants ' attempt to compete for attention and recruits with other terrorist groups , one official said . Al-Shabaab 's strength is compromised , a U.S. law enforcement official said , and while the group has the desire to see a mall attack in the U.S. , it probably is n't able to do so . Despite what some officials described as an attention ploy , security was beefed up in malls listed as potential targets . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said there 's no credible evidence suggesting a U.S. mall attack is in the works . But shoppers should be vigilant nonetheless , he said . "  There will be enhanced security  at malls  , " he said Sunday . "  But public vigilance , public awareness and public caution in situations like this is particularly important , and it 's the environment we 're in , frankly . " Stressing that there is no known credible threat to any mall , Johnson cautioned that attacks can be unpredictable . "  I wo n't know about when the next bad actor is going to strike , " he said . In Bloomington , Minnesota , home to Mall of America , one of the shopping centers named in the video , law enforcement agencies said they remain vigilant . "  Enhanced security measures to include additional personnel have been implemented and all information is being monitored , " local police said in a statement Sunday . The mall said it takes any "  potential threat seriously " and has implemented extra security . "  We have protocols in place that as things happen we can ramp up and we 've implemented some of those strategies , " said Bloomington Police Chief Jeff Potts . "  Some of them are things that people would n't notice . " Michael Rozin , a security consultant to the Mall of America , said that dedicated explosive-detection dog teams patrol the mall . Officers are trained specifically in behavior-detection techniques , he said . The mall also has its own intelligence branch and a station where teams monitor chatter on social media , according to Rozin . The West Edmonton Mall in Alberta , Canada , which was also named in the video , said it has boosted security and is working with federal and local law enforcement agencies . "  Canada will not be intimidated by threats from any terrorist organization , " Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney said . The video also mentioned shopping centers in the UK . Westfield Corp. said there is no "  evidence of an imminent threat " to its shopping centers , but it 's taking steps to ensure safety . UK Metropolitan Police Counter Terror Command also said it is aware of the video . Amano Dube , a leader in the Somali community in Minneapolis , said radicalization is a great concern . "  The root cause of the problem is poverty , identity crisis and a lack of education , " he told CNN . "  We have to create projects and programs and opportunities for these young men to focus on the future and positive life-changing things . " The Somali community has met to discuss the video and to address it in a unified manner , he said , likening radicalization to a disease . "  We have to work hard for our community and families , to dismantle this ; it 's a grave concern , " Dube said . "  With social media ... it has really given the best opportunities for this evil to affect all communities and ages . " Although Al-Shabaab 's past attacks have been limited to East Africa , the militants have heavily recruited in Minneapolis , where young men have been slipping away to join the terror group . The city is home to the largest Somali population in the United States . In addition to Kenya and Somalia , Al-Shabaab has also struck in Uganda , where it killed dozens gathered to watch a World Cup soccer match in Kampala five years ago . Kenya and Uganda have sent their forces to neighboring Somalia to battle the extremists . As the attacks get more daring , the international community has rallied to fight the militants . Last year , a U.S. airstrike in Somalia killed the Al-Shabaab leader . The terror group later replaced him and vowed to avenge his death . Al-Shabaab started off with a goal of waging a war against the Somali government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or Sharia . It has since shifted focus to terrorist attacks in Somalia and beyond . CNN 's Nick Valencia , Catherine E. Shoichet and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	The FBI says it 's not aware of any credible plot against U.S. malls The agency says it has a program to work with various malls nationwide to improve security Al-Shabaab terror group has released a video calling for an attack similar to one on a Kenyan mall two years ago
CNN  -- An ongoing "  massive deployment " against insurgent groups in northern Nigeria by the nation 's special forces killed at least 14 suspected terrorists and captured 20 others , according to a statement released Sunday by Nigeria 's defense ministry . The ministry had reported killing at least 10 suspected terrorists and apprehending another 65 on Saturday , as well as the deaths of "  conservatively speaking , over 20 dead " on Friday . Sunday 's update noted that three soldiers were killed and seven more were wounded in the offensive . Opinion : Nigerians ask , are we at war ? Troops also seized seven vehicles and 13 telephone handsets , as patrols moved "  to secure towns and villages from infiltration , " while enforcing curfews in areas deemed potentially dangerous , the ministry said Sunday . A day earlier , the ministry trumpeted a weapons seizure that included rocket-propelled grenade launchers . . Among those targeted by the military was the Islamist militant group Boko Haram . The military said its forces stopped an attempt by fleeing Boko Haram insurgents to infiltrate Maiduguri , the capital of Borno state , in northeastern Nigeria . Much of the violence over recent years has been blamed on Boko Haram , the name of which means "  Western education is sacrilege . " On Friday , a spokesman for the U.N. human rights commissioner told reporters that Boko Haram could face war crimes charges for alleged ethnic and religious cleansing in Nigeria . Addressing reporters in Geneva , Rupert Colville urged it and other extremist groups to stop "  cowardly attacks " against civilians , security forces , Nigerian officials and foreign nationals . According to Human Rights Watch , the group has killed more than 2,800 people in an escalating campaign to impose strict Islamic law on largely Muslim northern Nigeria . Nigeria is Africa 's most populous country , with a population of nearly 175 million according to the CIA World Factbook , and is the political and economic powerhouse of West Africa . Friday : Insurgents killed in raid on camps , military says CNN 's Vladimir Duthiers contributed to this report from Ghana , and Jennifer Deaton contributed to this report from Atlanta	Nigeria is touting success against Islamist insurgents Special forces have either killed or captured dozens of militants , the defense ministry says Three soldiers were killed and seven more wounded , the ministry says Troops are trying to secure towns and villages in northern Nigeria from "  infiltration "
CNN  -- The roar of the crowd was deafening on April 9 , as 30,000 Indians cheered on their teams at one of Kolkata 's most hotly anticipated sporting events -- except this crowd was not supporting record-breaking batsman Sachin Tendulkar or marveling at Harbhajan Singh 's fast spin bowl . The event was the Kolkata Derby -- a fierce soccer rivalry between Mohun Bagan AC and Kingfisher East Bengal Football Club that has seen both teams clash 299 times over the last eight decades . The passion of the crowd was a sign of Kolkata 's long romance with the "  beautiful game , " and indicative of a sport on the rise in India . Soccer 's history on the subcontinent stretches back to the late 1800s when it was introduced by British colonial administrators and its subsequent growth means that today it boasts 83 million television viewers , according to the India-based TV ratings agency TAM Media Research . This figure is third only to India 's de facto national sport and first love , cricket , which comes first with 122 million viewers , and wrestling which attracts 96 million . Furthermore , a data study conducted by TAM Media Research between 2005 and 2009 found that India 's football audience increased by 60 % within this five-year period . This trend was reinforced by a Nielsen survey in 2010 which found that 47 % of India 's 1.2 billion  2009 World Bank figures  population would describe themselves as football fans . The popularity of the English Premier League , which is broadcast on satellite channels such as ESPN , has also mushroomed among India 's affluent middle class , who are increasingly passionate about a game traditionally perceived as working class . According to Manu Sawhney , managing director of ESPN STAR Sports , the channel broadcasts more than 230 English Premier League matches live every season and offers over 1500 hours of programming , thereby feeding the growth in demand . Jonathan Hill , the FA 's group commercial director , said : "  Together we have grown the popularity of English football in Asia and we look forward to continuing this strong relationship in the coming years . " India 's World Cup audience has also witnessed a marked increase in recent years . In 2006 , the tournament was viewed by 50 million people in India through ESPN STAR Sports alone -- a 44 % rise from the 2002 figure . Popularity paradox The paradox of the recent boom in popularity is that -- unlike like other countries such as Japan , Australia and South Korea -- the growth in demand has not been led by the success of the national team . India last qualified for the World Cup in 1950 and currently places 146th in FIFA 's global rankings thanks to a series of qualification failures for major tournaments -- albeit interspersed by victories in the Asian Games , the Asian Nations Cup , the South Asian Football Federation Cup and the AFC Challenge Cup . For Kalyan Chaubey , CEO of Mohun Bagan Football Academy , there are a number of factors that have contributed to the current state of affairs . "  I think a lack of international matches -LSB- is -RSB- a problem and our neighboring countries Bangladesh , Nepal and Pakistan are not strong enough , so we are not getting competitive matches , " Chaubey told CNN . " -LSB- But -RSB- the All India Football Federation  AIFF  has restructured their administration and recently money has been pouring into the game , so more windows of opportunity are opening up , " he added . "  I 'm sure football has a viable market in a country with a population of 1.2 billion . There are many pockets across -LSB- India -RSB- where football is equally or more popular than cricket , such as Goa , Kolkata , Kerala , Bangalore , parts of Delhi and the whole northeast of India . The passion is really high -- we just need to achieve something internationally . " The domestic dilemma The national team is not the only area of untapped potential , according to many working in football in India ; the domestic leagues and infrastructure could both be areas for development . Chaubey cites heavy competition for an insufficient number of stadiums prone to monsoon-inflicted damage as a notable obstacle stifling the potential of Indian football , which he says regularly attracts up to 500,000 spectators in the northeast of the country . "  Every state has its own football league and there are at least five divisions , " Chaubey said . "  Each division has 15 to 20 teams , so getting grounds is an issue . "  When there are 100 grounds in a city that has 500 football teams that practice regularly , -LSB- clubs -RSB- hardly have time to maintain those grounds . " Building for the future But it is at the grass roots where arguably the need is greatest and the most effort is being focused , according to Chaubey . "  Lots of youths are keen to play football but we are lacking quality coaches and infrastructure . -LSB- Many -RSB- senior teams get the facilities but youths do n't . " Football coach Bill Adams , agrees with the sentiment and founded the Super Soccer Academy in New Delhi in 1998 as a way to combat what he saw as poor standards of youth coaching . "  There was a big disconnect between what I 'd been doing and the kind of things the schools were doing with my child , " he told CNN . "  The coaching was designed for adults not for seven-year-olds . " Adams says the professional football he encountered when he relocated to India from Britain in the early 1990s was "  amateurish " and held back by the government-controlled Sports Authority of India and the AIFF , which administers association football in India and controls the top-tier I-League . But due to funding from the Asian Football Confederation  AFC  , which has recently insisted on the AIFF employing professionals , Adams thinks the situation is improving . "  The AFC have really worked hard to professionalize football in India , " he said . "  Ten years ago , there was nowhere near this level of professionalism . The AFC are insisting on a particular management structure and a particular academy structure , otherwise -LSB- clubs -RSB- will not be recognized and allowed in the national league . " There are further moves from the AIFF to build on these foundations too , after the body announced in April plans to restart the AFC 's Vision India program , which aims to increase the national association 's efficiency , improve youth and grass roots football participation through programs and activities and develop national competitions for clubs and players . Meanwhile , FIFA has continued to make inroads in centralizing the administration of Indian football through its two Goal Projects and in improving footballing infrastructure . In 2007 , FIFA launched the $ 8 million "  Win in India " project to build a range of football grounds across the country . Construction of three turf pitches in Bangalore , Imphal and Shillong is due for completion in June 2011 , while five further pitches are scheduled to be built across Kolkata , Mumbai , Goa and Pune . A FIFA spokesman told CNN : "  FIFA is convinced of the huge potential of India in terms of football development . This is why FIFA devised the program Win in India , which is now being implemented . "  FIFA has been working with the AIFF with the two Goal projects , helping in building the association 's headquarters in New Delhi , as well as two technical centers in Karnataka and Sikkim . " Untapped player potential Infrastructure aside , India is increasingly seen as an area that could provide talent to the top clubs in Europe . In 2009 , Britain 's Liverpool FC joined forces with Indian educational institution Bharati Vidyapeeth and the English FA to launch the Abhijit Kadam Football Development Centre  AKFDC  in Pune . AKFDC is the first collaboration between an English Premier League club and an Indian college aimed at fostering Indian football excellence through a range of courses devised in partnership with leading UK educational institutes . Premier League giants Arsenal and Manchester United have targeted talented Indian youths for training in the UK , while Chelsea have expressed interest in establishing a football academy in India . A spokesperson for Chelsea told CNN : "  It is clear that the game is growing in popularity on the subcontinent . Chelsea 's "  Search for an Asian Star " demonstrates beyond doubt that there is a huge passion for football within the Asian community as well as a considerable talent base . "  May will see almost 400 young Asian players travel to our training ground battling it out to win a trial at our world famous academy . Already four previous winners have gone on to play at professional academies and we hope we have inspired many others to develop their game at a higher level . "	India 's 83 million football fans are a testament to a sport rapidly on the rise across the subcontinent Despite such grassroots support however , India 's national team ranks 146th globally Experts blame poor international exposure and bad management for the state of Indian football AFC and FIFA are trying to improve the game by injecting funding for infrastructure
DALLAS , Texas  CNN  -- A police officer was killed Friday morning in a motorcycle accident as Sen. Hillary Clinton 's motorcade made its way through downtown Dallas , police said . The Dallas Police Department said Senior Cpl. Victor Lozada-Tirado was traveling southbound on the Houston Street viaduct when he struck a curb , lost control of the motorcycle and went down . Lozada-Tirado was transported to Methodist Central Hospital , where he was pronounced dead . A Dallas police officer since December 1988 , Lozada-Tirado was married with four children , according to police . CNN affiliate WFAA-TV in Dallas/Fort Worth reported he was 49 . There were no other vehicles involved in the accident , police said , and the motorcade was able to continue to the site without further incident . Clinton said she called the Dallas police chief and would contact the officer 's family at an appropriate time . The Democratic presidential candidate said she is "  greatly heartsick over this loss of life in the line of duty . " "  I just want to express my deepest condolences to the family and to the Dallas Police Department on this tragic , tragic loss , " she said . "  I am certainly grateful for all they do for me and more importantly what they do for the citizens of cities like Dallas . " Watch Clinton offer her condolences " Clinton is attending rallies Friday in Texas and Ohio ahead of those states ' primaries on March 4 . In the past 18 months , there have been two fatal accidents involving motorcycle officers escorting President Bush . On August 27 , Germaine Casey , an officer from Rio Rancho , New Mexico , died when his motorcycle crashed as the motorcade approached the airport in Albuquerque . The 40-year-old had been the lead motorcycle in the motorcade when the crash occurred . On November 21 , 2006 , Steve Favela , a Honolulu police motorcycle officer , crashed on wet roads in Hawaii while part of the president 's motorcade . Favela , 30 , died of his injuries a week later . Two other officers were injured in the crash . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Sasha Johnson and Mike Roselli contributed to this report .	NEW : Dallas police Senior Cpl. Victor Lozada-Tirado dies in motorcycle accident Officer was part of Sen. Hillary Clinton 's motorcade in Dallas Clinton says she is "  greatly heartsick over this loss "
CNN  -- What happens when you ask a super-car designer to create a super luxurious train ? Magic , judging by the above images released by Japanese rail company JR East . Yamagata-born Ken Okuyama , well known in automobile design circles , was brought in to style the company 's super slick new Cruise Train , due to start chugging down the tracks in spring 2017 . Holding a maximum of 34 passengers , the Cruise Train will have 10 carriages made up of five suites , one deluxe suite , two glass-walled observation cars , a dining car and lounge . Okuyama has worked as a chief designer for General Motors , a senior designer for Porsche AG and design director for Pininfarina , the company behind the Ferrari Enzo and Maserati Quattroporte . According to his company , Ken Okuyama Design , he wanted to create a train that would allow passengers "  to appreciate the flow of the time and space , " while enjoying Japan 's landscapes and culture throughout the journey . One of the more unique features is the observation carriage at the front of the train , which allows passengers to see onto the tracks ahead . The other observation car is at the end of the train . JR Rail says the train will be fitted with furniture that conveys the nobility of traditional Japanese culture . The Lounge , for instance , is wrapped in graceful curves and features decor inspired by trees . All suites will have a private bathroom with a shower and toilet , but the top sleeping space is the split level deluxe suite , which sleeps four . On the bottom are two double beds , on the top a traditional Japanese dining area , with seats on the floor . The train will be able to run on both electric and non-electric rails . Ca n't wait till 2017 ? JR East 's upcoming Cruise Train wo n't be the first Japanese train to take the super-luxury route . JR Kyushu 's Seven Stars train , which features Japanese and Western design elements , hit the tracks in the fall of 2013 . This one only travels through the island of Kyushu and has 14 luxury guest rooms , two deluxe suites , three presidential suites , a lounge car , dining car and bar . Guests can choose either the two - or three-night experience . The name "  Seven Stars " represents the seven prefectures of Kyushu , the seven carriages of the train and the seven main tourist attractions of the island  nature , cuisine , hot springs , history/culture , spiritual sites , local hospitality and sightseeing  . Those who want to take a Seven Stars journey need to apply online . Prices start from Â ¥ 180,000  $ 1,765  per person for the two-night trip . No first come first serve here . The company says that in the event that applications exceed available places , a lottery will be conducted to select participants .	Yamagata-born Ken Okuyama designed JR East 's new Cruise Train , due to debut in 2017 Okuyama has designed for Porshe and Pininfarina -- the company that designs Ferrari and Maserati Cruise Train to have 10 carriages that hold maximum of 34 passengers
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- The mother of Nigeria 's finance minister was kidnapped Sunday , sparking a "  massive manhunt " for her captors , officials said . Kamene Okonjo , an academic in Nigeria and the mother of Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala , was abducted from her home in Ogwashi-Uku , Delta State , a Finance Ministry statement said . "  At this point , it is difficult to say whether those behind this action are the same people who have made threats against the ... minister in the recent past or other elements with hostile motives , " the statement said . Police spokesman Frank Mba told CNN that "  the  Inspector General of Police  has ordered a massive manhunt for the perpetrators of the crime . " "  He directed the police operatives to ensure that no stone is left unturned in efforts at solving the crime , rescuing the victim and reuniting her safely with her family , " Mba said . Okonjo-Iweala lost her bid in April to become the next president of the World Bank -- the first ever challenge to the U.S. nominee in the institution 's history .	A "  massive manhunt " is under way for her captors It is not known who is behind the kidnapping Kamene Okonjo is the mother of Finance Minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala
CNN  -- Florida A&M drum major Robert Champion walked into the darkness of Bus C in a parking lot in Orlando , Florida , last fall in the hope of gaining respect from his fellow band members . On November 19 , Champion and the rest of the band were in Orlando for the Florida Classic football game , the last game of the football season . It would be Champion 's last chance of the year to endure the "  cross over , " the name for the process of being fully initiated into the band . According to witnesses , Champion first endured a pummeling with fists and bass drum mallets as he sat in what the band describes as the "  hot seat . " The drum major then would have to "  cross over , " making his way through a gauntlet of punches , drumsticks and mallets toward the back of the bus . The bus rocked back and forth violently as other band members lined the aisle , witnesses said , with some grabbing onto his body , trying to keep him from reaching the back of the bus , a signal that he 'd made it through . Champion eventually would make it to the point where he could touch his hand to the back wall , but he would never make it back to his hotel . Champion , 26 , died last year because of "  hemorrhagic shock due to soft tissue hemorrhage , due to blunt force trauma , " the Orange County medical examiner said . More than 2,000 pages of police interviews with witnesses and defendants who were aboard the bus on the day of Champion 's death paint the first full blow-by-blow account of what happened on the night they say Champion and two others were hazed . Florida A&M band fraternity charter revoked after hazing investigation Champion 's roommate Keon Hollis told police that the initiation process went against everything that the drum major believed in . Champion did n't want to go through with it , but decided he had to in order to earn respect , Hollis told police . "  If you want to be somebody you have to do it , " band member Ryan Dean said . Hollis had taken a shot of alcohol before heading down to the bus that night with Champion . Lissette Sanchez , one of the female band members , was first to run through the gantlet . She had also earlier endured a beating in the "  hot seat , " a ritual which band members said usually happened three times on different occasions before you could "  cross over . " FAMU 's band director steps down amid hazing death controversy "  You 're bent over and they just like play cadences on your back , " band member Evan Calhoun told police about the "  hot seat . " Others described the "  hot seat " beatings as more intense on other occasions . They said a band member would sit , head between his or her knees , be covered with a blanket to make it impossible to see , and then be beaten with drumsticks or bass drum mallets for a few minutes . Upperclassmen in charge of organizing the ritual are normally packed into the back of the bus , making that the most brutal part of the gantlet , band members said . The older members instructed others not to hit Sanchez near the kidneys during the gantlet , because she suffered from medical problems . Sanchez said she was "  basically unconscious " after the routine . As she sat in the back of the bus recovering , it was time for Keon Hollis to face the group . "  It was a lot of people . It was really dark on the bus , " Hollis told police . "  It had to be at least maybe like 15 people . " Hollis began the process , as others had , by taking off his shirt in preparation for the ritual . He said that as he struggled to get past the band members , he was slapped with open hands , beaten with straps and a comb , and kicked . He then stayed at the back of the bus , trying to regain his composure and breathing after being winded . When he walked back to the front of the bus , before vomiting in the parking lot , his fellow band members hollered and clapped in celebration -- a signal that he had truly completed the initiation . Then , it was time for Champion , who as a drum major was subject to a bit more pummeling , some fellow band members said . Since drum majors were considered to be the police of the band , it was n't surprising if someone snuck in a shot while they had a chance . Band member Benjamin McNamee said that Champion was prepped before his run , hit in the chest before he ran the gantlet . One band member described Champion as looking anxious right before the initiation . Harold Finley said right before Champion made his way through the crowd , someone shouted to "  send the n **** r through . " As he made his way past each member , he was hit and punched . Some people tried to help push him through , while at least one girl tried to hold him back , the way a linebacker would , to make the gantlet more difficult , band members said . At least one person tried to climb over several seats to get another shot at him . "  When that person gets to you , I mean , you can choose to do whatever you want , " Finley said . Band member Ryan Dean said he was trying to shout words of encouragement as the drum major made his way through punches . "  I was just yelling , ` Go ! Come on , man , you can do it , ' " he said . At one point Champion fell down into one of the seats . One band member was "  holding into the rails and kind of just jumping up and down " while Champion was lying in that seat , according to the documents . Someone also grabbed him in a bear hug before Champion pushed through and made his way to about two feet from the end of the bus . "  I see people are kicking him , " band member Jonathan Boyce told police . "  So I grab him to try and keep everybody off of him . I put my body around his body . " When Champion finished the ritual , Boyce sat him down on the floor of the bus . He asked for some water , and Boyce gave him a Gatorade . He seemed fine at that moment , right after the ritual , Boyce said . After all three members had passed the initiation , many of the band members got off the bus and headed back toward the hotel . That 's when Champion started to panic , Boyce said . "  He was having trouble breathing ... and like he could n't see but his eyes were open , " Boyce said . Champion passed out and Boyce said he checked for a pulse . The drum major still had a pulse and was still breathing , so Boyce went upstairs to get someone else to help . Soon after he left , Boyce got a call that Champion was no longer breathing . Band member Marcus Fabre told police that around that time , he heard that after senior band members found out Champion was not moving , they panicked . "  The upperclassmen that initiated the hazing went around the hotel asking for alcohol to rub down  Champion 's  body - take off fingerprints , " he said he was told . A few band members began doing CPR on the drum major . "  They was calling his name and  Champion  was n't saying anything , " band member Darryl Cearnel said . As Cearnel did CPR , others went into the hotel to look for an automated electronic defibrillator . "  He started vomiting when I was giving chest compressions , " Cearnel said . Paramedics showed up soon after , took over compressions and rushed Champion to the hospital . Many of the students said that late that night they began receiving calls or texts that Champion had died . They frantically struggled to figure out exactly what had happened . Almost all of the band members said they never had any intention of injuring Champion or swore they had n't directly taken part in the beating . Last of 11 charged with felony hazing in FAMU case turns herself in Four students were expelled from the school , and another 30 were dismissed from the band soon after Champion 's death . A law enforcement investigation resulted in charges being brought against 13 people . Eleven individuals each face one count of third-degree felony hazing resulting in death . Each is also accused of two counts of first-degree misdemeanor hazing . State law provides a prison term of up to six years for those facing the more serious charges . Two people each face a single count of misdemeanor first-degree hazing . Sentences in such cases typically call for up to a year in jail . FAMU said it has taken steps to eradicate the problem , and after Champion died the university 's board of trustees approved an anti-hazing plan that includes an independent panel of experts to investigate hazing allegations .	Witnesses paint violent blow-by-blow account of Robert Champion 's hazing Two other band members also went through "  cross over " ritual on band 's Bus C Drum major said he was having trouble breathing , passed out after initiation Champion died after hazing incident ; medical examiner ruled death a homicide
CNN  -- A report issued Monday by Pennsylvania attorney general 's says that more could have been done to put convicted pedophile Jerry Sandusky behind bars earlier , but the investigation stalled for months at a time in the three years that a case was built against the former Penn State football defensive coordinator . The report does not accuse anyone -- most notably the former attorney general , current Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett -- of doing anything maliciously to delay the investigation . Instead , it says that investigators from different agencies failed to communicate and share information and that search warrants and subpoenas were not issued as quickly as they could have been . For example , almost three years before his arrest , Sandusky was interviewed by a social worker , but police were not invited to the interview . "  This was a notable failure , particularly since at no point later in the investigation did law enforcement manage to interview Sandusky , " the report said . The report also faults investigators for not finding a 1998 police report at Penn State for nearly two years despite the fact that several people in law enforcement were aware of it . Police also waited two years before contacting Sandusky 's children 's charity , the Second Mile , the place where he met almost all of his victims . Sandusky was convicted in 2012 of 45 counts of child sex abuse against 10 boys . His arrest came with charges including conspiracy and perjury against three Penn State officials , including the former university president . And the scandal led to the firing of legendary Penn State coach Joe Paterno . The report does not talk about Paterno 's role in the scandal â $ " a widely debated topic among Penn State loyalists and fans who are trying to restore his reputation . Attorney General Kathleen Kane promised a review of her predecessor 's handling of the case when she took office in 2012 , and Monday 's report is the conclusion of that two-year review . Corbett declined to respond to the report . Investigators from the Pennsylvania State Police , along with various child welfare agencies , disputed that the actions of their staffs contributed in any way to the delay in the investigation , but instead said that the initial case was too weak to stand alone in criminal court , especially given Sandusky 's stellar reputation in the community . Former Penn State Athletic Director Tim Curley , former Vice President Gary Schultz and former President Graham Spanier are all awaiting trial on charges related to an alleged cover-up of Sandusky 's crimes from the late 1990s and early 2000s . Prosecutors say that e-mails show the ex-Penn State officials knew about two reports of Sandusky abusing boys in the locker room showers on campus , but did not report the second one to police . That second incident was witnessed by former assistant coach Mike McQueary , and the case could go to court later this year , although it has continuously been delayed since the 2011 arrests . Wife : Penn State sex abuse scandal takes toll on Sandusky children Wife : Sandusky ` was found guilty before trial '	Attorney general report says Jerry Sandusky could have been put in prison earlier Report does n't accuse anyone of delaying investigation into pedophile Investigators from different agencies failed to communicate , share information , it says Sandusky was convicted in 2012 of 45 counts of child sex abuse against 10 boys
CNN  -- Hungary -- whose economy is shrinking amid political wrangling -- has been vindicated for its use of "  unconventional " policies and has emerged from crisis , its finance minister says . Gyorgy Matolcsy has overseen an economy that contracted 1.3 % in the first quarter of this year , the worst performance in the European Union . However , it is expected to meet its 2012 budget deficit target of 2.5 % of GDP , and Matolcsy said the country 's "  crisis is over . " Matolcsy said the country had to implement a series of "  unconventional economic policy measures " to bring down the deficit , including one-off levies and the effective nationalization of private pensions . The EU has lambasted the measures as unsustainable , but Matolcsy said such moves are "  the future . " The country was "  forced to be innovative and creative , " he added . Daimler gears up in Hungary The EU froze â ‚ ¬ 495 million of development funds for 2013 in response to the policies , but last month proposed lifting these sanctions as it felt the country was taking the right action to tackle its deficit . A meeting of EU finance ministers is expected to make a final decision later this month . Matolcsy said the moves may have been unusual , but had led to "  growth , jobs and creativity . " The EU "  badly needed " some creativity , he said . Friction remains between the Hungarian government and its lenders , the EU and International Monetary Fund , over additional funds . The main sticking point is a law passed last year that the EU , European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund believe jeopardizes the independence of Hungary 's central bank , the Magyar Nemzeti Bank . The law paved the way to an increase in council members and deputy governors , along with a new president who would have authority over the bank 's governor . The plans raised concerns the bank 's independent decision-making process could be undermined . The Hungarian parliament delayed a vote on amendments to the law this week after the ECB indicated that the changes had not gone far enough . Despite the pushback , Matolcsy is confident on Hungary 's future . "  The whole central European region will be the next hub for the global business community " , he said . "  It will be a region between Europe and Asia , between the States and the EU . " He added : "  It is the next emerging region and you can find Hungary at its heart . " CNN 's Anna Stewart contributed to this report .	Hungary has emerged from crisis , its finance minister says Gyorgy Matolcsy says Hungary has had to use unconventional economic policy measures Matolcsy : These measures have been lambasted but they are the future Matolcsy : EU badly needs some creativity
CNN  Early Thursday -- during the ongoing protests that continue to shake Ferguson , Missouri -- two police officers were shot . Such violence and lawlessness should never be tolerated . But the unrest during which it occurred demonstrates that the people of Ferguson have lost all confidence in their police department . And the resignation of the police chief this week wo n't be enough to restore faith in law and order . Everyone in the department needs to step down so the department can be rebuilt from the ground up . It is easy to see why . After a police officer shot Michael Brown , the U.S. Department of Justice conducted an investigation into the Ferguson Police Department . What investigators found was a "  pattern and practice " of discrimination against African-Americans . In a town with a black population of 67 % , black people represented 85 % of vehicle searches , 90 % of the traffic violations and 93 % of the arrests . There is no way to justify this . Now , the Department of Justice has an opportunity to gut the Ferguson Police Department and rebuild it from scratch . In fact , it 's more than an opportunity : It 's a necessity . In the court of law , there is an old closing argument that goes like this : You sit down , pour yourself a bowl of stew and find that the first piece of meat that you taste is rancid . You do n't put just that piece aside ; you throw out the whole bowl . Lawyers use this story to say that if you catch a witness lying about one thing , then you ca n't believe anything they say . Unfortunately , it is an analogy that can be applied to the Ferguson Police Department . The Department of Justice report revealing unquestionable racist bias that permeated the entire department can not be ignored , and the problems it reveals can not be fixed from the inside . If there are a few good cops in the Ferguson Police Department , they need to leave , and they need to go elsewhere to continue their proud law enforcement career without being overshadowed by their involvement in a poisoned organization . In fact , everyone in the Ferguson Police Department needs to leave , from the top to the bottom . The police department should be completely reconstituted under Department of Justice control in a manner that ensures that citizens of Ferguson receive the type of public service they pay for and deserve -- and more importantly , in a manner that protects their rights , not only as citizens of Ferguson , Missouri , but as constitutionally protected citizens of our country . A completely rebuilt Ferguson Police Department , established with a charter to enforce the law with equality , could serve as an example for every law enforcement agency in the country . A new Ferguson Police Department could show what a concerted , roots-up effort toward nonracist behavior in a police department can be . Under Justice Department leadership , the Ferguson Police Department could become a model for practices such as equipping all police with body cameras , community policing and better use of force training . If we can create from the ashes of the Ferguson Police Department a model that works , it may provide some consolation for minorities who have been disproportionately targeted by law enforcement . And if the black community in Ferguson -- in fact , people of every race in Ferguson -- can look back five years from now and see an unbiased organization of public servants who give respect and get respect , who reduce fear rather than cause it , then perhaps the tragedy of Michael Brown 's death will stand for something .	Mark O'Mara : Justice Department says Ferguson has record of racial discrimination O'Mara says police force in Ferguson must be dismantled He says a new department , with new practices to prevent replay of abuses , can be model for others , help repair injustices in Ferguson
CNN  -- As the United States weighs possible military strikes on Syria in response to a suspected chemical weapons attack , it has to consider a critical question : then what ? A broad cross-section of experts on the region agree : A missile strike could worsen the war in Syria and usher in a host of new problems . "  The key issue is not the tactics of the strikes , but the strategic aftermath , " says Anthony Cordesman , a former Defense Department official now with the Center for Strategic and International Studies . Read the U.S. government 's assessment of Syria Most experts believe a strike would target the Syrian regime 's weapons arsenal -- not suspected sites of chemical weapons stockpiles . The latter would be "  the worst possible option , " and could spread chemicals downwind , says Hamish de Bretton-Gordon , a former commander of the British military 's chemical defense regiment . U.S. officials have said strikes on command bunkers , airfields or the artillery batteries and rocket launchers used to fire chemical projectiles are among the possibilities being considered . CNN asked analysts to discuss what could follow . Al Qaeda , extremists emboldened ? "  A limited attack could suppress morale among regime forces and encourage defections and splits , " says Jeffrey White of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . The opposition would be emboldened -- including the al Qaeda-linked al-Nusra Front , analysts say . "  Supporting the opposition at this point would be like French-kissing al Qaeda , " says Michael Rubin , a former Pentagon official now with the American Enterprise Institute . "  If the opposition wins , al Qaeda will win power . " "  There is a real risk that destabilizing the Assad regime could enable the jihadist and al Qaeda-affiliated rebel groups , " agrees Erica Borghard , author of the policy analysis "  Arms and Influence in Syria : The Pitfalls of Greater U.S. Involvement . " "  These groups are militarily more capable than the rebels currently receiving U.S. support . " It would be difficult for the United States to target al-Nusra infrastructure as part of a missile strike campaign because al-Nusra does not operate with clear "  command-and-control assets " like the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , Borghard says . What do Syria 's neighbors think of potential Western strikes ? Syria steps up attacks ? Many analysts believe a U.S. attack would be aimed largely at making a statement that using chemical weapons in the Syrian civil war is unacceptable -- and that President Barack Obama is serious about his "  red line . " The attack would be unlikely to severely damage al-Assad , analysts say . But a limited attack brings its own dangers . "  Doing something cosmetic would be worse than doing nothing at all , " says Christopher Harmer , senior naval analyst at the Institute for the Study of War . It would send a message to al-Assad "  that he has relative immunity from us , that he can continue to do whatever he wants short of massive chemical attacks on civilians , " Harmer said in a CNN interview . Some other analysts fear al-Assad would respond with new chemical weapons attacks . "  Damaging his air force and known military installations would force him to consider his more extreme options for regime survival , " including chemical weapons to quell rebellions , says Ed Husain of the Council on Foreign Relations . "  Syria is now a fight to the death for both sides . " More than 100,000 people have been killed in the Syrian conflict -- the vast majority through conventional weapons , according to the United Nations . Rebels officials have said 1,300 people were killed in a recent chemical weapons attack ; the United Nations has said hundreds , perhaps more than a thousand , were killed . ` Red line ' debate : Are chemical weapons worse ? The United States insists Syria was behind the attack , but "  there is no absolute certainty , " Husain notes in a CNN Opinion column . Syria insists it has not used chemical weapons , and blames rebels . If rebels did carry out the attack "  to bait America into the conflict , then U.S. firepower would be futile , " says Husain . "  No amount of surgical strikes on government facilities will prevent non-state actors from further use of these weapons . " Bombing raises suspicion of another chemical attack Retaliation -- against Israel ? It 's unlikely Syria would attack U.S. assets , analysts say . "  They could try to shoot down U.S. bombers , if they are used , but have little hope against cruise missiles , " says Benjamin Friedman of the Cato Institute . "  The regime 's forces are tied down against rebels , and it lacks an air force or missiles that can hit any important U.S. targets with reliability . " And if Syria did manage to hit a U.S. target , "  it would only help shift U.S. opinion toward war and invite greater U.S. military involvement " -- the last thing the Syrian regime wants . "  It 's easier for Syria to target Israel , but Israel 's retaliation would bring similarly dire consequences , " Friedman says . "  The nightmare scenario is that Assad will respond by launching chemical weapons into Israel or another neighbor , " says Rubin , of the American Enterprise Institute . "  After all , if he has n't batted an eye at gassing sleeping Syrians , why worry about killing Turks , Jordanians , or Lebanese ? " Israelis have lined up in recent days for gas masks . But a more likely scenario , says Friedman , is that Hezbollah would attack Israel . "  The Lebanon-based terrorist militia might fire rockets into Israel , as they did in 2006 , in response to an attack on their Syria patrons . That could draw the United States more deeply into the war . On the other hand , the memory of Israel 's 2006 response might deter Hezbollah . " International ramifications : Protests , unrest , attacks ? A missile strike on Syria could lead to new violence in other parts of the Middle East and around the world , says Firas Abi Ali , head of Middle East and North Africa Country Risk and Forecasting at IHS . In Lebanon , Hezbollah supporters would be more likely to attack Sunnis "  due to the increased perception that Sunni communities are supporting Western-Israeli targeting of Hezbollah and Syria , " he says . In several Middle Eastern countries , protests could arise -- some of them potentially violent . In Jordan , Syria "  would likely sponsor groups " to attack malls , hotels , and government targets , Abi Ali says . And there will be a "  high risk " of attacks , sponsored by Iran , against Western assets around the world , from India to Thailand to Brazil , Abi Ali says . Russia would also likely take action against companies based in the United States and some other countries , he says . Who wants what ? Syria becomes ` Obama 's War ' ? The repercussions for the United States , in the eyes of the world , could be tremendous , analysts say . "  By intervening , Syria may well prove to be Obama 's war , bequeathed to a new president in 2016 . Civilian casualties are inevitable . The images on our screens will not be Syrians using chemical weapons to kill each other , but American bombs creating carnage and killings in yet another Muslim country , " says Husain of the Council on Foreign Relations . There would be "  real and false claims of collateral damage and civilian deaths , "  and at the United Nations , Syria would accuse the United States of "  illegal aggression , " adds Cordesman of the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  No amount of spin and victory claims can get around these issues . Nothing can stop critics from validly raising every past U.S. mistake in past interventions in the region and the world . " "  The worry here is that the U.S. could be drawn into even more extensive involvement in Syria , " says author Borghard . "  This could involve a number of things , including imposing a no-fly zone over Syrian airspace and/or more extensive arming and training of rebels ... This would be a far more resource-intense operation than the 2011 NATO operation in Libya and would involve greater risks . " Still , "  Doing nothing is not an answer , " says Cordesman . " ... Simply standing by and letting Syria drift into armed , violent partition will threaten every U.S. interest in the region . " At the least , there should be a new international humanitarian effort , increased support for moderate factions in the opposition and a willingness to say the "  U.S. will consider collective action in terms of some no fly zone or use of airpower to both protect and empower the rebels if they can show they really have moderate leadership , can control the flow of arms and support , and will give full rights and protection to their Sunni opponents , " he says . But in examining the possible repercussions of a missile strike , Rubin of the American Enterprise Institute says , "  There is no scenario that will end violence and improve the situation . The time for preventive medicine was two years ago . " "  When one side finally wins , the United States will have to craft a strategy to address a whole new set of problems that such a victory will bring , " he says . "  Let 's call where we are now Phase I of the Syrian civil war . We have yet to see Phase II and Phase III but they are coming . " Syria crisis : Latest developments	A missile strike could worsen the war and usher in new problems "  Supporting the opposition at this point would be like French-kissing al Qaeda , " analyst says Hezbollah could attack Israel in retaliation , analysts say Iran could sponsor attacks against Western assets , analyst says
A 31-year-old Bronx woman has been charged with second-degree murder as a hate crime in the death of a man shoved in front of a subway train , Queens prosecutors said Saturday . District Attorney Richard A. Brown identified the woman as Erika Menendez . She was arraigned late Saturday , where she was ordered held without bail and to undergo a psychiatric evaluation . "  She  said in sum and substance ' I pushed a Muslim off the train tracks because I hate Hindus and Muslims ever since 2001 when they put down the twin towers I 've been beating them up , ' " the prosecutor said in a statement . The victim , Sunando Sen , grew up in a Hindu family , his roommate said . Witnesses said a woman paced the platform and talked to herself Thursday evening shortly before pushing the man as the 11-car train entered the station . The 46-year-old man 's body was pinned under the second car after it came to a stop . The woman made "  statements implicating herself in the death of Sunando Sen , " Paul Browne , the New York Police Department 's chief spokesman , said earlier . Security video showed a person running from the scene . Menendez was identified Saturday afternoon in a lineup , Browne said . She was recognized earlier in the day on a street in Brooklyn by a passer-by who called 911 , the police spokesman said . The caller said she resembled the woman in the video . "  The defendant is accused of committing what is every subway commuter 's worst nightmare -- being suddenly and senselessly pushed into the path of an oncoming train , " said Brown , the district attorney . "  The victim was allegedly shoved from behind and had no chance to defend himself . Beyond that , the hateful remarks allegedly made by the defendant and which precipitated the defendant 's actions can never be tolerated by a civilized society . " It was not clear Saturday evening whether Menendez had obtained an attorney . Sen , of Queens , owned a shop called New Amsterdam Copies and was a graphic designer for posters , said roommate Ar Suman . In early December , Ki-Suck Han , 58 , was shoved onto the tracks in a Times Square station as a train approached . Naeem Davis , 30 , a homeless man , has been charged with second-degree murder in that case .	Judge orders suspect to be held without bail , and undergo a psychiatric exam Erika Menendez is charged with second-degree murder as a hate crime The woman made "  statements implicating herself in the death of Sunando Sen , " police said Witnesses say a woman pushed the man onto the tracks as a train entered a station
Kabul . Afghanistan  CNN  -- Gunmen attacked a spy agency in eastern Afghanistan early Saturday , killing six people and leaving dozens injured , authorities said . The Taliban militant group claimed responsibility for the attack in Jalalabad city . It targeted the provincial headquarters of the national directorate of security in Nangarhar province , according to Hazrat Hussain Mashriqiwal , a local police spokesman . The attack started with a suicide bombing involving an explosives-laden truck and two assailants at the gate of the compound , he said . Six more attackers armed with guns and hand grenades then stormed into the building and battled with security forces for hours . All six assailants were killed , according to the spokesman . Most of the 45 people wounded are nearby residents injured by smashed windows or collapsed ceilings as a result of the suicide bombing , said Dr. Najibullah Kamawal , the province 's top health official . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul , and CNN 's Faith Karimi wrote and reported from Atlanta	The Taliban claim responsibility for the attack Most of the 45 people wounded were injured by suicide bombing that preceded attack
Washington  CNN  -- Military officials from NATO and its 28 member states descended on Washington last week for a series of discussions about rethinking how the alliance should transform itself in an era when its scope has expanded beyond traditional Cold War boundaries . The seminar was hosted by former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright , who is chairing a group of experts appointed by the NATO secretary-general to recommend a new "  Strategic Concept " for the alliance , governing how it perceives and responds to threats . The group heard from some pretty heavy hitters : U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , and NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen , all of whom aptly acknowledged the alliance is facing a new strategic landscape with new enemies , ideologies and battle tactics that threaten its collective security . Transnational terrorism . Proliferation . Cybersecurity . Climate change . None of these threats were on the table 61 years ago when the NATO Charter was founded . "  Security " no longer means merely fighting the enemy on a European battlefield . Today it also means fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan , battling pirates off the coast of Somalia , and combating cybersoldiers seeking to wreak havoc on world economies . Afghanistan is the largest example of NATO undertaking such an "  out of area " mission , an operation beyond the borders of its member states . Here the track record is mixed : Although NATO did assume control of the International Security Assistance Force in 2003 , the U.S. has continued to complain that some European members are not pulling their weight by providing enough military support for the mission . The recent fall of the Dutch government over its NATO troop commitments shows what a tough sell this is . Many Europeans are war-weary after suffering casualties and in some cases are more concerned about homegrown terrorism than about the war in Afghanistan . The U.S. has argued that a failure by NATO to provide enough troops for the mission in Afghanistan would call into question the alliance 's ability to tackle post-Cold War security challenges . Yet this soul-searching comes in a time of financial and budget constraints for all member countries . And the widening of NATO 's scope to respond to challenges like terrorism , nuclear proliferation , piracy and cyberwarfare requires new capabilities , which means even more resources . Since the end of the Cold War , NATO has forged new partnerships which can help it share this new burden . In addition to the 50-nation Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council and the Partnership for Peace , where the alliance cooperates with countries in its own neighborhood , NATO is developing relationships with countries in the Mediterranean and broader Middle East . And it is also strengthening ties with countries in Asia , like Japan and South Korea . The rise of India and China also has NATO thinking about partnerships with those countries . NATO 's growing , though often uneasy , relationship with Russia could benefit its widening worldview . Although the original tenets of NATO 's mission -- defending member nations , strengthening trans-Atlantic ties , and fostering European integration -- still apply , Clinton said , shared threats such as terrorism and proliferation could foster even greater cooperation with Russia . As NATO seeks to combat threats beyond its borders , the hope is that Russian concerns about a missile defense shield could be eased within this new framework of "  shared security " against countries like Iran and North Korea . This re-examination will call into question the invoking of Article 5 of the NATO Charter , which states that an attack on one member is an attack on all members . The alliance invoked it for the first and only time after 9/11 -- declaring the attacks on New York and Washington an attack against the entire alliance -- and all NATO countries contributed in some way to the initial U.S. invasion of Afghanistan . And as the alliance redefines the nature of security , it is also redefining the nature of an attack . A few years ago Estonia , a NATO ally , suffered a sustained cyberattack that shut down many of the country 's essential services . NATO was called upon to help , and now has a cyberteam that can deploy to support any NATO ally engaged in cyberwarfare . But despite the importance -- and even the necessity -- of NATO 's "  Strategic Concept , " its immediate future will be determined by the outcome of the war in Afghanistan . Failure could cause NATO members to be skittish about these new "  out-of-area " missions , which will more and more mean confronting the enemy on its own turf .	NATO officials rethink the alliance 's role in a world of terrorists and cyberwarfare Founded 61 years ago , NATO dealt with Cold War era threats for most of those years Afghanistan war is NATO 's largest "  out of area " mission to date NATO could benefit from its growing , but still uneasy , relationship with Russia
Washington  CNN  -- Federal authorities Wednesday announced an indictment charging three men in connection with a massive international cybercrime scheme that involved creating and distributing a virus that infected more than a million computers in the U.S. and Europe . Justice Department and FBI officials in New York announced the indictment against a Russian , a Latvian and a Romanian who officials say caused tens of millions of dollars in losses . Most of the losses , officials said , resulted from the theft of personal bank account information . The defendants allegedly created and distributed the "  Gozi " virus that had targeted the banking industry for several years beginning in 2005 . All three defendants are in custody . One of them , the alleged creator of the virus , Nikita Kuzmin , 25 , is from Moscow but was arrested in the United States in November 2010 . In November , Latvian Deniss Calovskis , 27 , who allegedly wrote the computer code , was arrested in his home country . In December , Mihai Paunescu , 28 , was arrested in his native Romania , accused of enabling cybercriminals to distribute the Gozi virus and other malware . U.S. authorities are seeking the extradition of both Calovskis and Paunescu . The indictment was unsealed and announced in the Southern District of New York by U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara , Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer and George Venizelos , Assistant FBI Director in New York . The officials said more than a million computers were infected across Great Britain , France , Germany , Italy , Poland , Finland and Turkey . In the United States , more than 40,000 computers were infected , including many at NASA . Prosecutors say Kuzmin pleaded guilty to other computer fraud charges in May 2011 . If convicted on the new charges , including bank fraud conspiracy , he could face up to 95 years in prison . Calovskis could receive up to 67 years in prison if convicted , and Paunescu could receive up to 60 years in prison if he is convicted in a U.S. court .	Three men are accused of creating , distributing "  Gozi " virus in 2005 Virus stole banking information , infected 1 million computers , including NASA 's Tens of millions of dollars were lost , indictment says
CNN  -- More countries pledged aid to Taiwan on Friday , days after Typhoon Morakot battered the island and left dozens of villages deluged with floodwaters , killing 116 people . This image from an ireporter emphasizes the damage inflicted by Typhoon Morakot . Officials from Hong Kong said they would recommend sending HK$ 50 million  US$ 6.45 million  in aid . The aid request needed to get final authorization . Once that happens Hong Kong will join a growing group of countries and territories that have rushed to help typhoon-battered Taiwan . More than 30 countries have offered money , helicopters , medication or other supplies . "  They have presented the goodwill to help , " said Benjamin Chi , a government spokesman . Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou toured the Jiadong and Linbian townships in Pingtung County Thursday , then visited Kaohsiung County , where a wall of mud had cut off the village of Shiaolin . Watch why public anger 's building " Meanwhile , nearly 1,700 people were rescued from areas devastated by the storm , and a government spokeswoman said she believed "  the situation is getting better . " Janet Chang said 1,692 people were rescued Thursday , mostly from the two mountainous counties that bore the brunt of the storm -- Kaohsiung and Pingtung . However , a funeral director in coastal Kaohsiung County , where a makeshift morgue was set up , told CNN that about 200 bodies had arrived there -- many from neighboring villages . Relief workers cleaned and photographed the bodies , preparing them for identification by loved ones . Chang said that based on official figures , 45 people were injured in the storm and 59 remain missing . She could not say how many more people needed to be rescued . Watch a grandmother describe her escape " Since the typhoon made landfall over the weekend , nearly 15,700 people have been rescued from villages hit by mudslides and floodwaters , according to official government figures . Most of the missing were in Kaohsiung County , the National Disaster Prevention and Protection Commission reported . Watch a makeshift morgue and funeral " Torrential downpours , dense fog , rugged terrain and raging rivers have made rescues difficult . Washed out roads and bridges rendered ground rescue operations virtually impossible in the central and southern regions of the island . Rescuers were forced to search by helicopter , inflatable boats and zip-line mechanisms that suspended them over the muddy waters raging below . In some cases food drops have been conducted over isolated villages tucked amid the rugged terrain , as villagers sought higher ground to stay dry . The Central Weather Bureau in Taiwan said that over a one-day period after the typhoon hit , Pingtung County received a record 55 inches of rain  1,403 mm  . Elsewhere on the island , rainfall amounts were as high as 83 inches  2,108 mm  . Seattle , Washington , one of the wettest U.S. cities , has an average annual rainfall of 37 inches per year  940 mm  . The storm primarily targeted southern Taiwan . Isolated scattered showers and thunderstorms were forecast for Taiwan overnight Thursday into Friday , mostly in the north , where the capital is located , said CNN International meteorologist Brandon Miller . "  As a whole , the weather actually is pretty good , " he said . It was 90 degrees  31C  late Thursday . Miller said Taipei had had "  significant rainfall " of 5 or 6 inches  150 mm  over the past two days . The Red Cross is helping the government dispense food , water and other necessities from a central command center , where helicopters pick up the supplies for their humanitarian missions , said organization spokesman Christian Li on Wednesday . Economic losses due to Morakot have been estimated at U.S. $ 274 million . After hitting Taiwan , Morakot roared on to mainland China on Sunday , killing at least six people and displacing 1.4 million , authorities said . CNN 's Pauline Chiou contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll rises NEW : Hong Kong officials say they will recommending sending US$ 6.45 M  HK$ 50M More than 30 countries offer money , helicopters , medication , other supplies Official : Nearly 15,700 people pulled from flooded villages
Park City , Utah  CNN  -- At its best , driving in Los Angeles is like driving backward into a parade . So , when my lady and I set out for the airport during rush hour , getting choked in traffic was inevitable . Yet , a quarter-mile later , we were still moving at a brisk clip . Which brings me to one of my cardinal rules of travel : Think inside the box . Here 's how it works : When traveling during peak travel times -- Thanksgiving , spring break , even for the weekend -- schedule your journey at the most "  inconvenient " time . This is because despite what we 've learned from reality television , Americans are n't nutjobs . They 're smart . They think outside the box . They tweak their schedules to avoid the big rush . They leave a day early or catch the red-eye . Which means peak times can be easy sailing . "  So this ` think inside the box ' philosophy has nothing to do with the fact that you waited to the last minute to buy tickets ? " my girlfriend said , peering over a limp piece of airport pizza . "  Nope . It was part of my plan all along . " "  Kinda like your ` famous ' burnt broccoli recipe . " "  Exactly . " And away we went to Park City , Utah , the former mining town , the schmancy ski resort , the home of the Sundance Film Festival . Like many Rocky Mountain ski towns , Park City 's vibe is part snowhemian , part Patagucci . You can window shop for things you ca n't afford and then crack wise about it at the local independent coffee shop . Over-the-counter culture in Austin Oh , and there 's skiing . Three amazing resorts full . My girlfriend 's family , who was hosting us , hails from California , so they 're as comfortable with powder under their skis as they are with sand between their toes . Me ? I grew up outside Philadelphia . So when I think "  downhill , " I think school systems . Accordingly , instead of skis , I brought three books and "  National Lampoon 's Vacation/European Vacation " double-feature DVD . As it turns out , I used these things exactly never . Is skiing something one should start doing in one 's 30s ? Does it make sense to start testing my body now , after decades in which playing cards was the height of my athletic activity ? These questions ran through my mind , as well as this great American paradox : Now that I 'm old enough to afford health insurance , I 'm old enough to know that hurdling down a mountain on two slick sticks makes as much sense as strapping acoustic guitars to my feet and jumping off a roof . NYC : Cheap thrills with an old flame "  You skiing ? " my girlfriend asked . "  I think I 'll hang here and practice sleeping , " I said . "  If you do n't come skiing , you 'll miss ` après-ski . ' " "  What 's that ? " "  It 's like a post-ski happy hour where you sit in front of a fire and drink cocktails and relax . " "  Well , I 've always thought mountains looked cool in pictures , " I said , grabbing my parka and heading to the door . So convinced of skiing 's addictive power , the resorts in Park City offer a special lesson/ski lift package for first-time skiers . Thus , before I knew it , I was on top of a frozen mountain , feet in boots the size of Honda Fits , trying to decipher my instructor 's Romanian accent through multiple layers of polar fleece . "  Does ` après-ski ' really require this much ` ski ' ? " I wondered But soon , I was zigzagging around the slopes like an old pro . And when I say "  old , " I mean nonagenarian . I went very , very slowly , and despite the occasional 10-year-old using my crumpled body as a mogul , I made it through the day with little more than a bruised ego . But , man , did I excel at après-ski . We parked ourselves at High West , a handsome whiskey distillery , restaurant and saloon built in a turn-of-the-century house and livery stable on the edge of town . Within minutes , we were slaloming between gooey fondue bites and sips of house whiskey . We then moved up the street to Butcher 's Chop House , where we ate prime rib the size of trash can lids . That night , my legs throbbed like two lighthouse lights , and I dreamed that I was on a ski lift traversing a giant lake of molten cheese . For our last day , we decided to give our knees and wallets a rest . We packed a picnic and went for a drive . While surveying the tony Deer Valley Resort , we glimpsed the new St. Regis hotel and decided to investigate . Is it OK to have a crush on a funicular ? Because I do . Picture a roomy elevator with leather banquettes and windows that frame a panoramic view of the breathtaking Wasatch Mountains . It 's the only way the public can visit the St. Regis resort , and that 's fine by me . The funicular opens up onto the lobby of a posh grill owned and operated by famed chef Jean-Georges Vongerichten . Once at the top , my girlfriend and I were eager to hike . She along a snowy elk trail that necklaced the valley . Me from the funicular to the bar . The bloody mary as we know it was invented at the original St. Regis hotel in New York in 1934 , the hotel claims . In honor of that brunch-changing event , every St. Regis hotel has its own signature version of the drink . The Park City version uses local vodka and wears a green cap of wasabi and celery mousse . But the coup de grace is a squeeze-bulb stir-stick filled with a Worcestershire/Tabasco sauce blend that lets you regulate the spiciness of your drink . It looks kind of like an IV , which is appropriate for a cocktail that people normally start consuming first thing in the morning . I was content in my après-après-ski state . "  You know , instead of covertly eating our picnic , it would be easier if we just ordered lunch here , " I said , eyeing a hanger steak being delivered to a nearby table . "  Yeah , but we already have the leftovers , " my girlfriend said , patting the Tupperware boxes carrying our premade lunch . "  You said yourself that you did n't want to get suckered into paying for another overpriced meal in a tourist town . This way , we can admire the view and save money . " "  I know , I know . But maybe we should think outside the box on this one , " I said , licking my wasabi and celery foam mustache .	The after-ski social hour is a true reward for the half-hearted skier Park City , Utah , is a picturesque base of après-ski operations Prime rib and locally distilled whiskey hit the spot after a day on the slopes
LANSING , Michigan  CNN  -- Sherrill Freeborough has a disarming smile , an optimistic spirit and an uncertain future . GM 's Grand River plant has gone from two shifts to one and the Delta Township plant has gone from three to one . She owns two Saturn dealerships in the Lansing area , but will lose her partnership with General Motors in three years because the automaker is discontinuing the Saturn and Pontiac brands as part of its restructuring plan . "  I am a small business owner , " Freeborough told us during a visit to one of her showrooms . "  Everything I have I have put into the dealerships , my home -- everything is in the company . ... My husband still ca n't breathe . He still asks ` what are we doing ? I thought you were just going to sell cars . ' "  So , yeah , everything in my life , " Freeborough said . "  I ca n't have a bad day and go home and tell him . I have to be happy when I go home because everything we have is wrapped up in this company . " Across town , Mike Huerta is another stakeholder in the debate over General Motors ' future . The unionized autoworker will be out of a job in the next few weeks . The Delta Township assembly plant where Huerta works once had three shifts ; it is now down to one . Across town at the Lansing Grand River assembly line , work is down from two shifts to one . Plus , workers expect more layoffs to come as GM promises to eliminate 47,000 jobs worldwide in 2009 as part of the restructuring plan it submitted to Congress in hopes of getting another $ 16 billion in federal bailout loans . Watch what the automakers are asking for " Huerta says that bailout is his best hope of someday getting called back to work at GM , and he bristles when asked about those in Congress who question whether GM management deserves the money , or whether it is the appropriate role of the federal government to step in to rescue a private company . Watch GM 's president explain the restructuring " "  It 's scary to see United States senators beholden to foreign interests , " Huerta said . "  We had some senators from down South in particular with a lot of Nissan and Honda and Toyota plants basically come up and say that we should go bankrupt . They are not talking about somebody that you ca n't see . That means me . That takes away my family 's livelihood . " Huerta , who has a two-year-old , said he has sharply cut back expenses since receiving his layoff notice . He said he 's not eating out or going to the movie theater . He 's also packing lunches for work . He even decided not to exchange Christmas gifts with his wife this past year . Huerta is attending Lansing Community College in case GM does n't call him back , "  to get a little leg up " if he is forced into a horrible local job market . Freeborough said she is waiting for critical answers from GM and fellow Saturn dealers who are determined to find a new product line to sell once GM ends their relationship . Those cars could be from India or China , and Freeborough concedes that could pose a sales challenge in a town defined by its long American auto industry heritage . Interactive : See Michigan 's and Lansing 's jobless rates " Freeborough said her customer base now remains loyal because of superior service . "  A car is a car , " she said . "  As a small business owner , I feel really strongly about doing business . " Freeborough 's service , along with her clients and used car sales , are keeping the business afloat this year as the punishing recession makes families unable or unwilling to make a major investment in a new car . "  I do n't think anyone knows , " Freeborough answers when asked when she believes the economy will take a turn for the better . But she vows her businesses will not collapse after the relationship with GM ends . "  People who do n't succeed are the ones who give up , " she said . "  I am not giving up . "	General Motors restructuring will eliminate jobs , two of its brands Autoworker bristles at senators saying automakers should be allowed to go broke GM says it will eliminate 47,000 jobs worldwide in 2009 in restructuring Saturn dealer says she 'll look for another brand of car to sell to stay in business
CNN  -- It has been a project of celestial proportions , but it 's finally ready . Construction workers have labored nonstop for months . Their mission ? To build an altar worthy of a pope and an outdoor venue that can accommodate as many as 700,000 people . The altar where Pope Benedict XVI will celebrate Mass on Sunday is located at Bicentennial Park in Mexico 's Guanajuato state , the heartland of Mexican Catholicism . Guanajuato has the highest percentage of Catholics in Mexico at well over 90 percent . Benedict is expected to arrive at 4:30 p.m.  6:30 p.m. ET  Friday at Guanajuato 's International Airport . The nation 's Catholics have been waiting for a papal visit since Joseph Ratzinger was elevated to the papacy in 2005 . President Felipe Calderon invited the pontiff to Mexico when they met in Vatican City in 2007 and then again in May of last year when Juan Diego , a Mexican Indian , was canonized . Juan Diego is said to have witnessed the apparition of the Virgin of Guadalupe in 1531 in what is now Mexico City . Jorge Raul Villegas , spokesman at the Leon Archdiocese , which is hosting the papal visit , said church officials are expecting hundreds of thousands of parishioners . "  We have already received people from states throughout Mexico and also from other countries , North and South America . We 've had requests from people with an open spirit and anxious to meet Pope Benedict , " Villegas said . Guanajuato state officials said the government has spent nearly $ 11 million preparing for the visit . The Mexican Catholic Church hired Jesus Guerrero Santos , a renowned Mexican artist from the state of Jalisco , to design the altar to be used at the Mass. . Guerrero Santos has been working for months to create the symbolic artwork to celebrate the occasion . In his workshop he said he 's using nickel silver and ceramics as raw materials for the altar . The money also has been used on beautification projects , multiple billboards that herald the special celebration and infrastructure improvements . Mariachi bands have also been hired to serenade the pontiff at his arrival . Rogelio Martinez Caballero , a director at Bicentennial Park , says much planning has gone into preparing for the arrival of the pope . "  We are coordinating at the three levels of governments and security with the presidential guard , " Martinez said . "  We 're also coordinating with the surrounding municipalities to have strategic points under control with the help of civil protection authorities and the Red Cross as well . " Even the drug cartels have promised to cooperate , officials say , hanging banners pledging to "  keep the peace " for the pontiff 's stay . The pope 's visit will be a blessing for Mexico in more ways than one . The Mexican National Confederation of Tourism estimates that 540,000 people -- in addition to the locals who will attend the Mass -- will travel to Guanajuato . Visitors will spend roughly $ 80 million in meals , transportation , shopping and lodging , according to the confederation . Tourism officials hope the papal visit will put Guanajuato state on the map . The capital of the state , also called Guanajuato , has long been admired for its rich history and colonial architecture . The pope will leave Mexico Monday for Cuba , where his three-day trip will include two large public Masses . A spokesman for the White House National Security Council accused Cuban authorities Monday of using "  tactics of intimidation and harassment to stifle peaceful dissent " as the pope 's visit nears , following arrests of dissidents and demonstrators . CNN en espanolÂ ¹ s Krupskaia Alis in Guanajuato contributed to this report	NEW : Pope Benedict XVI is due to arrive in Mexico 's Guanajuato state Friday afternoon The local government has spent nearly $ 11 million preparing for the visit Hundreds of thousands of parishioners are expected for Sunday 's mass Visitors will spend roughly $ 80 million in meals , transportation , shopping and lodging
Washington  CNN  -- The tight Senate race in Iowa just wo n't budge . The race opposing Republican Joni Ernst and Democrat Bruce Braley is still locked in a dead heat according to a Quinnipiac University poll released Wednesday . Ernst just barely edges out her Democratic rival by two points 45-43 , a lead that keeps her within the poll 's margin of error . The contest could tilt the balance of power in Washington in a year when Republicans are favored to take back the Senate . The results from the survey of 967 likely voters in Iowa echoes the two other nonpartisan polls in this month which also showed Ernst with a razor-thin one - to two-point edge . In Iowa , a fight for 2014 's early voters Now , the two candidates will fight for undecided voters and the 10 percent of likely voters who said they could still change their mind before Nov. 4 . And while the overall numbers do n't appear to be shifting , Braley 's camp can look to the pulse of Independents for a campaign pick-me-up less than three weeks away from Election Day . The poll revealed a big swing in independent support , with Braley converting a seven-point deficit in Quinnipiac 's September poll into a five-point lead among the key voter bloc . Braley now leads with independents 48 % to Ernst 's 43 % . Green issues at the center of closely watched debate in Iowa Senate race Braley also continued to pick up support among women , who favor him over his female GOP foe by a 13-point margin . Ernst , meanwhile , kept her lead among men at a 56 % to Braley 's 39 % . "  Voters are choosing partisanship over gender when it comes to making their ballot choice , " Quinnipiac University Polling Director Peter Brown said in a release . Ernst will look to pick up on the benefits of votes voting for the same party down the ballot as Republican Gov. Terry Branstad is expected to slide cleanly through the polls . Branstad has a 15-point lead according to the Quinnipiac poll . Hambycast : Branstad 's mustachioed superstition exposed	The latest poll in the Iowa Senate race shows the contest is still a dead heat . Braley is gaining with independents and women , while Ernst leads with men . About 10 percent of likely voters said they could still change their mind . Ernst could benefits from Republican Governor Terry Branstad 's 15-point lead .
CNN  -- Tom Watson will become the oldest Ryder Cup captain in golf history when he takes charge of the United States team for the 2014 contest in Scotland -- a country that has played host to some of his greatest successes . The eight-time major winner will be 65 when the event gets underway at Gleneagles . He is the last U.S. captain to have won on European soil , triumphing at The Belfry course in England in 1993 . "  I was waiting for about 20 years to get the call , " the 63-year-old said at his unveiling on Thursday . "  I loved it the first time . It 's just a great honor to be able to do it again . " The United States Professional Golf Association  USPGA  turned to the five-time British Open champion in a bid to overturn recent poor form in the Ryder Cup , with Team Europe having won five of the last six matches -- including at Medinah last September . Having turned professional in 1971 , Watson is a seasoned veteran of the golfing world whose experience and respect are expected to aid the struggling U.S. team in two years ' time . The U.S. has picked a new captain for recent Ryder Cups , which are held every two years , but the USPGA said it wanted to try something different after losing seven of the last nine tournaments . "  The pressure of playing in the Ryder Cup is greater or as great as in any event , " said Watson , who will replace Davis Love III . "  My job is to help them deal with that pressure . I 've lived for that pressure and lived underneath that pressure all my career . " One of the most popular figures on the golfing stage , the revered Watson tried to play down the gulf in age between his players and himself at the New York press conference . The previous oldest U.S. captain was the legendary Sam Snead , who was 57 when he oversaw his nation 's retention of the trophy in 1969 -- made famous by Jack Nicklaus ' concession of a match-equaling putt to Tony Jacklin . "  I deflect that very simply by saying , ` We play the same game , ' " Watson said . "  I hope I can set the table for these players . I 'm the stage manager . I set the stage for them to go out and do what they do . In two years , I hope they can get it done . " Watson 's relationship with Tiger Woods will come under intense scrutiny , having criticized the 14-time major winner 's behavior on and off the course following his fall from grace in 2009 . Nonetheless , Woods was one of the first to offer both his support for Watson and availability for the tournament . "  I would like to congratulate Tom Watson on his selection as Ryder Cup captain , " Woods said in a statement . "  I think he 's a really good choice . Tom knows what it takes to win and that 's our ultimate goal . I hope I have the privilege of joining him on the 2014 United States team . " Watson swiftly dampened the sparks of any potential controversy about Woods by stating that he would pick the former world number one in his squad whether or not he qualifies for one of the eight automatic places on offer . The captain also has four discretionary choices . "  I want him on my team , " Watson said . "  Tiger is maybe the best player in history . If he 's not on the team , he 's going to be number one in my picks . " Watson , the first U.S. captain to return to the helm since Jack Nicklaus lost on home soil in 1987 , also received the backing of Brandt Snedeker -- like Woods , a member of this year 's unsuccessful side in Illinois . "  Obviously they were looking outside the box , given our recent failures , " Snedeker told the PGA Tour website . "  They wanted to get a guy who has had success and commands respect . I think that 's why they went this way : to get the U.S. to rally around him as a way to rejuvenate the American side . "  Tom is one of the best competitors of all time . He 's going to bring that fire and unwillingness to lose and mental strength that has defined his career . " At the 2009 British Open , Watson missed a par putt on the 72nd hole at Turnberry that would have made him the oldest major champion in the history of the sport . The American has a warm relationship with Scotland , the country where he won his first major title at Carnoustie in 1975 and where he would eventually win half his major crowns . His appointment was announced by the USPGA on nationwide television , with predecessor Love having relinquished his post after what was dubbed the "  Meltdown in Medinah " in the U.S. but the "  Miracle of Medinah " in Europe . "  We 've got the right guy , " rallied USPGA president Ted Bishop .	Tom Watson named as United States ' Ryder Cup captain for 2014 event in Scotland 63-year-old is the oldest U.S. captain in Ryder Cup history Sam Snead held the previous record when captaining the U.S. at the age of 57 in 1969
CNN  -- An inmate serving time for assaulting a police officer escaped from an Oklahoma prison Monday , a corrections official said . Mark Dwayne Smith , 28 , was last seen at the Jackie Brannon Correction Center in McAlester at 5:30 a.m. Monday , but was discovered missing an hour later during a routine inmate count , state Department of Corrections spokesman Jerry Massie told CNN . Smith had been at the prison since April 2009 , serving sentences for assault and battery on a police officer and auto theft , according to Massie . CNN 's Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .	Mark Dwayne Smith , 28 , was last seen early Monday He was serving time for assaulting a police officer
Hollywood 's brightest stars converged at the Dolby Theatre on Sunday as the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced this year 's Oscars winners . Take a look at who walked away with the gold below : Best picture "  12 Years a Slave " -- WINNER "  American Hustle " "  Captain Phillips " "  Dallas Buyers Club " "  Gravity " "  Her " "  Nebraska " "  Philomena " "  The Wolf of Wall Street " Actor in a leading roleChristian Bale - "  American Hustle "  Bruce Dern - "  Nebraska "  Leonardo DiCaprio - "  The Wolf of Wall StreetChiwetel Ejiofor - "  12 Years a Slave "  Matthew McConaughey - "  Dallas Buyers Club " -- WINNER Actor in a supporting roleBarkhad Abdi - "  Captain Phillips "  Bradley Cooper - "  American Hustle "  Michael Fassbender - "  12 Years a Slave "  Jonah Hill - "  The Wolf of Wall Street "  Jared Leto - "  Dallas Buyers Club " -- WINNER Actress in a leading roleAmy Adams - "  American Hustle "  Cate Blanchett - "  Blue Jasmine " -- WINNERSandra Bullock - "  Gravity "  Judi Dench - "  Philomena "  Meryl Streep - "  August : Osage County " Actress in a supporting roleSally Hawkins - "  Blue Jasmine "  Jennifer Lawrence - "  American Hustle "  Lupita Nyong ' o - "  12 Years a Slave " -- WINNERJulia Roberts - "  August : Osage County "  June Squibb - "  Nebraska " DirectingAlfonso Cuaron - "  Gravity " -- WINNERSteve McQueen - "  12 Years a Slave "  Alexander Payne - "  Nebraska "  David O. Russell - "  American Hustle "  Martin Scorsese - "  The Wolf of Wall Street " Writing  adapted screenplay  " "  12 Years A Slave " - John Ridley -- WINNER "  Before Midnight " - Richard Linklater , Julie Delpy and Ethan Hawke "  Captain Phillips " - Billy Ray "  Philomena " - Steve Coogan and Jeff Pope "  The Wolf of Wall Street " - Terence Winter Writing  original screenplay  "  American Hustle " - Eric Warren Singer and David O. Russell "  Blue Jasmine " - Woody Allen "  Dallas Buyers Club " - Craig Borten and Melisa Wallack "  Her " - Spike Jonze -- WINNER "  Nebraska " - Bob Nelson Animated feature film "  The Croods " "  Despicable Me 2 " "  Ernest & Celestine " "  Frozen " -- WINNER "  The Wind Rises " Documentary  feature  "  The Act of Killing " "  Cutie and the Boxer " "  Dirty Wars " "  The Square " "  20 Feet From Stardom " -- WINNER Music  original song  "  Happy " - "  Despicable Me 2 " - Pharrell Williams "  Let it Go " - "  Frozen " - Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez -- WINNER "  Ordinary Love " - "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom " - U2 , lyrics by Paul Hewson , aka Bono "  The Moon Song " - "  Her " - music by Karen O , lyrics by Karen O and Spike Jonze Music  original score  "  The Book Thief " - John Williams "  Gravity " Steven Price -- WINNER "  Her " - William Butler and Owen Pallett "  Philomena " - Alexandre Desplat "  Saving Mr. Banks " - Thomas Newman Visual effects "  Gravity " -- WINNER "  The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug " "  Iron Man 3 " "  The Lone Ranger " "  Star Trek Into Darkness " Cinematography "  The Grandmaster " "  Gravity " -- WINNER "  Inside Llewyn Davis " "  Nebraska " "  Prisoners " Costume design "  12 Years a Slave " "  American Hustle " "  The Grandmaster " "  The Great Gatsby " -- WINNER "  The Invisible Woman " Makeup and hairstyling "  Dallas Buyers Club " -- WINNER "  Jackass Presents : Bad Grandpa " "  The Lone Ranger " Film editing "  12 Years a Slave " "  American Hustle " "  Captain Phillips " "  Dallas Buyers Club " "  Gravity " -- WINNER Documentary  short subject  "  CaveDigger " "  Facing Fear " "  Karama Has No Walls " "  The Lady in Number 6 : Music Saved My Life " -- WINNER "  Prison Terminal : The Last Days of Private Jack Hall " Foreign language film "  The Broken Circle Breakdown " - Belgium "  The Great Beauty " - Italy -- WINNER "  The Hunt " - Denmark "  The Missing Picture " - Cambodia "  Omar " - Palestine Short film  live action  "  Aquel No Era Yo  That Was n't Me  " "  Avant Que De Tout Perdre  Just before Losing Everything  " "  Helium " -- WINNER "  Pitaako Mun Kaikki Hoitaa ?  Do I Have to Take Care of Everything ?  " "  The Voorman Problem " Short film  animated  "  Feral " "  Get a Horse ! " "  Mr. Hublot " -- WINNER "  Possessions " "  Room on the Broom " Production design "  12 Years a Slave " "  American Hustle " "  Gravity " "  The Great Gatsby " -- WINNER "  Her " Sound editing "  All Is Lost " "  Captain Phillips " "  Gravity " -- WINNER "  The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug " "  Lone Survivor " Sound mixing "  Captain Phillips " "  Gravity " -- WINNER "  The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug " "  Inside Llewyn Davis " "  Lone Survivor "	"  12 Years a Slave " won the best picture Oscar at the 2014 ceremony "  Gravity " cleaned up in the technical categories Both Jared Leto and Matthew McConaughey were recognized with "  Dallas Buyers Club "
Puerto Vallarta , Mexico  CNN  -- A lifelong nature lover , Oscar Aranda studied biology in college and knew he wanted to work somehow with animals at sea . But he did n't find his calling until years later , when he was summoned to a beach and saw a gruesome scene that would change his life . "  I found a turtle chopped in pieces in a bucket , and its heart was still pounding , " Aranda said . " -LSB- The police -RSB- needed my help to decide what to do . "  When you see how the people kill -LSB- sea turtles -RSB- and how they are just using them for their meat and eggs -- it 's sad . " There was nothing Aranda could do to save the turtle that summer night 10 years ago . But ever since then , he has patrolled Puerto Vallarta 's beaches as an unofficial keeper of the sea turtle maternity ward . Aranda 's conservation group , La Sociedad Ecológica del Occidente , is dedicated to protecting turtles that nest along Mexico 's northwest Pacific beaches . From June through December -- prime nesting season -- Aranda and his unpaid volunteers watch over the shorelines where the turtles lay their eggs . "  The turtles are not safe , " Aranda said . " -LSB- A pregnant turtle -RSB- comes out in the dark , and a poacher can be hiding . "  We are not the police , but we just want to take care of -LSB- the turtle -RSB- and be there when she comes out to lay eggs . " There are seven sea turtle species worldwide , and six of them return to Mexico 's shores each year to lay eggs . According to the World Wildlife Fund , all six species are "  currently in danger of extinction . " For Aranda , this reality is daunting . "  The sea turtles have been here since the dinosaurs , " he said . "  Turtles are basically the link between the land and the ocean , and that movement is very important for many animals . Some species keep the reefs healthy , and there are many animals that depend on -LSB- sea -RSB- turtles to survive . They continue the life cycle . " iReport : Sea turtles struggle for comeback Aranda 's group , which is also known as Vallarta Rescue , is nonprofit and relies entirely on private donations . To earn a living , Aranda works during the day as an ecotourism boat driver . At sunset , he heads out to what he calls the perfect job in the perfect place . "  We go out to the beach and we wait for the turtles to come , " he said . "  Sometimes we may see one , sometimes there are 13 . It all depends . We might miss a turtle , and then we dig for the nest she left behind . We have to be there all night . " Twenty years ago , the Mexican government outlawed commercial fishing of sea turtles . It started fining people up to $ 16,000 for killing turtles or trafficking turtle eggs , turtle meat or products manufactured with turtle hides . But Mexico still has one of the highest rates of turtle poaching in the world . "  Very few poachers are caught or arrested each year , " says marine biologist Wallace J. Nichols , who has been tracking sea turtles ' behavioral patterns throughout Latin America , Asia and the United States . "  Poaching remains a big problem in Mexico partly because the people who buy sea turtles are often powerful , and partly because it 's not a high priority " for law enforcement . Aranda believes the poaching business is sustained by cultural curiosity and tradition , not financial profit . A single turtle egg sells for about 50 cents . "  I think it 's how the people feel eating something forbidden , " he said . "  They want to try what is illegal , but -LSB- they also -RSB- believe the eggs are aphrodisiacs and they want to feel more strong . They have seen their parents and their grandparents eating them , and it 's a way of thinking that is very hard to change . " Changing the locals ' perspective is part of what drives Aranda to stay awake during his night patrols in Puerto Vallarta . A good night , he says , is any night when a single turtle is spotted and protected from poachers . "  We clear the path for her to dig the hole , -LSB- we -RSB- wipe her clean of dirt and sand , and after that the babies are left alone and she returns to the ocean . " The team digs for the eggs , collects them and re-plants them in a protected hatchery on the CasaMagna Marriott Resort . The hotel has donated Aranda hatchery space in exchange for offering their guests turtle conservation lessons and participation in a sunset turtle release ceremony . "  As soon as the eggs hatch , we want the people to see them and learn , " Aranda said . "  To give them an opportunity to be part of releasing a baby turtle -LSB- is -RSB- something that they will never forget . " Since 2004 , when he started his conservation group , Aranda has facilitated the rescue and release of more than half a million baby turtles . The turtles ' determination to keep nesting despite natural and manmade threats inspires him to continue -- all night , every night . "  They are endangered because of us , " Aranda said . "  Against all odds , they continue coming . If I 'm healthy , I 'll be here . I ca n't see myself doing anything else . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Vallarta Rescue website at www.vallartanature.org and see how to help .	Oscar Aranda has been patrolling Puerto Vallarta 's beaches for the past 10 years He 's determined to save sea turtles from poachers , who are after the turtles ' eggs and meat In 2004 , Aranda started the nonprofit group Vallarta Rescue to help his cause The sea turtles that nest on Mexican beaches are in danger of extinction
CNN  -- Afghan schoolgirls sit in the spotlight as their classrooms face alleged poison attacks in the north and threats from insurgents in the south . Questions surround the shadowy incidents , which come at a fragile time in the country 's transition . And in many ways , as goes girls ' education , so goes the country 's procession toward progress . "  Instead of increasing the enrollment of girls in school and establishing more schools , gradually girls ' schools are being closed and shut down , " said Selay Ghaffar , executive director of the Humanitarian Assistance for the Women and Children of Afghanistan . "  Some schools have been put on fire , and we are repeatedly witnessing that girls ' schools have been poisoned . Acid has been thrown on the faces of girls in Kandahar . " For several weeks , alleged poisonings have been reported in northern Afghan provinces of Balkh and Takhar . The latest came Tuesday , when 160 girls from a school in Takhar province were admitted to a hospital after complaining of headaches and vomiting . On Sunday , according to Afghanistan 's TOLO News , illness sent 40 female students to seek medical care . So far , investigators have found no traces of poison , but evidence is still being examined . The country 's deputy education minister told TOLO that "  the enemies of Afghanistan and education are behind such incidents . " Regardless of what is found , what is certain is that threats confront a slew of classrooms across the country . Although some schools have reopened since 2009 after the Taliban 's revision of its code of conduct and the reopening of government talks with the Taliban , girls ' schools remain in the crosshairs . The Ministry of Education has said that as many as 500 schools have been shuttered out of fear of attack from Taliban or other anti-government forces . But the issue seems to be as much about political power as ideology and security . And Afghan girls are not the only ones to pay the price while their education becomes a political football . "  Education is the backbone of a country , " Ghaffar said . "  If half of the population are not educated and are not part of the economic sector , the education sector , then how can we manage to have a peaceful , democratic society ? " Taliban leaders have denied responsibility for sickening the schoolgirls in the north , maintaining that accusations they are behind the alleged attacks are "  baseless and not true . " But local Taliban told The Wall Street Journal that they stood behind a recent spate of warnings to parents and teachers in southern Ghazni province to stay away from school . Taliban tightens grip on Afghan schools Said one local Talib to the Journal : "  We are n't against education ... the reason is that schools , especially girls ' schools , are the only tool that attracts swift government attention . " Certainly one of the most frequent signs of progress policymakers have pointed to in recent years is the return of girls to school . From fewer than 5,000 girls who managed to get educated despite being banned from schools by the Taliban , an estimated 3 million-plus girls are said to be studying today . Women now make up a quarter of the Afghan parliament and more than 3,000 midwives fan out over the country each day to save women 's lives -- in a nation that studies find the world 's deadliest for expectant mothers . And yet when it comes to Afghanistan 's future , women 's rights to work and education loom as the boldest question marks . The Strategic Partnership Agreement signed by the U.S. and Afghanistan earlier this month emphasized a "  shared determination " to an Afghanistan governed on values including the "  fundamental rights and freedoms of all men and women . " Yet the agreement goes into no specifics about what would happen if a new Afghan government revoked those same rights and freedoms . And when this month 's NATO summit in Chicago focused on the transition from international to Afghan responsibility for the country 's security forces , women 's rights had no place on the agenda . "  Still the discussion of women 's issues and women 's protection within the international system somehow always seems to be an afterthought , when the bottom line is that the way women are treated is central to American foreign policy , " said former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright at a "  shadow summit " panel on women 's rights hosted by Amnesty International , which I moderated in Chicago . "  The difficulty is men -- and the bottom line is that in fact we have to figure out why and to persuade everybody that having women 's rights and women being on various groups is the best way to ensure a better life for everybody , not just for women , but for everybody , " Albright said . Afghan women leaders say they are not seeking the world 's pity , but its attention . "  I have one message from Afghan women . ` Do n't look at us as victims , we are very active , ' " said Afifa Azim , executive director of the Afghan Women 's Network . "  We need all of you to support us by supporting women and human rights organizations and to put pressure on your policymakers to support the rights of Afghan women . " Chief among those is the right to attend school in safety . And only the coming months will tell whether threats and attacks will keep girls away from classrooms or whether girls will indeed get the opportunity they seek to contribute to their own societies . "  Women are the canary in the coal mine , " Albright said . "  It is just a fact that when women are treated badly in a society , it is a sign of what goes on in the society . " The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Gayle Lemmon .	Gayle Lemmon : Afghan schoolgirls face alleged poison attacks and other threats Lemmon : Reports of poisonings vary , but it 's certain classrooms across the nation are at risk Negotiators must make the safe education of girls a priority for Afghanistan 's future , she says Lemmon says that Afghan women leaders do n't want the world 's pity , just its attention
CNN  -- New England Patriots players sang "  Happy Birthday " to a 6-year-old boy with an inoperable brain tumor Saturday . Daniel Nickerson 's visit on the field of Gillette Stadium , where the NFL team was practicing , would be a dream come true for many.Â However , Daniel 's biggest birthday wish was much simpler : mail.Â "  He just loves getting mail , he 's always running to the mailbox , " his aunt , Gail Chamberlin , told CNN . A social media campaign by family and friends brought lots of birthday cards addressed to Daniel to the Foxborough , Massachusetts , post office this past week . It also resulted in the Patriots ' invitation to their training camp . Team owner Robert Kraft presented a jersey to Daniel on Friday , his actual birthday . "  Danny " and the number 6 are on the back of the jersey . Kraft invited the boy back on Saturday to a practice , where he huddled alongside Tom Brady and the rest of the team . The birthday song was "  the highlight of the day , " his aunt said . Daniel , who was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma eight months ago , has a tumor that is inoperable because it "  grows like fingers into the brain , " Chamberlin said.Â "  It was very devastating to the family to find out there really were n't any options . " His latest exam showed that the chemotherapy , which the boy will have every two weeks for the rest of his life , has stabilized the tumor 's growth , she said . "  It did n't grow and it did n't shrink , so we were happy about that , " Chamberlin said . When his family asked Daniel what he wanted for his sixth birthday , he told them he just wanted mail . "  He just wanted news , he loves , loves getting mail , seeing things with his name on it , " Chamberlin said . The large amount of mail -- which his aunt said was at least 100,000 letters and 8,000 boxes from all over the world -- has "  been a blessing " and gives Daniel something to look forward to each day , she said . While the family is anxious about what they 'll learn about the tumor at Daniel 's next doctor 's visit Wednesday , Chamberlin said , "  He 's running around like an average 6-year-old would do , playing . " "  We are all praying it 's stable still , " she said . "  No one really has lived past a year , we know we are on month eight . But we do n't really talk about it and we hope there is going to be a cure . " As for Daniel , "  He knows he has a ` boo boo ' and that 's really it , " she said . Strangers help with photo in midst of tragedy An adult in the pediatric ward : What the littlest Cancer Avengers taught me Child goes on ` bucket list ' trip before he goes blind	Daniel Nickerson was diagnosed eight months ago with an inoperable brain tumor A social media push brought 100,000 letters to Daniel 's mailbox "  He just loves getting mail , he 's always running to the mailbox , " Daniel 's aunt says The New England Patriots give Daniel a special sixth birthday honor
CNN  -- Jim Shepperd was just crossing the Howard Frankland Bridge from Tampa to St. Petersburg when the winds whipped furiously and the first named storm of the hurricane season began its one-two punch on the Tampa Bay area . By the time he and his chow-shepherd mix , Aussie , made it home to Gulfport , Tropical Storm Andrea was thrashing his neighborhood . Just down the street , a tornado touched down , felling a massive 200-year-old cedar tree . "  There were a lot of trees down , " the hairstylist said Friday morning . "  We 're lucky . We 're OK . " By 5 p.m. ET , Andrea 's heavy rain had moved on , targeting a broad swath of the East Coast . The storm , categorized as a post-tropical cyclone with sustained winds of up to 45 mph , was about 55 miles northeast of Raleigh , North Carolina , and continuing on its predicted path up the Northeast Coast . Forecasters say it 's expected to drench 13 states from Georgia to Maine . Meteorologists want everyone in Andrea 's path to know this : The storm 's biggest danger will probably be flash floods . The National Weather Service offers tips on what to do in a flooding situation . In short , road beds may be washed out under flood waters , so never drive through flooded roadways . At 11 a.m. Friday , the National Hurricane Center said Andrea was packing 45-mph winds and was about 50 miles southwest of Fayetteville , North Carolina , and 90 miles west of Wilmington , North Carolina . Andrea is expected to produce 2 to 4 inches of rain in central and eastern North Carolina . Up to 2 inches are expected over portions of South Carolina . Farther north on Friday , a flood watch area includes Washington , which the National Weather Service predicts could get 6 inches of rain Friday , and New York , where forecasters say 1 to 2 inches of rain an hour could fall at times into Saturday . Even Maine 's coast , including Portland , could see as much as 3 inches of rain by the time the weekend is done . Follow the storm on CNN.com 's hurricane tracker As of 8 a.m. , Andrea 's projected path is similar to that of Tropical Storm Debby nearly a year ago . Debby dumped up to 2 feet of rain onto the low-lying areas , causing extensive flooding in some coastal towns . CNN meteorologists Sean Morris and Ivan Cabrera contributed to this report .	NEW : Now a post-tropical cyclone , Andrea was near Raleigh , North Carolina , at 5 p.m. Flash flood watches extend up the East Coast Washington and New York are among the cities that may see Andrea-related flooding Forecast warns that rains and storm surges could cause problems in coastal areas
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A court in Hong Kong has ruled that a British banker charged with the grisly murder of two Indonesian women is psychologically fit to enter a plea on both counts . However , the case has been adjourned until July next year to allow for more than 200 pieces of forensic and DNA evidence to be analyzed . Rurik Jutting has been in custody since November 1 following the discovery of the bodies of the two women at his home in an upscale residential complex in the city 's Wan Chai district . His last court appearance on November 10 was adjourned after prosecutors requested psychological assessments of the former employee of Bank of America Merrill Lynch . Jutting , who has yet to enter a plea , appeared in court Monday unshaven and wearing the same dark sunglasses . He spoke only once to confirm that he understood what was happening . Body in suitcase The 29 year old is accused of killing Sumarti Ningsih , 25 , whose decomposing body was discovered inside a suitcase on the balcony of his high-rise apartment . The other woman , Seneng Mujiasih , 29 , was found on the floor of the one-bedroom apartment with her throat slashed . Police say Jutting called them to the apartment early on November 1 . They say Mujiasih had been killed that day , and Ningsih five days earlier . The principal magistrate , Ms Bina Chainrai , ruled that Jutting would remain in custody until the hearings resume on July 6 . The defense had questioned the length of the latest adjournment , but prosecutors pointed out that the government 's forensics department estimated a 28-week period for sifting through the body of evidence . The bodies of the two victims have since been flown back to Indonesia for burial . Sumarti 's father has called for his daughter 's killer to be executed , but Hong Kong does n't impose the death penalty . CNN 's Vivian Kam , Jonathan Stayton and Andrew Stevens in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	Case adjourned until July to allow analysis of more than 200 pieces of forensic evidence Court ruled Rurik Jutting is fit to enter a plea after psychological assessments 29-year-old banker accused of killing Sumarti Ningsih , 25 , and Seneng Mujiasih , 29 Police say Jutting called them to the apartment early on November 1
CNN  -- Hours after getting laid off , a 36-year-old Minneapolis man returned to his former workplace and opened fire , killing five , including a business owner recently honored at the White House , before turning his gun on himself . Minneapolis police and city officials described Friday what happened over the span of 10 or 15 minutes the previous afternoon , when the man walked through the loading dock of Accent Signage Systems and started shooting . "  It was a hellish time , " police Chief Timothy Dolan said . The dead include Reuven Rahamim , the company 's founder and president of a fast-growing company that specializes in interior signs that help the visually impaired . The Israeli-born Rahamim "  came to this country to live the American dream , and he did , " said Mayor R.T. Rybak . But beyond growing his business , the 61-year-old also had "  an enormously important part of this community , " active on several task forces and groups . "  He 's an example of somebody who climbed the ladder of success and did n't pull  the ladder  up but tried every way possible to get other people up on that rung , too , " Rybak said . "  We owe a tremendous debt to Reuven . " According to the mayor , civic leaders volunteered Rahamim 's name when the White House asked for examples of "  good , small , local businesses doing exporting . " The Minnesota resident went to the White House in March , and the White House called Friday to offer its condolences over Rahamim 's death , Rybak said . A 29-year UPS employee , Keith Basinski , was shot dead on the loading dock , according to Jill Schubert , the president of the delivery company 's Northern Plains district . Dolan said Basinski , 50 , was simply in the "  wrong place , wrong time . " The Hennepin County Medical Examiner identified all of the victims , including Rahamim and Basinski , on Friday night . They include Jacob Beneke , 34 ; Ronald Edberg , 58 ; and Rami Cooks , 62 . Cooks is the only one of the victims who succumbed to his injuries at a local hospital -- the others died at the scene -- according to the medical examiner . The police chief said the shooter is believed to be Andrew Engeldinger . Dolan said the 36-year-old was fired Thursday morning and then came to Accent in the city 's Bryn Mawr neighborhood about 4:25 p.m. and "  immediately started shooting " but spared some , especially as he moved through the office building . Officers arrived within minutes and went into the complex , quickly finding casualties , the police chief said . No more shots were fired after they arrived . They found Engeldinger in the basement , where he had committed suicide , according to the medical examiner . "  He was in a location where there was one casing on the floor , and he was dead , " Dolan said Friday afternoon . Engeldinger 's mother and father read a brief statement Friday outside their home in nearby Richfield . "  Our son struggled for years with mental illness , " the parents said after offering their condolences to the shooting victims . "  In the last few years , he no longer had contact with us . This is not an excuse for his actions but , sadly , may be a partial explanation . " A 9 mm semiautomatic Glock pistol was used in the shooting , according to Dolan . Police also searched Engeldinger 's Minneapolis apartment and found another handgun "  and packaging for 10,000 rounds of ammunition , " the chief added . Two men remained hospitalized Friday , one in critical condition and the other in serious condition , according Minneapolis police spokesman Sgt. Steven McCarty . The officers who responded have been put on leave , which the chief said can happen "  if they experience something traumatic . " Rybak said officials will work to make sure that Accent Signage Systems remains in business after its founder 's violent death . Since being founded in Rahamim 's basement in 1984 , Accent has steadily grown -- including developing a patent for technology that imprints Braille on things like hotel room numbers and restroom signs -- and now employs 30 people and earns $ 5 million to $ 10 million each year , CNN affiliate KARE reported . "  Accent employees  had a horrible day that is beyond what anybody should have to have , but we owe it to them to make sure that they have many more productive days at work , " Rybak said . "  And we will be focused on that as we move forward . "	Police say a 36-year-old man was laid off and returned to former workplace hours later He killed a UPS driver , the owner of Accent Signage Systems and three others , police say The small-business owner was honored in March at the White House , mayor says Police found the shooter , who his family says was mentally ill , dead of a self-inflicted wound
CNN  -- Austria has produced many of the world 's greatest skiers , and another made her mark on the history books in front of her home crowd on Sunday . Marlies Schild claimed the 35th World Cup slalom victory of her career in Lienz to take sole ownership of the record from Switzerland 's Vreni Schneider . It also put the 32-year-old behind only compatriot Annemarie Moser-Proll 's 36 downhill titles for the most in any World Cup discipline . "  It is just amazing . I did n't really expect it after my first run that was far from perfect , " said Schild , who was sixth after the opening leg . "  Even after crossing the finish line in the second run , my feeling was n't that good . I thought that was not going to be enough for the win . The upper part did n't work out the way I wanted but I pushed in the lower section and it paid off . " It was the 2011 world champion 's second successive slalom victory after topping the podium in the French Alps earlier this month . "  Tying the record in Courchevel took some pressure off , " she said . "  But I was still very nervous today . It is always special to race at home . I am extremely happy right now . " American teenager Mikaela Shiffrin , who won the world title in February , followed up her third place in Saturday 's giant slalom at the same venue by taking second ahead of Germany 's Maria Hofl-Riesch . It kept the 18-year-old two points ahead of Schild in the slalom standings , while Hofl-Riesch now has the same advantage over previous leader Tina Weirather in the race for the overall World Cup title . Meanwhile , Aksel Lund Svindal moved 195 points clear in the men 's World Cup with the 25th victory of his career in Sunday 's downhill in Bormio . The Norwegian , third at the Italian course last year , finished 0.39 seconds ahead of Austria 's defending champion Hannes Reichelt . Canada 's Erik Guay , who won the last downhill in Val Gardena , was third . "  Bormio is a tough race . Usually it is decided on the last section ; when everyone is tired you have to try and push that bit extra , " Svindal said . "  I am going south to do some windsurfing and relax on the beach for four days over New Year 's . I want to have some fun before the World Cup continues in January . It 's healthy for me to walk barefoot on the beach and relax a bit after being in the cold all the time . "	Maria Schild wins a record 35th World Cup slalom race on Sunday Austrian moves past Vreni Schneider with her second successive win She is now targeting compatriot Annemarie Moser-Proll 's 36 in any discipline Aksel Lund Svindal extends men 's lead with donwhill victory in Bormio
CNN  -- History is against Kevin Krigger . A black jockey has n't won America 's most prestigious race -- the Kentucky Derby -- for over a century . But in Krigger 's mind , history has already been rewritten -- we just do n't know it yet . "  I know I 'm going to win . Why ? Because I 'm riding Goldencents , " he told CNN in his lilting Caribbean accent . "  I could n't be this confident on any other horse . " The bookmakers appear equally assured , placing Krigger as the second favorite to win the $ 2 million "  Run for the Roses " -- so called for its iconic blanket of ruby-coloured flowers draped over the winner . Kentucky is the first race of the U.S. Triple Crown series -- followed by the Preakness and Belmont Stakes . But for many , the Derby -- run on Churchill Downs ' historic dirt track -- is also a fabulous festivity , capturing the public 's imagination in a way few horse races can . History repeats ? If Krigger 's prediction is right , he 'll be the first black jockey to win the premier race since Jimmy Winkfield took the trophy back-to-back in 1901 and 1902 . Today , look out across any U.S. race track and you 'll likely see an ocean of white -- and increasingly Latin American -- jockeys at the helm . But turn back the clock 150 years and African Americans ruled the field -- when the Kentucky Derby first launched in 1875 , 13 of the 15 jockeys were black . Much like the NBA today , black athletes dominated horse racing for the next three decades , winning 15 of the first 28 Derbies . "  They were the premier horsemen in the world , " says Joe Drape , author of "  Black Maestro , " which tells the story of champion jockey Winkfield . "  It was the first professional sport for black athletes in America . They were at the forefront of horse racing and it was a place where they could earn a good living . " But the rise of Jim Crow laws in the late 1880s -- segregating blacks and whites -- spelled an end to the golden era of jockeys like Winkfield . Listen : Derby 's forgotten history is rekindled They would later be replaced by successive waves of plucky immigrants ready to try their luck on the track -- from the Irish to Latin American riders today . In 2013 , Krigger is one of 50 black jockeys competing in the U.S. -- out of an estimated 1,000 . So could the 29-year-old from the Virgin Islands be the one to return the trophy the original godfathers of racing ? "  If someone is going to be the first African American in 111 years to do it , then why not me ? " he said . Childhood dreams The same thought ran through Krigger 's mind as a youngster watching the Derby on TV , from his home on the island of St Croix . Horses were a part of life for the rural community , and as a four-year-old Krigger would pull the animals next to cars so he could clamber on board . At 10-years-old he was given his first mare , challenging other children to races on the beach and down dirt roads . Horse-mad Krigger would even balance his saddle on the arm of the sofa and pretend to ride it . "  I was born riding horses -- walking came second , " he said . "  I watched the Derby every year and I knew that one day I would ride in it . It was always my dream . " Moving on up At 17 , he headed to the U.S. to follow that dream , competing across the country with some success , though failing to crack into the top-ranked competitions . His time would come a decade later . In 2011 Krigger finally found his stride , winning 124 races and notching up $ 2.8 million in prize money . The racing world took notice -- Krigger got a call from famous Los Angeles agent Tom Knust with an offer to compete at some of the top southern California circuits . He need n't have asked twice . Krigger packed up his family of four children and long-term girlfriend , and moved them from Seattle to a hotel , and then a trailer , before settling into a rented house . He came under the tutelage of reigning Kentucky Derby winning trainer , Doug O'Neil , with a chance to ride the horse of his dreams -- Goldencents . It 's little wonder Krigger is feeling confident about this Saturday 's derby -- the pair has won four of their six races together . Expectation and dedication Since winning the Santa Anita Derby last month -- the first black jockey in the 78-year history of the race to do so -- hype has been building around the possibility Krigger could make a repeat performance at Kentucky . California 's Santa Anita Derby is seen as an important precursor to Kentucky , with seven of its winners going on to take the "  Run for the Roses . " But despite the enormous expectation , Krigger remains cool as ice : "  Every one of my races I approach the same way -- at the end of the day , it 's just another race . " He 's trained hard to reach this momentous point in his career -- he rises at 5am each morning -- and success will have nothing to do with his skin color . "  I do n't think my win is a win for African American jockeys -- every one of us has to earn the respect of our trainers , " Krigger said . "  The next black jockey is n't going to ride in the Kentucky Derby because of me -- it 's going to be down to them . "	America 's most prestigious horse race -- the Kentucky Derby -- is run Saturday Kevin Krigger is adamant he will be first black jockey in 111 years to win African American riders used to dominate the sport , winning 15 of first 28 Derbies Confident Krigger says success will have nothing to do with skin color
CNN  -- America is a less Christian nation than it was 20 years ago , and Christianity is not losing out to other religions , but primarily to a rejection of religion altogether , a survey published Monday found . Survey finds percentage of of Americans identifying themselves as Christian has fallen over two decades . Seventy-five percent of Americans call themselves Christian , according to the American Religious Identification Survey from Trinity College in Hartford , Connecticut . In 1990 , the figure was 86 percent . William Donohue , president of the Catholic League said he thinks a radical shift towards individualism over the last quarter-century has a lot to do it . "  The three most dreaded words are thou shalt not , " he told Lou Dobbs . "  Notice they are not atheists -- they are saying I do n't want to be told what to do with my life . " At the same time there has been an increase in the number of people expressing no religious affiliation . The survey also found that "  born-again " or "  evangelical " Christianity is on the rise , while the percentage who belong to "  mainline " congregations such as the Episcopal or Lutheran churches has fallen . One in three Americans consider themselves evangelical , and the number of people associated with mega-churches has skyrocketed from less than 200,000 in 1990 to more than 8 million in the latest survey . Watch CNN report on new study " The rise in evangelical Christianity is contributing to the rejection of religion altogether by some Americans , said Mark Silk of Trinity College . "  In the 1990s , it really sunk in on the American public generally that there was a long-lasting ` religious right ' connected to a political party , and that turned a lot of people the other way , " he said of the link between the Republican Party and groups such as the Moral Majority and Focus on the Family . Watch author on mixing religion and politics " "  In an earlier time , people who would have been content to say , ` Well , I 'm some kind of a Protestant , ' now say ` Hell no , I wo n't go , ' " he told CNN . Silk also said the revelation that some Catholic priests had sexually abused children -- and senior figures in the church hierarchy had helped to hide it -- drove some Catholics away from religion . And , he said , it is now more socially acceptable than it once was to admit having no religion . "  You 're not declaring yourself a total pariah . The culture has changed in a way that makes it easier to say , ` No , I do n't have a religion . Even in the past year , Mitt Romney and Barack Obama feel obliged to talk about ` those of no faith , ' " he pointed out . Obama mentioned people without faith in his inaugural address in January , making him the first president to do so . In the survey , one in five Americans said they have no religious identity or did not answer the question , and more than one in four said they do not expect to have a religious funeral . The rise in what the survey authors call "  nones " is the only trend reflected in every single state in the study , Silk said . "  We do n't see anything else in the survey that is nationwide , " he told CNN . Still , Tony Perkins , the president of the Family Research Council , remained hopeful that people will return to their faith , noting there was a less dramatic decline in those affiliating themselves with a religion this decade than in the 1990s . Perkins told Lou Dobbs he sees that decline easing , and he thinks soon religion will be an even greater part of people 's lives . "  If this poll is taken next year will the outcome be different ? " he asked . "  As the economy goes downward , I think people are going to be driven to religion . " Other findings include : • The percentage of Catholics in the United States has remained steady at about one in four since 1990 , while the percentage of other Christians has plummeted from 60 percent to 50 percent . • The percentage of Muslims has doubled since 1990 , but remains statistically very small , only 0.3 percent in the original survey and 0.6 percent today . • Mormons have remained steady as a percentage of the population , even as the number of people in the United States has grown . They make up 1.4 percent of the population . • The number of Jews in the United States is falling if the category includes only those who define themselves as Jews religiously , but has remained the same if the category includes people who consider themselves ethnically Jewish . The survey polled 54,461 Americans between February and November of last year . Pollsters conducted the research in both English and Spanish . The survey is the third in a series , following polls in 1990 and 2001 .	New survey finds Americans less likely to identify themselves as Christian 75 percent call themselves Christian , down from 86 percent in 1990 Survey finds an increase in number of people expressing no religious affiliation Percentage of Muslims has doubled , but still small : from 0.3 to 0.6 percent
Bombs in Shiite areas of Iraq claimed the lives of 25 people Sunday , the second day of the Muslim holy month Ramadan . An Iraqi soldier and a policeman also died in separate incidents . The violence started in the morning , when a car bomb exploded outside a popular restaurant in the central city of Najaf , about 100 miles south of Baghdad , an official with Iraq 's Interior Ministry said . Five people were killed and 14 others were wounded . Just before sunset , when Muslims break their daily Ramadan fast , three roadside bombs exploded within a few minutes of each other at the crowded al-Tameem market in a predominantly Shiite area in Baghdad 's southern outskirts , police officials in the capital said . Fifteen people were killed and 60 others wounded , police said . Police : 11 dead , 37 wounded in Iraq blast Later in the evening , five people were killed and 25 wounded when a car bomb exploded in another market , this time in Mahmoudiya , a predominantly Shiite area about 19 miles south of the capital , police in Baghdad said . Separately , a sniper killed an Iraqi soldier in Falluja on Sunday afternoon as he stood near his patrol , local police officials said . Falluja is in Anbar province , just west of Baghdad . A car bomb exploded near a police patrol in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul in the evening , killing a policeman and wounding 16 others , including three officers , a police official in the city said . The city is predominantly Sunni . While the violence in Iraq has dropped since the peak of sectarian strife between 2005 and 2007 , Iraqi residents continue to express concerns over the stability of the country and the efficacy of its security forces . 6 killed , 20 wounded in Iraq bomb blast , police say Bombings over three consecutive days earlier this month left 52 people dead . In June , at least 240 people were killed in militant attacks in Iraq , according to CNN estimates . The recent carnage coincides with an emerging political crisis in the war-torn Middle Eastern nation , which faces an increasingly fractious legislature as Iraq 's Shiite , Sunni and Kurdish political blocs increasingly seem at odds . Shiite Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki has struggled to forge a lasting power-sharing agreement and has yet to fill key Cabinet positions , including the ministers of defense , interior and national security , while his backers have also shown signs of wobbling support . Series of deadly attacks hit Iraq	The bombs happened in predominantly Shiite areas 99 people were wounded An Iraqi soldier and a policeman were killed in separate incidents
CNN  -- In hopes of raising its game off the court as well as on it , 2K Sports has announced a partnership with hip-hop impresario and part-NBA owner Jay-Z , who is the executive producer of the upcoming "  NBA 2K13 " video game . The megastar , whose real name is Shawn Carter , has been focusing his efforts on the game 's presentation and entertainment elements away from the ball -- the music , crowd reactions and interactive in-game menus . He is part owner of the Brooklyn Nets , so his involvement is one that is personally appealing , he said . "  This has been a unique opportunity to collaborate with 2K Sports and be a part of one of the best sports video games in history , " Jay-Z said in a statement . " ` NBA 2K13 ' will be the next evolution in sports and basketball culture , and I 'm ready to usher in the new era of the franchise . " Review : ` NBA 2K12 ' lets you create your dream player Jason Argent , vice president of marketing for 2K Sports , said Jay-Z transcends music and his early involvement in the title 's off-court activities reflects the artist 's creative vision and presentation . "  Jay-Z 's role represents a unique fusion of basketball , music , art and entertainment , and illustrates the evolution of ` NBA 2K ' into something much bigger than simply the best basketball video game series ever made , " Argent said . "  He was obsessed with authenticity and he really wanted to add his influence early on to make the experience better . "  We are never just satisfied with the best . We asked how we can challenge ourselves to make the game and the overall experience even better . " Argent said Jay-Z 's influence would be felt immediately in the game , starting during its video introduction . Jay-Z also handpicked the game 's soundtrack with tracks from U2 , Puff Daddy , Coldplay , Kanye West and even some of his own creations . ` NBA 2K12 ' cover art features Bird , Magic , Jordan Argent said the entertainment mogul worked with the development team on how to bring the entire entertainment presentation to the video game without affecting any of the gameplay . He said Jay-Z was highly engaged and understood the line between on-court and off-court experiences . 2K Sports was n't ready to talk about gameplay improvements at this time , but Argent said it was ready to make a "  giant leap forward . " The basketball simulation game is due for release October 2 for the Xbox 360 , Windows PC , PlayStation 3 , PSP and Wii . The Wii U version is expected during the holiday season .	Jay-Z tries his hand as an executive producer of "  NBA 2K13 " video game The hip-hop impresario worked on non-gameplay elements such as music Soundtrack includes U2 , Coldplay , Kanye West and Jay-Z The artist , whose real name is Shawn Carter , is part-owner of Brooklyn Nets
Tokyo  CNN  -- The leak of highly radioactive water into the Pacific from the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant has stopped , Tokyo Electric Power Company said early Wednesday . The leak had stopped as of 5:38 a.m. Wednesday  4:38 p.m. ET  , said the company , which runs the plant . Earlier , Tokyo Electric officials had said an attempt to plug the leak had shown a "  significant difference , " despite the material not setting as hoped . The company had injected a silica-based polymer dubbed "  liquid glass " to reduce the leak . The utility 's assessment comes after the country 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency said the substance had not hardened as expected . The material had been pumped from below into the leaking shaft at the plant 's No. 2 reactor . The news was a bright spot amid a series of setbacks Japanese authorities faced Tuesday , including the detection of radiation in a fish and news that the water gushing into the Pacific had radiation levels millions of times above the regulatory limit . Readings from samples taken Saturday in the concrete pit outside the turbine building of the No. 2 reactor -- one of six at the crisis-plagued plant -- had radiation 7.5 million times the legal limit , a TEPCO official said . Newer findings , from Tuesday afternoon , showed a sizable drop to 5 million times the norm . Town near nuclear plant rejects Japanese utility 's ` token ' offer The utility company also noted Tuesday that the radiation levels diminished sharply a few dozen meters from the leak , consistent with their assessment that the spill might have a minimal effect on sea life . But even in these spots , radiation levels remained several hundred thousand times the legal limit . Both the utility and Japan 's nuclear safety agency said they did n't know how much water is leaking into the sea from reactor No. 2 . But engineers have had to pour nearly 200 tons of water a day into the No. 2 reactor vessel to keep it cool , and regulators say they believe that is the water leaking out . Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said the presence of radioactive iodine "  in one sample of fresh fish " prompted authorities to regulate the radiation in seafood for the first time . While fishing has been forbidden within 20 kilometers  12 miles  of Fukushima Daiichi , there had been no restrictions on seafood , as there were for some vegetables and milk from certain locales . Now , the same radiation standards that apply to vegetables will apply to ocean products as well . Nuclear crisis explainer "  The "  provisional ingestion limit , equivalent to vegetables and applied to fish and shellfish , will take effect immediately , " the Cabinet minister said . Meanwhile , the deliberate dumping of radioactive water into the sea continues , Tokyo Electric said Wednesday . On Tuesday , Edano apologized for the decision to dump the water -- all part of the effort to curb the flow of the more toxic liquid spotted days ago rushing from outside the No. 2 unit . TEPCO said that as of Tuesday evening , more than 5,740 tons had been released -- about half the total volume . The process of expelling contaminated water in the plant 's water treatment facility and around several of its reactors began Monday and will take five days , a Tokyo Electric official said . "  The water contains a high level of radiation , " Edano said of the liquid being dumped into the Pacific . "  We are sorry for this decision we have to make . " Special coverage : Japan earthquake aftermath The most contaminated batch of this water comes from outside the No. 6 reactor , likely having gotten in via groundwater  and not a breach in the unit itself  , officials said . It has a concentration of iodine-131 that would be 100 times more than the maximum amount in tap water that infants could drink , and 10 times more than what would be OK in food . Overall , the dump equates to about 3 million gallons , noted Gary Was , a nuclear engineering professor from the University of Michigan . Yet Hidehiko Nishiyama , a Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency official , said , "  We 've decided that discharging the contaminated water into the sea poses no major health hazard . " Experts say this is a fair assessment , given the likelihood the contamination should quickly dilute , especially if the tainted material is largely iodine-131 , which loses half its radiation every eight days . "  To put this in perspective , the Pacific Ocean holds about 300 trillion swimming pools full of water , and they are going to release about five swimming pools full , " said Timothy Jorgensen , chair of the radiation safety committee at Georgetown University Medical Center . "  So hopefully the churning of the ocean and the currents will quickly disperse this so that it gets to very dilute concentrations relatively quickly . " John Till , president of the South Carolina-based Risk Assessment Corp. , said he does not expect to see any permanent effects on marine life , even close to the plant . However , he added that officials should monitor radiation levels closely -- in the ocean as well as in seafood that reaches restaurants and markets . U.S. scales back military aid units in Japan A piece of good news , according to Japanese government reports , is that airborne radiation appears to be steadily falling around northeast Japan . Two measurements from 15 kilometers  nine miles  or less from the plant showed amounts of radioactive iodine-131 at 2 to 3.7 times the legal standard , with levels of a far longer-lasting cesium isotope well below the official limit . Also , utility and government officials have described conditions recently in the Fukushima Daiichi plant 's reactors and spent nuclear fuel pools as generally stable . There have been exceptions -- like the new need to pump 3-meter-deep water from a drain outside the Nos. 5 and 6 units for fear it could rise , enter nearby turbine buildings and short out power for the units ' nuclear fuel cooling systems . But such problems are n't occurring at the same pace , or with the same apparent severity , as was evident weeks ago . The top priority , however , is stopping the water that 's been gushing directly into the Pacific through a cracked concrete shaft outside the No. 2 reactor . How to help in Japan relief efforts Edano said Monday that the decision to dump tainted water from other reactors and the wastewater treatment facility was unavoidable in order to ensure the safety of the No. 2 reactor core . The idea is to expeditiously pump the tainted water from around the No. 2 reactor 's turbine building , lowering levels inside so that water no longer rushes out into the sea , a Japanese nuclear safety official said . This came after the first two failed attempts to plug the problematic crack -- one by pouring in concrete , the other using a chemical compound mixed with sawdust and newspaper . Reactors No. 1 and No. 3 , which have lower levels of water , need to be drained as well . Tokyo Electric 's plan is to pump that water to other storage tanks , including some that still need to be set up . Water in and around the Nos. 5 and 6 reactors is being jettisoned directly in the sea , officials said . Interactive map on Japan crisis Another big problem may be that authorities still do n't know how exactly the gushing water got contaminated , where it came from or how to fix potential leaks and cracks deep inside the reactor complex and nuclear fuel . Michael Friedlander , a former senior U.S. nuclear engineer , said late Monday that authorities will continue to have problems related to excess , radioactive water -- and the need to dump some of it -- as long as they inject huge amounts in to prevent fuel rods from overheating in reactors ' cores and spent fuel pools . "  This is not a one-off deal , " Friedlander said of dumping radioactive water into the ocean . "  This issue of water and water management is going to plague them until they can get  fully operating  long-term core cooling . " CNN 's Whitney Hurst , Matt Smith and Kyung Lah and journalist Hiroo Saso contributed to this report	NEW : The leak of radioactive water into the Pacific has been stopped More than 5,700 tons of less radioactive water have been purposefully released so far Radiation levels drop sharply offshore , but are many times over the legal limit Water in a pit that 's leaking into the sea had radiation 7.5 million times above the norm
CNN  -- The 24-year-old man accused of attacking commuters while naked at a San Francisco subway station proclaimed he is not guilty Tuesday . According to the San Francisco District Attorney 's office , Yeiner Garizabalo waived his arraignment and entered not guilty pleas . He is due back in court on July 18 for a pre-hearing conference . The native of Colombia remains in jail on a $ 100,000 bond and a request from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials . Garizabalo faces seven charges following the May 10 incident at a Bay Area Rapid Transit station . He appeared in a bizarre video where he , sans clothing , performed acrobatics off subway equipment , then went after commuters trying to catch a train . A video of the incident quickly went viral . In it , a glistening man with a wild mane of hair turns fare gates into balance beams , doing splits and back flips buck-naked . Startled commuters flee as he dashes across the station , attacking people at random . Last week , police said he had been arrested , given a mental evaluation , charged with battery and released . He now stands accused of two felony counts of false imprisonment , four misdemeanor counts of battery and one misdemeanor count of sexual battery in the incident , said Alex Bastian , a spokesman for the District Attorney 's office . California defines false imprisonment as "  the unlawful violation of the personal liberty of another . " Garizabalo , who is also known as Yeiner Perez , was , until recently , a member of the ClownSnotBombs Circus . The group posted a statement on its Facebook page Monday saying he was no longer affiliated with it . "  To our knowledge , Mr. Perez never exhibited this type of behavior previously and this episode came as a complete surprise to us , " it said . On Tuesday , the group added another statement that said it had worked with Garizabalo to have him admitted to a hospital for a psychiatric and medical examination . That was supposed to happen Tuesday , but he was arrested on Monday . The post , signed by six members of the troupe , said Garizabalo described to them being in a play at the train station on May 10 . "  Now that he has seen the video and understands the gravity of what really happened , he feels both guilty and horrible for what he has done , " it said . "  He is extremely depressed , under a lot of stress and very afraid . " CNN affiliate KTVU reported Garizabalo faces deportation because of an expired visa .	NEW : Clown troupe says Yeiner Garizabalo told them he thought he was in a play Acrobat says he is not guilty on all seven charges The incident occurred May 10 at a subway station in San Francisco Video surfaced showing a naked man doing acrobatics , going after commuters
CNN  -- Colombia 's largest rebel group reportedly claimed on Tuesday to be holding French journalist Romeo Langlois , who disappeared over the weekend , and described him as a "  prisoner of war . " A woman claiming to belong to the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , also known as FARC , called a group of local journalists and read a statement she attributed to the group . "  The French journalist , dressed as a soldier and captured during battle , is in our hands and is a prisoner of war . He has a slight arm wound , for which he received medical attention , and is out of danger , " she said . The statement was reported by various media groups in Colombia , including the El Tiempo newspaper and Caracol Radio . Colombia 's president has demanded the release of Langlois , who was kidnapped by FARC while on a military raid of drug laboratories . "  We want to tell the FARC to release him as soon as possible , " said President Juan Manuel Santos . "  Among other things , because we understand he is hurt . " Colombian Air Force helicopter crashes , killing 13 Colombian Defense Minister Juan Carlos Pinzon said on Sunday that preliminary reports indicated that Langlois was shot in his arm before he disappeared . In April , FARC pledged to stop kidnappings civilians for money . Langlois , who works for France 24 and is a war reporter with more than 10 years experience in the country , was reporting alongside soldiers when the rebel group attacked , the Colombia government said . A sergeant , two soldiers and a national police officer were killed , the Ministry of National Defense said ; six others were injured . The attack took place in the southern Caqueta province as soldiers worked to destroy cocaine labs . On Monday , the Colombian air force released a video taken in the same Caqueta region that purportedly showed rebels dressed as civilians shooting at military aircraft . Air Force Commander Tito Saul Pinilla said Colombia will take the video to international bodies , which he did n't specify , as evidence that FARC is in violation of the Geneva Convention . "  The video proves that again  the rebels are using  the civilian population as a shield to commit their criminal acts , " Pinilla said . "  This causes great difficulty not only to our ground forces but also to our pilots who have to try to locate an enemy that is in plain clothes , white shirts and who runs and hides among the civilian population . " France 24 reported its editors were working with authorities in Colombia and France to gather information on the journalist . "  We know that it 's a difficult region , " said Nahida Nakad , editorial director of Audiovisuel Exterieur de la France , of which France 24 is a part , the television network reported . "  Of course we are very worried , but we have every confidence in Romeo , who knows the territory very well and is an experienced journalist . We hope that he is safe and sound , and we are in constant contact with his family . " A FARC-sympathetic news agency that often publishes official statements from the group blamed the incident on the Colombian government . Langlois ' disappearance "  is the responsibility of the government of Colombia for engaging in their ranks a foreign national as a correspondent of war , " said an editorial posted by the New Colombia News Agency . The rebel group has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s , and has used kidnapping forces and civilians as a key strategy . Video : Hostages held more than a decade released While severely weakened in recent years , it continues to carry out kidnappings and attacks on security forces . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	NEW : A woman claiming to belong to FARC calls local reporters and reads a statement NEW : The rebel group admits to holding French journalist Romeo Langlois NEW : He received medical attention for a light arm wound , it reportedly says Kidnapping government forces and civilians has been a key strategy of FARC
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- In some parts of the South , Friday 's rare snowfall did n't pack the punch anticipated , but it still forced the closure of schools and the cancellation of flights . Cities put emergency crews to work throughout much of the region while state offices and schools were shut down . An estimated 8 inches fell in De Kalb in eastern Mississippi , while 200 miles south in metro Biloxi , snow fell but did n't stick , the National Weather Service reported . "  We had flurries for about five minutes where I am , that 's it , " said John DeMiller , owner of the Petit Bois Grocery in Biloxi . DeMiller 's 10th-grade daughter stayed home from school Friday after the Mississippi Department of Education closed all schools due to inclement weather . DeMiller had n't expected much snow , and when schools were closed in his town without accumulations , he was flabbergasted . "  I 'm going , ` they just lost their mind , ' " he said . Share your winter weather photos , stories Just north of metro Biloxi , though , 1-2 inches fell and black ice could pose a problem as wind chills drop , National Weather Service forecaster Phil Grigsby said . Officials in Georgia were bracing for enough snow to paralyze parts of the state . Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport , which canceled hundreds of flights , had reported 4 inches of snow , National Weather Service meteorologist Dan Darbe said . Numerous accidents have been attributed to the dangerous conditions , he said . Temperatures were to fall to the mid - to upper-20s in the Atlanta area after the snow tapered off sometime between 9 p.m. and 10 p.m. Friday , he said . Traffic accidents were expected to increase as slush turned to ice late Friday , he said . The clear skies already over parts of western Alabama are expected to move into Georgia later this weekend , Darbe said . In Louisiana , Commissioner of Administration Angele Davis announced state government offices were closed in 42 parishes . Earlier in the day , iReporter Susan Sharman in Bastrop , Louisiana , said she could n't believe snow was falling over her town . "  I have n't seen snow like this in Bastrop in over eight years , " she said . Metro Baton Rouge , Louisiana , saw about an inch of snow on its streets , while the rest of the area got 1 to 3 inches , Grigsby said . But Mardi Gras revelers do n't have much to worry about . The very early morning snow should n't interfere with parades Friday evening , he said . Windchills in the 30s , however , mean paradegoers need to bundle up before the fun . Drivers should also be wary of any black ice that may form on bridges and overpasses , he said . Yasamie Richardson of Alabama Emergency Management said conditions could be "  very , very dangerous , " in her state and the likelihood of power outages was "  very great . " She said authorities were encouraging people to prepare for the possibility of losing electricity . "  My husband and I have n't seen snow since we were stationed in Massachusetts and my children have never seen it , " Sara Johnson in Wilmer , Alabama , said in a CNN iReport as the first flakes began to fall Friday morning . The weather system pounded parts of Texas on Thursday , leaving a record 12.5 inches in the Dallas-Fort Worth area . The National Weather Service said the 24-hour total in the area topped the previous record of 12.1 inches set in 1964 . "  For the DFW Metroplex this is amazing , " said iReporter Brent Dow . See Dow 's photo of a Texas-size snowman West of Dallas , in Irving , Texas , Michael Whiteside was awakened at 2:45 a.m. Friday "  to the sound of my patio roof collapsing from the weight " of the snow , he said in a CNN iReport . At Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport , where American and American Eagle canceled about 230 flights , officials were working to ramp up departures Friday . An Airport spokesman said Friday afternoon that most flights were running on time . There was some relief in sight for the South . Warmer weather was melting the snow Friday in Dallas , and temperatures in the 40s were expected to move through the rest of the region over the weekend . The Southern states were getting a smaller dose of what their Northeastern and mid-Atlantic counterparts have experienced this week . That area is digging out from a pair of record-setting blizzards . The first storm dumped more than 30 inches of snow in some places last weekend , while the latest part of the one-two punch dropped 22.5 inches on Baltimore , Maryland ; 15.8 inches on Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; and about 10 inches on Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Arlington , Virginia ; Central Park in New York ; and Atlantic City , New Jersey , the National Weather Service said . Records for total snowfall for the season have been set at Dulles International Airport west of Washington , with 72 inches ; Philadelphia , with 70.3 ; Baltimore , with 70.1 ; Reagan Washington National Airport , with 55.6 ; and Atlantic City , with 48.7 , according to the weather service . CNN 's Dan Gilgoff and Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report .	NEW : Caution advised overnight because lower temperatures may freeze roads "  This is amazing , " CNN iReporter says of snowfall in Dallas-Fort Worth area Flights canceled in Atlanta ; Dallas-Fort Worth gets 12.5 " of snow , a 24-hour record Are you snowed in ? Send us your iReports to tell how you 're staying warm and digging out
CNN  -- The world 's strongest storm of the year so far plowed across the northern Philippines on Monday , killing at least one person and leaving 20 fishermen missing . Packing winds as strong as 200 kilometers per hour  124 mph  , Typhoon Utor made landfall early Monday on the east coast of the Philippine island of Luzon , damaging hundreds of houses . "  It 's the strongest typhoon we 've had so far on the planet this year , " said CNN International meteorologist Samantha Mohr . "  So that gives you some idea of the magnitude of this system . " Utor , known in the Philippines as Labuyo , churned west-northwest over Luzon , dumping heavy rain on the island 's hilly terrain and bringing the risk of landslides . It weakened as it moved over land , and by Monday afternoon , it had begun to head out into the South China Sea . Aid groups in the Philippines , which had been preparing for the storm 's arrival for several days , said they were only just beginning to assess the situation on the ground in the hardest-hit areas . "  There 's a high risk that part of the population may get isolated because of landslides and difficulty moving around , " said Anna Lindenfors , country director for Save the Children in the Philippines . The country 's National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council reported one death in the province of Benguet on Monday afternoon . Twenty fishermen who had headed out to sea before the storm 's arrival remained unaccounted for , the agency said . But dozens of others who had initially been reported missing had returned home safely , it said . The agency reported damage to 673 houses in the province of Aurora , where the storm made landfall . The typhoon destroyed nearly 80 % of the infrastructure in Casiguran , a town that lay in Utor 's path across the province , CNN affiliate ABS-CBN reported . The storm tore apart rickety houses and ripped the roof off a local hospital , the local broadcaster said , showing images of flattened homes buried under fallen trees . Situated near an area of the Pacific Ocean where typhoons form , the Philippines regularly suffers severe storm damage . An average of 20 typhoons hit the Southeast Asian country every year , and two or three of those cause serious damage , according to Plan International , an aid and development organization . Utor is expected to pick up more strength over the warm waters of the South China Sea over the next day or so before making landfall on the southern coast of China on Wednesday . CNN 's Anjali Tsui contributed to this report .	Typhoon Utor makes landfall with gusts of 200 kilometers per hour Philippine authorities report one person dead and 20 missing It 's the strongest storm anywhere in the world so far this year More than 650 houses are damaged in one coastal province
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The death toll from a suicide attack in southwestern Pakistan has risen to 73 , police said Saturday . At least 206 people were wounded in the Friday attack that the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for . Officials on Friday reported that 59 people were killed in the attack . Qari Hussain , a senior member of the group -- also known as Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan , or TTP -- said the attack avenged the deaths of Sunni religious leaders by Shiites . The TTP also claimed responsibility this week for a trio of suicide attacks Wednesday during Shiite processions in Lahore , which killed 31 people . The blast in the city of Quetta occurred during an Al Quds day rally , an annual event in the Arab and Muslim world that criticizes Israeli policies toward Palestinians . Dramatic television images showed what appeared to be the blast , followed by heavy gunfire and people dispersing . Images also showed many casualties being treated . The U.S. Justice Department announced this week that a key TTP leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , has been charged for his alleged involvement in the killings of seven U.S. citizens at an American military base in Afghanistan in 2009 and the attempted Times Square bombing this year . A $ 5 million reward is being offered for information leading to the capture of Mehsud and another top Pakistani Taliban leader , Wali Ur Rehman , U.S. officials said . Hussain said his group felt proud that the United States felt "  threatened " by the Taliban . "  We will continue to attempt the kind of attacks we tried in New York Times Square , but next time , we will succeed , " he said . "  Soon the world will realize that we are very effective . " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said U.S. officials "  strongly condemn the recent barbaric attacks on religious processions in Lahore and Quetta and on a place of worship in Mardan , near Peshawar . Our sympathies are with the victims and their families and all those affected by these cruel acts of hatred . We stand with all of the people of Pakistan who should have the freedom to peacefully observe their religion , especially during Ramadan , and focus on rebuilding their lives after the floods , not mourn friends and family killed in terrorist attacks . " In an apparently unrelated incident Friday in northwestern Pakistan , a suicide bomber blew himself up outside an Ahmadi worship place in Mardan , killing himself and a pedestrian , police said . The incident occurred in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . Waqif Khan , Mardan 's police chief , said guards fired on the suicide bomber when he tried to breach the site 's security barrier . After he was injured , the attacker detonated his explosives . Four other people were injured in the attack . Ahmadis , who call themselves Muslims , are considered heretical and have been persecuted in the Muslim world . Recently , there was fighting between Ahmadis and non-Ahmadi Muslims in Indonesia . Sunnis and Shiites do not consider the Ahmadis part of Islam because they do not regard Mohammed as the last prophet sent by God . As such , they have been targeted by Islamic extremists . Pakistan 's population is largely Sunni Muslim . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistani Taliban claim responsibility for deadly bombing NEW : U.S. condemns "  barbaric attacks " The bombing occurred in Quetta , in southwestern Pakistan The attack took place during a rally protesting Israel 's treatment of Palestinians
CNN  -- Almost three years ago Dell launched a phone called the Streak , an Android-based handset with a 5-inch display that was marketed more as a tablet with phone capabilities than the other way around . Critics blasted the device for being too large . Most smartphones at the time were still 3.5 to 4 inches , after all . That was the norm . We did n't see many more mobile phones from Dell after its blunder with the Streak . Now let 's jump to the present . Last Thursday , Samsung introduced its new flagship phone , the Galaxy S IV . It also has a 5-inch screen , like the Dell Streak . But this time no one complained . In fact , the reaction was quite the opposite . Critics have been praising the Galaxy S IV 's gorgeous display , which is slightly larger than its predecessor . And suddenly the iPhone , which was once the standard for all other smartphones to copy , looks puny next to Samsung 's new phone . How 'd we get here ? In an effort to differentiate themselves from the dominant iPhone , manufacturers that relied on Android to run their mobile devices -- Samsung , LG , HTC , Motorola , and others -- began moving towards bigger and bigger screens . Android was still in its infancy , and it did n't have the smoothness , app selection , and robust feature set that Apple 's iOS did . If an Android phone wanted to stand out , it had to offer what the iPhone could n't on the hardware side . That meant removable batteries , expandable storage , and larger screens . In a few short years the trend snowballed to the point where no one scoffs anymore when a manufacturer launches a phone with a giant screen . In fact , there are plenty of phones with screens that are dangerously close in size to the growing breed of smaller tablets such as the Kindle Fire , Nexus 7 and iPad Mini . And people keep buying them . I overheard one Samsung exec put it this way when recently asked if the company thinks phones are getting too big : "  We 'll find out at some point , but we have n't found out yet . " Larger screens appeal to the increasing number of people who use their phones to watch video and play graphics-rich games . In other words , do n't expect your next phone to be any smaller than the one in your pocket now . These devices are only going to get larger until they reach a point where they 're so big that consumers start turning their noses at them . Some companies are already pushing the limit . At the Mobile World Congress trade show in Barcelona last month , a handful of companies released new phones in the seven and eight-inch ranges . Samsung introduced its new iPad mini competitor , the Galaxy Note 8.0 . But unlike the iPad , the Note 8.0 can make phone calls . Asus also has a seven-inch Android phone that it calls the FonePad . Apple did increase the screen size of the iPhone 5 by half an inch over previous models , but it has n't embraced the big-screen trend yet , and clearly does n't think it needs to for now . While the company never gives details on what it 's working on , its public statements do n't offer too much hope that a larger iPhone will arrive anytime soon . During Apple 's earnings call in January , CEO Tim Cook said Apple keeps its phone sizes relatively small because it believes that is the perfect form factor for most people . "  It also provides a larger screen without sacrificing one-handed use , " Cook said , referring to the 4-inch display on the iPhone 5 . . "  We put a lot of thought into screen sizes and we think we picked the right one . " Still , Apple 's decision to boost the iPhone 's size is a tacit admission that plenty of people are clamoring for a bigger phone . There have been rumors that a larger iPhone could hit the market as early as this summer , but it 's more likely you 'll have to wait until next year at the earliest . That 's not to say Apple is doomed if it does n't get into the so-called phablet business . Apple is clearly doing just fine . But it does suggest that if and when Cook & Co. do release a bigger phone , they will clearly find a receptive market . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	With the Samsung Galaxy S IV , phones with 5-inch screens are becoming common It 's a change from three years ago , when the 5-inch Dell Streak flopped The iPhone 5 has a 4-inch screen . Will a larger iPhone be next ? Larger screens appeal to people who use phones to watch video and play games
Knoxville , Tennessee  CNN  -- Heart-wrenching cries echo through the halls of the neonatal intensive care unit at East Tennessee Children 's Hospital . Nearly half of the newborn babies in the hospital 's NICU are suffering from prescription drug withdrawal . For over a year , the Knoxville hospital has been dealing with a dramatic increase in the number of newborns with neonatal abstinence syndrome , or NAS , which is the withdrawal process a newborn baby goes through after in utero exposure to certain medications . "  When I first got into neonatology the most common problem -- and still the most common problem -- that we take care of is premature babies or babies with respiratory distress , " said neonatology director Dr. John Buchheit , a 17-year veteran at Children 's . "  But I had no idea that we would be seeing this issue , to this degree . " Narcotics used during pregnancy pass through the placenta to the baby . Once the baby is born , he or she no longer has access to the drugs and will likely go through withdrawal . According to Buchheit , opioids -- like oxycodone -- are the worst offenders for the babies suffering from NAS at his hospital . Between 55 % and 94 % of babies exposed to opioids prior to birth exhibit signs of withdrawal , according to the American Academy of Pediatrics . The babies are easily agitated and cry constantly , and many can not be near sound and light . Other symptoms can include a distinct , high-pitched cry , tightening of the muscles and seizures . While prescription drug abuse is a problem in nearly every neighborhood in America , it is particularly epidemic in Tennessee , which ranks among the top states in the overuse of prescription pain medications . Study : Every hour , a baby is born with NAS A recent Tennessee health department survey found that about a third of pregnant women in state treatment programs are addicted to prescription pain meds . As a result , the number of babies born with NAS at East Tennessee Children 's Hospital doubled from 2010 to 2011 . This epidemic is tearing apart families in eastern Tennessee , according to Department of Children 's Services Attorney Susan Kovac . "  In Knox County , we 're drowning , " she said . "  We 've seen the number of children in foster care increase by almost 50 % over the last few years , and that 's just the tip of the iceberg because we 're trying to keep the children out of foster care . We 've got lots and lots of relatives who are raising drug-exposed infants . " State caseworkers are called in to handle the worst cases of babies suffering from NAS . "  We come and talk to the mom and try to find out , what 's the level of her abuse , what 's the level of her addiction , what can we do to get her clean so that she can be in a position to take care of her baby , " Kovac explained . Since the epidemic is relatively new , there is no national protocol on how to treat NAS . East Tennessee Children 's Hospital focuses its treatment on two areas : environmental and medicinal . Last year , the hospital created a wing of private rooms that is quieter , darker and easier to control for the massive influx of babies suffering from drug withdrawal . The hospital also trains volunteers , called cuddlers , to hold and comfort the babies . Bob Woodruff , a retired marketing professor and grandfather , spends six hours a week giving these babies a little extra love . "  It 's tremendously rewarding to take a stressed baby and work with that baby until that baby is feeling better or sleeping , " Woodruff said . "  It also makes the job of the nurses a lot easier . It 's a lot easier for them to come into a room and deal with a calm baby , rather than a crying baby . So I feel like I 'm really helping the nurses , as well as helping the babies . " In addition to improving their environment , the hospital has also developed a successful drug treatment program for these babies , according to pharmacist Terry King . "  When I first arrived , we were treating the babies and stabilizing them on methadone and then discharging them to have outpatient treatment , " he said . "  Then we decided that probably was n't the safest and most effective way to treat them . So we decided to switch to the morphine . " Treatments are individualized based on the severity of withdrawal and babies are given small doses of morphine every three hours with feedings . Over the following weeks , doses are gradually decreased to wean babies off the drugs . Since adopting the morphine protocol , the average hospital stay for these infants has decreased by several days , now averaging 24 days . As East Tennessee Children 's Hospital continues to treat these defenseless drug-dependent babies and chip away at the underlying causes of drug abuse through education and proper medical care , Buchheit admits that the future for these newborns with NAS is uncertain . "  There is no doubt that they are at an increased risk for problems with their learning and development throughout their childhood , and problems with behavior once they reach school age , " he said . In the meantime , the hospital has become a pioneer in the treatment of babies with NAS . Other states are turning to them for guidance . "  This problem is faced all over the country ... and people are interested in what we 're doing because we know it 's a safe , successful plan to administer , " King said . "  The process is complex to wean these babies and we think that what we 've developed has helped make the complex , simpler . "	Tennessee ranks among the top states dealing with prescription drug abuse About half of all babies in intensive care at one hospital suffer from drug withdrawal Opioids , like oxycodone , are the main drugs in these babies ' systems Most are diagnosed with neonatal abstinence syndrome , or NAS
CNN  -- The United States is experiencing its biggest spike in West Nile virus since 2004 , with 241 cases of the disease reported nationwide this year so far , including four deaths , health officials said . Of the 42 states that have reported infections in people , birds or mosquitoes , 80 % of them have been in Texas , Mississippi and Oklahoma , the CDC said in a statement . The national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention also listed a breakdown of infections by state . "  It is not clear why we are seeing more activity than in recent years , " said Marc Fischer , a medical epidemiologist at the CDC . "  Regardless of the reasons for the increase , people should be aware of the West Nile virus activity in their area and take action to protect themselves and their family . " The virus is transmitted through infected mosquitoes . In the United States , most infections occur between June and September , and peak in August , according to the CDC . Symptoms include fever , headache , body aches , joint pains , vomiting , diarrhea , or rash , the CDC said in a statement this week . "  Less than 1 % develop a serious neurologic illness such as encephalitis or meningitis  inflammation of the brain or surrounding tissues  , " it said . People over age 50 and those with conditions such as cancer , diabetes and kidney disease or with organ transplants are at greater risk . There are no medications to treat West Nile virus or vaccines to prevent infection . People with milder illnesses typically recover on their own but those more seriously affected may need hospital care . Health experts say prevention measures include avoiding mosquito bites , using insect repellent and getting rid of insect breeding sites . Symptoms of West Nile virus	At least 80 % of the infections are in Texas , Mississippi and Oklahoma "  It is not clear why we are seeing more activity than in recent years , " expert says The virus is transmitted through infected mosquitoes
Rolling Stone  -- Florence is a machine . When Florence Welch burst to prominence two years ago , fronting a five-piece rock band as vigorous as any that 's emerged from the U.K. in recent memory , it was clear that she was something special : a vocalist with extra horsepower who hurtled through love songs like a truck tearing down an empty highway on a moonless night . Florence and the Machine 's second album is as dark , robust and romantic as ever , but a revving 18-wheeler is no longer the apt metaphor for Welch 's voice . Listen to her hooting and growling on "  Only If for a Night , " a ballad somewhere between classic soul and midnight-on-the-moors English art rock . Listen to "  Shake It Out , " a treatise on heartbreak and spiritual rebirth . "  I am done with my graceless heart/So tonight I 'm gon na cut it out and then restart , " she cries , over guitars and keyboards that heave and chime . This is the sound of a human turbine -- a wind machine . Video : Record Shopping with Florence Welch On their 2009 debut , Florence and the Machine were a wiry rock band with a taste for melodrama . Here the scale is vastly inf lated : turbulent ballads , powered by booming drums and vocal chorales rising like distant thunder , full of Welch 's banshee wails . The music touches on Celtic melodies , bluesy rock stomps , nods to goth and gospel . But the wind never stops howling . Welch is a hopeless romantic obsessed with bad romance . Song after song casts relationships as struggle , with a hair 's breadth separating rapture from disaster . For Welch , love is a force as vast and violent as nature itself . In "  What the Water Gave Me , " a spurned lover goes to a watery grave : "  Oh , my love , do n't forget me/I let the water take me/Lay me down/Let the only sound/Be the overflow . " Florence and the Machine 's Florence Welch on Getting Sweaty and Forgetting Her Own Lyrics This is a very British record , drawing on a tradition of iconoclastic U.K. pop that stretches from Kate Bush and Siouxsie and the Banshees to PJ Harvey . There 's also a hint of another large-lunged Englishwoman here . Listen to "  Lover to Lover , " where Welch blasts out a gospel-soul-style lead vocal over an arrangement that winks at the thudding backbeat of classic Motown . Adele , anyone ? The rock band most forcefully evoked on "  Ceremonials " is one of the biggest of all time : U2 . Like them , Florence and the Machine are a true band , who channel garage-rock camaraderie into a huge , lashing sound more fit for an Olympian mountain peak than a garage . And like U2 , Florence and the Machine are fronted by a singer with the pipes , and the shamelessness , to pull off the melodrama -- to turn the ridiculous into the sublime . 2011 has been a banner year for left-of-center women rockers , from St. Vincent to Feist to Laura Marling . Those women are boutique stars , as , for the moment , is Florence Welch . But "  Ceremonials " suggests she could be a rock star , and a big one . The album concludes with the rock-gospel uplift of "  Leave My Body , " as Welch roars out a vision of transcendence : "  I 'm gon na leave my body/Moving up to higher ground/Lose my mind . " It 's a big song , with a big , brash , Bono-worthy sentiment . And a voice to match . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Florence and the Machine 's second album is as dark , robust and romantic as ever The music touches on Celtic melodies , bluesy rock stomps , nods to goth and gospel The album concludes with the rock-gospel uplift of "  Leave My Body "
Valdagno , Italy  CNN  -- It may not attract the TV audiences , armchair pundits and tasty endorsement deals that football does , but for Pedro Gil , roller hockey is everything . "  I live for this sport , " he says . "  It 's a low profile sport , it 's small , but for me it 's the greatest thing of all . " As captain of Spain 's roller hockey team , Pedro Gil has won five World Cups , seven consecutive European Championships and three Nations Cups . Last year , Gil was decorated by the Spanish government for his services to sport , and invited to kick off a Real Madrid game . He has now represented his country for 13 years and says , "  to wear your national team shirt is an indescribable , special moment . " More from Human to Hero : ` Lucky ' F1 driver lost both legs and triumphed with Paralympic gold Roller hockey is played throughout Europe and North America , but is dominated by Portugal and Spain , who have won 15 world titles apiece since 1936 . Played with a ball  rather than a puck  , on quad skates  rather than inline  , and with rules similar to those of polo  rather than ice hockey  , it is played at breakneck speeds . "  Last year there was a study which said that a shot with a stick in roller hockey is around 120 km -LSB- 75mph -RSB- per hour , " Gil says . "  At 120 or 130 km per hour , you would hope we would score a goal ! " Gil began playing when he was four years old , the first in his family to take up the sport , which is especially popular in his native Catalonia . "  We used to live opposite the roller hockey rink in my village , " he says . "  One day I asked my parents to register me , and since then I started and never stopped ! "  Every Saturday and Sunday , I went with my brother after he was born , and we were always at the rink playing . " By the age of 16 , Gil was playing for Spain 's winning team in the European Youth Cup , winning in front of a crowd of 8,000 . He was 21 when he played his first World Cup match , beating Argentina on their home turf . "  I think those are my two most cherished memories of my sporting career , " he says . More from Human to Hero : Chinese sculptor Xiang Jing 's painful search for truth The secret to Gil 's success is devastatingly simple : "  Always try to improve . " "  For me , sport , first and foremost , is work . I 've worked hard since I was a child , and working hard to perfect your best attributes is important -- because we all have weak points . Training each day on the weak points improves you as an all-round player . " "  I never thought I would make anything of myself , and I 've been fortunate to get where I am through hard work , " he says . "  I do n't know who I can thank ... I suppose myself , for my constant work and dedication . " Being one of the best players in the world only motivates Gil to train harder , he says . "  I feel a great responsibility . I got here through lots of work and lots of training , and lots of sacrifices . " Being captain also confers responsibility -- that of having "  to show why you 're captain . " Gil says he has to be the first to training and must take novice players under his wing . Above all , he says , "  as captain , you 're defending your country ! " Although his dedication to roller hockey is absolute , Gil does allow himself one "  vice : " He has more than 40 tattoos , including one depicting his old shirt number  nine  . "  I started when I was very young , and bit by bit I continued with my vice , " he says . "  It shows my personality , my thoughts -- strong symbols , which represent the fact that I am a strong person and that I like to work hard and be strong . " Having played for Spanish and Portuguese clubs , Gil this year joined an Italian club he describes as "  small in size , but huge in ambition : " Valdagno is a small mountain village in the north of Italy . "  It 's a tiny place , but very welcoming , and crazy about roller hockey , " Gil says . "  It 's the biggest sport in the town , which was my motivation for coming here . " At 32 , Gil says , he is "  getting on a bit , " but intends to continue playing for as long as possible . "  Why not , if the coach still believes in me ? If I can play until I 'm 34 , that would be great ... the more years , the happier I 'll be . " "  I would like to continue , and to help the team to more victories . I will never get tired of winning . It 's the best thing of all . It 's why we train every day . "	Pedro Gil is one of the greatest roller hockey players in the world . He has lead Spain to five World Cup victories and seven consecutive European championships . He says sport is work , and his success is due to daily training . Tattoos are a "  vice " : He has more than 40 which he says represent his strength .
CNN  -- The thought came to Don Walker during that most quintessential of American outings -- a baseball game . Caught in a crush of people on his way into Atlanta 's Turner Field , he could n't help but think about what had just happened in Boston -- sports fans crowded into a small space , a bomb tucked into a backpack , and then death . Not that it stopped the Morgantown , West Virginia , man from enjoying his Atlanta vacation . "  You just watch things more closely , " he said . Americans are doing a lot of that these days , especially after Monday 's attack on the Boston Marathon , where three people died and more than 180 were wounded when a pair of bombs exploded near the finish line : â $ cents A palpable sense of fear and confusion played out in the nation 's capital , at a Senate office in Michigan and on television screens across the country as authorities scrambled to deal with a spate of suspicious package reports . The first floor of Washington 's Hart Senate Office Building was evacuated at one point . Among the concerns were letters that initial tests suggested contained ricin , eerily echoing fears raised by letters containing anthrax mailed to lawmakers after the 9/11 attacks . Capitol HIll Police Chief Terry Gainer acknowledged "  a bit of anxiety " in a letter to senators . "  The bottom line of this multifaceted event was a positive one , " Gainer wrote . "  The packages were not dangerous ; they contained nothing hazardous ; and the person of interest was , while interesting , not particularly harmful although terribly disruptive . He was admonished but released . " Gainer added , "  This is the price of an open campus . The suspect in the ricin case , Paul Kevin Curtis , was arrested at his home in Corinth , Mississippi , on Wednesday . He has been charged with making threats against the president and sending threatening letters , the Justice Department said Thursday . Terrorists make us lose sight of the real dangers â $ cents In Oklahoma City , an unattended rental truck set off momentary panic Wednesday before police sounded the all-clear . The incident happened nearly 18 years ago to the day after Timothy McVeigh set off a devastating bomb outside a government building there , killing 168 people . â $ cents And then there 's New York , where nervous residents of that normally steely city made nearly four times as many suspicious package calls the day after the Boston bombings than they did in a typical day the year before , New York police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said Tuesday . Vigilance is what authorities call it . "  Always looking for a way out " is what Linda Simmons of Douglasville , Georgia , calls it . But it 's not just Boston that 's put her in that mindset . It 's the September 11 terror attacks . The bloodbath last year at an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater . The Newtown , Connecticut , school shootings . "  All of it , everything that 's happened , " she said . The reaction is understandable , said Michelle Majewski , a professor at Marian University in Fond du Lac , Wisconsin . The kind of mayhem unleashed Monday in Boston reminds us , she says , of things about which we 'd rather not think . "  That we 're all vulnerable , " she said . That vulnerability is something police recognize all too well . Law enforcement stepped up security across the country in response to the Boston bombings . Hundreds of National Guard troops remained on duty in Boston on Wednesday , backing up police . As did many other cities , perennial terror target New York ramped up its security measures and will keep them in place , Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Monday , "  until we learn more about what actually happened in Boston . " In London , authorities vowed to take another look at precautions for the big marathon scheduled there this weekend . But security experts will tell you it 's just not possible to prevent every bomb , every gunshot , every tragedy -- especially not when it comes to large outdoor events , such as road races . The impact of heightened security on travelers "  It 's extremely challenging because it 's not a secure environment , " said police Cmdr. Noah Johnson of Tempe , Arizona , where an annual charity run in honor of slain Army Ranger Pat Tillman is scheduled for Saturday . "  We ca n't put fences around it ; we ca n't put an officer every 2 feet , " he said . "  So we rely on every set of eyes out there . " So , as it often does in a free society , it comes down to us , to that word , to vigilance . "  Remain vigilant . You have to , " said Mike Brooks , a law enforcement analyst for In Session and HLN and a former detective in the intelligence division for the Washington Metropolitan Police Department . But security experts worry that down the road , many Americans may weary of maintaining such a high level of cautiousness . "  We as a country tend to lull ourselves into a false sense of security over the passage of time , " said Andy Lamprey , vice president of the security firm Andrews International and a former Los Angeles Police Department senior SWAT supervisor . The interest in the Boston terrorism case "  will last for a few days and perhaps a week , and then it will become a distant memory for most people , " he said . It happened after the September 11 attacks . A month after them , nearly six in 10 Americans were worried that they or someone they loved would become a victim of a terrorist attack , according to a Gallup Poll at the time . By 2011 , the number had fallen to a little over one in three -- nearly what it was at its lowest point before the 2001 attacks . "  It 's the old story about crying wolf and eventually people turn a blind eye and a deaf ear to it . They get weary of hearing it , " Lamprey said . "  It 's very difficult to remain at that heightened state of awareness . You ca n't do it all the time . " In Oshkosh , Wisconsin , runners will head out this weekend for a half-marathon . Sure , race director Gloria West told CNN affiliate WBAY-TV , they 'll think about security just that much more . Boston will be on their minds . But they wo n't be deterred , she told the station . "  We want to send a message , " she said . "  We ca n't all go home and stay in our houses . " CNN 's Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	NEW : Police chief acknowledges "  a bit of anxiety " on Capitol Hill Americans are looking over their shoulders after recent U.S. violence But the violence wo n't stop many from going out and living Events such as Monday 's bombings remind us that "  we 're all vulnerable , " professor says
New Delhi  CNN  -- An Indian cartoonist charged with sedition over images critical of the government has been released on bail , his lawyer said Wednesday . Aseem Trivedi had originally refused to seek bail and wanted the charges dropped , but changed his mind after receiving assurances from authorities that they would be reviewed , Vijay Hiremath said . In comments after his release , televised from outside the jailhouse , the satirist vowed to continue his campaign against the country 's colonial-era law on sedition . "  This fight will continue until 124A is repealed , " he said , holding a microphone . Arrest of ` toilet ' cartoonist triggers free speech debate in India He was referring to section 124A of the Indian Penal Code , which was introduced by the British colonial government in 1860 . The law prohibits "  words either spoken or written , or by signs or visible representation " that attempts to cause "  hatred or contempt , or excites or attempts to excite disaffection , " toward the government . Trivedi then thanked his supporters for rallying around him after his arrest triggered a debate over free speech in the world 's largest democracy . The case against the cartoonist hinges on a complaint about drawings published during anti-corruption protests last year . Trivedi 's cartoons attacked perceived corruption in India 's political system , with one of them depicting three lions in India 's national emblem as wolves and another showing parliament as a toilet , Hiremath said . But Trivedi insisted his cartoons were in fact inspired by patriotism . "  I did n't commit crime , " he told reporters . "  The government has to answer why I was charged with sedition . " But a Mumbai court granted Trivedi bail after someone else filed a public-interest petition seeking his release , Hiremath said . The cartoonist is also facing a charge of insulting national honor and authorities have blocked his website , which carried the cartoons , Hiremath added . If convicted , he could be jailed for life -- a situation that has incensed many in India . "  These charges are nonsense . They are stupid . They are just  there  because of the intolerance of some people . They should be dismissed as frivolous , " said Markandey Katju , the chief of the Press Council of India . Human Rights Watch has urged Indian authorities to immediately drop the charges and repeal the sedition law , which it alleged was being used to "  silence peaceful dissent . " In 1962 , India 's Supreme Court ruled that the section 124A was constitutionally valid , but said that its application should be limited to acts "  involving intention or tendency to create disorder , or disturbance of law and order , or incitement to violence . " "  Indian authorities have unlawfully charged individuals with sedition on repeated occasions for peaceful political purposes contrary to explicit directives of the Supreme Court , " said Meenakshi Ganguly of HRW . "  The obvious abuse of the sedition law to silence Trivedi should be the case that prompts the abolition of this law . " In its editorial Tuesday , one of India 's most respected dailies , The Hindu , also criticized the law . "  The latest victim of this anachronistic colonial-era law , for which the maximum punishment is life imprisonment , is a young cartoonist , arrested for no more than lampooning the corrupt and venal state of affairs in the country , " it said . " ... the sedition clause not only remains on the statute book but is used periodically against human rights activists , journalists and intellectuals . " TIME : Salman Rushdie and freedom of expression of India	NEW : Indian cartoonist Aseem Trivedi leaves jail on bail Trivedi had originally refused to apply for bail , wanted sedition charge dropped Cartoons attacked perceived corruption in India 's political system HRW urged authorities to drop the charges and repeal the law
New York  CNN  -- To the delight of fans back home in Tokyo , Hideki Matsui drove in six of the New York Yankees ' seven runs in their World Series-winning victory Wednesday and became the first Japanese-born player to win a series Most Valuable Player award . For much of his career , Matsui was a star player for the Tokyo Giants . Matsui 's key role in the series highlights the close ties between American and Japanese baseball . Playing in the Yankees ' new stadium , the successor to the "  House that Ruth Built , " Matsui 's performance brought to mind the key role that Babe Ruth played in the development of professional baseball in Japan , according to Robert Fitts , author of several books on Japanese baseball . Fitts became a student of Japanese baseball in 1993 , when his wife , an attorney , was transferred to Japan . Fitts , then working on his Ph.D. in archaeology from Brown University , was looking for something to get him immersed in Japanese culture . He wrote to 30 of the greatest Japanese ballplayers and was surprised to hear back from nearly all of them , with some sending gifts . He 's the author of "  Remembering Japanese Baseball : An Oral History of the Game " and of "  Wally Yonamine , " a biography of the first Japanese-American to play professional football and the first American to play professional baseball in Japan . "  He was called the Jackie Robinson of Japan , " Fitts said . Yonamine led the Japanese league in batting twice and won the MVP award as a center fielder for the Tokyo Giants . CNN spoke with Fitts , who is based in New York , on Thursday . CNN : What are your thoughts on Matsui 's key role in the Yankees ' victory ? Fitts : It 's wonderful for Japanese baseball , of course . I would say that five years ago , maybe seven years ago , it would have been incredible , because people in America and in Japan were n't sure about the status of Japanese professional baseball . Many Americans and some in Japan thought that Japanese baseball was n't as good as American baseball . ... Since then , Ichiro -LSB- Suzuki -RSB- came over , and he set numerous Major League Baseball records . ... And then Japan won both of the World Baseball Classics . So Japan 's baseball has already proven itself to be of high caliber . Most Americans , even if they do n't know the history of Japanese baseball , recognize now that they play a very good game . CNN : In Japan , how significant is baseball ? Fitts : It 's the Japanese national sport . It 's been so since the 1890s . Japan had no native team sports . In the 1870s . American and British teachers introduced team sports to Japan . Cricket was introduced , along with rugby and baseball . Baseball is the one that became the most popular . In the 1890s , a Japanese high school team beat a team of American adults from the Yokohama Country Club . They beat them in three straight games . It took on national importance . Japan , of course , was opened up to Westerners in the 1850s by Commodore Perry . The Western nations were far more advanced in technology , and Japan did a rapid modernization . By 1890 , Japan felt it was ready to join modern nations as an equal , but the Western powers were n't ready to accept Japan . CNN : How did the game develop after that ? Fitts : The biggest change came with two tours . The first was in 1931 , an American all-star team whose big star was Lou Gehrig , and the bigger tour came in 1934 . Both of these tours were sponsored by the Yomiuri newspaper . In 1934 , they brought over what at the time was considered the greatest baseball team ever . It included Babe Ruth , Lou Gehrig , Jimmie Foxx , Charlie Gehringer , Earl Averill , Lefty Gomez , Connie Mack was the manager , and we ca n't forget Mo Berg , the future spy -LSB- for the United States in World War II -RSB- . The '34 tour was significant for two reasons : The first is that relations between Japan and the U.S. were really rocky at that point . There was a very significant treaty , the naval treaty , which limited the size of the major powers ' navies . For every five warships the U.S. and Britain could have , Japan was only allowed three . Japan found this quite insulting , even though they had agreed to it in the 1920s . When the all-star team went over there , the Japanese people went crazy . Half a million people turned out on November 2 for a welcoming parade in Tokyo for the American baseball team . The tour really did create a great deal of goodwill . However , that ended quickly . Within a month of the tour ending , Japan announced that it would not renew the naval treaty . Several months later , in February 1935 , an ultranationalist group tried to assassinate the president of the Yomiuri newspaper because he brought over the American team . He was wounded very seriously but survived . CNN : What was the importance of the tour for Japanese baseball ? Fitts : The Yomiuri newspaper used the enthusiasm generated by the tour to start their own professional league . The first team they created -- to play the American visitors -- was a Japanese all-star team called All-Nippon . After the tour , the All-Nippon team transformed into the Yomiuri -LSB- Tokyo -RSB- Giants . CNN : What was Babe Ruth 's role ? Fitts : Babe Ruth was credited as the man who helped start Japanese -LSB- professional -RSB- baseball . He was just Babe Ruth . He sold out every game . He had just been released by the Yankees prior to the tour . He hit over .300 ; he led the Americans and Japanese for most home runs . CNN : How did Hideki Matsui become a baseball star in Japan ? Fitts : He was signed right after high school . He was the hero of the annual high school tournament . His rookie year was 1993 with the Yomiuri Giants . He spent much of '93 in the minors . By 1994 , he became a true star , and he was the face of the team from '94 till he came over to the Yankees in 2003 . CNN : How did people feel about Matsui coming to the Yankees ? Fitts : The vast majority of people were very happy for him . There was no sense of betrayal except for the true Giants fans . This was very exciting news . I was there when it happened . This was a chance for Japan 's most popular player to prove himself in the major leagues . The Yankees are a special team in Japan just like they are in the U.S. They 're probably the most popular American team in Japan . When -LSB- Hideo -RSB- Nomo first came over in 1995 , I found my Japanese friends only cared about how the Japanese players did . They were a fan of the Dodgers one day when Nomo pitched ; they were a fan of the Angels when -LSB- Shigetoshi -RSB- Hasegawa pitched , but over time the Japanese fans became fans of different major league teams as they watched more major league baseball on TV . CNN : What have been the differences between the American and Japanese games ? Fitts : There were real substantial differences from the 1940s even through the early 1990s . ... The Japanese would sacrifice bunt far more than the Americans  they still do but less than they used to  . Players did n't go first to third on singles often . They would play line drives on hops rather than trying to make a shoestring catch and risk giving up more bases . It was a very conservative brand of baseball . Since the ties have become closer , Japan 's baseball has become more aggressive , more exciting , in my opinion . There are still differences . The Japanese really focus on practice and perfection of the technique . That 's something American players can learn from , and I think it helps explain the success of Hideki Matsui and Ichiro . They 're both dedicated players who practice many , many hours . If you watch Matsui at the plate , he 's a very disciplined hitter . His swing is very compact , very practiced , almost perfect . He rarely makes mental mistakes when he 's playing the field or running the bases . CNN : How do you think people view the fact that he 's going to be a free agent and might not stay with the Yankees ? Fitts : I think the Japanese people would be very disappointed if he does n't remain a Yankee ... and I think most New Yorkers would be very disappointed , too . He 's an extremely classy player and a classy individual . CNN : Were you rooting for the Yankees ? Fitts : I 'm a Phillies fan . I grew up in Philadelphia . I 'm in mourning this morning , but at least it was Matsui who did the damage .	Japanese baseball book author says Babe Ruth sparked professional game in Japan Robert Fitts says 1934 tour by American all-stars led to first pro teams He says Yankees star Matsui is example for American ballplayers Fitts : Matsui 's emphasis on perfecting and practicing technique leads to success
CNN  -- Police have identified the body of a missing mother found Sunday in a vacant lot in Camden , New Jersey . A family member found the body of Jenna Lord , 23 , of Collingdale , Pennsylvania , on Sunday in a vacant lot in Camden , according to Jason Laughlin , a spokesman for the Camden County Prosecutor 's Office . Family members and police had been searching the area . Lord , described as a formerly troubled young woman who had recently begun to turn her life around , went missing over the July Fourth weekend . She was last seen the morning of July 5 , waiting for a train home to Pennsylvania at the Walter Rand Transportation Center in Camden after attending a Fourth of July gathering the night before , according to her mother , Desiree Caruso . Her body was dressed in the same clothes she was wearing when she went missing , Laughlin reported . Caruso told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " that her daughter 's cell phone had died sometime over the weekend , and she used a man 's phone at the train station to call her mother . Caruso said she missed the phone call , but talked with the man afterward , who told her that her daughter "  looked a little scared . " The man told Caruso that he helped Lord buy a train ticket and waited with her until his train arrived . "  His train came a minute before hers , and he got on his train and I guess he figured she would get on her train , but she never got home , " Caruso said . The man also said that Lord had been approached by another man , who told him he would make sure she got on her train , saying , "  I got this , " according to Caruso . Surveillance video apparently shows Lord walking around the train station with two men following "  about 5 feet " behind her , according to Caruso , who had seen the footage . "  It looked like they were saying something to her , " Caruso said of the tape . "  She looked back and then she just kept walking , and that 's the end -LSB- of the tape -RSB- . " The Camden , Gloucester and Salem County medical examiner said the cause of death is undetermined due to the body 's heavy state of decomposition , but there 's no evidence of foul play , Laughlin said in a written statement . Investigators are n't able to conduct toxicology tests but are looking into whether other tests could determine how Lord died , Laughlin said . Collingdale , Pennsylvania , Police Chief Robert Adams said Lord was reported missing from his town . Adams said the young mother attended a party in New Jersey and never returned home . The family has said police were not helpful in searching for Lord . But Adams disputes that and said the case involved four jurisdictions and two states . Adams said Lord , who has a young son , was scheduled to appear in court this week on charges of aggravated assault and theft in a neighboring town . She had not gone missing before , he said . "  This is not the conclusion I was not hoping for . I was hoping she 'd be found in rehab or found alive and well , " he added . Lord 's family has said police were hesitant to get involved because of her criminal past : She was arrested in 2006 for possession of marijuana and was arrested on assault charges earlier this year , Delaware County court records show . But Caruso said Lord has been clean for six months , and had been reading the Bible daily and concentrating on being a mother to her 3-year-old son . Camden Police Chief John Scott Thomson said in a statement Monday that his department "  worked closely " with Lord 's family in the search for Lord . "  In addition to investigative efforts and continuous radio police broadcasts , Camden City police officers were on foot , distributing flyers and searching with family members during yesterday 's discovery , " Thomson said . "  The Camden Police Department is assisting the Camden County Prosecutor 's Office with the investigation into Jenna 's cause of death . "	Jenna Lord , 23 , of Pennsylvania , was missing for two weeks Police said her body was found Sunday in a vacant lot in Camden Authorities are still working to determine the cause of her death
CNN  -- The first day of 2014 was a day to celebrate in our history -- it was the first time that all Americans could buy health insurance regardless of pre-existing medical conditions , thanks to the Affordable Care Act . But despite the good news , criticism of the ACA continues . Some Republicans have eagerly identified individuals who are not happy with the ACA . Sanjay Gupta : Better health not about Obamacare , it 's about you As 2014 -- a midterm election year -- dawns , it is time to ask : What does the GOP offer other than negativism ? What is the GOP alternative to the ACA , who would it help and who would it hurt ? Until now , the Republican war cry has been repeal , for which they have voted repeatedly . But ACA repeal is neither realistic , responsible , nor perhaps , even possible . The 10 titles of the ACA contain hundreds of provisions that reform Medicare payment , combat fraud and abuse , and improve health care quality . Many are already in place . Total repeal of the ACA would rip many threads already woven into the fabric of our health care system . Opinion : When will we get the verdict on Obamacare ? A targeted repeal of the less popular provisions of the ACA , the individual and employer mandates and some ACA taxes and fees , might be more feasible . But revoking the mandates would disrupt insurance markets and repealing the taxes will increase the deficit . Does the GOP have anything constructive to offer ? The answer , sadly , is not really . House Republicans have put forward two proposals -- the American Health Care Reform Act , sponsored by a majority of House Republicans , and Rep. Tom Price 's Empowering Patients First Act . Both are lengthy bills that largely recycle longstanding Republican panaceas . The American Health Care Reform Act would replace the ACA 's income-based tax credits with flat dollar tax deductions . Tax deductions are valuable to high-income Americans with high tax rates , but offer little or nothing to the low-income Americans helped by the ACA . The Empowering Patients First Act offers flat dollar tax credits that do not vary by age , geography , or health status -- all of which could influence health insurance premiums . These tax credits might almost fully cover the health insurance premium of a young healthy male , but would be essentially useless to an older , low-income family , which would be left thousands of dollars short of the cost of basic coverage . The American Health Care Reform Act touts health savings accounts as the solution to every problem , but tax-subsidized health savings accounts are also primarily of value to higher-income Americans and useless to Americans whose income is too low to be taxed and who lack discretionary income to invest in health savings accounts . As the media spotlight high cost sharing under ACA plans in the coming months , it should ask how much higher cost sharing would be under the GOP plans . Conservatives , such as John Goodman , champion very high deductible policies , and Republican proposals , unlike the ACA , do not limit cost sharing . By repealing the ACA , Republicans would reinstate pre-existing condition exclusions for many of the uninsured . The primary relief they offer to the uninsured with health problems are state high-risk pools . High-risk pools , however , are very expensive , and without massive federal support would be unaffordable to many Americans . Exclusion of Americans from insurance coverage would also likely increase under Republican proposals to permit interstate health insurance sales , which could drive a race to the bottom in state insurance regulation . Association health plans have a history of undermining state reforms aimed at covering individuals and groups with pre-existing conditions . Opinion : Why I signed up for Obamacare One can not imagine a GOP health care proposal that did not promise to place more barriers in the way of Americans injured by medical negligence who seek compensation . Although our medical litigation system could certainly use reform , proposals for change would reduce health care costs by only a small amount : half a percent , according to the Congressional Budget Office , including defensive medicine . Republican malpractice "  reform " proposals may be politically popular , but do not address our health care system 's real problems . The GOP does not promise that if you like your insurance plan you can keep it , and with good reason . The vast majority of privately insured Americans are covered through their work . The American Health Care Reform Act would abolish current deductions and exclusions for employer-sponsored health insurance . This would not only be one of the largest middle class tax increases in American history , but could result in millions of Americans losing employer-sponsored insurance . Whatever disruptions the ACA may cause in coming months , it moves us toward more comprehensive and affordable coverage for low - and middle-income and sicker Americans . The alternatives proposed by House Republicans would be very disruptive , and unsurprisingly , benefit the healthy and wealthy . Americans must ask themselves : Who offers the most needed reforms for our health care system ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Jost .	Timothy Jost : The first day of 2014 was a day to celebrate in our history Jost : Despite promises of Obamacare , Republicans are critical or call for repeal He says alternative proposals offered by House Republicans help the rich and healthy Jost : As high cost sharing under Obamacare will be discussed , just look at GOP plans
CNN  -- A family in Saudi Arabia has taken a genie to court , alleging theft and harassment , according to local media . The lawsuit filed in Shariah court accuses the genie of leaving them threatening voicemails , stealing their cell phones and hurling rocks at them when they leave their house at night , said Al-Watan newspaper . An investigation was under way , local court officials said . "  We have to verify the truthfulness of this case despite the difficulty of doing so , " Sheikh Amr Al Salmi , the head of the court , told Al-Watan . "  What makes this case and complaint more interesting is that it was n't filed by just one person . Every member of the family is part of this case . " The family , which has lived in the same house near the holy city of Medina for 15 years , said it became aware of the spirit in the past two years . "  We began hearing strange noises , " the head of the family , who requested anonymity , told Al-Watan . "  In the beginning , we did n't take it seriously , but after that , stranger things started happening and the children got really scared when the genie began throwing stones . " A local charity has moved the family to a temporary residence while a court investigates , the newspaper said . In Islamic cultures , a belief in genies , or jinns , is common . Genies not only appear in pre-Islamic fiction such as "  Arabian Nights , " but are also mentioned in the Quran . Many Saudis believe invisible genies live among them and are capable of demonic possession and revenge . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Every member of family alleges spirit lurks in home they 've had for 15 years Family said it became aware of the spirit in the past two years In Islamic cultures , a belief in genies , or jinns , is common
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Two George Washington Bridge security guards photographed sleeping on the job have been fired , according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . Two George Washington Bridge guards were fired for their on-the-job siestas . A bicycle tour operator who commutes daily over the bridge from New Jersey to New York snapped photos of the two guards on different occasions , and the photos were published on a New Jersey local news Web site . In one set of photographs by commuter Joey Lepore , taken during a Wednesday rush hour at 7:15 a.m. , a guard tilts his head downward and dozes . The other snoozer 's on-the-clock siesta is more brazen : he uses his arm as a pillow as he dozes at 10:15 a.m. last Monday . Before releasing the photos , Lepore hesitated , knowing it would likely cost the guards their jobs . But ultimately he decided the security of thousands outweighed the job security of two . "  If there 's two people on this bridge who do n't care about my safety and the safety of anybody who comes over this bridge , then I really do n't have an obligation to withhold what I have , " he said . Given the George Washington Bridge 's iconic status and huge traffic volume , officials have long cited it as a potential terrorist target . Lepore said he was moved to photograph the slumbering sentries after witnessing the same guard napping on three occasions . "  The first time I shrugged it off and said , ' I ca n't believe he 's sleeping , ' " said Lepore . "  The second time I was very annoyed . Third time -- that 's it . " Lepore said he later approached the guard , told him he had caught him asleep at his post three times , and said he had the photos to prove it . The profusely apologetic guard vowed it would not happen again . Three weeks later , it did happen again , but this time with a different guard , according to Lepore . Instead of discreetly taking photos from a distance , an indignant Lepore marched up to the guard 's booth and snapped away . The guard did not stir . The sleeping guards were employees of FJC Security , a security contractor used by the Port Authority , which operates the George Washington Bridge along with all other bridges leading into Manhattan . In a statement , the Port Authority sought to assure commuters it views security as an issue of utmost importance , and urged people to report holes they notice in its defenses . "  The Port Authority takes the safety of its passengers and facilities very seriously and has spent more than $ 4 billion on security since 9/11 . The Port Authority welcomes the public 's vigilance on matters of safety and security and we encourage our customers to contact us if they encounter anything out of the ordinary , " the agency said . Although the guards ' names were not released , the Port Authority said in its statement , "  The two guards have been fired by the security contractor , FJC Security . " FJC Security did not respond to CNN 's calls for comment . Fran Townsend , a CNN contributor and former Bush homeland security adviser , called the guards ' naps a serious lapse . "  It is unacceptable , particularly given the experience the Port Authority had with 9/11 , " she said , referring to the Port Authority 's role as the operator of the World Trade Center .	George Washington Bridge guards lose jobs after being caught napping on duty Joey Lepore says he took photos of one guard sleeping at post three times Guards worked for FJC Security , a security contractor used by the Port Authority
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Tuesday signed a law extending the presidential term , the Kremlin said , in a move many observers believe is designed to bring former president Vladimir Putin back to the nation 's top office . Some experts believe Prime Minister Vladimir Putin remains Russia 's real leader . Medvedev , Putin 's hand-picked successor , proposed the changes in November , starting with the next president . The new law extends the term of the president from four years to six . Medvedev also signed a law extending the term of members of the lower house of parliament , the Duma , from four years to five . Putin stepped down as president in May after two terms and is now prime minister . Earlier this month , Putin shrugged off the suggestion that Medvedev would step down to make way for his return when the law passes . "  The next election is in 2012 , " he said December 4 , according to the Interfax news agency . But his comments came after a three-hour televised question-and-answer session with the Russian public which reinforced some experts ' view he remained the country 's real leader . Putin has done call-in programs each year since 2001 , but this was his first one as prime minister , rather than president . Putin remaining in the chair this year , rather than yielding it to Medvedev , showed he still runs Russia , said analyst Yevgeny Volk , the director of the Moscow office of the Heritage Foundation , a conservative U.S.-based think tank . Tuesday , Medvedev also signed a law giving the Duma more powers over the Russian government . The Duma may now consider annual performance reports issued by the government . CNN 's Mike Sefanov contributed to this report .	Many believe change is designed to bring former President Vladimir Putin back Putin stepped down as president in May after two terms and is now PM Dmitri Medvedev proposed in November that head of state 's term be lengthened
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Four Italian journalists kidnapped by unknown assailants in Libya have been freed , Italy 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Maurizio Massari told CNN on Thursday . They were "  saved by two Libyans , two boys to whom we owe everything , " one of the journalists said Thursday . "  I 'm alive , well and free . Until an hour ago , I thought I was dead , " the reporter , Sono Domenico Quirico , said , according to his newspaper La Stampa . Another of the journalists , Elisabetta Rosaspina , told CNN they were kidnapped in Tripoli between Martyrs Square and Moammar Gadhafi 's compound . Earlier reports said they had been abducted 80 kilometers  about 50 miles  from Tripoli . Claudio Monici , a correspondent for the newspaper Avvenire , said they were seized by the Libyan army and "  other people with guns . " "  We understood that they were very angry . Their eyes had blood , " he said , saying some of their captors said : "  You are Italian . You are from NATO . You are bombing us . " Monici saw their captors kill their Libyan driver , he said . "  He understood that it was his last moment . We saw them kick him and kill him ... When they shot at him I saw that he was praying ... I saw that his lips were moving , " he told Sky News . Massari said while it was unclear who captured the journalists , the ministry assumed it was pro-Gadhafi forces . All of the journalists , from prominent Italian daily newspapers , were well , Massari said Wednesday . He did not elaborate . Paolo Alfieri , foreign editor of the newspaper Avvenire , identified the four as Rosaspina and Giuseppe Sarcina from the newspaper Corriere della Sera , Quirico from La Stampa , and Monici from Avvenire . Alfieri told CNN that those holding the journalists had allowed Monici to make a call to his newsroom . Alfieri said Monici 's voice was "  calm " during the call , and Monici reported that at the time he and the others were "  well . " The call lasted about five to six minutes , Alfieri said , and Monici asked him to alert the Italian Foreign Ministry and the other newspapers . Monici did not say anything about what the kidnappers were demanding . CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome and Sara Sidner in Tripoli contributed to this report	NEW : The journalists were saved "  by two Libyans to whom we owe everything , " one says NEW : They saw their driver killed , another says One of the journalists called his newspaper and reported that the four were beaten
CNN  -- He might have been best known for his acting career , but Robin Williams , who has died aged 63 , was a cycling fanatic who counted among his friends Lance Armstrong and five-time Tour de France winner Eddy Merckx . When he was once asked how many bikes he owned , Williams quipped "  too many to count " and he was an avid follower of the professional cycling scene . British-based Team Sky , which has dominated the sport in recent years with Tour de France winners Bradley Wiggins and Chris Froome , was quick to pay tribute on its official Twitter feed . " #RIPRobinWilliams . Thanks for the laughs , we were honoured to have your support . Our thoughts go to family & friends , " it read . Williams ' interest in the sport appeared to be inspired by Armstrong , who was stripped of his seven Tour de France wins after admitting to using performance enhancing drugs in 2012 . The Hollywood funnyman took part in the Ride for the Roses charity event in Texas , which was organized by Armstrong 's foundation and Williams was a regular supporter on the Tour de France . During a rest day of the 2002 Tour , Williams even rode out with Armstrong and his U.S. Postal team , proudly donning the squad 's kit . Through his appearances at cycling 's most famous race , Williams also got to know Belgium legend Merckx , who dominated the sport in the 1970s with a string of victories in all of the major tours and one-day classics . "  I am shocked at Robin Williams ' death , " Merckx was quoted on a Belgian radio station VRT Tuesday . "  He had a great sense of humor and he was a cycling fanatic . He was above all a big friend of Lance Armstrong , but he knew me and what I had won . "  If you are a cycling fanatic then you 've heard of Merckx . I 've cycled with him a few times over in America , " the 69-year-old added . Armstrong took to Twitter to pay his tribute : "  RIP Robin . I will always remember you as one hell of a friend . I love you and will miss you terribly , " he tweeted . Complete coverage on Robin Williams	Robin Williams was an avid follower of cycling Actor was a regular on charity cycling rides Supported Lance Armstrong on the Tour de France Team Sky pays tribute to Williams
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court delayed a decision on whether to accept an appeal from a Georgia death row inmate who has gained international support for his claims of innocence in the the murder of a Savannah police officer two decades ago . Troy Davis ' case has earned the support of leaders including the pope and former President Jimmy Carter . The justices were scheduled to announce Monday whether they would take the case of Troy Davis , but no order was released . The court is expected to take up the matter again in September . Last fall , the Supreme Court granted Davis a stay of execution two hours before he was to be put to death . A month later , the justices reversed course and allowed the capital punishment to proceed , but a federal appeals court issued another stay . The high court 's latest delay means Davis will continue to sit on death row . Watch a report on Davis ' long fight " His supporters Monday delivered about 60,000 signatures in petitions to Chatham County , Georgia , District Attorney Larry Chisolm , calling for a new trial . "  This delay is an indication that the Supreme Court is concerned by the gravity of Troy Davis ' innocence claims , " said Laura Moye , director of Amnesty International USA 's Death Penalty Abolition Campaign . "  We will continue to call on all authorities , including the Supreme Court , to finally hear the evidence that has motivated hundreds of thousands of people worldwide to raise their voices and demand justice . " Davis has always maintained his innocence in the 1989 killing of Officer Mark MacPhail . Witnesses claimed Davis , then 19 , and two others were harassing a homeless man in a Burger King restaurant parking lot when the off-duty officer arrived to help the man . Witnesses testified at trial that Davis then shot MacPhail twice and fled . But since his 1991 conviction , seven of the nine witnesses against him have recanted their testimony . No physical evidence was presented linking Davis to the killing of the police officer . The Georgia Pardons and Parole Board last year held closed-door hearings and reinterviewed Davis and the witnesses . The panel decided against clemency . MacPhail 's mother , Annaliese , told CNN at the time , "  This is what we were hoping for , and I hope pretty soon that we will have some peace and start our life , especially my grandchildren -- my grandson and granddaughter . It has overshadowed their lives . " After the justices in October refused to grant a stay of execution , Davis ' sister , Martina Correia , told CNN she was "  disgusted " by the decision . "  It does n't make any sense , " she said . "  We are praying for a miracle or some kind of intervention . We will regroup and fight . We will never stop fighting . We just ca n't be discouraged . The fight is not over 'til it 's over . " Ten days after the high court refused last October to intervene , a federal appeals court in Georgia granted a temporary stay of execution . Since then , further appeals by Davis ' legal team have dragged on for eight months . Prominent figures ranging from the pope to the musical group Indigo Girls have asked Georgia to grant Davis a new trial . Other supporters include celebrities Susan Sarandon and Harry Belafonte ; world leaders such as former President Jimmy Carter and former Archbishop Desmond Tutu of Cape Town , South Africa ; and former and current U.S. lawmakers Bob Barr , Carol Moseley Braun and John Lewis .	Supreme Court ends session without hearing Troy Davis ' appeal Davis is on Georgia 's death row ; says he 's innocent Davis was convicted in 1991 of murdering of off-duty Savannah police officer Seven of the nine witnesses against Davis have recanted
CNN  -- In a bookstore , I saw a woman taking photograph after photograph of newly released titles that were arranged on a shelf . She was using her phone to take the pictures . I did n't understand . Why would anyone want to take pictures of books ? Then , at a restaurant , waiting for a table , I heard two men , also waiting , talking . One said he had just ended a frustrating day at the store he owned . "  Do they think I 'm a showroom ? " he said . He mentioned people who had come into his shop that day , had looked at the merchandise , had taken notes -- and then had left . "  Do they think I do n't know what they 're doing ? " he said . It is a relatively new phenomenon . Among retail merchants -- owners of stores both small and large -- it has a name : "  Showrooming . " No one showrooms by choice . And it represents a potential sea change in American life . Its implications are vast . As described in an article by reporter Amy Zimmerman in the Wall Street Journal , showrooming is "  when shoppers come into a store to see a product in person , only to buy it from a rival online , frequently at a lower price . " Say a merchant owns a retail store -- a brick-and-mortar store , on a city street . He or she hires staff , pays rent , writes checks for electricity and telephone service , pays for janitorial work , pays real estate and sales taxes , invests heavily in merchandise . And hopes against hope that customers will come in , look around and buy something . This is how the retail sales business has always worked . But in recent years , as online companies without a single physical store have risen to prominence , something new has occurred . People will come into stores , look around , stop at items they particularly like -- and instead of carrying them to the cash register , will take photos of them , or type a description into their smartphones . Then , in many cases , they will go home , enter the product into a search engine and find some online-only merchant -- a merchant who has no real-life stores -- who is selling the item for less money . A tap of the "  Enter " key , a few keystrokes to provide credit card information , and the item -- the item the person has examined and liked in the brick-and-mortar store -- is on its way to the buyer 's home . It 's all so effortless . The online merchant wins . The purchaser wins . Who loses ? You know the answer . The loser is the owner of that real-life store : the person who has stocked the merchandise , hired the staff , paid to keep the store cool in summer and warm in winter , written the rent checks and the tax checks . It is no wonder merchants are feeling frustration and anger that their stores are being considered as little more than showrooms by some shoppers -- showrooms displaying merchandise that , if the people wandering the aisles go home and buy from an online vendor , will provide not a cent in revenue to the owner of the real store . Do the customers ever look into the eyes of the proprietor of the store and wonder if this new way is fair to him ? As Brad Tuttle of Time magazine has written : "  Most consumers do n't really care how , or even if , a retailer makes money . All they care about is which one has the best products at the cheapest prices . The ideal situation is one in which they can inspect merchandise in person , and then buy it at the cheapest price without having to schlep it to and from the car , and without having to pay extra for delivery . " What 's the difference , you may ask ? Why does this matter ? It will matter when and if critical mass is reached , and online-only merchants , who do n't have to underwrite the expense of having traditional stores on city streets , reach dominance . Then , one by one , the stores that have unwillingly become showrooms for the online merchants will fold up . And the American downtown-and-mall landscape will begin to look barren . A doomsday scenario ? Perhaps . But "  just browsing " has taken on a different meaning in the context of shoppers who go home and use their computers ' browsers to find online retailers who will undercut the conventional stores . Last weekend I was in central Ohio for the annual charity race we hold to raise cancer-research money in memory of my late friend Jack Roth . I asked his daughter , Maren , who owns a women 's boutique called Rowe , whether she was familiar with the showrooming phenomenon . She said she has seen it with her own eyes , in her own store . "  If they tell you how much they like an item , and take a picture of it and then leave the store and you never hear from them again , it 's a pretty good indication that they may be going home and looking for a better price online , " she said . "  And if they call the store later and ask you to tell them the specific style name and number of the item -- then you really know . They 're putting the merchandise they saw in your store into a search engine . " It 's not just smaller merchants like Roth . Target , the retail-store giant , wrote a letter to its vendors this year that said , "  What we are n't willing to do is let online-only retailers use our brick-and-mortar stores as a showroom for their products and undercut our prices without making investments , as we do , to proudly display your brands . " What all this will eventually do to old-style stores is anyone 's guess . Perhaps they will be judged to have outlived their usefulness . In the meantime , merchants will continue to open their doors each morning in the hopes that the people who come in will really intend to buy something . There is a longstanding axiom that business owners are supposed to believe in : "  The customer is always right . " But in this emerging era in which people come into stores taking photos and making lists , with no intention to give the store owner their business , worried merchants ca n't be blamed if they look around their shops and ask themselves : Who , and what , is a customer ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : A new practice called ' "  showrooming " a threat to brick and mortar businesses He says shoppers take pictures of an item , or make notes , and then buy the item online instead He says running a store costly , how can merchants compete if shoppers "  showroom ? " Greene : Even big stores , like Target , worry . Showrooming may lead to stores ' demise
London , England  CNN  -- A controversial British Muslim cleric is threatening to stage a march through the town that receives the bodies of British war dead as a protest against the war in Afghanistan , drawing fury and outrage . Anjem Choudary has accused soldiers of "  murderous crimes , " and said the United States and United Kingdom are seeking to "  establish their own military , economic , strategic and ideological interests in the region . " British and American troops are suffering "  depression " as they realize "  there is no real moral or ethic  sic  reason for them to murder innocent men , women and children to fulfill their politicians  sic  agenda , " the preacher says . His organization proposes to parade empty coffins through the streets of the English town of Wootton Bassett , where the bodies of British war dead are traditionally brought when they return to the country . Relatives and friends line the streets of the town along with local residents as hearses carry the flag-draped British remains , in scenes of public mourning widely reported by British media . Choudary has not announced a date for his planned march and local police said Saturday he had not contacted them about it , as people planning marches are required to do before staging a demonstration . But the threat itself prompted more than 215,000 people to join a Facebook group opposing the march as of Monday , a day after he posted a letter online justifying it . "  The highway for heroes & wonderful people of WB do not deserve this march to happen , " the group 's home page says . "  This group can march anywhere it wishes in the country but have chosen WB to cause outrage & offense . Islam4UK is an extremists  sic  Islamic group & does not represent the Muslim community in this country . " Choudary 's open letter , "  To the Families of British Soldiers who have died or who are currently in Afghanistan , " appeared on the Web site of his organization , Islam4UK , on Sunday . The group had announced its intention to stage the protest earlier in a short statement on its Web site . "  The procession in Wootton Basset  sic  is therefore an attempt to engage the British publics  sic  minds on the real reasons why their soldiers are returning home in body bags and the real cost of the war , " Choudary wrote . "  The parades , the speeches about soldiers doing their duty and the feeling of patriotism has obfuscated the reality of the conflict and the murderous crimes being committed by the occupiers and their agents . The British public is blissfully unaware of what is being done in their name , " Choudary wrote . "  Afghanistan is not a British Town near Wootton Basset  sic  but rather Muslim land which no one has the right to occupy , with a Muslim population who do not deserve their innocent men , women and children to be killed for political mileage and for the greedy interests of the oppressive U.S. and UK regimes , " he said . Choudary signs himself "  UK Head of Al-Muhajiroun , " a banned British group which supports al Qaeda . Choudary spoke positively of Osama Bin Laden in the letter and in interviews with British media on Monday . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Sunday that there would be "  no support " for the march or Choudary 's "  perverted view of Islam . " "  I think most people in the Islamic community believe that those people who have adopted a perverted view of Islam to justify murder as terrorism are outside the traditional elements of what is a peaceful faith , " he said . "  The vast majority of the Muslim population in this country and other countries agrees with my view on this , " Brown said . Police in Wiltshire , the county where Wootton Bassett is located , said they had the authority to control the terms and conditions of the march or even to apply to ban it if Choudary took steps towards staging it . "  If the march or procession is believed to be likely to result in serious disorder , disruption or damage , then the police can impose conditions upon the organizer , " the police said in a statement . "  In exceptional circumstances , the police may apply to the Local Authority for an order prohibiting such a march . " "  To date there has been no contact from Islam4UK or any other group wishing to arrange such a march in Wootton Bassett , " they said .	Anjem Choudary accuses soldiers of "  murderous crimes " in Afghanistan He proposes to parade empty coffins through the streets of Wootton Bassett English town is where the bodies of war dead are traditionally brought when they return to the UK British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said there would be "  no support " for the march
Tune in to CNN on Sunday morning at 9 ET for live coverage of the Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. memorial dedication , 48 years after the March on Washington and his historic "  I Have a Dream " speech . Coverage continues Sunday night at 7 ET with a special look at King 's writings in the CNN documentary "  MLK Papers : Words that Changed a Nation . " CNN Student News  -- Program Overview Through rare access to the Morehouse College Martin Luther King Jr. . Collection , CNN 's Soledad O'Brien examines the personal determination and private courage and concerns of the preacher and civil rights leader . Objectives The CNN special : MLK Papers - Words That Changed a Nation and its discussion questions and research activity challenge students to : Research and interpret the words of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in a historical and modern-day context ; Discuss the relevance and significance of the King papers collection ; Examine Dr. King 's leadership through primary documents and eyewitness accounts ; Analyze the ideology and goals of Dr. King and the civil rights movement ; Evaluate the legacy of Dr. King . Discussion Questions 1 . What was the civil rights movement ? Who was Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , and what was his role in the civil rights movement ? What goals did Dr. King and other civil rights activists hope to achieve during the 1950s and 1960s ? 2 . Throughout the program , friends and colleagues refer to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. as a poet . What evidence did they use to support this characterization ? How would you describe the delivery and tone of MLK 's speeches and sermons ? For whom do you think that Dr. King wrote his speeches and sermons ? How did Dr. King use his words and his pulpit in his efforts to further the goals of the civil rights movement ? 3 . Other than delivering speeches , what methods did Dr. King and his followers use to further their cause ? What was Project "  C " ? What did King 's personal papers reveal about his strategies for achieving his goals ? Why do you think that Dr. King encouraged his followers to practice non-violence and passive resistance ? What role did India 's Mahatma Gandhi have in shaping Dr. King 's ideologies and strategies for social change ? 4 . How do those interviewed for this program describe the leadership style and qualities of Dr. King ? Why do you think that Soledad O'Brien describes Dr. King as "  an accidental leader " ? Based on what you learned in this program , how would you describe Dr. King 's leadership style ? Provide examples . 5 . What do Dr. King 's personal writings reveal about his private concerns and fears ? How did Dr. King respond to the challenges and dangers he and other activists faced during their civil rights struggle ? Do you think that courage is a necessary trait for leadership ? Why or why not ? What evidence of courage can be drawn from Dr. King 's private papers ? 6 . What was the Montgomery Bus Boycott ? What event provided the catalyst for the boycott ? According to friends and colleagues , why was Dr. King chosen as the "  consensus candidate " to lead the boycott ? What was the main goal of the boycott ? Did the bus boycott achieve this goal ? Explain . 7 . Why was Dr. King arrested in Birmingham , Alabama , in 1963 ? How was he able to secure the paper on which he would write "  Letter from a Birmingham Jail " ? According to the program , what messages did Dr. King hope to convey in this document ? Why do you think that this document has had such a lasting significance ? 8 . According to the program , why did Dr. King and other activists encourage teenagers to participate in the civil rights struggle ? What roles did teens play in the fight for civil rights ? Do you think that the strategy of using teenagers was effective at furthering the civil rights cause ? Explain . 9 . According to Rev. Wyatt Tee Walker , why did Dr. King 's "  inner circle " want to revise the "  I Have a Dream " theme for his speech at the March on Washington ? Why do you think that Dr. King chose to deliver the "  I Have a Dream " portion of the speech rather than the revised version ? Why do you think that some refer to this speech as one of the most important speeches in human history ? Do you find personal meaning in this speech ? Explain . 10 . What did the King papers reveal about Dr. King 's personal reaction to the church bombing deaths of four young girls on September 15 , 1963 , in Birmingham ? Why was this event significant for Dr. King , for the civil rights movement and for the nation ? 11 . How was Dr. King publicly recognized for his work towards achieving civil rights ? What do eyewitnesses and Dr. King 's private papers reveal about the significance of these awards for Dr. King and for the civil rights movement ? 12 . What was "  Bloody Sunday " ? What impact did this event have on Dr. King and the movement he led ? 13 . What events brought Dr. King and his colleagues to Memphis , Tennessee , in early 1968 ? According to eyewitnesses , how did these events refocus Dr. King 's efforts towards addressing the connections between poverty and bigotry ? 14 . How and where was Dr. King murdered ? How old was he when he was killed ? What was he able to accomplish in his short life ? How does his death continue to impact his friends and colleagues like Andrew Young ? 15 . How does this program 's treatment of Dr. King compare with other sources of information on the civil rights movement ? In your opinion , what is the value of examining historical figures through their personal papers and through the eyes of those who knew them well ? Why do you think that there has been such a huge effort to preserve Dr. King 's personal papers ? What , if anything , did you learn about Dr. King from this program ? 16 . The producers of this program organized it around select speeches and sermons from the Morehouse College MLK collection . From what speech , sermon or document did each of the following quotations come ? • "  There is a new Negro in the South . " • "  I am not afraid of the word tension . " • "  I have a dream . " • "  We must substitute courage for caution . " • "  I still believe that we shall overcome . " • "  The door that slams shut . " How do these quotations shed light on Dr. King 's hopes and fears ? 17 . The title of this CNN Special Investigations Unit program is MLK Papers -- The Words That Changed a Nation . Based on what you learned in the program , to what extent , if at all , do you think that Dr. King 's words changed the nation ? What do you think is the legacy of Dr. King ? In your view , what civil rights issues , if any , exist in the United States today ? What historical lessons explored in this program , if any , could be applied to modern-day civil rights issues ? Suggested Activity Examining the words of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. . Inform students that , in 1985 , Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. 's widow , Coretta Scott King , initiated a massive research effort to gather and share historical information about her late husband . This research endeavor , called the King Papers Project , seeks to publish a 14-volume series of Dr. King 's most significant letters , sermons , speeches , published works and unpublished manuscripts . Ask students : Why do you think that historians and researchers have engaged in this effort ? Who else might find such a definitive collection valuable ? Organize students into pairs , and have each pair consult print and online resources to select a different work either written or spoken by Dr. King . Instruct students to assume the roles of historians as they answer the following questions about their chosen documents : • When was the work written or spoken ? • Who do you think was the primary audience for the work , and why ? Do you think that there might have been a secondary audience ? If so , who was that audience ? • What do you think was the intended goal or message of the work ? • What is the tone or mood of the work ? What techniques , if any , did Dr. King use in the work to convey his message ? • What does the work reveal about life in the U.S. at the time when it was written or spoken ? • How might different groups of people have interpreted this work at the time when it was first written or spoken ? • If you had the opportunity , what questions would you have asked Dr. King about the work ? As students present their research , post each work along a civil rights timeline . Discuss each work in the historical , social and political context in which it was originally presented . Then , encourage students to examine the philosophies of Dr. King over the course of his lifetime . Pose the following questions for discussion : • What is the historical significance of Dr. King 's works ? • Do you see any patterns or changes in Dr. King 's ideology as expressed in works as time passed ? If so , how might those changes be reflective of the changes in society or in the civil rights movement ? • What significance do they have today ? • Do you think that the study of historical documents can provide lessons for addressing modern-day social , economic or political struggles ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? Curriculum Connections Grade Level : 6 - 12 , College Subject Areas : U.S. History , Civics , Government , Current Issues Historical Thinking Standard 4 - Historical Research Formulate historical questions from encounters with historical documents , eyewitness accounts , letters , diaries , artifacts , photos , historical sites , art , architecture , and other records from the past . Interrogate historical data by uncovering the social , political , and economic context in which it was created ; testing the data source for its credibility , authority , authenticity , internal consistency and completeness ; and detecting and evaluating bias , distortion , and propaganda by omission , suppression , or invention of facts . U.S. History Standards Standard 4 : The struggle for racial and gender equality and for the extension of civil liberties . Standard 4A : The student understands the "  Second Reconstruction " and its advancement of civil rights . Analyze the leadership and ideology of Martin Luther King , Jr. and Malcolm X in the civil rights movement and evaluate their legacies . The National Standards for History  http://www.sscnet.ucla.edu/nchs/standards/  are published by the National Center for History in the Schools  http://www.sscnet.ucla.edu/nchs/  .	Students will discuss the historical significance of the King papers collection Students will analyze the goals of Dr. King and the civil rights movement Students will evaluate the legacy of Dr. King
So ill he could not move , Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart supposedly sang parts of his final masterpiece , "  Requiem , " from his deathbed . Two centuries later , the exact cause of the Austrian composer 's premature death , in December 1791 at age 35 , is still a mystery . This portrait by painter Johann Georg Edlinger , showed Mozart not long before his mysterious death in 1791 . Theories abound . It 's known that his entire body was so swollen he could n't turn over in bed ; some say jealous rivals poisoned him , while others suggest scarlet fever , tuberculosis , or lethal trichinosis from undercooked pork . Now , new evidence points to an altogether different conclusion : Mozart may have died from kidney damage caused by a strep infection , possibly strep throat . Health.com : Ca n't stop coughing ? 8 causes of chronic cough Dr. Richard H.C. Zegers of the University of Amsterdam and his colleagues analyzed data from Vienna 's death registry . Researchers had not previously analyzed the daily death registry -- begun in handwritten script in 1607 and maintained until 1920 -- for clues to Mozart 's death . Zegers and his team looked at information for 5,011 adults who died during three consecutive winters starting in 1790 , as well as eyewitness accounts of Mozart 's death , according to the study published this week in Annals of Internal Medicine . "  By looking at the patterns of death during Mozart 's time and combining them with the signs and symptoms of his final disease , we have not one but two pillars on which our theory is built , " said Zegers . "  Although we ca n't be 100 percent conclusive , I 'm convinced that we have come very near the exact reason he died . " The researchers found that there were more than 500 deaths related to edema , the swelling caused by fluid in the body 's tissues . Edema was the third most common cause of death at the time , after tuberculosis and malnutrition/cachexia , a physical wasting-away that was possibly caused by cancer or diabetes . Health.com : Your nutrition needs in your 30s , 40s , and 50s During the winter of 1791 , there was a spike in edema-related deaths among younger men , possibly because of an epidemic of strep throat , according to Zegers . He and his colleagues suspect that the epidemic 's origin was the local military hospital , since crowded quarters are more conducive to the rapid spread of airborne bacteria such as group A Streptococcus , which can cause strep throat . Strep throat can progress to rheumatic fever , which can lead to heart valve and joint damage ; scarlet fever , which is characterized by a skin rash ; and poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis  APSGN  , a condition that causes fluid buildup throughout the body because of kidney damage . Health.com : How one doctor helps patients avoid kidney problems Strep bacteria 's serious side effects are why today 's experts recommend testing and prompt antibiotic treatment of strep , which causes a fiery red throat , severe pain and a high fever . However , most present-day throat infections are caused by viruses  in which case antibiotics are useless  , and they often go away without treatment or serious complications . Dr. Martin Schreiber , the head of the nephrology and hypertension department at the Cleveland Clinic , in Ohio , said that the researchers might be on the right track . "  Is this plausible ? Yes , " said Schreiber . "  But is it definitive ? No . " Contrary to previous theories suggesting that Mozart died in extremely rare circumstances , the new study does have a more reasonable conclusion based on what was happening in the community , Schreiber said . "  Using the most credible sources available from that period , they 're relying upon deductive reasoning . I 'm not sure if there 's a more scientific approach to doing this , " he added . Even though the death registry 's data helps shed light on Mozart 's cause of death , significant gaps still leave doubt . Many people witnessed the composer 's final days , but most of those accounts were published decades after his death . Historians have found no written accounts by Mozart 's physicians , and have relied largely on medical reports by a doctor who was familiar with the case -- but did n't treat the composer . Other sources used in the study include a biography written by the composer 's wife 's second husband , Georg Nikolaus von Nissen , and an eyewitness account given by Mozart 's sister-in-law , Sophie Haibel , 33 years after his death . Dr. Stephen Gluck , a nephrologist at the University of California , San Francisco , finds some faults with the new theory : There are no accounts of Mozart suffering from a sore throat in the last weeks of his life ; nor were there reports of high blood pressure or blood in his urine . All are telltale signs of APSGN . Gluck adds that APSGN now occurs mainly in children and is nonfatal in most cases . Mozart 's cause of death is listed on the city 's official registry as hitziges Frieselfieber , or miliary fever , a condition whose symptoms include a high temperature and rash . Zegers suggested this guess was made by a layperson instead of a medical authority because it was a term widely used to describe symptoms instead of an actual medical diagnosis . Although a rash is a symptom of scarlet fever , which is also caused by strep bacteria , it 's more likely that Mozart 's death was due to strep throat , Zegers said . None of the people who were with him during the last weeks of life reported that he had a rash , suggesting that he had the rash only at the time of his death . Scarlet fever 's rash shows up the first or second day after you get sick and then subsides within six to nine days , said Zegers , so that condition is unlikely to have been the cause of death . Health.com : Four things you did n't know about natural medicine What 's more , Mozart was reported to have had a fever in the fall of 1791 , which may have been caused by the initial strep infection , the researchers say . Some strep complications can occur weeks after the initial infection , and it 's possible that Mozart had a sore throat before or at the time of his death and it was n't recorded . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Exact cause of Mozart 's death , at age 35 in 1791 , is still a mystery In 1791 , edema-related deaths among younger men increased due to strep throat But there are no accounts of Mozart having sore throat in his last weeks of life
When the two bombs went off at the Boston Marathon , I was reminded right away of another April day torn apart by violence . April 19 , 1995 , began as a calm , clear day in my hometown of Oklahoma City , Oklahoma . I was a young college student at the time , aspiring to be a journalist . I was driving to work when I heard the news . Just then six Oklahoma State Toopers cars screamed past me , racing towards downtown . I went numb . This was my home . Things like this did n't happen here . In the days after the bombing , I contacted my family and friends to make sure they were safe . I also sought out survivors like Jennifer Robinson , who was living in the Regency Tower , which was a few short blocks away from the target of the bombing , the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building . She was just getting up for the day when the blast rocked the entire area , shattering windows and spreading debris . "  It scared me to death . I have no idea if everyone got out of my apartment building , " she told me . The blast left her homeless and without a car . I spoke with Robinson again a day after the attack in Boston , and she said the marathon bombing brought back memories of the Oklahoma bombing . Other fellow Oklahomans that I knew felt the same way , including journalist Clytie Bunyan , who was in the post office across the street from the Murrah building when the bomb detonated . "  It 's safe to say that -LSB- the -RSB- explosions in Boston do n't sit well with people here , " Bunyan said . "  People here have moved on with their lives , but naturally we remember our pain when things like this happen . And April is still a difficult month for some . " We felt a deep sense of loss and grief and came together in solidarity and support . People stepped forward and offered to help . Like Maj. Chris Fields of the Oklahoma City Fire Department , who had been on the scene for just 20 minutes when police officer John Avery found 1-year-old Baylee Almon in the rubble and handed her to Fields . Almon was one of the 19 children who were lost that day and the images of her little body carefully cradled in Fields ' arms became an enduring symbol for many . Eighteen years later , Fields watched some of the coverage from Boston at his fire station in Oklahoma City and says the images struck a familiar cord . "  9/11 was a different scale , but this being right in a downtown area and you know , this hit a lot closer to home than 9/11 did , " Fields said . When he saw interviews with the first responders in Boston , he noticed that they answered questions the way he did that day . "  The images they saw were what I saw , " he said . Oklahomans have never been the kind to dwell on the past , but we wo n't forget the 168 people who died in the blast on April 19 and those who bravely survived . That day does not define us , even if it has become a part of our story . Through the years , we have moved on . We are not victims . We are survivors , and we have thrived . Fields reflects that healing in the wake of a terror attack like Oklahoma City or Boston takes a lot of time . "  It took a while , " he said . "  I 've done some counseling . It will never be just another day , but now I do n't dread it like I used to . It 's not something you forget , and it 's going to be with them for a long time . If you think you might need help , talk to somebody about that . That was something I did wrong . My heart goes out to them . " He adds that the definition of "  normal " changed for Oklahomans after the attack . Maybe Bostonians would feel the same way . But despite what we 've gone through , we are resilient , strong , and we wo n't let the actions of the perpetrators get to us .	Marcy Heinz : Boston Marathon bombing brought back memories of an April day in 1995 Heinz : The Oklahoma City bombing left many residents in shock and grief She says Oklahomans feel sympathy for Bostonians and for those who were killed Heinz : Despite the bombings , we are not victims ; we are survivors , and we have thrived
CNN  -- As prosecutors outlined more evidence in their murder case against fallen NFL star Aaron Hernandez -- and asked the court for more time -- his former coach said Wednesday he felt "  personally hurt and disappointed " by the case . "  I and other members of the organization were shocked and disappointed in what he had learned , " New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick told reporters in his first public comments since Odin Lloyd 's killing early on June 17 and Hernandez 's arrest nine days later . "  Having someone in your organization that 's involved in a murder investigation is a terrible thing . " Authorities have said Hernandez , 23 , and two other men picked Lloyd up from his Boston apartment shortly after midnight last month . Surveillance cameras showed the car at an industrial park near Hernandez 's North Attleborough , Massachusetts , home . Lloyd 's body was found in the North Attleborough industrial park later that day . Authorities have accused Hernandez of orchestrating the shooting death of Lloyd , the 27-year-old boyfriend of Hernandez 's fiancÃ © e 's sister . The former standout NFL tight end has pleaded not guilty to murder . Legal woes mount for former Patriots tight end As has long been his custom on football and other matters , Belichick was guarded in his comments Wednesday to the press , saying repeatedly that he could not comment on "  people involved in the judicial process . " The three-time Super Bowl-winning head coach did say that -- even though he was outside the United States when the story broke -- he , team owner Robert Kraft and other Patriot officials "  acted swiftly and decisively . " The NFL team released Hernandez , who had been one of its top offensive players , shortly after his arrest but before he was charged in court with murder . Belichick took pains to say that Hernandez 's alleged actions , as outlined by prosecutors , do "  not in any way represent the way that the New England Patriots want to do things . " The team continually evaluates its players -- from their on-field performance to their maturity and personal history off the field -- the coach said , before adding , "  We 'll work to do a better job of it as we go forward . " "  Personally , I 'm challenged by decisions that affect the team on a daily basis , and I 'm not perfect on that , either , " Belichick said . "  But I always try to do what I think is best for the football team . " Hernandez jersey exchange draws 1,200 plus The coach spoke the same day Hernandez appeared in Attleboro District Court , wearing a dark blazer , a white button-down shirt and handcuffs over his tattooed wrists . He stood on one corner of the courtroom , flanked by a bailiff , for what was supposed to be a probable cause hearing in his case . But Bristol County prosecutor William McCauley asked the judge to delay the hearing 30 days -- and keep Hernandez incarcerated in the meantime -- so that a grand jury could have more time to consider the case . The grand jury that was impaneled when the investigation began stopped its work at the end of June , McCauley explained . After a two-week break , a new grand jury is now convened to hear "  every case in Bristol County " -- including that of Hernandez , having heard from "  approximately two dozen witnesses " -- said the prosecutor . "  We have done everything in our power to present it as expeditiously as possible , " McCauley said . "  Requesting a further date based on the inability to have enough time before the grand jury , I think , is warranted . " A judge had ordered Hernandez held without bail soon after he was charged with murder . Since then , the prosecutor said , more evidence has been gathered implicating the ex-NFL player . This includes boxes of ammunition found in an apartment of Hernandez , and with his fingerprints on them , that is "  consistent with the caliber that was recovered at the homicide scene , " according to McCauley . Also , a magazine clip was found in one of Hernandez 's vehicles for a Glock .45 , the type of gun that authorities believe was used to kill Lloyd . The alleged murder weapon itself has not been recovered . "  There continues to be additional evidence , " McCauley said . James Sultan , Hernandez 's attorney , argued strongly Wednesday against delaying the probable cause hearing . Prosecutors "  made it sound like a slam-dunk case " against Hernandez soon after he was arrested and placed in solitary confinement in a southern Massachusetts jail , Sultan said . "  Now , four weeks later , the first assistant district attorney is not even ready to show this court that it can meet the probable cause standard to hold Mr. Hernandez , " the defense attorney said . "  The prosecution  is not entitled to proceed on whatever pace it might choose . " Judge Daniel O'Shea ended up siding with the prosecution , delaying Hernandez 's probable cause hearing until 2 p.m. on August 22 . "  I do recognize that four weeks is a long time for somebody being held in custody , " the judge said . "  But the charge is , amongst others , a murder charge . " The other two men who were allegedly in the car with Hernandez around the time of Lloyd 's death are behind bars as well . One of them , Ernest Wallace , has been charged with accessory after the fact to murder and has pleaded not guilty . The other , Carlos Ortiz , has pleaded not guilty to a weapons charge . Meanwhile , prosecutors also are trying to convince a grand jury that Hernandez is connected to the July 2012 slayings of two men in Boston 's South End , a law enforcement source close to the investigation told CNN on Wednesday . The grand jury looking into the slayings has been meeting for at least two weeks , according to the source . Giants linebacker arrested with knife in luggage , police say CNN 's Jason Hanna and Darius Walker contributed to this report .	NEW : Bill Belichick says he felt "  personally hurt " by Aaron Hernandez 's arrest NEW : He says the team tries to check its players ' backgrounds , but they are n't perfect NEW : Prosecutors ask to delay a probable cause hearing , so a grand jury can have more time NEW : A judge agrees to a delay until August 22 , over the defense 's vehement objection
CNN  -- A tractor-trailer clipped one bus carrying students back from a college visit and then struck another head-on , leaving three dead , Mississippi authorities said Tuesday . A teacher , school bus driver and the driver of the big rig died in the Tuesday afternoon incident near Calhoun City , authorities said . "  I 've been doing this for 41 years and this is the worst wreck with this number of people I 've seen , " said Calhoun County Sheriff Billy Gore . "  It 's troubling to see so many young kids so so frightened . " The school group was returning from a visit to the University of Mississippi , officials said . Mitchell Diggs , a spokesman for the University of Mississippi , said the group from Ackerman High School in Choctaw County was in Oxford for a typical admissions visit for seniors . The students later took a tour and had lunch before departing the campus around 1 p.m. , Diggs said . About 60 children were on the buses , and 10 were transported to area hospitals after the 2:30 p.m. collision , officials said . One patient was airlifted , Gore said . The rest suffered mostly bumps and bruises , he said . The accident happened on state routes 8 and 9 , which are combined for several miles . Footage provided by CNN affiliate WMC in Memphis , Tennessee , showed the damaged bus on a narrow bridge . The truck continued a few hundred yards before coming to a stop . Calhoun City is in north central Mississippi . The investigation is continuing . CNN 's Craig Bell and Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	NEW : Teacher , bus driver , truck driver are killed in Mississippi wreck , officials say A school group was returning from a college visit About 60 students were on the two buses
CNN  -- What has Big Bird ever done to Mitt Romney ?! Did a young Mitt try to meet Big Bird and Big Bird snubbed him ? Did Big Bird in essence give Mitt "  the bird ' ? Or was Romney just channeling his inner Oscar the Grouch ? For those who may have missed it , during last night 's presidential debate , Mitt Romney said that if elected president he would cut funding to PBS . He even mentioned Big Bird by name .  This is even more shocking because Mitt offered very few specifics on how he would cut the deficit other than slashing support for PBS . So what happens to Big Bird if Romney has his way ? Will Big Bird be laid off ? What jobs are out there for an 8-foot-2-inch yellow bird who sings slightly off-key ? Will Big Bird become part of the 47 % that Romney talked about who believe they are victims and are entitled to government funding ? And what about the other Muppets ? What will come of them ? How will they survive in this tough economic climate ? Entertainment : Celebs defend Big Bird To be honest , out of all of them , I think Bert and Ernie and Guy Smiley  who reminds me of Romney  will probably fare the best . I always suspected they were financially astute . They probably have stocks , mutual funds and maybe even some off-shore investments in places like The Cayman Islands . But what about the rest of the Muppets ? Is there any doubt that Cookie Monster is living paycheck to paycheck ? Will Cookie Monster turn to crime to support his habit ? Will we see The Count standing on the side of the road holding up a big sign that reads : "  Will Count for Food " ? I do n't even want to think what will happen to Mr. Snuffleupagus . What hope does a slow moving , wooly brown mammoth have in Romney 's America ? Ca n't Mitt sit with the Count and try to figure out a way to cut the deficit without cutting out Big Bird ? Maybe Mitt Romney and the rest us simply had a different childhood . To be brutally honest , when I was a child , my family could n't afford day care and often TV was a substitute for that . The neighbor upstairs would be around for emergencies , but my sister and I would be plopped in front of the TV -- and particularly "  Sesame Street . " Political Ticker : Big Bird mentions explode on Facebook Big Bird and the Muppets were not just a TV show to us -- they were , on some level , our friends . And more important , they taught us things before we ever stepped foot in school . I 'm pretty sure I learned about the letter "  C " from Cookie Monster . And there was the classic "  Three of These Things Belong Together , " teaching us about organization . And of course , Big Bird sang about the alphabet so that we understood that the ABCs were individual letters and not one long word . Apart from learning , Big Bird and his crew made us laugh -- from Ernie singing about his rubber ducky to Kermit the Frog singing about the struggles of being green . But Mitt Romney -- like the Grinch -- would take that all away from the children of America . OK , to be fair , PBS could exist without federal funding which amounts to about 15 % of its total budget . But funding has already been cut , and PBS has said this would eliminate programming in its smaller markets . Romney is not just after Big Bird -- in addition to PBS , he wants to cut all federal funding for the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities . Cutting all funding for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting , which helps fund PBS , would save only $ 450 million -- not much in the face of trillions of dollars . Is this really the place Mitt Romney should be targeting ? Romney said last night he would not raise taxes , would cut corporate taxes , not cut Medicare , not cut the defense budget and still reduce the deficit . Even a Muppet would call this fuzzy math . My hope is that Mitt will take a few minutes off the campaign trail and sit with children who are watching Big Bird , Bert and Ernie and the Cookie Monster . Watch the kids ' eyes light up as they see their favorite Muppet on the screen . Hear them giggle to the jokes or sing along in learning about the alphabet . Perhaps then , Mitt Romney 's heart will grow three sizes and he will give a reprieve to our 8-foot yellow friend . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Mitt Romney said he would cut funding to PBS , mentioning Big Bird by name Dean Obeidallah asks , will Big Bird be one of the 47 % who believe they are victims ? Obeidallah says Cookie Monster is no doubt living paycheck to paycheck He asks : Should public TV really be Romney 's target when it really wo n't save much ?
CNN  -- Many moons ago , when backpacking around Europe , I decided to treat myself to a gelato in the Italian city of Florence . It had been a few tough days of not really appreciating the art , architecture and history enough -- no matter how many hours I had devoted to museums . The feet were sore and the mind was well , over it . After all , at some point , ancient cathedrals all start to look the same . "  How many flavors ? " I was asked . The ice cream was beautifully presented in that Italian way that makes the gelati look soft , smooth and perplexingly weightless . In hindsight , the well-polished checkered tile floor and pristine , clear glass display cabinets should have alerted me that this was no ordinary gelati joint . Being greedy and indecisive , but mostly greedy , I opted for three . The attendant got her gelati scraper spoony thing and proceeded to lavish layer upon layer of lemon , strawberry and pistachio ice cream , to create the Monte Bianco of cones . My eyes were huge . They got bigger when she asked me to pay . The amount , it was lire back then , roughly translated to about $ 30 -- way out of budget for any tight-fisted backpacker , let alone an Australian . The only thing greater than my outrage at the cost was the look of disdain on the attendant 's face when I un-artfully negotiated the cost of the gelato down to around $ 10  still way too high in my opinion , but it was a tricky situation and I wanted to pretend I had at least some pride  . She artfully negotiated her scraper spoony thing around the ice cream and shaved off way more than two thirds , leaving me with the undernourished , poor cousin of what was once a giant gelato cone . Lesson learned . Do n't order more than you can afford and avoid posh , well-positioned shops near tourist sites . And do n't do pistachio . Among gelati royalty , lemon , or limone , remains king and queen . British tourists stung A similar lesson hit a group of British tourists this week in Rome , according to media reports . They got stung 64 euros  $ 84  for four gelati . Chicken feed , I say when compared to my ice cream incident , at a smidgen over $ 20 per gelato . According to one report , the Via della Vite managers confirmed the cost of the treats and defended the pricing , saying they were large ice creams . "  No one forced them to order big ice creams . We also serve small ones which only cost â ‚ ¬ 2.50  $ 3.30  . But if you want a lot of ice cream then it is worth the price . And the prices are displayed everywhere , " a manager told the UK 's The Daily Telegraph . According to the report , the tourists coughed up the money . "  And when we paid up , they did n't even say thank you , " Mr Bannister , of Birmingham was quoted as saying . You 'd hope it was pretty tasty . This leads to this question , what has been your biggest travel rip off ? Sure , we all moan about costs of visas  I am singling you out , Uncle Sam and your $ 160 non-refundable visa processing fee . Oh , and you too , Mr $ 250-a-day Bhutan  , international phone roaming and hotel Wi-Fi but often those charges are simply unavoidable . It is the ones we are not prepared for , such as a super dooper pricey ice cream cone , that often sting us most . We 've all had our own version of the Great Firenze Incident of 2000 , so get out the gelati spatula and serve up your greatest , or worst , travel rip off in the comments box below .	British tourists charged $ 84 for four gelati in Rome Some travel related charges like visas are unavoidable It 's the avoidable rip offs that sting travelers most What 's your worst travel rip off ?
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Six students were wounded when unknown assailants tossed a hand grenade into a school in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi , hospital staff said Wednesday . The blast occurred during break time at the Mahd al-Maarefa school . In a statement on its Facebook page , Benghazi 's al-Jalaa hospital said it had received the students , some of them between the ages of 13 and 17 . It quoted a student as saying the hand grenade was thrown into the school from outside its walls , injuring students in the legs . Blasts and assassinations are not uncommon in Benghazi , the cradle of Libya 's 2011 uprising and where U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in an attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in September 2012 . But they have mainly targeted security officials . Attacks on schools are rare . Two and a half years after the fall of Moammar Gadhafi , Libya 's weak authorities are struggling to impose order and control heavily armed former rebels , militias and militants who fought to oust the dictator . Militia brigades often take the law into their own hands as they fight turf wars , and they have refused to lay down their weapons .	Assailants threw a hand grenade into a school in Benghazi A hospital says the attack happened during school break time Blasts are not uncommon in the eastern Libyan city , but school attacks are rare Libyan authorities are struggling to impose order in a country awash with weapons
CNN  -- Rat , meet Spaceman Spiff . It 's not a collaboration Stephan Pastis imagined in his wildest imagination . And , as any reader of Pastis ' comic strip "  Pearls Before Swine " knows , Pastis has a pretty wild imagination . But there was the proof , in black and white  and , in many newspapers and online , full color  : "  Pearls ' " Rat and Pig sharing panels with the work of "  Calvin and Hobbes " legend Bill Watterson , creator of the mischievous boy , his stuffed tiger and countless space - and time-defying alter egos . "  Calvin and Hobbes " creator returns for a comics cameo For Pastis , a huge "  Calvin and Hobbes " fan , the partnership was never less than intimidating . "  Just working with him , I was so scared at all points , " he told CNN in a phone interview . "  What if he thought , ` He 's not as funny as I thought he was ? ' At every point , I thought he would go away , and what proof I would have that this ever happened ? " For Pastis , who usually works several months in advance , the strips came together remarkably quickly . He and Watterson first got in touch April 11 , the day Pastis had a strip that falsely portrayed him as the author of "  Calvin and Hobbes " in order to get a woman in bed . Some time earlier , he had been told by a mutual friend , Washington Post cartoonist Nick Galifianakis , that Watterson had been wanting to get in touch . Watterson is a longtime "  Pearls " fan , the "  Calvin and Hobbes " cartoonist told The Washington Post . "  Several years ago , when Stephan did one of his strips that mocked his own drawing ability and mentioned my strip in comparison , I thought it might be funny for me to ghost ` Pearls ' sometime , just to flip it all on its head , " Watterson said . Watterson and Pastis finally exchanged e-mails and Watterson suggested doing something together . "  I got that e-mail on a Friday . I think I literally stood up at the couch , " Pastis recalls . It may seem like an unlikely pairing . Pastis regularly features himself as a character in his strip and enjoys touring the country , promoting it and his "  Timmy Failure " series of children 's books . Watterson is known as reclusive and private ; there 's just one known picture of him in existence . Pastis would be the first to tell you that he 's not the world 's greatest artist , and his characters -- Rat , Pig , Goat and Zebra -- are drawn with blunt simplicity . Watterson is one of the finest draftsmen to ever pick up a pencil . And Watterson , Pastis learned , is n't the most tech-savvy artist . The "  Pearls " cartoonist thought they could exchange work online , but Watterson wanted to use actual hand-delivered mail . "  I talked him out of that because I was so scared , " says Pastis , noting that any Watterson drawings would be worth thousands . But electronic collaboration had its own challenges . "  He could not set the scanner to get rid of the pencil lines . He had trouble even putting  his work  on the scanner straight . He had trouble with e-mail attachments , " he says . But Pastis reveled in the trade-offs . "  That part of it was funny . With anyone else it would be frustrating . With Bill , I cherished every e-mail . " Then came the matter of maintaining the secret . It was n't easy , especially since Pastis was a finalist for the Reuben Award -- cartooning 's highest honor -- this year . The group met in May for its annual honors , and it was all Pastis could do not to scream the news from the heavens . "  I 'm in a room with 200 cartoonists . You know how hard it is not to say , ` Hey , Bill Watterson is drawing my strip ' ? " he says . When Watterson 's contributions started appearing on Wednesday , eagle-eyed readers may have recognized the style and lettering -- particularly in Thursday 's strip , which was full of Martians and robots , "  Calvin " favorites . But Pastis suspects many fans were thrown off by Friday 's strip , which included two voluptuous women who looked like "  Archie 's " Betty and Veronica . The reaction to the news has been tremendous , says Pastis . His blog and the "  Pearls " comics page each did 10 times their normal traffic . It was enough to blow out a server at Universal Uclick , his syndicator . Now that the Rat is out of the bag , the strips will be auctioned off . Indeed , a primary reason for Watterson 's involvement was his activity with Team Cul de Sac , a charity co-founded by cartoonist Richard Thompson , who suffers from Parkinson 's . And Watterson may not be as reclusive as his image suggests . Besides his work with "  Pearls " and Team Cul de Sac , he 's also given an interview to Mental Floss magazine . He may not be returning to daily fare , but it 's not like he 's turned into a hermit . In fact , after their long-distance collaboration -- which was done entirely through e-mail , without so much as even one phone call -- Pastis finally got to meet his hero last week in Washington when they went to visit Thompson . The pair spent hours talking about Charles Schulz -- a mutual influence -- the challenges of the comic strip business , and simply the wonders of humor . Watterson is "  quick to laugh , " says Pastis . "  When you make him laugh , he really laughs . " And Pastis could n't be happier . "  I 'm still on Cloud 9 , " he says . "  I will never top this . "	"  Calvin and Hobbes " cartoonist Bill Watterson emerges in "  Pearls Before Swine " "  Pearls " cartoonist Stephan Pastis says the collaboration came quickly The two communicated long-distance to do strips Artwork will be used as fund-raiser for Team Cul de Sac charity
CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council signed off Thursday on a 12,600-member peacekeeping force in Mali that will be authorized "  to use all necessary means " to protect civilians and cultural artifacts . "  We know it 's going to be a fairly volatile environment , " Herve Ladsous , the U.N. undersecretary for peacekeeping operations , said . The resolution was proposed by France , which deployed about 4,000 troops to Mali in January to drive out Islamist militants who attempted to take control of the country . The peacekeeping force -- known as the U.N. Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali -- will take over July 1 and include some 6,000 troops from Chad and other West African nations already providing security in the country , according to the resolution adopted by the Security Council . "  This is not an enforcement mission . This is not an anti-terrorist operation , " Ladsous said . Rather , he said , the mission will help Malian authorities restore constitutional order and governance . Elections there are set for July . Islamic extremists with links to al Qaeda carved out a large portion of northern Mali last year , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup in March 2012 . France took military action this year after the militants began to push into the southern portion of the country . The militants banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television , and destroyed historic tombs and shrines in the region . World leaders feared that militants would turn the area into a terrorist haven . The Security Council resolution provides for a peacekeeping force for 12 months . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	A U.N. Security Council calls for peacekeepers to takeover in July The force will including 6,000 troops from Chad and other West African nations "  We know it 's going to be a fairly volatile environment , " a U.N. official says
CNN  -- If you ca n't stand the heat , get out of the kitchen -- or so the saying goes . But in the pressure cooker atmosphere of the White House , where world-changing decisions are made on a daily basis , the kitchen could well be the coolest room in the building . The chef feeding the most powerful man on the planet uses few words as she kneads , stirs , and whips ; her style likened to a "  baseball coach " who calmly relays orders through hand signals . "  I think ` baseball coach ' is a great analogy because everybody has their own positions , everybody has their own plays to make , " says Chef Cristeta Comerford , in an accent that wavers between her native Philippines , and adopted home of Chicago . "  You look at everyone 's strengths , everyone 's abilities and knowledge . So hopefully towards the end of your meal you hit a home run because you 're basically trying to rally your team to be the best at whatever they do . " While foul-mouthed celebrity chefs like Gordon Ramsay and Marco Pierre White have made a name for themselves as the genius "  enfant terribles " of the culinary world -- serving up incomparable food with dollops of expletives -- Comerford takes a different approach . "  I think of the skills you need to be a White House chef , talent is number one , " says the woman who admits if she was to have any other job , it would be as a missionary . "  But at the same time , temperance and the way you treat your co-workers would be up there as well . At the end of the day , whatever you do and whatever your mission is , it 's only successful because of your team . " Question Comerford on her famous bosses preferred foods , and her lips are sealed . Perhaps discretion -- as well as talent -- is part of the secret to her success . "  When you work hard as the president , no matter who you are , my job as the White House chef is to make sure that when they get home they 're very comfortable , and they 're happy with the food they 're served , " she said . "  It 's really a matter of knowing each of them individually : Do they like their pizza with thick or thin crusts ? What vegetables do they prefer ? That kind of thing . " All the president 's chefs For almost two decades , Comerford has worked behind the scenes making sure the president , his family , and high-profile guests are so well fed they need n't give it a second thought -- they have enough on their plates as it is . The 51-year-old has served under three presidents -- joining the Clinton administration as a sous chef in 1995 , before the Bush government appointed her to the top job of executive chef in 2005 . It 's a position she 's held throughout Barack Obama 's two terms , the president heralding a new era of sustainable and seasonal food growing , different from his predecessors . Before she begins any meal , Comerford now turns to the White House 's South Lawn to assess what 's on offer -- harvesting fresh vegetables , herbs , and even honey from the hive . "  We have beautiful produce growing basically in our backyard , calling our name and saying ` hey , I 'm ready to be cooked today , ' " she says , her voice warm with affection for the patch of land , which since it was first sown by Michelle Obama in 2009 , has almost doubled in size to 1,500 sq ft. In a cooking session with CNN Leading Women presenter Isha Sesay , Comerford found inspiration from "  Michelle 's Garden , " picking fresh tomatoes , zucchini , and thyme for a summer vegetable crostata  full recipe below  . "  We do a lot of healthy cooking for the First Family , " says the mother of a 13-year-old daughter . Though in a country where over two thirds of adults are overweight or obese , it seems not everyone is taking her lead . The seasoned chef does n't measure her ingredients -- "  After 20 or 30 years in the business , all the recipes just kind of get in there , " she says , pointing to her head . "  It 's only the pastry chefs who measure things . The savory chefs , we just kind of wing it . But it all works out in the end . " Salad girl to White House chef Feeding the U.S. president is a long way from Comerford 's first job working as a "  salad girl " in Chicago hotels -- then a 23-year-old newly-arrived to the U.S. . Her older brother Juanito Pasia remembers driving her to-and-from work at the Sheraton hotel near O'Hare Airport in his blue Ford van , where she would make caesar and cob salads . "  Even though you start off as a salad girl , you know I think in every type of work it 's always good to work your way from the bottom up , " says Comerford . "  Because you kind of learn from starting out -- things like organizational skills , and just basic knife techniques . " She later moved to Washington D.C , working as a chef at two hotels , and doing a sixth-month stint in Vienna , Austria , where she learnt classic French culinary techniques . Then in 1995 , White House chef Walter Scheib recruited Comerford to work under the Clinton administration . With a change of president came a change of taste , and Scheib was fired by First Lady Laura Bush ten years later , after he "  failed to satisfy her stylistic requirements . " Around 450 people applied for the top job , which went to Comerford -- the first woman and ethnic minority ever to hold the position . Today , of the top 50 restaurants in the world , only three have a female head chef or owner . Stately affair This "  baseball coach " and her team of seven chefs need to keep their eye on the ball . At the White House 's recent African Leaders Summit , over 400 guests sat down in a lavish outdoor pavilion for a four course meal -- that 's 1,600 plates of food timed to perfection . The Pièce de résistance was Halal dry aged beef , raised in Texas , marinated in chermoula -- a garlicky herb blend used in Northern Africa -- and accompanied by plantain chips . It was one of the biggest events Comerford has hosted in her 19 years at the White House , and all the food that can be , is prepared two days in advance The menu however , is a delicate document requiring weeks of research into different guests dietary requirements , before it is given to the First Lady for approval . "  We still cook American food at its finest -- American regional cuisine and American products , " said Comerford . "  But at the same time we want to honor our guests by featuring different spices and things that are very dear to them -- hence the plantains . " Home cooking Growing up as one of 11 children in Manila , Comerford remembers "  everything pretty much revolved around the kitchen and kitchen table . There was always the smell of food , always the sound of food . "  As a third grader we were asked to start wrapping our first spring rolls . " The daughter of a school principal father and dressmaker mother  "  she made my wedding gown "  , she remembers visiting her grandparents ' farm where everything from fresh meat to vegetables was sourced from the backyard . Her kitchen today is still filled with tantalizing aromas -- though now it 's more likely to be her Irish chef husband John doing the cooking . After a long day feeding some of the most high-profile people on the globe , Comerford does n't like to spend longer than an hour on her own dinner . Though she does enjoy a specially concocted Irish/Filipino stew -- "  It 's full of potatoes and beef and fish sauce . It 's sounds kind of weird but it 's really good . " Whether she 's also served it to the U.S. president is another matter . -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- CHEF COMERFORD 'S SUMMER VEGETABLE CROSTATA Serves 6 . For the dough : 1 cup lukewarm water 1/2 tsp active dry yeast 1 tsp kosher salt 1 tsp sugar 1 tsp olive oil 1 cup whole wheat flour 1 cup bread flour plus extra for rolling For the filling : 1 large red tomato , sliced 1/4 inch 1 zucchini , sliced 1/4 inch 1 yellow squash , sliced 1/4 inch 6 mushrooms , sliced 1/4 inch 4 oz feta cheese , crumbled 1 Tbsp olive oil , plus extra for brushing 1 tsp chopped thyme 1 tsp chopped garlic Salt and pepper to taste Method : In a large mixing bowl , place the water , dry yeast , kosher salt , sugar and olive oil . Mix together and let sit for a few minutes until the mixture turns foamy . Add half a cup of the flour at a time using your hand to incorporate into the mixture . Once all the flour is added on and mixed , turn Onto a floured board . Knead for about five minutes until the dough is smooth and elastic . Set in an oiled bowl and cover with a plastic film . Set aside to rise until it doubles in size . In the meantime , using a large mixing bowl , toss all the cut up vegetables with olive oil , thyme , garlic , salt and pepper . When the dough is ready , place On a floured board and roll into a 1/2 inch dish . Brush with the olive oil , season with salt and pepper . Working an inch and half around the edge , place the seasoned vegetables , alternating the colors . Crimp the edge towards the center and brush with the remaining olive oil . Sprinkle the top with feta cheese . Cook at a preheated oven  425F  for about 20 minutes . Slice into portions and serve immediately . Serving suggestion : Top with young arugula salad , tossed with balsamic vinegar . Isha Sesay contributed to this report	Exclusive interview with White House chef Cristeta Comerford Cool-headed cook relays orders with hand signals , not outbursts Filipino started off as "  salad girl " working in Chicago hotels Pressure is on to feed hundreds of dignitaries at state banquets
The University of Virginia is suspending all fraternities and associated parties until January 9 following a Rolling Stone magazine article that described a student 's account of being gang raped and her frustration at trying to bring her alleged attackers to accountability . "  The wrongs described in Rolling Stone are appalling and have caused all of us to re-examine our responsibility to this community , " school President Teresa A. Sullivan wrote in a statement to the university community . "  Rape is an abhorrent crime that has no place in the world , let alone on the campuses and grounds of our nation 's colleges and universities . " Student leaders will hold a news conference at 10 a.m. Monday on the campus to "  give voice to the student perspective , " according to a Student Council news release . Participants include the Student Council president , the leader of the Inter-Fraternity Council and the presidents of One in Four and One Less , support groups for victims of campus sexual abuse . Rape is a longstanding issue on college campuses , but in recent years student activists , survivors and faculty have portrayed sexual violence as a cultural problem on campuses nationwide -- not just a series of isolated incidents . In September , President Barack Obama launched "  It 's On Us , " a campaign aimed at tackling the problem of campus sexual assaults . Several days ago , Sullivan asked the Charlottesville Police Department to investigate the alleged rape . "  There are individuals in our community who know what happened that night , and I am calling on them to come forward to the police to report the facts , " Sullivan wrote . "  Only you can shed light on the truth , and it is your responsibility to do so . " In "  A Rape on Campus : A Brutal Assault and Struggle for Justice at UVA , " the student told Rolling Stone an upperclassman invited her to a party at the the Phi Kappa Psi house in fall 2012 and seven men raped her over a three-hour period in a bedroom She did n't want to go to law enforcement but told the school 's Sexual Misconduct Board what happened , Rolling Stone reported . She said she became discouraged because she had difficulty obtaining statistics about campus sexual assaults and learned other students said they were raped at fraternities but with little or no discipline handed out , the magazine said . The article said , "  At UVA , rapes are kept quiet , both by students -- who brush off sexual assaults as regrettable but inevitable casualties of their cherished party culture -- and by an administration that critics say is less concerned with protecting students than it is with protecting its own reputation from scandal . " Rolling Stone said the school did n't decide to investigate the fraternity until administrators learned the magazine planned to write an article . The journalist who wrote the story , Sabrina Rubin Erdely , said Sunday on CNN that the student she interviewed , identified in the article as Jackie , was still traumatized but that the national response "  has been really gratifying for her . " After the first story ran , other students contacted Rolling Stone to say they 'd also been sexually assaulted at the University of Virginia . Those responses ran in a story with the headline "  Rape at UVA : Readers Say Jackie Was n't Alone . " Students will be on their Thanksgiving and winter holiday break during much of the fraternal organization suspension . Classes for the spring semester start January 12 . Sullivan said she was "  suspending all fraternal organizations and associated social activities . " Before the suspension is lifted , the school will assemble students , faculty , alumni and others to talk about "  our next steps in preventing sexual assault and sexual violence , " Sullivan said . She also said the university 's board of visitors will meet Tuesday to discuss the situation . University spokesman Anthony P. de Bruyn told CNN in an email Saturday that Sullivan 's order affected about 3,500 students in 31 fraternities , 16 sororities , seven multicultural Greek Council fraternities and sororities and eight Pan-Hellenic Council fraternities and sororities . The school has 21,238 students total , about 15,000 of them undergraduates , according to the school website . The fraternities and sororities are on private property , so the members living in the houses will not have to seek new living arrangements during the suspension , de Bruyn said . The university is also hiring an attorney to review the school 's policies on handling sexual assault complaints . The national office of Phi Kappa Psi issued a statement decrying all forms of violence but noting that , "  to our knowledge there have been no criminal investigations or charges of sexual assault brought against any member of the chapter . " It said the UVA chapter will respond to authorities . "  Phi Kappa Psi will fully cooperate with the administration of the University of Virginia in identifying and immediately eradicating any alleged or proven misconduct , " the statement said .	University of Virginia students to hold news conference Monday morning The university 's board of visitors will meet Tuesday to discuss policies on sex assault In a Rolling Stone article , a student said she was gang raped at a fraternity party The University of Virginia has suspended all fraternal parties until January 9
CNN  -- ISIS is looking to take over a good chunk of the Middle East -- if not the entire Muslim world . At least , that 's the message the terrorist movement is sending in its English online magazine , Dabiq . In Dabiq 's first issue , which debuted in early July , the magazine declared that a "  new era has arrived " for Muslims . Photographs in the webzine of ISIS militants in American armored vehicles rolling through Iraq seemed to buttress that claim . Graphic photos of dead soldiers from Iraqi forces litter the pages of each of the issues of Dabiq , and articles detail skirmishes across Iraq and Syria . Each issue of the magazine -- there have been four so far , appearing at roughly monthly intervals -- starts with a foreword that contains an inspirational message for readers , before diving into longer pieces that extol the virtues of ISIS and provide updates on the group 's military campaign . ISIS members fervently believe that they have established a true "  caliphate " in the areas that they control , a supposed distant echo of the perfect Islamic rule of the Prophet Mohammed and his immediate successors in the seventh century . Overall , the magazine is quite religious in tone . Excerpts from rulings by Muslim scholars are included in every issue , as are religious rationales for the actions of ISIS . In the most recent issue , an ISIS writer reasoned that capturing women from the Yazidis , an Iraqi minority group , to use as sex slaves was acceptable under ISIS ' version of Sharia law , since the Yazidis are polytheists , a great heresy in Islam . Showing some convoluted logic , the ISIS writer also asserted that enslaving Yazidi women is a good way to stop adultery , since a man having sex with a concubine is legal under ISIS ' interpretation of Islamic law , but sexual relations outside of marriage with free women are forbidden . The magazines are also , unsurprisingly , highly sectarian , repeatedly showing images of Shia shrines and tombs that have been blown up by ISIS , a organization made up of members of the Sunni sect . ISIS believes these sites to be idolatrous . Iraqi Army soldiers -- who are generally Shia -- are referred to as "  apostates " and graphic photos of their executions by ISIS fighters are a staple of the magazine . Other articles aim to reassure readers that ISIS , which in June renamed itself the Islamic State , is an actual state that provides social services and reconstructs critical infrastructure . The magazine asserts that administrators govern towns after the main ISIS fighting force moves on and the most recent issue of Dabiq includes photos with captions showing "  services for Muslims , " including street cleaning , electricity repairs , care homes for the elderly and cancer treatment centers for children . The first issue of Dabiq even had a sort of classified ad for "  all Muslim doctors , engineers , scholars , and specialists " to come and join ISIS . The most recent installment of Dabiq asserts that two new wilayat , or provinces , had been established in the region where the Syrian-Iraqi border had once been . The magazine describes the new provinces as a successful step in "  eliminating any remaining traces of the kufri , nationalistic borders . " Pictures of a military parade celebrating the announcement accompany the article , along with pictures of a well-staffed checkpoint , a bustling marketplace , and ISIS police patrolling the area . In many ways Dabiq is not a new phenomenon . Osama bin Laden 's Service Office during the 1980s Afghan war against the Soviets produced a similar magazine , Jihad , which was widely available around the Muslim world , was translated into many languages and was principally a fund-raising and recruiting tool designed to encourage young Muslim men to travel to Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan to support the Afghan jihad . More recently , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula from its headquarters in Yemen has been publishing Inspire , another well-produced online magazine . Inspire , published for the past four years , clearly served as something of a model for Dabiq . Both are well laid out and feature graphics and photos prominently . The Dabiq feature titled "  In the Words of the Enemy , " where a helpful quote from an official or analyst from the West is included , is a direct copy of an Inspire feature . Dabiq 's most recent issue features a portion of U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel 's testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee in which he discussed how much of a threat ISIS is to the United States . But the two webzines share few similarities beyond that . Inspire was very much focused on recruiting lone-wolf jihadists and inspiring homegrown extremism in the West , but Dabiq includes only a few vague sentences about carrying out attacks in the West . Where Inspire included instructions on bomb-making and building weapons to carry our attacks in the West , Dabiq focuses almost entirely on the actions of ISIS in Iraq and Syria and encourages followers to join the jihad there . In the third issue of Dabiq an ISIS writer asserts , "  This life of jihad is not possible until you pack and move to the Khilafah , " meaning to leave your home and travel to ISIS ' areas of control in Iraq and Syria . The purpose of the Dabiq webzine is quite different from Inspire : It is to encourage and perpetuate ISIS ' successful insurgencies in Iraq and Syria , not to foster homegrown extremism or lone-wolf attacks in the West . That 's about the only good news that one can glean from Dabiq .	ISIS has published four issues of online magazine detailing its aims Peter Bergen says the group is stressing its territorial ambitions and sectarian approach Unlike al Qaeda , which recruits terrorists vs. the West , ISIS wants to be a state , he says Bergen : ISIS is focused on sustaining and extending its insurgencies in Syria and Iraq
