CNN  -- Two Texas lawmakers , upset that Houston was not picked as one of the retirement homes for NASA 's space shuttles , introduced legislation Friday that would bring the Discovery shuttle to the city for 15 years . NASA announced Tuesday the locations to receive the four remaining space shuttles -- three historic orbiters and the program 's test vehicle . The space shuttle Atlantis will be displayed at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex in Florida ; the Endeavour , at the California Science Center in Los Angeles ; the Discovery , at the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center in Virginia ; and the test shuttle Enterprise at the Intrepid Sea , Air & Space Museum in New York . "  The Smithsonian is America 's museum . Over the years of their history , they have readily loaned major U.S. artifacts to the American people . What better community to host an orbiter than Houston , Texas , " Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee , D-Texas , said in a statement . "  America is a great country . It is a fair country , and this is a solution that is both great and fair . " Houston is home to the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center , which is where NASA 's Mission Control Center is located . "  The goal of this bill is to reverse an unjust decision which would have an adverse economic impact on the city of Houston . The Johnson Space Center and its committed workforce have been a key component of the space shuttle program since it started in the 1980s , " said Rep. Al Green , D-Texas , who introduced the legislation along with Jackson Lee . Earlier this week , 17 members of the U.S. House of Representatives Texas delegation sent a letter to NASA Administrator Charles Bolden to express their disappointment and to say they were prepared to use their power in Congress to "  stop this wasteful decision . " The decision the lawmakers seem most concerned about is the one to send the test shuttle Enterprise to New York . The Enterprise now is on display at the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum . The Enterprise , which never flew in space , will be moved to New York so the Smithsonian can make room for Discovery . "  It defies logic for a shuttle to go to New York City , a place with no connection to NASA . It 's like putting the Statue of Liberty in Omaha , " Rep. Ted Poe , R-Texas , said in a statement . Housing a space shuttle is not just an honor -- it means money , according to the executive director of New York 's Intrepid Museum . Susan Marenoff estimates that once the shuttle is in place , her museum will see an additional 300,000 people and $ 106 million in economic benefit . That is a benefit Texans believe is rightfully theirs . Rep. Pete Olson , also a Texas Republican , bluntly reiterated that in a statement , saying , "  No city in the world deserves a shuttle more than Houston , certainly not New York . "	Houston is home to the Johnson Space Center and NASA 's Mission Control Center The city was not selected to receive a retired space shuttle The legislation would bring the Discovery shuttle to Houston for 15 years Communities housing the shuttles are expected to enjoy a tourist boom
CNN  -- A teenage student is facing a first-degree murder charge , with police saying that he followed through on a plan to kill the principal of his small private school in Memphis , Tennessee . Eduardo Marmolejo was charged in the death Wednesday of 49-year-old Suzette York , the Memphis Police Department said in a statement Thursday . A detention hearing was held on Thursday , during which Magistrate Judge Sheldon McCall ordered the suspect held without bail and also ordered a mental evaluation , said Chief Probation Officer Barry Mitchell of the Memphis and Shelby County Juvenile Court . Court-appointed defense attorney Autumn Chastain told reporters Thursday that "  it 's difficult for everybody right now . " "  It 's just a very serious allegation , " Chastain said . "  We need to know everything that 's going on in the case . " Police said the suspect is 17 years old , while Mitchell said he is 16 . CNN normally does not identify juveniles charged with crimes unless the juveniles are charged as adults . However in this case police have released his name under a Tennessee law that allows them to publicly identify juveniles charged with first-degree murder . Once the police publicly identified the suspect , CNN and other national and local media have reported his name . York was found Wednesday lying in a pool of blood at Memphis Junior Academy , according to the city fire department . Police , who responded to a call at 11:15 a.m. , added that she was pronounced dead at the scene , after succumbing to "  multiple stab wounds . " Memphis Police Director Toney Armstrong told CNN on Thursday that the suspect "  has been carrying a grudge all summer long " because the previous school year he 'd been switched out of a class that he liked . "  Basically , he conspired all summer as to how he was going to get revenge , " Armstrong said . According to Memphis police , Marmolejo told investigators "  that he did not like  York  and that she had made him angry . " Then he allegedly acted on his plans Wednesday , during the first week of school . "  He found himself alone in a classroom , ... and he attacked Ms. York , stabbing her multiple times resulting in her death , " said Armstrong . The city 's police chief said authorities have no indication Marmolejo conspired with anyone , either in the planning or in the execution of the alleged crime . He added , "  From what we 've been told , ... there were no red flags " to suggest the suspect posed a danger to others or to himself . York , who had been the principal of the school since 2008 , has a family in Memphis , said Marvin Lowman , communications director for the Seventh-day Adventist Conference in Goodlettsville , Tennessee . The school is affiliated with that church , said officials . "  It 's tragic all the way around , " Memphis Mayor A.C. Wharton Jr. said outside the school . Former student Kristen Bridges described York as an exemplary biology and math teacher . "  Past the teaching , she loved God , " Bridges told CNN affiliate WREG . "  And she showed that in everything she did . " Marmolejo 's next hearing , also in juvenile court , is scheduled for August 24 , according to Mitchell . CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Memphis ' police chief says the suspect carried "  a grudge all summer " Eduardo Marmolejo told investigators his principal "  made him angry , " police say The head of Memphis Junior Academy was found lying in a pool of blood The teenager is held without bond after a juvenile court hearing , a probation official says
CNN  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry had strong words Saturday for Russia over what he called its unacceptable actions in Ukraine -- and threatened additional sanctions against Russian interests . Speaking in London alongside UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond , Kerry said Russia was "  continuing to do land-grabbing in Ukraine " even as it professed to support peace efforts . Russia 's actions are "  just simply unacceptable , so we are talking about additional sanctions , additional efforts , " Kerry said . "  We are confident that over the next few days we are going to make it clear that we are not going to play this game , not going to sit here and be part of this extraordinarily craven behavior at the expense of the sovereignty and integrity of a nation . "  This is behavior that is completely counter to everything that the global community has worked to achieve and put in place ever since World War II , and I 'm confident that the United Kingdom , the United States and others are prepared to stand up to it . " He blasted Moscow 's repeated denials that it is involved in arming the separatists and sending its own troops over the border . In this age of technology and satellites , Kerry said , "  there is no secret " over what is taking place . "  We know to a certainty what Russia has been providing to the separatists , how Russia is involved with the separatists , " he said . Kiev and a number of Western leaders have steadfastly accused Russia of failing to rein in separatists and of continuing to arm , supply and train them . European nations , the United States and others have imposed financial sanctions on Russian interests in hopes of pressuring President Vladimir Putin to help end the hostilities . Russia , which seized Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula in March , denies any direct involvement in Ukraine and says any Russian soldiers in Ukraine are volunteers fighting during their vacation time Kerry 's remarks come as a ceasefire which came into effect last Sunday remains in serious doubt . A fierce separatist offensive to take the key strategic town of Debaltseve ended only Wednesday , when Ukrainian soldiers were forced to retreat . Yuriy Biryukov , a presidential adviser and assistant to Ukraine 's defense minister , said Saturday that 179 soldiers had died in the Debaltseve area between January 18 and February 18 . An additional 110 soldiers were captured and 81 are missing , Biryukov posted on Facebook . Some of the missing are still on their way out of Debaltseve , he said , while others have died . Late Saturday , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said 139 Ukrainian soldiers had been released from captivity . The release was part of a prisoner swap between Ukrainian and rebel forces in the eastern Donbass region ; 52 pro-Russian separatists were also freed , according to Russian state news agency Itar Tass . The toll makes the siege of Debaltseve -- a town now shattered by heavy shelling -- the Ukrainian military 's deadliest single incident over the past 10 turbulent months . Shelling has also picked up this week in Donetsk city and clashes are reported around the southern port city of Mariupol . Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council said Friday there had been 300 instances in which this latest truce has been violated . The ceasefire agreement -- signed February 12 in Minsk , Belarus , among the leaders of Ukraine , Russia , France and Germany -- aimed to curb this violence . It is supposed to be followed by the withdrawal of heavy weaponry to create a buffer zone , the release of prisoners and steps toward new elections . Months of devastating fighting has left nearly 5,700 people dead as of February 18 , the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights reported Friday . More than 1 million people have been displaced . On Friday , Ukraine marked one year since the bloodiest day of protests in Kiev 's Maidan , or Independence Square , against the country 's then Russian-leaning leader and in favor of closer ties to Europe . Some 49 people died on February 20 , 2014 , and close to 100 more suffered gunshot wounds when , according to protesters , government snipers opened fire on them . Two days later , President Viktor Yanukovych fled the country , prompting Ukrainian activists to declare "  victory in the Maidan " and promise a new day for a country long torn between its neighbors , Europe to the west and Russia to the east . How things have changed . Today , the country is a powder keg driving spiraling tensions between the West and Moscow . In Moscow , thousands of Kremlin supporters gathered Saturday for a demonstration to counter the Ukrainian commemorations . Many waved flags and banners as they marched near Moscow 's Red Square , while others chanted slogans including , "  We wo n't give our country to the enemy " and "  No Maidan in Russia . " In remarks Friday , Poroshenko claimed Russia had been working toward the breakup of Ukraine since before Yanukovych was ousted . "  Moscow was preparing to the liquidation and tearing Ukraine apart long before the victory of Maidan . They were expecting the fall of Yanukovych and accelerated the course of events , " Poroshenko said to the families of protesters who died a year ago . According to Ukrainian prosecutors , 77 people died in total during the 2014 protests , which were sparked by Yanukovych 's decision to scrap a trade deal with the European Union and instead turn toward Russia . The ensuing ouster of Yanukovych triggered more turbulence and violence . By March , Russia had annexed Crimea . Weeks later , in April , pro-Russian separatist forces launched their bid to carve off the more Russian-leaning eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions from the rest of Ukraine . In a speech to a London-based defense think-tank , the Royal United Services Institute , Britain 's senior officer in NATO warned that Russia 's expansionist ambitions could pose an "  existential threat " to the world . Russia is currently employing a "  hybrid combination " of "  coercion through rapidly generated conventional forces and subversion , through a number of means , both military and non-military , " said Gen. Adrian Bradshaw , NATO 's Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe . This hybrid strategy can be used to set the scene for a "  subversive takeover of territory , " as seen in its takeover of Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula last year shortly after large-scale military exercises by Russia on its side of the border , he said . "  We are today seeing conventional forces employed , albeit subject to continued brazen denials by the Kremlin , in eastern Ukraine , " he added . Russia 's new strategy holds particular dangers for NATO , he said . Firstly , the use of subversive tactics initially makes it difficult to identify clearly "  the hand of a hostile state government " in destabilization of a country , making collective decisions harder . Secondly , its ability rapidly to generate large scale forces "  could in future be used not only for intimidation and coercion but potentially to seize NATO territory , after which the threat of escalation might be used to prevent reestablishment of territorial integrity , " he said . And , Bradshaw pointed out , Russia is not the only threat to NATO states , citing also the danger posed by terror groups such as ISIS , also known as ISIL . "  Whilst the threat from Russia , together with the risk it brings of a miscalculation resulting in a slide into strategic conflict , however unlikely we see that as being right now , represents an obvious existential threat to our whole being , we of course face threats from ISIL and other instabilities to our way of life and the security of our loved ones . " CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh in Donetsk , Frederik Pleitgen in Kiev and Erin McLaughlin in Moscow contributed to this report . CNN 's Michael Pearson and Ben Brumfield , and journalist Victoria Butenko also contributed .	Ukrainian government and rebel forces swap prisoners U.S. Secretary of State says Russian actions are unacceptable , warns of new sanctions A senior Ukrainian official says at least 179 soldiers died in siege of Debaltseve
CNN  -- There 's no shortage of promising features expected in the next iPhone : A brand-new iOS 7 operating system , a better camera and processor , and possibly even a fingerprint sensor for added security . But the latest rumor is the most eye-catching . The next iPhone could also come in gold . Well , a classy gold-toned hue , anyway . According to recent reports in AllThingsD and iMore , Apple 's next iPhone will likely be available with a white face and gold-colored back and edges . So far , iPhones have only come in silver , black and white , plus an array of colorful "  bumper " options following the disclosure of its iPhone 4 antenna problems . The new color was described to AllThingsD as an "  elegant " gold tone -- "  think champagne , not ingot , " the source said . If these reports are true , once-rebellious Apple may be further embracing its products ' status as symbols of wealth . Selling a gold-colored iPhone could be popular in countries like China and India , where Apple and Google are fighting it out to be the dominant player in their still-booming smartphone markets . India and China account for 60 % of the global gold jewelry market , and the demand is growing , according to a recent report from the World Gold Council . "  Gold is a popular choice in many markets , particularly in Asia where Apple has a stated goal of growth , so this seems to be a natural move , " said Massimiliano Pogliani , CEO of luxury phone company Vertu , in an e-mail to CNN . "  Gold is a colour that is always in demand , whether for jewellery , watches or fashion . It is therefore a natural extension to Apple 's colour palette and something that perhaps nods to the premium end of the mobile phone market where Vertu is , " he added . "  Gold in colour falls short of using gold as a material , though . " Gold phones have been used to show power and wealth long before they became mobile or even cordless . In 1930 , Pope Pius XI received a solid gold rotary telephone inlaid with mother-of-pearl as a gift from the United States . A U.S. telecom company later presented Cuban dictator Fulgencio Batista with a gold-plated telephone , an event fictionalized in "  The Godfather : Part II . " Although many professionals in the United States seem to now own one , the sleek-looking iPhone remains an expensive status symbol in many places . The demand has created a market for counterfeit iPhones , and there are entire fake Apple Stores in China . Manufacturers have struggled over the past two decades to make luxury phones a must-have for people who want to flaunt their wealth . Nokia started its Vertu line in 1998 , producing an array of phones slathered in precious metals and diamonds . The company 's most expensive offering was a $ 334,000 gold and black feature phone framed by a diamond , ruby and emerald snake . Pogliani says Vertu customers are typically "  affluent , outward-looking global citizens " and entrepreneurs . The company 's single biggest market is China . Instead of building a phone from scratch , luxury retailer Stuart Hughes takes existing BlackBerrys and iPhones and creates new casings for them fashioned from gold , titanium and diamonds . A Chinese businessman commissioned a $ 15 million phone from Hughes . The resulting iPhone 5 is solid gold with 600 diamonds , plus a 26-carat black diamond for the home button . But phones are not watches or sports cars . The technology ages fast , and the devices get supplanted by faster , smarter models every year . These speedy development cycles mean the big spenders who coughed up thousands for blinged-out phones five years ago are stuck with devices that look good making phone calls but ca n't connect to the Internet . So a gold-colored iPhone could be a nice option for people who want to own the latest model and still stand out . "  It seems Apple -LSB- is -RSB- doing an anodized finish , which can look like real gold but unpolished like jewelry , " said Hughes , the luxury gadget maker , in an interview . "  I think if the Apple rumors are true , a gold phone will be beautiful . And that 's coming from me , who has made a massive run of them over the years . "	Apple 's next iPhone could be available for the first time in a gold color It is already possible to get a real gold iPhone for about $ 35,000 Gold phones may be an attempt to appeal customers in India and China Vertu CEO : "  Gold is a colour that is always in demand "
CNN  -- Golfer Rory McIlroy and tennis star Caroline Wozniacki ushered in 2014 by announcing their engagement on social media . In a sign of the times , they used their respective Twitter accounts to spread the news to their millions of followers , posting pictures of themselves with a ring . Northern Ireland 's McIlroy , who ended 2013 as the sixth-ranked golfer in the world , tweeted : "  Happy New Year everyone ! I have a feeling it 's going to be a great year !! My first victory of 2014 . shesaidyes !! " Former world number one Wozniacki , from Denmark , reported : "  Happy New Year everyone ! Rory and I started 2014 with a bang ! ... I said YES !!!! " The pair have been dating since September 2011 , but if media rumors were to be believed their romance has endured some difficult moments , particularly as both slipped down the rankings in their respective sports in 2013 . But the pair were clearly firmly an item when strolling down the fairways at the World Tour Championship in Dubai in November as the Dane followed McIlroy every step of the way in the European Tour finale . It also signaled a return to form for McIlroy , who ended the year by claiming victory at the Australian Open last month . Wozniacki also regained her place in the top 10 of the WTA rankings with her sole tournament win of 2013 coming at the back end of the year in Luxembourg . It served as promise that both will restore their respective fortunes , with two-time major winner McIlroy also looking to move back to the No. 1 spot now occupied by his Nike stablemate Tiger Woods .	Golfer Rory McIlroy and tennis star Caroline Wozniacki get engaged Took to social media as New Year began to make announcement Pair have been dating since September 2011 Both endured difficult 2013 seasons in their respective sports
CNN  -- "  Gone Girl " was that rarity : a best-selling book that was also well reviewed , earning spots on both The New York Times best-seller list and critics ' best-of lists . Will the movie starring Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike which opens Friday measure up ? ` Unfilmable ' movies ? No such thing , says Hollywood It 's hard to say . Early reviews have been positive , but some critics have reservations . The New Yorker 's Anthony Lane highlighted the differing needs of books and movies as the reason for his mixed review . While complaining about one of the film 's subplots , he observed , "  It comes straight from the novel , and you can picture the outcry if  director David  Fincher had chopped or changed it , but so what ? A director 's task is not to suck up to readers , or to flatter his source , but to imagine it afresh , as film , while seizing on those aspects that matter to him most . " It 's a fine line . Let an adaptation leave out a character or condense a plot and book fans will scream in protest . But include every nuance , every tangent , and moviegoers will yawn with fatigue . Studios will always rely on books -- they 're an easy source for new stories . And many of those adaptations will end up as hit movies . But that does n't mean they 're always done well . Check the gallery for some considerations of whether the book or movie did the job better .	"  Gone Girl " was popular book ; can movie live up to it and be a hit ? Movies and books are two different forms ; directors and writers have to make choices Some movies succeed more than others
CNN  -- Greece is being asked to make "  great sacrifices " but the country 's sick will not suffer from a lack of medical help , health minister Andreas Likourentzos says . His comments come as cancer patients protest against health care reforms they say are cutting them off from expensive but life-saving drugs . Likourentzos , of the New Democracy party , told CNN : "  We need to cut down the expenses but these cuts will not negatively affect those who need direct access to healthcare services . " Greece spends 11 billion euros  $ 14.4 billion  annually on its healthcare system -- taking up 5.5 % of the country 's total economic output . Likourentzos said the healthcare system is 2 billion euros -LSB- $ 2.6 billion -RSB- in debt . The country needs to cut the sector 's expenses back from 3.7 billion euros -LSB- $ 4.8 billion -RSB- last year to 2.9 billion euros -LSB- $ 3.7 billion -RSB- this year , he said . The cuts are due to be made as Greece , at the center of the eurozone 's financial crisis , comes under intense pressure from both its international lenders and suppliers to its health care system . "  What the pharmacists say is true . We owe money to the pharmacists , the pharmaceutical companies and generally all the suppliers of the national health system , " he said . The healthcare service cuts are part of broader austerity plans Greece must push through -- including cuts of 11.5 billion euros -LSB- $ 15 billion -RSB- -- if it is to receive its next tranche of bailout cash . The Troika -- a group of auditors made up of the International Monetary Fund , the European Central Bank and the European Union -- is in Greece to assess the progress of the country 's austerity program and reforms to public finances . The group is due to produce its report at the end of September .	Likourentzos said the healthcare system is 2 billion euros -LSB- $ 2.6 billion -RSB- in debt . Greece spends 11 billion euros  $ 14.4 billion  annually on its healthcare system
CNN  -- The DUI manslaughter trial of former New York Yankees player Jim Leyritz is set to begin Monday in Broward County Circuit Court in Florida . Leyritz is charged with driving while intoxicated and causing a crash that killed 30-year-old Fredia Veitch on December 28 , 2007 . The fatal crash happened shortly after 3 a.m. at an intersection controlled by traffic lights . Leyritz , a hero of the 1996 World Series , had turned 44 the previous day and had spent the evening celebrating at bars in Fort Lauderdale . Attorneys in the case expect witnesses to disagree about whether Leyritz had a yellow or red light as he entered the intersection of S.W. 7th Avenue and S.W. 2nd Street . The front of Leyritz 's Ford Expedition hit the driver 's side of Veitch 's Mitsubishi Montero , causing the car to spin and roll . Veitch , who lived in Plantation , was thrown from the car and died from her injuries . Leyritz stayed at the scene , where police administered and videotaped field sobriety tests . Police allege the former ballplayer failed the tests ; his defense maintains Leyritz was not impaired at the time . More than three hours after the crash , Leyritz 's blood was drawn at Broward General Hospital . His blood alcohol level was .14 ; the legal limit in Florida is .08 . Both sides agree that Veitch was intoxicated at the time of the crash . Her blood alcohol was .18 and she was not wearing a seat belt . The defense also says that Veitch was driving without headlights and receiving calls and text messages on her cell phone around the time of the crash . A judge ruled last month that Veitch 's conduct and state of mind are not relevant to the issue of whether she had a red or green light . Leyritz 's attorney is barred from telling the jury that Veitch was intoxicated , that she did not wear her seat belt and that she may have been distracted by calls and texts on her cell phone . Leyritz maintains that he entered the intersection when his traffic light was yellow and that Veitch caused the crash by running a red light . Under Florida law , if Leyritz caused or contributed to the accident , he can be found guilty of DUI manslaughter , even if jurors believe Veitch shares the blame . He pleaded not guilty and if convicted , the former New York Yankee faces a minimum of four to 15 years in state prison . Leyritz settled a wrongful death case earlier this year , agreeing to pay an initial lump sum of $ 250,000 . He also agreed to pay $ 1,000 a month for 100 months starting on April 15 , 2011 . The money is to be paid to Veitch 's husband and two children . Leyritz played for the New York Yankees from 1990 to 1996 and returned for parts of the 1999 and 2000 seasons . He is best known for a three-run home run in Game 4 of the 1996 World Series against the Atlanta Braves , which turned the series around for the Yankees . Leyritz also played for the Anaheim Angels , Texas Rangers , Boston Red Sox , San Diego Padres and Los Angeles Dodgers . He was mainly a catcher throughout his career . He retired from professional baseball in 2000 . Now divorced , Leyritz lives in Florida , where he is raising his three sons .	Former Yankees player Jim Leyritz goes on trial in a fatal 2007 DUI crash Leyritz is accused of running a light and killing Fredia Veitch , 30 Veitch also was driving while intoxicated , but the jury ca n't consider that Leyritz is famous for his three-run homer in Game 4 of the 1996 World Series
CNN  -- Prince William has arrived in the Falkland Islands for a routine deployment as part of a four-man search and rescue crew , Britain 's Ministry of Defence said Thursday . The prince will begin his Royal Air Force search and rescue duties after undergoing briefings and a familiarization flight , the ministry said in a statement . A six-week deployment to the Falklands is conventional for search and rescue pilots at this stage of their career , it said . "  Flight Lieutenant Wales will be deploying purely in an RAF role and will not be completing any ceremonial roles as the Duke of Cambridge , " the ministry said . However , the deployment has not been without controversy . This week , Argentina 's foreign ministry criticized Britain over the matter . "  Prince William is coming ... as a member of the armed forces of his country , " the ministry said in a statement . "  The Argentinian people regret that the royal heir is coming to the soil of the homeland with the uniform of the conqueror and not with the wisdom of a statesman who works in the service of peace and dialogue between nations . " Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982 , prompting a war in which more than 600 Argentinian and 255 British troops died . After the war , the United Kingdom retained control of the islands , which are off Argentina 's coast in the South Atlantic . News of British plans to deploy the destroyer HMS Dauntless to the region did nothing to dampen the rhetoric from politicians in both countries . While British officials have said the ship 's deployment is routine , according to Britain 's ITN news network , some Argentinians see it as a provocation . British Prime Minister David Cameron has criticized Argentinian officials for their renewed claims to the island . "  We support the Falklands ' right to self-determination , and what the Argentinians have been saying recently , I would argue , is actually far more than colonialism , because these people want to remain British , and the Argentinians want them to do something else , " he told lawmakers last month . Demonstrators marching outside the British Embassy in Buenos Aires last month burned British flags and urged Argentina to sever ties with London . Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has said the British "  are preying on our natural resources , our oil , our fish " in the Falklands , known as the Malvinas in Argentina . Fernandez 's campaign has won some supporters . In December , members of the Mercosur trade bloc -- which includes Argentina , Brazil , Uruguay and Paraguay -- said they would stop ships bearing the Falkland Islands flag from entering their ports . The move angered some British officials . About 2,500 residents live on the islands , in addition to 1,700 people stationed at the British military 's Mount Pleasant Complex there , according to the website of the islands ' government .	British prince deployed as part of search and rescue crew A six-week deployment is conventional for rescue pilots He will not complete any ceremonial duties , Ministry of Defence says Deployment draws criticism in Argentina
CNN  -- High-Speed Rail  HSR  has been around been around for decades , but it 's back in the transport spotlight amid a surge of interest from the United States and China . Despite cuts to President Obama 's original plan to spend $ 53 billion on HSR over the next 25 years , an ambitious scheme for HSR to connect U.S. cities is still on the agenda . China has built more than 8,000 kilometers of high-speed rail lines in recent years and plans to spend over $ 400 billion on its program in the next five years , while the United Kingdom is contemplating plans to extend its more modest HSR network . Supporters of HSR often list environmental sustainability among its virtues . Some argue it 's a greener alternative to car and air travel and see it as an easy win in weaning people of fossil fuels . But just how green is HSR ? Two experts with different views give their opinions . Dr. Anthony Perl is Professor of Urban Studies and Political Science at Simon Fraser University in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , where he directs the Urban Studies Program . His latest book , co-authored with Richard Gilbert , is "  Transport Revolutions : Moving People and Freight Without Oil . " Any debate about the future of high-speed rail must consider where this mobility option fits into the ` big picture ' of how transportation systems meet looming economic , energy and environmental challenges . In a world where 95 % of motorized mobility is currently fueled by oil , high-speed rail offers a proven means of reducing dependence on this increasingly problematic energy source . This value of using proven electric propulsion technology should not be underestimated when both the time and money to deploy energy alternatives are in short supply . In our recent book Transport Revolutions , Richard Gilbert and I documented the economic , environmental and political dividends to be gained from replacing the internal combustion engines powering today 's aircraft , cars , and motor vehicles with traction motors that can be powered by multiple energy sources delivered through the electric grid . Since electricity is an energy carrier , it can be generated from a mix of sources that incorporate the growing share of geothermal , hydro , solar , and wind energy that will be produced in the years ahead . And because electric motors are three to four times more efficient than internal combustion engines , an immediate improvement will precede introducing renewable energy into transportation . Grid-connected traction offers the only realistic option for significantly reducing oil use in transportation over the next 10 years . If such a shift does not begin during this decade , the risk of a global economic collapse and/or geo-political conflict over the world 's remaining oil reserves would become dangerously elevated . Making a significant dent in transportation 's oil addiction within 10 years is sooner than fuel cells , biofuels , battery-electric vehicles and other alternative energy technologies will be ready to deliver change . Biofuels that could power aircraft now cost hundreds of dollars per gallon to produce . Batteries that a big enough charge to power vehicles between cities are still too big and expensive to make electric cars and buses affordable . But grid-connected electric trains have been operating at scale and across continents for over a century . And when the Japanese introduced modern high-speed trains through their Shinkansen , in 1964 , the utility of electric trains was greatly extended . Since the 1980s , countries across Asia and Europe have been building new high-speed rail infrastructure to deploy electric mobility between major cities up to 1,000 kilometers apart . For intercity trips between 200 and 1,000 kilometers , high-speed trains have proven their success in drawing passengers out of both cars and planes , as well as meeting new travel demand with a much lower carbon footprint than driving or flying could have done . If we are serious about reducing oil 's considerable risks to global prosperity and sustainability , we will not miss the opportunity offered by high-speed rail to decrease transportation 's oil consumption sooner , rather than later . Tony Bosworth is a campaigner for Friends of the Earth , in its energy and climate team . He has a long track record of working on environmental issues , including a spell as transport campaigner for the environmental campaigning charity . Across the world governments are looking to high speed rail to provide fast , modern transport systems fit for the 21st century . By the end of 2012 China is expected to have more high speed rail lines than the rest of the world combined , while President Obama aims to give 80 per cent of Americans access to fast rail travel within 25 years . But if governments want high speed rail to spearhead the drive towards a cleaner transport system they must look further than simply providing faster trains . The UK is currently mulling over a high speed rail link between London and Birmingham , a city about 160 kilometers north-west of the capital . But according to official estimates , it 's unlikely to lead to significant carbon dioxide cuts -- and may even increase climate-changing emissions . So what 's stopping high speed rail being a major part of a greener transport future in Britain ? First there 's the electricity to power the trains . Over two thirds of the world 's electricity comes from fossil fuels so until  or unless  power stations are weaned off fossil fuels , electric trains will still have a significant climate impact -- although rail travel is still better than flying or driving . Secondly , will high speed rail entice people off the roads and short-haul flights ? French TGVs and the Channel Tunnel rail link have succeeded , but official calculations estimate that only 16 per cent of anticipated passengers for the London to Birmingham line will have swapped from planes or cars . One of the main factors is cost . Despite soaring fuel prices , motoring and flying are still expected to be cheaper than high speed rail . If faster rail travel is to become a realistic alternative it must be affordable too . The UK 's high speed rail link is expected to cost a whopping $ 54 billion . But living as we do in cash-strapped times there 's surely a strong case for investing some of that that money in less grandiose , but more effective , projects . Perhaps some high speed rail money could be diverted to upgrade commuter and longer-distance services , making life easier and cheaper for ordinary passengers -- and making a bigger and fast contribution to cutting emissions . High speed rail can play a major role in tackling climate change around the world -- if it 's affordable , powered by clean energy and gets people out of their cars and off planes , we really will be speeding in the right direction .	HSR can significantly cut oil use in transport in next 10 years , says Anthony Perl He believes HSR can reduce oil use before alternative energy technologies are ready If power stations use fossil fuels , HSR will still impact climate , says Tony Bosworth Bosworth argues HSR must be made affordable to get people out of cars
With another investigation yielding no direct ties between Gov. Chris Christie and the George Washington Bridge scandal , critics are questioning the purpose of continuing the Democratic-led probe , when yet a third investigation -- run by the U.S. Attorney 's Office -- is also ongoing . Former Gov. Tom Kean , a widely esteemed figure in New Jersey politics who co-chaired the commission that investigated the 9/11 attacks , is accusing the state legislative committee of partisanship and acting in a "  purely political " fashion . "  I know something about nonpartisan investigations , this is n't one , " the Republican told CNN . "  I 'm disappointed . " Democrat John Wisniewski , co-chairman of the panel , confirmed that they have n't determined whether the New Jersey governor knew about the lane closures ahead of time . But he 's vowing to continue the committee 's work until more questions are answered . The findings -- set to be released in a report Monday and obtained by CNN 's Chris Frates -- fall in line so far with a review conducted by Christie 's administration earlier this year , in the sense that both have found no wrongdoing on the part of the governor . Meanwhile , U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman is still conducting a federal probe into the incident , where lanes to the nation 's busiest bridge were closed for alleged political reasons , causing major traffic gridlock in the town of Fort Lee , New Jersey for four days in September 2013 . Kean , who was once a mentor for Christie , had a falling out with the governor after Christie 's re-election , and as the news about the bridge scandal made national headlines in January , Kean issued sharp criticism about the Republican governor . He openly questioned Christie 's leadership skills in an interview with the Washington Post , and told the New Yorker 's Ryan Lizza that Christie managed a culture of intimidation within his administration . Kean on Friday was hesitant to offer his views about Christie 's personality or reputation , only revealing , "  I do n't see it the way I once did . " The two have made amends this year , and Kean said Christie asks him for advice "  every now and then . " "  We 've had our differences and we still do n't agree on everything , " he conceded , before shifting his comments back to the committee 's investigation . Kean freely admits that he thought the scandal merited investigation from the outset , saying there was a "  tremendous number of questions " when the news broke . But he 's frustrated with how the Democratic-led committee has run the investigation so far . The makeup of the committee consisted of four Republicans and eight Democrats , including the two co-chairs , Wisniewski and Senate Majority Leader Loretta Weinberg . Republicans complain that they were n't granted equal participation in the investigation , saying they had no say in the selection of legal counsel for the probe , nor in the selection of witnesses or the private interviewing of witnesses . The committee hired former Assistant U.S. Attorney Reid Schar of Illinois , the same prosecutor that went after former Illinois Democratic Gov. Rod Blagojevich . The internal probe launched by Christie 's own administration -- which cost taxpayers millions of dollars -- was also not a truly bipartisan effort , Kean acknowledged . But that probe , he continued , "  never pretended to be anything except for what it was , " and "  when you 're accused of a criminal act as governor , you got to spend time on it . You do n't have much choice . " Asked if the legislative committee should end its investigation , Kean said , "  I think they should have stopped a long time ago . " "  If they 're going to continue , they should just do it right , " he said . "  They should bring in the Republicans . " Republican Assemblywoman Holly Schepisi said there 's been "  grave concerns regarding the impartiality " since the committee was formed earlier this year , referencing complaints about participation . Her grievances , however , are nothing new ; Republicans frequently registered their complaints during public hearings this year . The committee , she argued , has been languishing . "  We have done absolutely nothing for months upon months . We have received no communications from our chair since this summer , " Schepisi said . "  I do n't see what else there that we 're expected to do here . " A Democratic member , Assemblywoman Valerie Huttle , disagreed that the committee was partisan and felt that she "  was treated the same as  her  colleague across the aisle " in terms of having access to the panel 's lawyers and to documents released by the co-chairs . She acknowledged that Democratic members were not privy to private interviews of witnesses but said "  we let them have the flexibility , " referring to the counsel selected by committee leadership . As for whether or not she thinks the probe should continue , Huttle said the committee should "  regroup " and find a consensus on Monday . For his part , Wisniewski fiercely hit back at accusations of partisanship and pledged that the committee would march on with its work . "  The investigation was run in a fair-and-even handed fashion , " he told CNN . He denied that he was part of the leak of the latest report , which was first reported by the Wall Street Journal , and said the legal firm was chosen out of state "  so no one could allege there was a political tie " to a local law firm . "  I have the highest respects for Governor Kean , but I believe the information he 's acting on inaccurate information , " he said . The probe , he continued , has been limited due to a lack of access to witnesses who are also being asked to cooperate in the federal probe . Their testimony could help the panel come to a more conclusive finding , he said , stressing that the report set to be released on Monday still shows uncertainty about what the governor knew and did n't know . The report also details that a top adviser to Christie , Regina Egea , and the governor exchanged multiple text messages about the bridge scandal in 2013 during preliminary hearings about the traffic jam . Egea , however , had testified to the panel earlier this year that she only sent him one text message and deleted it . The discrepancy is one of the questions that still needs to be answered , Wisniewski said . He argued that the Republican backlash over the committee 's work is "  their only recourse " to criticize the process . "  Let 's face it : it 's partisan sniping because this is an embarrassing episode for the Republican Party in which a high ranking member of the governor 's staff , for clearly political reasons , closed lanes leading to George Washington Bridge , creating not only a public safety nightmare but just traffic gridlock for an entire community for four days , " he said . As for why the committee should continue on top of the U.S. Attorney 's probe , he said the legislature has a "  constitutional role " to conduct oversight of the administration and make sure a similar scenario does n't happen again . And national Democrats are n't letting this go either . Michael Czin , press secretary for the Democratic National Committee , said the report 's findings still show a side of Christie that could damage his 2016 presidential aspirations . "  Some of Christie 's closest aides and allies put public safety at risk , seemingly to exact petty political revenge , and in the aftermath , they lied about it , " he said in a written statement . "  That , in itself , is inexcusable conduct coming from the administration of someone who wants to be President of the United States . "	Former Gov. Tom Kean blasts a panel investigating bridgegate as ` partisan ' Republicans say they were not allowed equal participation in the investigation Democrats defend the fairness of the probe The Democratic co-chair says the investigation will continue
CNN  -- As U.S. President Barack Obama decides on the best strategy to deal with the threat posed by ISIS in Iraq , Syria and beyond , his final plan of action will undoubtedly include the participation of like-minded allied countries and regional partners . One such partner are the Kurds of northern Iraq who regard ISIS as the biggest threat since the fall of the Saddam Hussein regime in 2003 . The Kurds , however , are hoping for a more robust and lasting U.S. commitment as part of rekindled Kurdish-American cooperation . Meanwhile , it might be timely for Washington to reassess its previous refusal to directly engage with Kurdish armed forces . As the last few weeks of military battles against ISIS show , when American assistance has not been forthcoming , the Iraqi Kurds have turned to Iran for help . In terms of identity , the Kurdish Regional Government  KRG  in northern Iraq stands apart from most of the rest of the Middle East due to its secular way of life and pro-Western orientation . And what the Kurds have put together here since securing autonomy from Baghdad in 2005 is antithetical to the primordial worldview of ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . Now , with its record of relative stability and nascent democracy in danger , officials in the KRG are once again turning to the United States . The Kurds have welcomed Washington 's decision to confront ISIS . At the same time , however , officials in Irbil are urging the Obama administration to start a long overdue process of helping the Kurds help themselves by empowering them militarily . The simplest of facts about the Kurdish armed forces -- the Peshmerga -- are hard to miss . Despite the heightened enthusiasm to repel ISIS , the Peshmerga continue to suffer from some elemental structural drawbacks . After years of semi-autonomous rule , Iraqi Kurds still lack an institutionalized , non-politicized armed force . The majority of the Peshmerga are still made up from armed members from the two largest political parties in the KRG : the Kurdistan Democratic Party  KDP  and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan  PUK  . In the past the absence of an organized and well-trained armed force was accepted by the various Iraqi Kurdish parties as an inevitable but tolerable condition . The rise of ISIS , however , has rapidly changed that unsustainable attitude . The role of the U.S. To achieve a better organized and a more capable Kurdish military force requires more than just political horse-trading in Irbil . It requires American mediation and military assistance to the Kurds . The fact that the United States has good relations with all Iraqi Kurdish parties gives Washington leverage among the Kurdish parties . This leverage can be used to set out to help the Iraqi Kurds build up a more efficient military as they battle ISIS . But , before any practical steps can be taken , Washington first has to decide whether it wants to go down this path . Since the fall of Saddam 's regime , the U.S. has chosen not to train and equip the Kurdish Peshmerga directly . Washington 's policy on the provision of military assistance and training has been that all such efforts will have to go through the central government in Baghdad . The U.S. is still committed to Iraq 's territorial integrity as a principal policy and dealing with the Kurds over the head of Baghdad is seen as putting that policy in danger . And then there are the bureaucratic hurdles to overcome . Despite good relations with the leaderships of the KDP and the PUK , on paper both entities are still designated by the U.S. as Tier III terrorist organizations . That is why the Kurdish Peshmerga , numbering 150,000 of which some 110,000 are members of KDP or the PUK , can not receive U.S. military aid directly . As American policy-makers wrestle with this question in Washington , Iraq 's Kurds have had to look elsewhere for support . In June , following the barrage of military victories of ISIS , Iran was at first the only country that proved willing to come to the aid of the Kurds with military supplies and advisors . In a press conference with the Iranian foreign minister , Javad Zarif , in Irbil on August 26 , Masoud Barzani , President of Iraqi Kurdistan , said "  Iraqi Kurds will never forget Iran 's support that came at a crucial time beyond our expectation . " But Iran 's appearance as the key backer of the Peshmerga is not cost-free . Under Tehran 's stewardship , Iranian-backed Shia militias from elsewhere in Iraq have come north to join the fight against ISIS . As much as the Kurds have welcomed Iran 's role in rolling back ISIS , there are fears about the longer-term impact of Tehran 's larger footprint in Iraqi Kurdistan . But given the imminent threat posed by ISIS , how Iranian military support has come about is for now a secondary concern for Iraq 's Kurds . They are simply pleased that Tehran has been there to provide much -- needed military aid when it was most wanted . Tehran , meantime , will not be blind to the fact that internal Kurdish divisions and a decentralized Peshmerga force provides it with opportunities to intervene and increase its influence in northern Iraq . As President Obama formulates a long-term strategy to neutralize the threat of ISIS , he can not ignore the pivotal role Kurdish fighters likely will play in such a campaign . It might also be an opportune moment to revisit some of the more archaic American policies that shape ties with Iraqi Kurdistan . As Washington looks for ways to better organize and militarily equip the Peshmerga against ISIS , the one undeniable fact is that the Iraqi Kurds are hoping for swift American action . They prefer the United States over other foreign partners but are hardly in a position to be overly selective given the imminent threat from ISIS . Read more : Time to turn ISIS crisis into opportunity	U.S. President Barack Obama is set to announce his strategy for dealing with ISIS Alex Vatanka and Sarkawt Shamsulddin say the Iraqi Kurds stand out as potential partners The Kurdish Regional Government is secular and Western orientated , they say But the threat of ISIS means the KRG will accept whatever help it can , the authors say
CNN  -- To the litany of challenges that confront India 's path to a better life , we can now add subdued economic growth as a result of the global financial crisis . A banana vendor stands on a flooded street as he waits for customers in Amritsar , India , on August 13 . After three spectacular years of 9 percent-plus annual growth , India will reach just 6.3 percent next year , according to the latest forecast by the International Monetary Fund in early November . The Reserve Bank of India is forecasting a more optimistic 7.5 to 8 percent . While 7.5 percent may still sound a good result , it is barely enough for the economy to keep pace with the 10 million-plus young people who will join the Indian job market in 2009 . India 's major shortcomings in infrastructure , education , health care and environmental protection are well known , as are the constant problems of corruption , poor governance , rural poverty , communalism , domestic terrorism , child labor , discrimination against women and natural disasters such as floods and earthquakes . But at least in recent years India could point to a strong economy as the platform on which it was making its push for higher living standards , social modernization and economic reform . Since May 2004 , when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Finance Minister P. Chidambaram took on the reins of government , India 's economy has had a charmed run . Strong growth in business sectors such asinformation technology , pharmaceuticals , automotive , financial services and retail have coincided with a better performing agricultural sector , and a housing and consumption boom driven by easier credit . India 's young working men and women -- more than half the country 's 1.15 billion people are aged 25 or less -- have shown a much greater propensity to spend , compared to their thrifty , risk-averse parents and grandparents . This willingness to go into debt rather than save has seen a massive rise in sales of consumer goods such as mobile phones , flat screen TVs , refrigerators , household utensils , motorcycles and cars . The same goes for spending on services , from tourism to healthcare to self-improvement . Now the halcyon days appear to be over , as the international credit crunch flattens demand everywhere . Already the downturn is seeing job losses in sectors such as aviation , financial services , retailing and export industries , as companies tighten their belts and put expansion plans on hold . The government admits things will get tougher , with Singh telling the nation on October 20 that "  we must be prepared for a temporary slowdown in the Indian economy . " Earlier that day , the Reserve Bank of India cut its key repurchase  short-term lending  rate by 100 basis points to 8 percent , saying it needed to ease the pressure on India 's credit markets and maintain financial stability . It followed that with another cut to 7.5 percent on November 1 . RBI Governor Dr. D. Subbarao noted the global downturn could be deeper and the recovery might take longer than earlier expected . "  Consequently , the adverse implications through trade and financial channels for emerging economies , including India , have amplified , " he said . Economists and analysts have welcomed the central bank 's moves , which have included a 350-basis point reduction in the cash reserve ratio -- the amount of money Indian banks must keep on hand -- between July and November . Tushar Poddar , head of Asian economic research at investment bank Goldman Sachs , said the RBI 's October 20 action was "  well ahead of market expectations " and showed a bias towards growth and financial stability , against inflation . Goldman Sachs had earlier cut its growth outlook for the 2009-10FY to 7 percent and has warned the figure could go lower if the international financial turmoil continues over the next few months . But Poddar believes that India 's export drive -- which has seen exports triple since 2003 to about $ 163 billion in 2007-08FY -- may not suffer too greatly . In a recent study , he found that about two-thirds of India 's exports go outside the United States and the European Union  the two trade areas most affected by the downturn  to China , Southeast Asia , West Asia and Africa . While Indian exports would slow , "  the downside is limited , " he said . A lower Indian rupee would also help . Foreign investment is slowing in line with the downturn . Morgan Stanley 's India economist Chetan Ahya noted recently that "  adverse global circumstances " are weighing on India 's ability to attract overseas money . Unless there is a dramatic turnaround in the global credit markets , Ahya believes capital inflows could slow to $ 40-50 billion in the year ahead , compared with $ 110 billion in 2008 . On the broader political front , India has to deal with a range of internal and external risks that include domestic communalism-cum-terrorism and the constant threat of conflict with Pakistan over the disputed Kashmir territory . Afghanistan , Bangladesh , Myanmar , Nepal and Sri Lanka all add to a difficult neighborhood , while India 's relations with China are cool at best , even as trade ties grow . Territorial disputes linger from the 1962 border war between the two . That helps explain why India was named recently by Hong Kong-based Political and Economic Risk Consultancy  PERC  as the Asia-Pacific country with the highest political and social risk for 2009 . A report by PERC in late October assessed 16 countries in the Asia Pacific region , and assigned India the highest risk rating of 6.87 , ahead of Thailand with 6.28 . China was seventh with 5.33 , behind Malaysia , Indonesia , the Philippines and Cambodia . PERC cited uncertainties surrounding India 's coming general election -- due to be held by May 2009 -- along with rising communal violence and incidents of terrorism . "  The biggest risk is that a deterioration in political and economic conditions in neighboring Pakistan could aggravate social unrest in India further , and hurt national security , " it noted . But it said India 's underlying attractions to foreign investors should remain , "  no matter who wins the next election . Prime Minister Singh , with six months of his government to run , is putting on a brave face . "  It is when India is challenged that the Indian people rise to the occasion and convert the challenge into an opportunity . There is no place for fear , " he told the nation late last month . Geoff Hiscock writes on Indian business and is the author of "  India 's Global Wealth Club "  2007  and "  India 's Store Wars "  2008  , both published by John Wiley & Sons .	India 's economic growth will slow in 2009 , most economists project Nation 's young population has shown willingness to go into accrue debt to spend Infrastructure , corruption , health and education worries remain economic hurdles India faces political , social risk in 2009 , according to Hong Kong-based group
London , England  CNN  -- A long-awaited inquiry into Britain 's role in the Iraq war got under way Tuesday -- a process that could determine whether former Prime Minister Tony Blair misled his country over the 2003 invasion . The inquiry is expected to be the most thorough investigation yet into the decisions that led up to the war and governed Britain 's involvement , analysts said . It is not a court of law , so the inquiry can not find anyone criminally responsible or even apportion blame . But inquiry members will be able to judge the legality of the conflict . "  The Iraq Inquiry was set up to identify the lessons that should be learned from the UK 's involvement in Iraq , to help future governments who may face similar situations , " inquiry Chairman John Chilcot said at the opening of the hearings Tuesday . "  To do this , we need to establish what happened . " Chilcot , a senior civil servant , said on the eve of the hearings that the committee is "  completely determined " to write the full story of Iraq war decision-making by the British government using all the evidence it can get . Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who announced the inquiry in June , has promised the committee will have access to the full range of information , including secret documents , in order to identify lessons that can be learned from the war . The inquiry officially began July 30 , but Tuesday was the first day of hearings , which are expected to last into the new year . The hearings were initially going to be held behind closed doors , but after criticism the government decided to allow the hearings to be public and televised . The committee has said it will decide on a case-by-case basis whether to keep the hearings private when discussing sensitive or classified information . Blair will be called to testify , Chilcot said earlier this year , and the former prime minister has said he will appear . Other witnesses will be key decision-makers involved in Iraq , Chilcot has said . Chilcot has said the panel members plan to visit Iraq as part of their work , as well as hold discussions with Iraqis outside of the country . Top officials from the British and U.S. governments also might be called on for evidence , he said . Britain has already held four hearings about the Iraq war . But because all were held before the end of 2004 -- so close to the start of the war -- they were hampered by limited information , political analyst Glen Rangwala of Cambridge University told CNN . "  They did n't manage to achieve anything like a comprehensive understanding of the paths that led the UK to support the United States in the invasion , " he said . "  This will be the first to look at political decision-making that led to the British invasion of 2003 , with the potential to tell a full story . " People involved in those decisions are more likely to testify now than they were a few years ago , Rangwala said . That partly because British troops are no longer involved in combat in Iraq , but also because the war there is no longer the politicized issue it was when Blair was in power , he said . "  The sort of political sting has been taken out of it , and people who are presenting their evidence to the  inquiry  wo n't feel quite so constrained by the political line , or the party line , than they would have a few years ago , " he said . Britain 's first two inquiries were held by government committees in 2003 . The House of Commons Select Committee on Foreign Affairs examined whether Britain 's Foreign Office gave accurate and complete information to Parliament in the run-up to the war . It found the government exerted no improper influence on the drafting of the dossier given to Parliament on Iraq 's alleged weapons of mass destruction . The Intelligence and Security Committee then examined whether intelligence about Iraq and its weapons was properly assessed and accurately reflected in government publications . Its findings were mixed . The next two inquiries had narrow mandates , looking at specific aspects of the war . The Hutton report from January 2004 investigated the death of David Kelly , a leading microbiologist and former U.N. weapons inspector who committed suicide months earlier . Kelly had worked for the British Ministry of Defence , advising it on Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction , but was later found to be the source of a BBC report that said the government had exaggerated evidence to justify war on Iraq . Following that came the Butler inquiry , which looked at the accuracy of intelligence on weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and elsewhere . It found some of the intelligence sources were "  seriously flawed , " but that there was no evidence of deliberate distortion or culpable negligence by spy agencies .	Hearings begin in UK Iraq Inquiry to determine legality of the Iraq War Promised to be the most thorough investigation into Britain 's involvement in the war Hearings will be televised after initial plans for closed-door sessions were criticised Former Prime Minister Tony Blair will be called to testify
CNN  -- For pro-surfers like nine-time world champion Kelly Slater , flying from continent to continent looking for the perfect wave seems like a freewheeling lifestyle , but for amateurs , it requires careful planning . Surfing champ Kelly Slater gains altitude at Hossegor , France , in 2002 . Surfers checking out unique vibes at sites in Australia , Fiji , Tahiti , Hawaii and France are driven by the buzz that comes from exhilarating swells , breaking waves and amazing barrel tubes created by truly awesome forces of nature . Unlike other travelers , surfers are interested in surfer-friendly places to crash , snagging the best airline rates for surfboards and where to hang out . Here 's Slater 's list of five great surfing meccas along with some hints about how to fully enjoy your search for the proverbial endless summer . See photos of Slater surfing his five great sites " BANZAI PIPELINE , Oahu , Hawaii Event : Billabong Pipeline Masters , December 8 to December 20 , 2009 "  I grew up mesmerized by it , and it never lets you down , " Slater said . "  It 's just an amazing place to be and a wave that always challenges you . " The vibe : Surfers compare this event to professional golf 's Master 's tournament . Since the 1950s and '60s , mobs of fans have traveled to view one of the sport 's great venues to watch competing surfers . How to get there : To find this quarter-mile long treasure trove of breaking waves , drive southwest of Ehukai Beach Park along the Kamehameha Highway , about seven miles northeast of Haleiwa . During competition season -- in November and December -- visitors can soak up a lot of action on the beach , said Scott Bass , editor at Surfer Magazine . "  It 's a unique spot because a large , crazy death-defying surf breaks only 100 yards from shore . It 's very accessible as a viewer , " said Bass . See map and more photos of Slater 's surfing spots " Where to stay : Keiki Beach Bungalows offers tourists the best of both worlds : proximity to the Pipeline and a break from the crowds . Located on the beach about a mile away from Pipeline , the quiet bungalows also provide convenient access to a shopping complex with food and coffee shops about a quarter mile away . One and two-bedroom cottages range from $ 145 to $ 220 per night , depending on length of stay . Searching for more elegant digs ? Turtle Bay Resort offers hundreds of luxurious guest rooms , suites and cottages not far from Pipeline . On a budget ? Less than an hour 's drive away , campers can pitch near the Pacific at Barbers Point Beach Park . Where to hang out : Got something sweeter in mind ? Matsumoto Shave Ice has become a Hawaiian institution during its 60 years , serving the namesake snow cones , candy and crack seed , an island snack of dried fruits . Where to get lunch : Locals will tell you that hanging out on the North Shore must include a stop at some of the island 's tried and true mom and pop shops . Macky 's Sweet Shrimp Truck is literally just that -- a brightly painted RV parked in a private lot . Macky 's specializes in serving succulent shrimp , rice , fruit and veggies . CLOUDBREAK , Tavarua , Fiji Best waves : April to October "  One of the great surf discoveries ever , " said Slater about Cloudbreak , the name given to a surfing reef about two miles off Fiji 's island of Tavarua . The South Pacific waters off Fiji offer the perfect temperature and a "  really good swell window " for timing waves , Slater said . "  The wave has so many different faces to it . It 's challenging and perfect . " The vibe : Exclusive . The Tavarua Resort on the island controls access to the reef . How to get there : Surfing Cloudbreak can cost you , both physically and monetarily because of its distance off the island and the expense of traveling to the middle of the Pacific Ocean . Surfers get to the reef on local boats or jet-skis -- or by paddling on their boards , which will take a lot out of you . Where to stay/hang out : Options are very limited . Surfer tourists can expect to spend at least $ 200 per night at the island resort . SNAPPER ROCKS , Kirra , Australia Event : Quiksilver Pro Gold Coast February 28 to March 11 , 2009 It 's no secret that surfing is a national pastime in Australia , especially during pro-surfing competitions in February and March , when the weather is toasty warm and the water is aqua blue . How to get there : Arrive at the Gold Coast airport at Coolangatta or at the airport in Brisbane , which is about 68 miles  109 kilometers  to the north on the Pacific Motorway . The stretch of breaking waves between Snapper Rocks and Kirra is called the Superbank . The waves are "  perfect , hollow , fast , " said Slater . Superbank 's sandy-bottom , barrel point break makes it worthy of his list . "  On its day , it 's the wave you would draw on your school books , " he said . The vibe : The Gold Coast during competition season is similar to Spring Break in the United States , said Bass , a globetrotting surfer who has produced a documentary about the Vietnam War 's surfing soldiers . Gold Coast spectators tend to be young , hip trendy , college-age surf fans . For tourists with wider interests , the scene includes a music festival and skateboard competition . Where to stay : Take your pick . There are plenty of hotels along the Gold Coast , ranging from upscale three or four-star destinations to modest beach motels . For $ 20  Australian  you can grab a bunk bed in a backpacker hostel . At the posh Palazzo Versace , you can spend thousands of dollars for one night 's lodging . Apartments near the shore run from $ 80 to $ 250 Australian per night . Book early if possible . TEAHUPOO , Tahiti Event : Billabong Pro Teahupoo May 9 to May 20 , 2009 Cloudbreak 's remoteness is matched by Tahiti 's Teahupoo , which is described by Slater as "  one of the most challenging waves and confronting waves in the world . " When negotiating Teahupoo 's South Pacific monster waves , said Slater , "  Just make a decision and follow it . No second guessing . " The vibe : Teahupoo is very exclusive and expensive , according to Bass . "  It 's a grand spectacle along the same lines as the Pipeline , just not as accessible . " How to get there : You might have to pay a boater for transportation to the wave , which is about a quarter mile off shore , said Bass . Where to stay/hang out : Small pensions , homes that island residents rent to tourists , are the way to go in Tahiti , said Bass . Hiti Moana Villa offers bungalows for $ 110 to $ 160 per night . HOSSEGOR , France Event : Quiksilver Pro France September 23 to October 4 , 2009 For nonsurfers , Hossegor is a big secret . "  People do n't realize how good the surf is there but it 's incredible very often , " said Slater . The elbow-shaped Bay of Biscay near the French-Spanish border offers "  lots of swell and good weather that Ireland and England do n't get . " The vibe : More waves , more surfing , less competition . The Hossegor area offers many fine beach breaks that result in abundant waves . These "  peaky " beach breaks democratize the surfing experience . With more good waves , there 's less jockeying among surfers for position . During most of the year , surfers will need to wear a wet suit . The Bay of Biscay is really cold . Where to hang out : The area has great food , according to Slater , and , "  Spain is just right next door for something different . " Across the Spanish border , surfers can discover crashing waves along the shore of San Sebastian , the town made famous in Hemingway 's "  The Sun Also Rises . " Continue down the coast to experience amazing waves off the Spanish towns of Zarautz and Mendexa . There , surfers will discover a pure point break , with waves breaking off cobblestone rocks on the ocean floor . Where to stay : All along the coast are dozens of beach hostels offering low-cost lodging . Also , there 's camping in the area , if you feel like really roughing it . The Hortensias du Lac hotel offers rooms from $ 170 to $ 220 per night . How to get there : From Paris , drive about 6 hours southwest to Bordeaux and then drive about 2 hours south to Hossegor . By train from Paris takes about 6 hours and costs about $ 130 . TOTING YOUR BOARD The relationship between surfers and their boards is close . Sometimes very close . Many surfers feel their boards are like a physical part of them . As a result , they accept no substitutes -- or rentals . They bring their boards . Traveling with a 9-foot , 70-pound piece of sporting equipment can be expensive . Several airlines hit surfboard-toting travelers with stiff fees , sometimes hundreds of dollars . But a few carriers will allow surfboards to be checked as baggage free , within certain guidelines . Here 's a quick list of policies among major airlines for travel with surfboards as checked baggage : American Airlines charges a special handling fee . British Airways bans surfboards as checked baggage . Delta Airlines charges a special handling fee . Singapore Airlines offers free baggage check for surfboards within certain guidelines . Otherwise , travelers are charged a handling fee . United Airlines charges a special handling fee . Virgin Atlantic offers free baggage checking within certain guidelines . CNN 's David Banks , a lifelong surfer , contributed to this report .	Pro-surfing champ Kelly Slater likes Australia , Tahiti , Fiji , Hawaii and France Fiji 's Cloudbreak wave is "  one of the great surf discoveries ever , " said Slater The vibe at primo spots varies from Spring Break-like to exclusive Airline surfboard baggage policies range from free to pricey
Like countless Americans , I recently watched the entire second season of hit political drama "  House of Cards " in one weekend after U.S. video streaming site Netflix released all 13 nearly hour-long episodes . But the website I logged on was Sohu -- one of the China 's biggest online video services -- that purchased exclusive rights to the series for mainland China , and posted the latest season at the same time as Netflix . Glued to my laptop , I could n't help but notice the major role China plays this season as one riveting plot unfolds after another . If you have been reading news headlines out of China , you would find any of the China angles familiar and believable : suspected cyber espionage , a trade war with Washington , a territorial dispute with Japan -- complete with an utterly corrupt Communist Party insider who boasts direct access to the decision-making Standing Committee . Censors All this "  realness " makes it a little surreal that my binge-viewing of the U.S. TV series happened in China . This , after all , is a country where the government allows only 34 foreign films to be screened in cinemas every year , and propaganda authorities routinely censor China-related material from foreign sources that they deem politically sensitive or merely unflattering . Case in point : "  The Blacklist , " a new American crime drama , is widely available on Chinese video sites -- except Episode 3 . That episode has been removed by all streaming services -- including Sohu -- because it features a Chinese spy who kills CIA operatives as its main villain , and critiques China 's controversial one-child family planning policy . The China subplots in "  House of Cards , " Season 2 do n't exactly portray the country all that positively , but the government appears to be leaving Sohu alone . "  We did n't know the second season would have so much to do with China -- probably because of the increasing importance of China in global affairs , " Charles Zhang , Sohu 's chief executive , told me at a press conference Tuesday . "  Many Chinese people -- including officials -- are watching it now and we have had no problem . " "  So  the American shows on your site  are not subject to censorship ? " I asked . "  So far , no , " he replied . Hands off Some analysts are surprised by the government 's largely hands-off approach to video streaming sites , but caution that it may not last . "  New media is allowed to develop with less interference than older forms where there is already a structure in place , " said Jeremy Goldkorn , a long-time Beijing-based observer and commentator on Chinese media . "  It 's going to be regulated just like any other media , especially if it becomes big enough , powerful enough and popular enough . " For now , Sohu is focusing on broadening the appeal of "  House of Cards , " scrambling to add Chinese subtitles and bombarding visitors to its website with banner ads . Sohu users have clearly noticed . The series ' latest and original seasons now occupy the top two spots in Sohu 's chart of most-watched American TV shows . Season 2 has been clocking almost three million views a day -- impressive for a complex story that requires a deep understanding of U.S. politics . Gripping plots In comments left online , many Chinese viewers indicated they are drawn to the show for the same reasons as fans elsewhere : gripping plot twists , superb acting and stark parallel to reality . "  If you have to see the show as social commentary , I think it 's a strong diatribe against the political system in the U.S. rather than against China , " said Raymond Zhou , a well-known columnist for China Daily , the country 's official English-language newspaper . "  The narrative does n't fault China but rather just one individual from China . " A widely circulated Internet post claims that China 's anti-corruption tsar -- one of the seven Politburo Standing Committee members who effectively rule the country -- is a loyal fan of "  House of Cards " and has recommended it to other officials . The anecdote may not be as far-fetched as one might think , considering what the show 's Machiavellian protagonist Frank Underwood tells viewers while being sworn in as the U.S. vice president : "  One heartbeat away from the presidency and not a single vote cast in my name -- democracy is so overrated . " With messages like that , "  House of Cards " seems to be a show China 's Communist leaders do n't mind their citizens watching at all .	Chinese online video service Sohu purchased exclusive rights to hit U.S. series Second series of political drama features a number of storylines involving China China restricts number of foreign movies , authorities censor material from foreign sources China columnist : Strong diatribe against political system in the U.S. rather than against China
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter has been cleared of any misconduct by an internal investigation into the bribery scandal that threatened to drag football 's world governing body into terminal crisis . But his predecessor , Brazilian Joao Havelange , has now resigned as FIFA 's honorary president for his part in the scandal . Havelange and former executive committee members Ricardo Teixeira and Dr. Nicolas Leoz were all found to have accepted illegal payments from FIFA 's former marketing partner International Sports and Leisure  ISL  . The payments were made between 1992 and May 2000 -- ISL went bankrupt the following year . FIFA 's Ethics Committee -- set up by Blatter after the corruption scandal was investigated by the Swiss authorities last year -- said it would not take any further action , adding the case was now closed . The findings of the committee have been published in detail , following Blatter 's re-election promise in 2011 to make FIFA 's workings more transparent . Blatter , who took over the presidency of FIFA from Havelange in 1998 , welcomed the report , saying in a statement : "  I have taken note of the report from the chairman of the FIFA Ethics Committee , Hans-Joachim Eckert , regarding the examination of the ISL case . "  I note in particular that , in his conclusions , chairman Eckert states that ` the ISL case is concluded for the Ethics Committee ' and that ` no further proceedings related to the ISL matter are warranted against any other football official . ' "  I also note with satisfaction that this report confirms that ` President Blatter 's conduct could not be classified in any way as misconduct with regard to any ethics rules . ' "  I have no doubt that FIFA , thanks to the governance reform process that I proposed , now has the mechanisms and means to ensure that such an issue -- which has caused untold damage to the reputation of our institution -- does not happen again . " Havelange , who turns 97 next month , was one of the most recognizable figures in sports administration , serving as FIFA president for 24 years from 1974 and doing much to make football a truly global game . Prior to FIFA , he served as president of the Brazilian Sports Confederation from 1958 to 1973 and was also on the International Olympic Committee , until his resignation -- because of his links with the FIFA scandal -- in 2011 . A report by a Swiss court last year found that Havelange had received at least 1.5 million Swiss francs  $ 1.53 million  and Teixeira was paid at least CHF 12.4 million  $ 12.64 million  from ISL , who then owned the TV rights to the World Cup . "  The acceptance of bribe money by Havelange , Teixeira and Leoz was not punishable under Swiss criminal law at that time , " explained Eckert in his report into the FIFA-ISL case . "  I agree with that determination . However , it is clear that Havelange and Teixeira , as football officials , should not have accepted any bribe money , and should have had to pay it back since the money was in connection with the exploitation of media rights . "  This does not change anything with regard to the morally and ethically reproachable conduct of both persons . "  I note that Mr. Havelange resigned from his position as Honorary President effective from April 18 2013 and that Dr. Nicolas Leoz resigned from his positions as a FIFA Executive Committee member , as a FIFA standing committee member and as CONMEBOL  the governing body for South American football  President effective from April 24 2013 . Hence , any further steps or suggestions are superfluous . "  No further proceedings related to the ISL matter are warranted against any other football official . " Teixeira -- Havelange 's former son-in-law -- had already stood down from FIFA last year , shortly after resigning as president of the Brazilian Football Confederation . Blatter claimed in 2012 that he did know about alleged bribe payments made to former FIFA executives , but insisted he did n't think they were illegal . At that time Blatter was working as FIFA 's secretary general . The report by FIFA 's Ethics Committee again cleared the 77-year-old of any direct culpability but still raised question marks over his behavior . "  It must be questioned , however , whether President Blatter knew or should have known over the years before the bankruptcy of ISL that ISL had made payments  bribes  to other FIFA officials , " the report stated . "  President Blatter stated during his interview with Mr Garcia that he ` could n't understand that somebody is sending money to FIFA for another person , ' but at that time he did not suspect the payment was a commission  bribe  . "  President Blatter 's conduct could not be classified in any way as misconduct with regard to any ethics rules . The conduct of President Blatter may have been clumsy . " The report from the Ethics Committee , which was established on guidance from the Swiss court and is led by U.S. attorney Michael Garcia , effectively draws a line under the scandal that first emerged at the end of 2010 .	FIFA president Sepp Blatter is cleared of misconduct by internal investigation into bribery Predecessor Joao Havelange resigns as honorary president of soccer 's ruling body Havelange took payments from FIFA 's former marketing partner ISL between 1992 and 2000 FIFA 's Ethics Committee says no further action is planned
CNN  -- Las Vegas police caught two people as they were about to board a plane for Colombia , then charged them with the murder of a woman who went missing hours after being dropped off for a cosmetic surgery procedure . The female victim was dropped off Saturday morning to undergo a cosmetic procedure , according to a statement from the Las Vegas Police Department . The victim 's daughter contacted police after she was unable to find her mother at the same location where she had dropped her off about eight hours earlier . A police report , obtained and posted online by CNN affiliate KLAS , quoted the daughter as saying the office did not even have the same furniture in the office as was there earlier in the day . The report claims that , before she left originally , the daughter saw the victim , identified as 42-year-old Elena Caro , disrobe and be injected in the buttocks by a man later identified by the daughter as one of the suspects , Ruben Dario Mattallana-Galvas . The daughter told police she got a call about an hour later from her mother , and was told to return several hours later . In that span , authorities learned that the woman had been picked up in an ambulance about three miles north from the original location and taken to a local hospital . There , she was pronounced dead , according to the police statement . Las Vegas police detectives soon identified two suspects as Mattallana-Galvas , 55 , and Carmen Olfidia Torres-Sanchez , 47 . Both are from Medellin , Colombia . The pair were arrested Saturday night at McCarran International Airport , while preparing to board a flight for Colombia . The pair actually had tickets for April 22 , but were hoping to leave the United States earlier , according to the police report . Instead , they were taken to the Clark County Detention Center and each charged with one count of murder , police said . Mattallana-Galvas and Torres-Sanchez are due to be formally arraigned in court Tuesday on the charges , according to Las Vegas police . After being informed he was being arrested for murder and being read his Miranda rights , Mattallana-Galvas told detectives that Caro had come into his office that day for a buttocks enhancement procedure , the police report stated . He claimed that , afterward , Caro had walked away from his office . Mattallana-Galvas admitted to authorities that he was not licensed to pr active medicine in Nevada , but claimed he was a homeopathic doctor in Colombia . Also Saturday , Las Vegas detectives interviewed an assistant to Mattallana-Galvas , who claimed that Mattallana-Galvas told her to cancel his appointments for that afternoon because "  something had gone wrong , " the police report said . The assistant said that her husband eventually took Mattallana-Galvas to the airport . The toxicology report examining the exact cause and timing of Caro 's death is still pending , John Fudenberg , the assistant coroner for Clark County , said Monday evening . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	NEW : The victim 's daughter says her mother was injected by one suspect NEW : A suspect says the woman left off after getting a buttocks injection Two Colombian nationals have been charged with murder in Las Vegas They were caught as they were about to board a plane for South America
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William went hiking Friday with a group of homeless teenagers on a picturesque peak in northern England to raise awareness for two charities he patrons , spokespeople for the prince and one of the charities said . Prince William , right , joined a group of homeless teams on a mountain climb in the UK . William , 27 , was joined by six teenagers from Centrepoint , a charity for homeless young people , as they walked up Helvellyn , a mountain in the Cumbria region of northeastern England . Leading the group were members of Mountain Rescue , a volunteer-run charity . Prince William is the patron of both charities . The aim of the walk was to provide some of Centrepoint 's homeless teens with a memorable and challenging day , and also to have an event that both charities could participate in together . Each teenager was paired with a Mountain Rescue volunteer as they climbed the mountain , said Andy Simpson , a spokesman for the charity who was on the walk . After days of spotty storms , the group got lucky with the weather and had sunshine and big , billowy clouds for much of the two-hour climb , Simpson said . He described Helvellyn as a moderate mountain that requires a certain level of fitness . The prince , however , did very well -- not surprising , given his military training . "  He 's a very fit bloke , " Simpson said . "  I had trouble keeping up with him . " The location of Friday 's hike was kept a secret until the last minute . That meant other climbers on Helvellyn had no idea they would encounter royalty on an otherwise-normal day out . "  One or two of the people were quite surprised , to say the least , to see the future king of England coming the other way , " Simpson said . William stopped to chat to the people he met , he said . "  It was nice to see him engaging with so many members of the public . They just happened to be out for a walk and it 's just made their day , " he said . Partway up the mountain , by a lake called Red Tarn , the prince flew a flag for the London 2012 Olympics , Simpson said . Monday marks three years until the Opening Ceremony of the Games .	Prince William joins homeless teens on hike to help charities William , 27 , was joined by six teenagers from the charity Centrepoint "  Fit " prince leads the way up mountain
CNN  -- "  That 's the second unmanly thing you 've done today , " is the punch line of the most frequently played Miller Lite ad during NFL games . It ends with the ultimatum , "  Man up . " In a new McDonald 's commercial , two newlyweds delay their honeymoon after the man hears that McDonald 's is featuring the McRib sandwich again . The woman says in disbelief , "  I married a 14-year-old . " If popular culture is any indicator , manliness is on our minds . Six new TV shows this fall focus on man 's role in society and the family , according to the Wall Street Journal . Three are appropriately titled , "  Last Man Standing , " "  How To Be A Gentleman , " and "  Man Up ! " Something is going on here . In all these shows , men have become the butt of the jokes . From weakness to irresponsibility to immaturity , the modern idea of manhood is in doubt . A shift in cultural norms , a changing workforce and the rise of women have left many men in an identity crisis . It makes for good comedy , but bad families . Although men remain at the top of the heap in terms of compensation and job status , particularly in fields like science , business , and politics , things are changing . This year there will be more women CEOs of Fortune 500 companies than ever before . And for the first time , American women now gain more advanced college degrees , as well as bachelor 's degrees , than American men . My first CNN column on this subject identified what I think are the common problems with some men today : deficiencies in work , marriage and faith . The overwhelming response I received , from men and women alike , worries me . Many women told me the problems are much worse than I described . They explained to me how they have to lower their standards to find a man . Young women , in particular , complained that men are dragging them down and holding them back . As one woman told me , if 60 is the new 40 for men , then 25 is the new 13 . Most feminists are not celebrating the decline of men and shouting it from the rooftops . Certainly , the far-left feminist movement has sought to diminish the role of men , but a majority of women want able , competent men of their equal . Strong men make stronger women  and vice versa  and stronger families , and women want that . Many men today are n't sure what they want . In developed Western countries , man has unprecedented freedom to chose , to a degree heretofore unknown , a life of his own wanting and design . A mere hundred years ago , man could n't afford to dawdle in limbo between adolescence and manhood ; manhood was thrust upon him for survival . Today , more opportunity lies at his feet than ever . Yet with this increased opportunity comes increased confusion , and the response on the part of some men has not been encouraging . Take the Occupy Wall Street movement , for instance . While diverse and scattered , some of the mottos and slogans on display are in stark contrast to the traditional and time-tested ideas of manliness . Instead of industriousness , responsibility and entrepreneurship , these men demand free college education , required living wages and greater distribution of someone else 's wealth . Rather than look inward and rely on their own self-sufficiency , they look for a handout . A man 's livelihood once depended on his hands , back and brain . Today , the government can do all that for him , if he lets it . The struggle between dependency and freedom has provoked many to ask the question : How does one be a man today ? Boys become men through mimesis -- the Greek word for imitation . Boys look to role models , from parents to coaches to teachers to fictional characters , for actions they should imitate . The forces of imitation can be either constructive or destructive , making it essential that boys imitate the right kind of men . My brother and I were raised by a single mother , but she went through any pains necessary to put good men in our lives -- good priests , teachers and coaches . As a child , I had many heroes . I was drawn to Gary Cooper as Marshal Will Kane in "  High Noon . " He was n't the toughest and coolest guy , but his compassion and strength were inspiring . Through the instruction of my family and teachers I was exposed to other heroes and heroines , like Lou Gehrig , Abraham Lincoln , King David , Esther , Mother Courage , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and so on . Today , heroes like these are in shorter supply . Ask a boy today who his hero or heroine is . The answer , or lack thereof , will speak volumes . We must teach our boys what is to be loved and imitated . As the writer Tom Wolfe said , we must engage in a great relearning . It is our generation 's task to instruct and train our boys to be men . As Proverbs says , train a child in the way he should go , and when he is old he will not turn from it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : Ads , TV shows focus on the changing role of men In the shows , men have become the butt of the jokes , he says Bennett : The modern idea of manhood is in doubt He says it 's important for people to train a new generation of young men
CNN  -- Legendary singer/songwriter Aretha Franklin sang "  My Country 'T is of Thee " at the inauguration Tuesday . Aretha Franklin says cold weather affected her voice during her performance at the inauguration on Tuesday . CNN 's Larry King talks with "  The Queen of Soul " about the reality of the nation 's first black president , singing at the inauguration and the much-talked-about hat she wore . Larry King : Where 'd you get that hat ? Aretha Franklin : Well , I bought it at a little millinery that I frequent out in Detroit . King : What was that like for you  Tuesday  ? Franklin : Oh . What a tremendous , mammoth morning , evening , the ball , everything , from one event to the other , was just too much . King : How did you find out you were singing ? Franklin : My agent called me and he told me that he had received an invitation and a telephone call , asking for my presence and performance at the swearing-in and the inauguration . King : Did you choose the song ? Franklin : Yes , I did . King : Is that a tough song to sing ? Franklin : No , not at all , but  Tuesday  it was . Mainly because of the temperature outside . I do n't have to tell you , it was freezing , if you were there . Some singers it does n't bother , and others it does . I do n't care for it . It affected my voice . Watch Franklin sing at inauguration " King : You sang at Martin Luther King 's funeral . What do you remember about that ? Franklin : There were very , very long lines , of course . I recall walking in the street behind the bier , somewhere maybe about 200 , 300 feet from the bier , I think . I recall Leontyne Price being there , as well as Eartha Kitt . They shuttled us from one point to the other . The passing of a great man was at hand . King : How did you feel yesterday about seeing a young black man elected president ? Franklin : Oh boy , how do you put it into words ? There 's a love affair going on with the country and Barack . I think it 's the age of Barack . People have just fallen head over heels in love with him . His ascent to the presidency was miraculous . But we have to remember that he 's not going to work miracles right off the top . It 's going to take time . Watch Franklin discuss joy of seeing nation 's first black president " There 's  a lot of problems , and there 's a plethora of things to deal with for he and his administration . King : One thing , with your magnificent voice , is it hard to sing outdoors ? Franklin : It depends on the temperature . Yesterday , Mother Nature was not very kind to me . I 'm going to deal with her when I get home . It , by no means , was my standard . I was not happy with it , but I just feel blessed because it could have been five above zero or five below zero like it is in Detroit . I was still blessed to be able to pretty much just sing the melody , but I was n't happy with it , of course . King : It was great to listen to . Franklin : I was delighted and thrilled to be there . That was the most important thing , not so much the performance , but just to be there and to see this great man go into office -- the promise of tomorrow coming to pass .	Aretha Franklin : Cold weather affected rendition of "  My Country 'T is of Thee " Franklin on Obama presidency : "  It 's the age of Barack " Franklin says she bought much-talked-about inauguration hat at Detroit millinery
In the hunt for the world 's best amusement park , the people have spoken -- and it seems the people like mixing with creatures who eat a lot of fish . Travel review site TripAdvisor has revealed its new rankings of the the best amusement and water parks around the world , with the winners in both categories both featuring marine life attractions . Discovery Cove , a sprawling aquatic complex in Orlando , Florida where visitors can swim with dolphins and snorkel with tropical fish in Orlando , scooped the top amusement park prize . Meanwhile Siam Park , an unlikely-sounding Thai-themed venue on the Spanish island of Tenerife , which features a colony of frisky sea lions , was named best water park . The results of TripAdvisor 's Traveler 's Choice awards were based on data gathered from reviews over the past 12 months . Orlando did well -- claiming five out of the world 's top 10 , including three hits for the Disney empire . With its whimsical European fairy tale settings and thrilling rides , Germany 's Europa Park came in second while Universal 's Islands of Adventure , also in Orlando , placed third . Disney and Orlando also proved a strong combination in the world of water parks with the Florida destination claiming two of the top 10 -- Disney 's Blizzard Beach , at number three , and Typhoon Lagoon at four . In Brazil , Beach Park in Aquiraz polled second in the water park category while Dubai fielded two of the top 10 -- Wild Wadi Water Park and Aquaventure . World 's top amusement parks 1 . Discovery Cove , Orlando , Florida 2 . Europa Park , Rust , Germany3 . Universal 's Islands of Adventure , Orlando , Florida4 . Magic Kingdom , Orlando , Florida5 . Disney 's Hollywood Studios , Orlando , Florida6 . Beto Carrero World , Penha , Brazil7 . Disneyland Park , Anaheim , California 8 . Universal Studios Singapore , Sentosa Island , Singapore9 . PortAventura Park , Salou , Spain 10 . Disney 's Animal Kingdom , Orlando , Florida World 's top water parks 1 . Siam Park , Adeje , Spain2 . Beach Park , Aquiraz , Brazil3 . Disney 's Blizzard Beach Water Park , Orlando , Florida4 . Disney 's Typhoon Lagoon Water Park , Orlando , Florida5 . Waterbom Bali , Kuta , Indonesia6 . Wild Wadi Water Park , Dubai , United Arab Emirates7 . Hot Park , Rio Quente , Brazil8 . Aquaventure Waterpark , Dubai , United Arab Emirates9 . Aquatica , Orlando , Florida10 . Aquaventure Water Park at Atlantis , Paradise Island , Paradise Island , Bahamas For the complete rankings , go to TripAdvisor.com . What 's your favorite water park and amusement park ? Do you agree with these rankings ? Let us know in the comments .	TripAdvisor publishes new rankings for best water parks and amusement parks based on reviews Spain 's Siam Park takes top spot for world 's best water parks Florida is home to five out of 10 of the world 's best amusement parks
CNN  When two fighter jets met in midair over Kansas last year , it turned one to wreckage and clipped a wing off the other , destroying $ 22 million in government property . But the accident neither killed nor injured anyone seriously . The F-16Cs assigned to the Tulsa Air National Guard collided during a training mission near Moline on October 20 , 2014 , during an air combat maneuver training mission . The U.S. Air Force released a report on the crash on Friday . One of the pilots "  was an instructor with approximately 2,400 hours of flight time in the F-16 , " while the other was "  a relatively inexperienced student pilot with 106 flying hours in the F-16 . " The instructor ejected and experienced minor injuries , while his plane came down in a field . The student pilot 's plane had "  significant damage to the right wing , " but he was able to land at Tulsa International Airport in Oklahoma . Pictures released by the U.S. Air Force show one jet lying in pieces in a field , while the other jet was parked in a hangar with half the right wing missing and damaged parts lying on the floor . The report said that private property was not significantly damaged . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	The two F-16Cs collided mid-air near Moline , Kansas , in October One pilot ejected ; the other landed with a damaged wing
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER , Florida  CNN  -- The space shuttle Atlantis blasted off successfully Monday afternoon on NASA 's fifth and final repair visit to the Hubble Space Telescope . Space shuttle Atlantis launched successfully from Florida Monday on its way to the Hubble telescope . The spacecraft rocketed into mostly sunny skies right on schedule at 2:01 p.m. ET . Atlantis will spend five days upgrading the Hubble , the orbiting observatory that 's been scanning the universe for almost two decades . For the seven members of the shuttle crew , that means added pressure . "  I think -LSB- this -RSB- is motivating us because we know there 's nobody coming after us to do anything we do n't get done , " said Atlantis Commander Scott Altman . "  This is it . We either get it done or it does n't happen . " Watch Atlantis lift off " It 's been seven years since NASA 's last Hubble servicing mission in 2002 , and the space telescope was designed to go only about three years between fixes . iReport.com : Share photos , video of the launch NASA canceled an Atlantis mission to extend Hubble 's operational life in January 2004 because the trip was considered too risky in the wake of the 2003 Columbia tragedy that killed seven astronauts . But public pressure and the development of safer shuttle technology led the U.S. space agency to reconsider . See shuttle astronauts discuss Hubble repair mission " Still , some risks remain . NASA has estimated there 's a 1-in-221 chance the shuttle could be struck by orbiting space debris from past missions . Thousands of objects hurtle through the heavens , some as large as several feet in diameter , and the Hubble 's orbit is more crowded with space junk than that of the international space station , which orbits at a lower altitude , NASA said . While the Atlantis 's shields would likely deflect a small piece of debris , a larger object could cripple the spacecraft , NASA said . Space shuttle Endeavour is on standby in the unlikely event that NASA will need to rescue the Atlantis crew members during their 11-day mission . During five grueling space walks some 350 miles up in space , a pair of two-man teams from the Atlantis will work on the Hubble inside Atlantis ' cargo bay . "  This is going to be -LSB- like -RSB- running a marathon at a sprint pace , " said Mission Specialist John Grunsfeld . Grunsfeld and fellow Mission Specialists Drew Feustel , Mike Good and Mike Massimino will change out gyroscopes , batteries and cameras on the Hubble . Grunsfeld and Feustel will handle the first 61/2 - hour space walk , or extravehicular activity , performing what Grunsfeld calls "  surgery " on the Hubble . iReport.com : Share photos , video and tell us what this event means to you The two men will change out Hubble 's wide-field camera and a module that allows the telescope 's science instruments to be commanded from the ground . The module failed just before Atlantis was supposed to launch last October . NASA delayed the mission until now so that scientists could work out the fix . During another space walk , Grunsfeld and Feustel will repair another camera and install a new spectrograph . The work involves removing dozens of tiny bolts and replacing old circuit cards with new ones . "  It all has to line up just right so that I can go in the telescope and do all this work , " Grunsfeld said . "  We only have that one day to finish it . " The wonderful thing about the Hubble , said former astronaut Jeff Hoffman , is that when crews service the telescope it 's not just a repair -- they leave it better . Learn more about the Hubble repairs " "  Every time we come from a Hubble mission , Hubble is essentially a new telescope -- much more powerful , " said Hoffman , a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who flew on the first Hubble repair mission in 1993 . "  And when this crew finishes with it , it 's going to be ... like a thousand times more sensitive -LSB- for making new discoveries -RSB- than it was when it was first put in orbit , and that 's incredible , " he said . Astronomers and cosmologists credit the Hubble with changing humans ' understanding of the universe . The telescope , orbiting beyond the obscuring layer of the Earth 's atmosphere , has helped determine the age of the universe while sending back astounding images of galaxies in all shapes and sizes . "  The discovery that essentially as far as we can tell all galaxies have black holes -- large , super massive black holes at their centers -- is something people have speculated on , " Hoffman said . "  But Hubble has given us data actually to confirm that . " Perhaps Hubble 's greatest discovery has been opening scientists ' eyes to what they do n't yet know . And there 's a lot of it . "  We discovered in fact that all that stuff we thought we knew about accounts for only 4 percent of the known universe , " Grunsfeld said . "  Most of the universe is made up of what 's called ` dark energy . ' Nobody could have anticipated it . It 's the largest constituent of the universe . We still have no idea what it is . " But back in 1990 , shortly after the telescope 's launch , no one could think about great discoveries . Hubble was considered a disaster . The telescope 's primary mirror was flawed . Its shape was off by about 1/50th the thickness of a sheet of paper -- just enough to blur the images . "  There was a time when Hubble was a laughing stock , " Hoffman said . "  You know , the ` techno turkey . ' Pictures in editorial cartoons , denounced on the floors of Congress , ridiculed in late-night television programs . " In December of 1993 , astronauts on board the Shuttle Endeavour went on the first Hubble repair mission . They fixed the telescope 's blurry vision . A month later , Hubble began sending back the first of hundreds of thousands of crisp , spectacular images . Hoffman calls Hubble , "  the people 's telescope . " Grunsfeld , who has made two repair trips to the Hubble , said that leaving it this time will be like saying a final goodbye to an old friend . "  Regardless of my intellectual knowledge that this is a satellite and it 's a satellite that people created and has electronics in it and optics and it does its job , " he said , "  it 's impossible not give it some human characteristics and feel sadness when we see it floating away . "	Space shuttle Atlantis blasts off Monday on final visit to the Hubble Space Telescope It 's been seven years since NASA 's last Hubble servicing mission in 2002 Astronauts will complete five grueling space walks some 350 miles up in space In its 19 years in orbit , the Hubble has changed our understanding of the universe
CNN  -- It was 1993 when David Wood got his first look at the World Wide Web . Working as a consultant for the city of Palo Alto , California , in the epicenter of the dotcom universe , some researchers pulled up a Web page created by the Vatican , showcasing some of its artwork . "  The Web pages back then had that gray and black text and embedded images . There was no fancy layout ; it was very simplistic , " he said . "  But it was powerful . I said , ` My God , this is it . This is what 's going to define the next phase of my life . ' It was a quite powerful , transformative concept . " It 's hard for some of us to imagine now . But before broadband and YouTube , before instant streaming and overnight deliveries from Amazon , the early Web was a slow , simple and sparsely populated place . As the Web turns 25 this week , folks who remember those early days have been reminiscing about life online in the early to mid-1990s . One word that comes up over and over again ? "  Slow . " A 1995 survey by the Pew Research Center found that just 14 % of U.S. adults had Internet access , and among them , only 2 % had access via a top-of-the-line 28.8 k modem . "  That was screaming  fast  , " said Lee Rainey , the director of Pew 's Internet Project . "  Now , that would make people riot in the streets , it 's so slow . " Wood , now chief technology officer with linked-data company 3 Round Stones , would go on to a career on the Web and to author several books about it . But in the early to mid - '90s , it was n't always an easy sell . "  When I would show people the Web on dial-up , you 'd whip out a laptop and dial up with a 14.4 k modem , " he said . "  The page might take a minute or two or three or five to come down . You could see the hasher lines coming across from left to right as the page would slowly load . "  People would look at this and say , ` Why is this interesting ? ' " Invented by Tim Berners-Lee , the Web made accessing the Internet  no , they 're not the same thing  easier for millions . "  The really early users were total geeks , " Rainey said . "  They had to know coding . They had to know sophisticated prompts to get information from different places . They had to tell their computers so they would know exactly where to go . " That started changing as folks started opening their mailboxes and finding discs from Web-portal services like AOL , Compuserve and Prodigy . But even that more-accessible Internet was a far cry from what we know today . "  It was mostly a text experience that was dominated , to some degree , by websites of major publishers who were just trying to use this new platform to essentially replicate what they already had , " Rainey said . "  CNN.com was basically what was on television . The New York Times was basically what was in the paper . " Take a look at early versions of some of today 's most popular websites , and the contrast is stark . Now , the homepage for the White House features an elegant design that incorporates hundreds of links to videos , photo galleries , podcasts and other media . In 1996 , the same URL took you to a stretched-out glob of black text on a plain white background , topped by the oh-so-catchy headline "  Search White House Press Releases , Radio Addresses , Photos and Web Pages . " Go to Yahoo today , and you can scroll through a 95-image gallery of links to news stories , choose from a list of links to trending topics , check on your stocks or jump straight to Yahoo-owned services like Tumblr and Flickr . Time warp to 1996 , and there 's not a photo to be seen . Yahoo 's homepage featured little more than a pile of hyperlinks that left half the page blank . Oh , and that movie you streamed last night ? Or the song it took you 20 seconds to download from iTunes or Google Play ? Few Web users were even dreaming about them . "  If you had a music player or other streaming device , it was very scratchy , " Rainey said . "  Words were interrupted . There were lots of hiccups in the server . But people lived with that because it was kind of exciting to have it happening in the first place . " Wood concurs . For Web pioneers , and those who followed soon behind , experimenting with its emerging capabilities was , in part , its own reward . "  It 's like coffee culture versus tea culture , " he said . "  With coffee , you 're gulping it down , trying to get your caffeine . Tea culture is more sipping and experiencing the taste . "  We had a sipping culture back then , and now we have a gulping culture . That 's the big change . It was a small number of geeks who were tasting this concept for the first time . We were getting little bits . We were tasting them , and we were saying , ` How could this change the world ? ' "	Early Web adopters recall the slower , simpler online life of the '90s Tim Berners-Lee created the World Wide Web in March 1989 Slow connections limited what websites could deliver But in the '90s , just being able to access the Web was exciting for many
Rolling Stone  -- So here 's the great pop album everybody was hoping Adam Lambert would make , ever since he ran wild on "  American Idol " three years ago . It was n't just Glambert 's dynamite-with-a-laser-beam voice that got him into our national knickers : It was his warmth , his humor , his burlesque bravado . His 2010 debut , "  For Your Entertainment , " was a typical "  Idol " quickie -- decent , but it needed more personality . "  Trespassing " delivers , with a mix of tinsel disco-club sleaze and leather-boy love ballads . While he excels in a radio cheddar bomb like "  Naked Love , " he gets deeper in slow jams like "  Underneath " and "  Outlaws of Love . " But all over "  Trespassing , " Glambert sings everything like Zeus in a thong . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Trespassing " is Adam Lambert 's second album His 2010 debut , "  For Your Entertainment , " was a typical "  Idol " quickie "  Trespassing " delivers , with a mix of tinsel disco-club sleaze and leather-boy love ballads
CNN  -- One reader called me in tears . Dozens sent e-mails . The overwhelming message : What can we do to help low-income people in East Carroll Parish , Louisiana , which has the highest income inequality of any county or parish in the country ? CNN featured East Carroll Parish and Lake Providence , the parish 's largest town , as part of the Change the List project . It 's a place where about 40 % live in poverty and 16 % are unemployed . There 's wealth there , too , but it 's far from evenly distributed . Much of the response was incredibly heartwarming and generous . It reminded me that this country does have the empathy and caring it needs to mend our economic divisions . "  I just read portions of your story on Delores Gilmore , " a prison guard who lives on the poorer side of Lake Providence , "  and I am moved to tears , " one reader said in an e-mail . "  Although I know that structural change is the only way to truly help people like her , is there a way for me to make a donation to her and her family ? " Another wrote , "  Thank you for the enlightening story . I hope I can help some way . " And here 's an excerpt of what I think was the most powerful response , which I received by e-mail : "  I watched this video and read the article this morning sitting in my 1,400-square-foot house , on my iPad . By the end I was bawling . My family is middle-class and we want for nothing . My husband and I are both college graduates , have great benefits , and our two young children have everything they need or want . ... I have been one of those that bemoaned government assistance and had that ` bootstrap ' mentality . However , as your article suggests , how can that happen when there are places where there are no opportunities to be had ? " Because so many of you asked how to help , I 've compiled a list of a few nonprofit organizations that are helping people find jobs , paying people 's electric bills and strengthening neighborhoods in the area . You can find that list below . There 's information , too , on how to contact Gilmore , the woman featured in the op-ed "  The most unequal place in America " and the digital documentary "  Across Lake Providence . " I 'd also ask you to participate in CNN iReport 's "  Cross the Gap " project . Part of fixing America 's income inequality problems is first acknowledging how wide the rich-poor gap has become . If you have any further questions or would like more information , please send me an e-mail or a message on Twitter . NOVA Workforce Institute of Northeast Louisiana NOVA , based in nearby Monroe , Louisiana , provides jobs training programs in Lake Providence and surrounding communities . While I was in town , I met a woman who started her own restaurant in part because she was working with the group , and another man who was getting help with resumes and applying for work in the area . NOVA takes donations through its website . Together for Hope A project of the Cooperative Baptist Fellowship , Together for Hope tries to reduce poverty in some of the poorest communities in the United States . The group employs a missionary , Jenny Hodge , in Lake Providence . She has organized backpack drives and collected school supplies for all public school students in Lake Providence . Overall , the group focuses on neighborhood development , education and training and economic development . Hodge told me that while the group has a religious affiliation , "  our mission is not to start churches , evangelize or proselytize any specific denomination or faith group . " It 's trying to help everyone in the community . Together for Hope takes donations online . There 's a field where you can designate funds for Lake Providence , specifically , if you choose . Catholic Charities A satellite office of Catholic Charities is open in Lake Providence a couple days a week . The group primarily pays utility bills and rent for low-income residents in emergency situations , said Sister Bernadette Barrett , who works with the group locally . Donations can be made online through the Catholic Charities office in Shreveport , Louisiana . Note you want your money to be used in Lake Providence . Contacting Delores Gilmore Many of the messages I received were from people who were touched by the story of Gilmore , an overnight prison guard in Lake Providence who raised several children and has n't always had enough money to buy underwear and cleaning supplies . For those wanting to contact Gilmore directly , it 's best to go through CNN 's viewer communications department . Its number is 404-827-1500 . E-mail : storyidea@cnn.com . Thank you for the outpouring of interest and concern . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	CNN features a town in Louisiana with the nation 's highest income inequality John Sutter : Many readers are asking how they can help people in the area A group provides job training programs in Lake Providence and surrounding towns Catholic Charities helps low-income residents pay bills in emergency situations
Passengers on the Crown Princess are coming home early from a Caribbean cruise , thanks to a second nasty outbreak of gastrointestinal illness . Nearly 60 crew members and 114 passengers have reported illness on the current voyage , according to Princess Cruises . The ship was cleaned for the current sailing after nearly 400 people became ill on the last voyage . The new outbreak means the ship will return to port in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , on Thursday , two days early , for an extensive two-day cleaning , Princess Cruises said in a statement . "  We sincerely regret having to cut short our passengers ' cruise vacations because of this highly unusual situation . We will , of course , be refunding their cruise fare , arranging flights home , including covering change fees if air was not booked through Princess , providing hotel accommodation if necessary , and offering a 25 % future cruise credit , " the cruise line said . Princess is working with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Vessel Sanitation Program to combat what officials suspect is norovirus . Norovirus causes symptoms including diarrhea , vomiting and stomach pain , according to the CDC . It is spread from person to person through contaminated food or water or by touching contaminated surfaces . The enhanced cleaning will include "  thorough sanitization of all public spaces and surfaces including soft furnishing and carpets , railings , door handles and the like , " Princess said , and staterooms will be cleaned more than once before the next guests board . The next cruise is set to depart as scheduled on Saturday . A second Princess cruise ship , the Ruby Princess , also experienced a recent outbreak of gastrointestinal illness . More than 100 cases of illness were reported during a sailing that returned to port over the weekend .	Crown Princess cruise is cut short due to illness Ship will return to port two days early for two-day sanitation program Passengers will receive refunds and future cruise credits
Washington  CNN  The flight voice recorder aboard Germanwings Flight 9525 reportedly captured blaring cockpit alarms , warning co-pilot Andreas Lubitz to "  pull up " and that "  terrain " was ahead . But that was not enough to stop the aircraft from slamming into the French Alps . With reports that Lubitz apparently ignored those warnings , there are new calls from aviation experts to develop and deploy enhanced crash avoidance software that could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude . The technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles . If a pilot is incapacitated or ignores audible warnings , the plane 's flight guidance software could take over and plot a course to a safe altitude . In cars , these avoidance systems sometimes deploy brakes or slow a car down to a safer speed , and help maintain safe distances from other vehicles . The idea is not new . In fact , more than 10 years ago , following 9/11 , Airbus , the manufacturer of the doomed aircraft , was working to d evelop aircraft crash avoidance software with tech giant Honeywell -- in part to prevent jetliners from being flown into large buildings or mountains . But the project was ultimately scrapped . A spokesperson for Honeywell says the company has no plans to revive the project unless federal regulators demand it be put into cockpits or airlines ask for it . So far that has not happened . CNN also asked Airbus about the project , but the company had no comment . Former Department of Transportation Inspector General Mary Schiavo says pilots , regulators and the traveling public have , so far , not bought into claims that computers can do it better . "  For any situation where you are relieving the pilot 's control of their plane , there has been pushback not only from the pilots , but from airlines . There are some sectors that believe that ultimately the pilot must maintain overall control of the plane and that that is your best bet for a safe flight . " However , she adds , in the case of the Germanwings crash , "  this technology , I believe , would have saved the flight . Not only would it have saved this flight and the Germanwings passengers , it would also save lives in situations where it is not a suicidal , homicidal pilot . It has implications literally for safer flight across the industry . " Pilots ' groups point to numerous instances where a pilot 's training and perhaps unconventional thinking actually saved lives . For example , in 2009 Capt. C.B. Sullenberger crash-landed U.S. Airways flight 1549 into the Hudson River in New York , after a flock of geese was sucked into both of its engines and the A320 lost all thrust . The formal National Transportation Safety Board report on the crash said the main thing that contributed to the survivability of the accident was "  the decision-making of the flight crewmembers and their crew resource management during the accident sequence . " In other words , when Sullenberger decided to ditch the plane in the Hudson , he saved the 150 passengers and five crew members on board . Pilots say if a computer had taken over after it sensed the plane was headed for water , the outcome could have been very different . Commercial airline pilot John Barton says there are other considerations to take into account as well . "  In systems like this ... the control can not be taken back from the aircraft . Or , indiscriminately the aircraft could be taken over on just a normal flight and they  cockpit crew  would n't be able to get control back . I think it is going to take a long time to operationally test this kind of technology before it is foolproof . " He also worries that the autopilot software could be vulnerable to hackers . "  More and more people will come to know the technology . They will work on the technology and therefore there will be bad people that will be able to exploit that technology . That 's not a good thing . " But in an incident like the Germanwings tragedy , where a pilot is being blamed for the crash , Schiavo says there must be additional safeguards and that this technology would be a start . "  Most of the major commercial jetliner crashes in the last two or three years could have been saved with an override . " Barton says there are already plenty of safeguards in place in the United States . For example , he says , the Federal Aviation Administration rule that two people must always be in the cockpit during a flight might also have saved the Germanwings flight . That is a practice that several overseas carriers -- including Germanwings and its parent company , Lufthansa -- have now adopted . "  The solution to the problem simply is for the rest of the world globally to adhere to the standards that the United States has used forever , and that is sound hiring practices , safety and training and security practices . " Barton says .	Autopilot could have taken control of Germanwings flight and flown plane to safe altitude But some experts say taking control away from humans could lead to other dangers Another concern : Autopilot might be vulnerable to hackers
She arrived on a suspicious flight . Her story did n't sound right . And then there was the blood ... under her breasts . An airport security check in Spain led to an operating table for a passenger -- where , authorities said , they found she had tucked packs of cocaine in her breast implants . The Panamanian citizen landed at Barcelona 's Prat airport on a so-called "  hot flight , " one that came from a destination known for drug trafficking -- in this case Bogota , Colombia . Ninety percent of cocaine trafficked into the United States , for example , comes from Colombia , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . The passenger came under the scrutiny of security agents , who were n't satisfied with the vague answers she kept giving about why she was in town , Spain 's interior ministry said . Her behavior aroused the suspicion of officers that she might be carrying drugs either in her luggage or on her . When a female officer patted down the woman , she found bloodied bandage material under the passenger 's breasts . The gauze , the officer found , was covering incisions . And the breasts were hiding "  a white foreign material . " Fresh breast implants , the suspect mustered an explanation . Must not have healed up right . The story did n't convince police , who hauled her off to a hospital . "  There , a medical team extracted a bag-shaped prosthesis from each breast containing a white pasty substance , " the ministry said . Cocaine . Nearly 1.4 kilograms  3 lbs  of it . Pure cocaine goes for about $ 35,000 a pound , according to the DEA . The expensive implants landed her in jail .	The suspect landed on a "  hot flight " to Barcelona from Bogota , Colombia Her story just did n't sound right to border agents A pat-down revealed blood-stained bandage material A hospital removed breast implants full of cocaine
CNN  -- Call David X. Cohen a nerd all you like , but never call him a geek . To the co-creator of "  Futurama , " the term "  nerd " is a compliment . "  I feel like with ` nerd culture , ' -LSB- it sounds like -RSB- the nerds have triumphed , " he said . ` Geek ' has a negative connotation . I 'd rather be called a nerd . I love being called a nerd . " Back in 2003 , this particular nerd could n't believe it was all over for "  Futurama . " "  When we were canceled by Fox , we thought that was it , " Cohen recalled . "  We really did n't have any expectations at the time . It was really emotional because we spent four years locked in a dark room working on the show . I went on with my life and wrote a couple of pilots . " As the years went by , the network Adult Swim  a Time Warner property , along with CNN  started airing reruns of "  Futurama " along with "  Family Guy . " "  Family Guy 's " ratings and DVD sales convinced Fox to give it a second chance , and the rest is history . "  Futurama 's " ratings were similarly high , and once "  Family Guy " started putting feature-length episodes on DVD , a light bulb went off in Cohen 's head . " ` Family Guy ' blazed the trail with direct-to-DVD movies and got back on the air , " he said . "  We called Fox and told them every six months that , hey , ` Futurama ' is even more fitting for direct-to-DVD . " Finally , in 2007 , fans had their "  Futurama " back , in not one , but four direct-to-DVD movies . As a result of those sales , Comedy Central is starting a new season of the show on Thursday night . The first order of business : wrapping up what happened at the end of the last movie , when Fry , Leela , Bender and the rest of the crew were sucked into a wormhole . "  Our first episode is ` Rebirth , ' which is metaphorical but a surprisingly literal term -- our crew members are going to suffer some serious physical harm , " Cohen explained . "  Not for the squeamish , necessarily , but we will see the rebirth process as science has it in the year 3000 . " The most exciting new thing about this season of "  Futurama , " according to Cohen , is that it 's , well , new . "  I want to reassure our fans that this will be the real classic ` Futurama ' back to its original form . They supported us , and we want to repay them . " For fans who are probably wondering what happened between Fry and Leela , last seen kissing before that climactic trip , Cohen said their questions will be answered , all in good time : "  We 're going to be dealing with the surprising sci-fi consequences of that relationship . " Former Vice President Al Gore will also provide his voice , once again , just in time for the holidays . "  The holiday special 's going to focus on the future versions of Christmas , Kwanzaa and ` Robanukah , ' which Bender made up to get off of work . Gore will make his record-breaking fourth guest appearance , " Cohen said . "  We will have the classic pairing of Gore and Coolio , making his third appearance , playing Kwanzaa-bot . " "  Futurama " also has a big milestone to celebrate , thanks to that Comedy Central pickup : "  We will have our 100th episode with Mark Mothersbaugh and Devo . Leela leads the mutant people who live under the sewers in an uprising against the surface people . " iReporters love Futurama So what kind of brain power does it take to write a show with so many jokes revolving around nerdy topics ? "  My master 's degree -LSB- in physics and theoretical computer science -RSB- puts me in the middle of the pack -- we have had three science PhDs in our writers room , so no one is impressed with my master 's degree , " Cohen joked . "  We do sneak in a high-level math or physics equation , and we know few people get them , but they are hidden in the background , and we 'll reward a few viewers and hopefully make them lifelong ` Futurama ' fans . " One example of such nerdy humor will actually come to the forefront in the near future . "  Our tenth episode of the new season is written by Dr. Ken Keeler , and it involves the characters switching minds , and it becomes very complicated due to the nature of this to work our way back to the original body , and requires solving a mathematical problem , " Cohen explained . "  Ken actually proved a theorem critical to resolving the episode . We 're going to present a ` Futurama ' theorem . " Cracking jokes and breaking new scientific ground at the same time ? Fans of "  Futurama , " nerdy or otherwise , would n't want it any other way .	Seven years after being canceled by Fox , "  Futurama " is back -- on Comedy Central Co-creator David X. Cohen : " -LSB- Fans -RSB- supported us and we want to repay them " Cliffhanger from the end of the direct-to-DVD movies will be resolved Former Vice President Al Gore plays himself for the fourth time
NATO forces in Afghanistan will no longer use airstrikes against insurgent targets in civilian homes if "  other means " to deal with the targets are available , a spokesman said Monday . Forces "  will continue to conduct operations against insurgents who use civilian dwellings , but when there is concern over the presence of civilians ; air delivered munitions will not be employed while other means are available , " Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings said . The statement did not elaborate on what other means commanders would use . The shift comes after an airstrike last week in Logar province that killed 18 people , including women and children . It was the latest of several such strikes that have upset relations between Afghanistan and the United States . NATO forces said the strike occurred when soldiers returned fire during a mission targeting a Taliban leader . An ISAF spokesman said insurgents were killed and security forces seized weapons and explosives . Afghan President Hamid Karzai cut short a trip to China following the strike and summomed the commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan , Gen. John Allen , to demand an end to the strikes . "  The President said that such kind of operations were against the context of the strategic partnership agreement and Afghanistan wants them to be stopped , " the president 's office said in a statement Saturday . The change in policy will not hinder forces from pursuing insurgents , Cummings said . "  This restriction in no way limits our ability to take the fight to the enemy , " he said . "  Air dropped munitions against civilian dwellings represent a very small percentage of all of our air operations . " In the last six months , 10 of the 3,000 fixed-wing close air support missions flown by NATO involved strikes against civilian dwellings , Cummings said . Seven of those strikes resulted in civilian casualties , he said .	NATO to restrict airstrikes against civilian homes Airstrikes wo n't be used where there 's concern about civilian presence , NATO says The shift comes after a fatal strike last week
Farnborough , England  CNN  -- The Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 jet engine can spin at 1,200 miles per hour and deliver a mighty 75,000 pounds of thrust -- unless it 's made of Lego bricks . A version of the British manufacturer 's most up-to-date aircraft engine made up of more than 152,000 toy bricks was among the more unusual displays at this year 's Farnborough Air Show in the UK . The half-scale model , complete with spinning Lego turbines , took specialist company BrightBricks eight weeks to construct and is made up entirely of standard Lego parts . Read more : Flypasts and spaceships : Farnborough 2012 takes off Rolls-Royce apprentices advised on the design of the Lego version of the engine to ensure it was as accurate as possible . The real Trent 1000 ,  which is made from 30,000 components and weighs 5,800 kilograms , is currently being fitted onto Boeing 's new 787 Dreamliners . It is hoped the model will encourage young people visiting the show to consider careers in engineering . Or perhaps Lego . Paul Stein , Rolls-Royce 's chief scientific officer said : "  What we do is exciting and we hope that this representation of our technology will help to enthuse and inspire the potential scientists and engineers of the future about the career opportunities they could pursue . " Not everyone is convinced however . One Rolls-Royce representative quipped : "  Some people clearly have a lot of time on their hands . "	Rolls-Royce unveiled a half-size replica of their Trent 1000 engine The bespoke model took eight weeks to complete It features 152,455 Lego bricks and weighs a massive 5,800 kilograms
DOUGLAS , Arizona  CNN  -- It 's a tale of homeland security concerns blocking wildlife management , and the hue and cry that ensues . This photo , taken by Warner Glenn in 1996 , is believed to be the first of a live jaguar in the United States . When most people think of jaguars , they think of the jungles of Central and South America , not the remote desert ranges between the United States and Mexico . That region is known as mountain lion country , and that 's what rancher Warner Glenn thought he was tracking when he saddled up his mules on a summer day 12 years ago near Douglas , Arizona . Glenn has hunted mountain lions for 60 years , since he was eight years old . But Glenn was stunned when he saw what his hunting dogs had chased up to a high mountain perch . The rancher took what 's believed to be the first photo of a live jaguar in the United States . But it was n't his last . In 2006 , some 40 miles away , Glenn and his hunting party again cornered a jaguar -- a different one . Jaguars , an endangered species , have a breeding population in northern Mexico . Scientists believe there are no more than 120 left in the wild there . It 's believed that since 1910 , the cats are only visitors north of the border . They have been virtually unstudied here until recently . But Glenn and other conservationists worry that the possible return of breeding jaguars to the United States could be stopped in its tracks . The reason : the border fence . Last month the Department of Homeland Security waived 30 environmental laws to finish 470 miles of the fence by the end of the year . Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff told Congress that the agency continues to talk to some 600 landowners along the border to get their input . But in order to comply with the congressional mandate , he said , there is no time to deal with "  unnecessary delays caused by administrative processes or potential litigation . " "  We are currently in a lawless situation at the border , " says Chertoff . "  I feel an urgency to get this tactical infrastructure in . And although we 're going to be respectful of the environment , we 're going to be expeditious . " Two environmental groups , Defenders of Wildlife and the Sierra Club , have filed appeals with the U.S. Supreme Court , claiming the waivers are unconstitutional and set a dangerous precedent . "  National security and environmental protection do not have to be at odds with each other , " says Defenders of Wildlife spokesman Matt Clark . "  If we can drop this arbitrary deadline for constructing the fence and go through the proper procedures , then there are inevitably ways to minimize environmental impact , but as it is now it 's throwing all of those laws out the window . " Mountain lion tracker Jack Childs also worries about the impact of the fence on local wildlife , especially the jaguar . Childs captured the first video of a live jaguar in the late summer of 1996 , a few months after Warner Glenn . Watch Childs and Glenn talk about efforts to preserve the jaguar " "  I knew historically there had been a few jaguars sighted in Arizona but in the last hundred years never in any numbers . " His encounter sparked a passion for the big cats . Along with wife Anna and biologist Emil McCain , he created the Borderlands Jaguar Detection Project . See images of the controversy " Childs and McCain hike into remote mountain areas where the jaguars roam and have placed more than 50 motion sensor cameras near the border . They 've taken 69 photos of three different jaguars since 2001 , including several of the same cat Childs first saw in 1996 . He has nicknamed that cat Macho B . A jaguar 's spots are like fingerprints -- each cat has a unique set . One of the spots on Macho B resembles a Pinocchio cartoon figure , and that 's how they identify him . "  We spend a lot of time walking along the border during the daytime , and we actually find his tracks going through the fence , so we know for sure that he crosses back and forth , " says Childs . "  A fence like that is going to inhibit wildlife movements and migrations back and forth . It 's not going to effectively stop human traffic . They 've got wire cutters and torches . " See where the jaguars have been spotted " Childs says the fence also has an impact on wildlife because drug runners and human traffickers have been pushed up into the mountain areas to avoid the fence in the lowland valleys . "  It 's impacting the animals number one , what 's going on down there . It 's almost brought my wildlife study to a stop because they  the traffickers  are tearing down my cameras as fast as I 'm putting them up because they think we 're taking pictures of them . " The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service finds itself in a unique position . Its mission is wildlife and habitat protection , but it must uphold another federal agency 's mission to override environmental concerns . Bill Radke , manager of the San Bernardino Wildlife Refuge , says the Border Patrol is trying to work with his agency . "  The hope is that by working with Border Patrol that we can meet the national security mandate and at the same time protect the wildlife , " says Radke . "  Border Patrol is putting up camera towers but are putting them up on areas that are off the refuge . They 're working on barriers but not barriers that would impede wildlife and large animals like jaguars . " At 6 foot 6 , with steely blue eyes , dressed in leather chaps astride his mule , rancher Warner Glenn is every inch the American cowboy . And he is a man forever changed by his encounters with the jaguar . He has written a book , "  Eyes of Fire , " about his experience . He says he 'd like to "  invite Mr. Bush to come out on a mule " so he can see "  what 's going on here in these mountains . " For Glenn , the cat represents all that is wild about the Southwest . "  It would be a loss to me that maybe my granddaughter or my daughter would n't be able to see one like I have . It 's just an animal that 's a beautiful , magnificent cat and they 're having a little bit of trouble surviving . But they 're doing it , and I would hate to see us do anything that would cause the survival of that cat to go backwards . "  I 'm a livestock rancher , but I would n't mind donating a few calves to that jaguar , so to speak . " Biologist Emil McCain agrees . "  They are part of our natural heritage . They are part of the American West . They are part of the American wild as much as the bald eagle or the grizzly bear , and the jaguar is really special because it is such an elusive and beautiful creature -LSB- that -RSB- it evokes a sense of imagination and curiosity about the natural world . " Though the jaguar is elusive , conservationists say the animal is caught -- in the political crossfire at the border . E-mail to a friend	It is believed that jaguars in northern Mexico total no more than 120 Conservationists worry that border fence could prevent return of breeding jaguars Homeland Security officials have waived laws to make sure fence is completed Agencies look for solution that enhances security while preserving wildlife
CNN  -- The arrest of Jesse Matthew -- the suspect in the disappearance of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham -- has resulted in a "  significant break " in the 2009 death of another young woman in the same area , police said . Virginia State Police say there is a "  new forensic link " between the Hannah Graham case and the death of Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student , who went missing after attending a Metallica concert in Charlottesville in October 2009 . Her remains were found on a farm months later . Almost from the start , speculation was raised about the possibility of a connection between Graham 's disappearance and Harrington 's death . "  Certainly the question has arisen . It 's certainly a legitimate question , " Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo told reporters last week . No arrests have been made in Harrington 's case , and the cause of her death is still under investigation . The last major development in the Harrington case came in 2010 , when her slaying was connected to the kidnapping and sexual assault of another woman in Fairfax Virginia , in 2005 . That woman , who survived her ordeal , was able to provide police with enough of a description to make a sketch . That sketch is the closest thing to resolution that Harrington 's family has had . Police at the time did not give the name of the woman who gave the description and said only that "  forensic evidence " linked the two . The revelation that Matthew may be linked to Harrington 's death , and the fact that Harrington 's death is linked to the kidnapping and rape of the woman in Fairfax , raises even more questions . Police have not publicly connected the dots except to say that his arrest has given them a break in the investigation of Harrington 's death . The suspect , Matthew was being held in isolation in a Virginia jail cell . According to CNN affiliate WUSA , there are at least two other women besides Graham and Harrington who have disappeared from the same area since 2009 . Alexis Murphy , 17 , of Lovingston , and Samantha Clarke , 19 , of Orange also went missing there . In July , Randy Taylor , 49 , was sentenced to two life terms for Murphy 's 2013 abduction and murder , although her body was never found , WVIR reported . "  If you look at the map and place the many missing or murdered young women in our area , it is a startling graphic , " Harrington 's mother , Gil Harrington , told CNN last week . "  I mean it ` s a scatter pattern of loss . And either it ` s a cluster phenomena or to me -- to my eyes it ` s not unlikely that some of it , at least , is attributable to one top-tier predator . " Harrington did n't cite specific evidence for why she believes that at least some of the crimes might be the work of one person , but said she believes that solving the disappearance of Graham is key to unraveling the mysteries . "  Hannah is paramount right now . Her case is acute , " Gil Harrington said . Authorities took Matthew to Charlottesville , Virginia , on Friday after he agreed not to fight extradition from Texas , where he had been taken into custody after police obtained a warrant for his arrest on Tuesday . Where is Hannah Graham ? Investigators think he was the last person with Graham . He is charged with abduction with the intent to defile in the case , according to Charlottesville police . Graham was last seen September 13 in an area of Charlottesville known as the Downtown Mall . Police have asked owners of large parcels of property in surrounding counties to search their land and report back . Authorities are offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of the 18-year-old , a second-year student at the university . Matthew 's father has said his son is not the type to hurt anyone . "  For a big man , he 's as gentle as they come , " Jesse Matthew Sr. told CNN affiliate WTVR . "  The only thing I could see , him , maybe trying to give the girl a ride or help her out . " "  To kill or hurt somebody , that 's not my son . " Authorities found Matthew on a Galveston County beach after deputies got a call about a suspicious person camping there . A license plate check revealed he was wanted , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . Matthew did not resist arrest , police said . Mike Rodenberg , a vacationer who was fishing near the campsite when Matthew was arrested , said Matthew asked about why he was throwing some of his catch back . "  He seemed real nice . He was real soft-spoken , " Rodenberg said . "  He  said he was down here from New Jersey and was looking for a job . I told him if I caught another redfish he could have it . " In addition to Graham 's disappearance , Matthew also has been questioned in connection with an alleged sexual assault nearly 12 years ago . According to a statement from Lynchburg police , a woman reported she was raped on the campus of Liberty University on October 17 , 2002 . Matthew was a student there for three years and played on the football team . However , no charges were filed because the woman did n't want to go forward with the case , and investigators determined there was n't enough evidence to arrest Matthew , said Michael Doucette , the commonwealth 's attorney for Lynchburg . Matthew told authorities that the woman consented , Doucette said , adding that there were no witnesses . Hannah Graham disappearance : What we know CNN 's Steve Almasy , Jason Morris , Ed Lavandera , Jason Hanna , Jean Casarez , Ed Payne , Ben Brumfield and journalist Betsy Kaufman contributed to this report .	NEW : DNA links Jesse Matthew to death of Virginia Tech student , source says He 's also a suspect in the disappearance of student Hannah Graham The University of Virginia student was last seen on September 13
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Rob Thomas is a busy guy -- so busy , he apparently has n't had much time to check in with his Matchbox Twenty bandmates . Rob Thomas prefers to focus on the "  musician " side of his career , rather than "  celebrity . " We only know this because we ran into guitarist Paul Doucette at the BMI Pop Awards in Beverly Hills several weeks ago , where he was picking up a plaque for songwriter of the year . "  We 're interviewing Rob about his solo album , " I told him . "  Hey , " Doucette exclaimed . "  Tell that guy to call me , would you ? I did n't even know he was in L.A. ! " By the time we met up with Thomas the next day , he and Doucette had already connected over drinks somewhere between midnight and the morning -- musician 's hours . Thomas recently released "  Cradlesong , " his second solo CD . Even though he 's clearly excited about it , he spends as much time talking about Matchbox Twenty as he does the solo album he 's in town to promote . For the 37-year-old singer-songwriter , it 's all interconnected . One has fed into the other since he gained household name status a decade ago , after scoring a massive , Grammy-winning hit with Carlos Santana on "  Smooth . " Watch Thomas describe the difference between being a celebrity and a musician " The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Who has given you the best piece of advice ? Rob Thomas : Carlos -LSB- Santana -RSB- will constantly send you messages out of nowhere . Carlos will call me at 10 at night and be like , "  Listen , I had a dream about you , and so much good is happening , but there 's dark forces at work , and when you get out of here , I have this woman who wants to cleanse you . " I think Carlos ' most important piece of advice ever was that he taught me the difference between being a celebrity and being a famous musician . CNN : But some artists do n't have that kind of success , and they try for celebrity instead . Thomas : Sure , and sometimes that works -- but none of my favorites have done that . I remember when Matchbox Twenty started years ago , and we had a lot of success , but nobody knew who we were . The first time we did an interview with MTV , it was about how no one knew who we were . We had sold 8 million records . I do n't know if we were being naive at the time , but we thought we 'd won because our songs were more famous than we were . I 'm much more known for the music that I make than what I do with my life . It 's never , "  Oh yeah , I 've been seeing you in -LSB- the New York Post gossip column -RSB- Page Six at these clubs that you go to " or "  I know who you 're sleeping with . " CNN : When you became famous for being Rob Thomas the solo artist , did that cause problems within the band ? Thomas : No . I think the guys would rather it be me than them . None of them want the job , and they realize that it 's working now . They have a singer . I can go out and do it -LSB- publicity -RSB- for them , and they 're fine with it . They can stay home . I think there 's nothing more attractive than wealth and anonymity . If I 'm not out supporting my work , I really do n't want people to see me . I go to movie premieres -- my wife and I -- all the time , and nine out of 10 of those movie premieres , much to my publicist 's dismay , I get there , but I sneak around the pictures and get into the party -LSB- using the back entrance -RSB- . If I have a record coming out , I 'll go in front of the cameras , and I 'll say , "  Hi ! Hey , I 'm at this movie premiere . " I liken it to being a switch that I can move on and off . CNN : What has doing a solo project enabled you to do that you ca n't do with a band ? Thomas : I get to pick my own schedule , and that 's nice . Matchbox Twenty -- it 's four lead singers , there 's four front men , and everybody 's tastes , everybody 's schedule , everybody 's personal life comes into account when you 're doing something like that . We all live -LSB- in four different cities -RSB- ... so we literally have to pull ourselves up from all over the country and go somewhere , just to get us into a room to write . And you have to not think you 're so great so you do n't get upset when somebody does n't like your stuff . Like "  Her Diamonds " -- one of the singles on this solo album -- is one of my favorite songs that I 've ever written , and the guys loved the song , but did n't want to play it . -LSB- They said , -RSB- "  When you do a new solo record , you should put it on there . It does n't sound like a song we would do right now . " And they were right . When we put together the last Matchbox record , it was much more of a rock record . CNN : What 's the most surprising thing on your iPod ? Thomas : Britney Spears . Come on ! "  Toxic , " man , is just one of the baddest tracks ever ! I remember the first time we listened to " ... Baby One More Time . " ... We were like , "  Oh , let 's go play Britney Spears on the piano ! " And we all come over drinking , and after a couple of minutes , we 're like , "  This Britney Spears is a lot harder than we thought ! " CNN : Whose career would you like to emulate ? Thomas : Tom Petty is a famous musician . He 's not a music celebrity . When Tom Petty walks down the street , you know that it 's Tom Petty , but it would be like , "  Oh my gosh , it 's Tom Petty ! I love Tom Petty , right on ! " It would never be like , "  Aaaaaaaah ! " -- and 3 million teenage girls follow him down the street .	Rob Thomas of Matchbox Twenty has new album out , "  Cradlesong " Thomas says Matchbox Twenty is still very much together Singer : "  Nothing more attractive than wealth and anonymity "
CNN  -- The son of an Iranian woman facing imprisonment and possible execution by stoning has been told that Iranian authorities will contact him about his mother 's case Thursday , a human rights activist said Sunday . Mina Ahadi , chairwoman of the International Committee Against Stoning and Execution , said authorities contacted the son of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani on Sunday . They did not specify the nature of the information he would receive on Thursday . Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 , and was originally sentenced to death by stoning . Iranian authorities say the sentence has been put on hold , but there have been no reports as to whether a new sentence has been imposed . The 43-year-old mother of two is reportedly still being held held in Tabriz prison . Iran 's judiciary could reinstate her sentence of death by stoning , execute her by another means , or possibly even grant her a reprieve , according to human rights groups . Ashtiani 's attorney , Mohammad Mostafaei , told CNN earlier this month that his client confessed to the crime after being subjected to 99 lashes . He said she later recanted the confession and denied any wrongdoing . Mostafaei has gone into hiding since last weekend after being interrogated by Iranian authorities , human rights groups say . Advocates and Mostafaei say his wife and brother-in-law are being held by Iranian authorities . A letter believed to be written by Mostafaei was posted on the Internet on Saturday , calling for the release of his relatives . The lawyer says he has cooperated with interrogators , and says his wife and brother-in-law are victims of of "  hostage taking . " Mostafaei said he and his family are innocent of any wrongdoing . CNN 's Gena Somra contributed to this report .	Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 Iranian authorities say the sentence has been put on hold There have been no reports on whether a new sentence has been imposed
CNN  -- With all sides vowing politicking is n't in order , Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney got a close-up view Friday of the devastation caused this week by Hurricane Isaac -- days ahead of a visit by his November foe , President Barack Obama . Romney went to Louisiana 's Jefferson Parish , glimpsing the flooding and downed trees along with Gov. Bobby Jindal and Sen. David Vitter , both fellow Republicans . The former Massachusetts governor , accompanied by his wife , Ann , said the trip was "  to learn and obviously to draw some attention to what 's going  on  here ... so that people around the country know that people down here need help . " Hours earlier , the White House announced that Obama canceled a trip to Cleveland and would instead head Monday to Louisiana . Obama will meet officials dealing with Isaac 's impact and "  making sure that unmet needs are being met and that the federal response led by FEMA is helping citizens in the affected areas and the state and local officials who are responding to the storm , " White House press secretary Jay Carney said . The president on Friday addressed the situation to start his speech to troops in Fort Bliss , Texas . He vowed the government will "  keep doing everything that it can " to help those suffering due to the storm . "  As a country , we stand united with our fellow Americans in their time of need , " Obama said . Jindal echoed that view , saying he was "  thrilled " both major party 's presidential nominees were making time to visit his state . "  There 's no time for partisan politics in Louisiana at this point in time , " Jindal said . Mary Landrieu , the Democratic senator from Louisiana , made a political point directed at Romney during a news conference in Plaquemines Parish . She said she hopes the Republican nominee will realize the importance of the Army Corps of Engineers and its projects that tackle hurricanes and storm damage . She called the agency 's budget "  underfunded . " "  Two billion dollars is not nearly enough new investment in core infrastructure for our nation , so one of the things I hope  Romney  sees firsthand when he 's here is that , " she said . "  I realize he 's all about cutting the federal budget , but this is one agency that absolutely can not take any additional cuts , " she said . Isaac made landfall on the seventh anniversary of Hurricane Katrina , which overwhelmed levees and contributed to nearly 1,800 deaths . After slamming into the United States as a Category 1 hurricane on Tuesday , Isaac weakened considerably but still dumped ample rain as it headed north through Arkansas and toward Missouri . "  There are some individuals in the metropolitan area of New Orleans that have suffered damages in excess of what they suffered during Katrina , " said Mayor Mitch Landrieu , where 20 inches of rain fell , according to the National Weather Service . With 25 mph sustained winds , the tropical depression moved Friday night into the Middle Mississippi River Valley , where it is expected to dump several more inches of rain , the National Weather Service said . By Saturday night , it should start affecting the Ohio River Valley . Already , Isaac caused at least 19 deaths in Haiti while churning north from the Caribbean and into the Gulf of Mexico and then another four in Louisiana and Mississippi . It has also left its share of destruction and headaches , many of which persisted on Friday . That includes hundreds of thousands without power around the Gulf Coast , including 430,000 Entergy Louisiana customers Friday evening . Such such storm-related problems led the Louisiana Department of Agriculture and Forestry to offer up to 50 gallons of fuel per day for purchase by dairy farmers who were without power . The same department noted more than 160,000 gallons of diesel and 138,000 gallons of unleaded fuel had been requested by hospitals , law enforcement agencies and other emergency operators . Floodwaters remained high , meanwhile , in numerous parishes where the lingering heavy rain combined with storm surges to inundate scores homes and businesses . In Plaquemines Parish , for instance , officials intentionally breached a levee to help drain floodwater in nearby communities . The bodies of a man and woman were found in 7 feet of water in the kitchen of a home in the parish , officials said late Thursday . An autopsy will determine the cause of the death for the couple , Nungesser said . In St. Tammany Parish , a Slidell resident was killed while driving through four feet of floodwater , state police said . Ascension Parish announced voluntary evacuations for parts of the region . Animals have also been impacted -- from the 94 cats and dogs in shelters in Alexandria and another 63 in Haughton , to state authorities waiving restrictions to allow beef cattle to be evacuated from Louisiana to Texas . The storm had a "  major impact " in Mississippi , Gov. Phil Bryant said . The state was among those soaked by the storm , including 17 inches in Kiln . A falling tree killed a tow truck driver in the state as he was attempting to clear debris on a road , officials said . Water levels at 700-acre Lake Tangipahoa dropped Friday as authorities pumped water from it , meaning a damaged earthen dam may not have to be breached , Mississippi Emergency Management spokesman Brett Carr said . "  We do n't know if it 's going to be enough , " said Carr of the water level drops . "  We are clearing land in preparation for the cut . " Residents living within a half-mile of the Tangipahoa River , which runs from the lake south into Louisiana , remain under an evacuation order . Officials in Louisiana say two bridges in Tangipahoa Parish have been closed because the river 's water level has been too high . Amid such continued challenges and the massive clean-up , there were also signs Friday of life returning to normal . Days after closing off the waterway , the Coast Guard captain at the New Orleans port on Friday reopened the Mississippi River , from Baton Rouge to the mouth of the river , to limited vessel traffic . "  Although the Mississippi River was heavily impacted by the storm , the navigational channel is in good condition . The Coast Guard is working with the maritime industry to respond to a number of ship groundings and barge strandings along the riverbank caused by the river surge and high winds of the storm , " the Coast Guard said . And Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport officials said Friday that flights had resumed and commercial power had been restored . Terrebonne Parish in Louisiana announced , meanwhile , that its curfew had been lifted , its government offices reopened and its public transit system was back in operation -- though a boil water advisory remains in effect . Jindal praised the selfless actions of people , like a caretaker who stayed behind to help nursing home patients despite losing homes during Isaac and Katrina . "  I 'm in awe of the generosity and resilience of the people , " he said . CNN 's Brian Todd and Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : What 's left of Isaac is headed toward the Ohio River Valley NEW : Mississippi lake 's levels are dropping , so a breach may not be needed Romney says his Louisiana trip was to "  to learn and  draw  attention " to people 's plight Obama , who will visit Monday , vows the federal government will help those suffering
CNN  -- During the first presidential debate Wednesday night , the candidates talked a lot about how they would lower the cost of your medical care . Heavy on data and large numbers , the debate may not have been the easiest to follow for Americans interested in the subject . Ken Thorpe , an Emory University economist who specializes in health care costs , may have been one of the few excited by all these numbers . "  It was about as substantive a debate as I think we 've ever seen , " Thorpe said . "  The problem is , even after this debate , I do n't think people truly understand the similarities and the differences in what these candidates are proposing for health care . " Fact Check : Would repeal of Obamacare hike seniors ' drug costs ? Here are five things you should know about what the candidates said about health care in last night 's debate : 1 . You do pay more for health insurance , but Obama 's policy is n't totally to blame . The first mention of health care came about six minutes into the debate . Discussing how "  middle-income Americans have been buried " financially under the president 's policies , Republican challenger Mitt Romney said health care costs have gone up by $ 2,500 a family . Each year , health care costs have gone up during Obama 's administration -- that is true . But experts say the increases have not been due to policy , but because of the rising cost of health care . The figure Romney used is not quite right . The Kaiser Family Foundation , which conducts an annual survey of health care costs , found that since 2008 the average family premium has gone up about $ 1,698 . For context , that is the total cost that you and your employer pay -- it 's not $ 1,698 out of your pocket . In fact , the report said the increase you personally pay was not "  statistically significant . " Rising health care costs are a significant problem , though . The same survey found that the average premiums for family coverage have increased a whopping 113 % since 2001 . That means the trend started long before President Barack Obama took office . Romney takes debate to Obama over economy , health care 2 . Medicaid and Medicare fraud is a huge problem and more needs to be done . Obama 's first specific reference to health care described how the administration pursued medical fraud in Medicare and Medicaid "  more aggressively than ever before , " which saved the system tens of billions of dollars . Medicare and Medicaid fraud is what one expert called "  one of the most profitable crimes in America . " It costs taxpayers billions of dollars annually -- $ 60 to $ 90 billion a year , based on government estimates . That 's money that could be better spent on taking care of actual health care costs . Fact Check : Would Romney bankrupt Medicare by 2016 ? Historically , it was up to states to police this problem , but the fraud grew too big for them to handle . A Republican-backed bill called the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 created the Medicaid Integrity Program , which gives the federal government the ability to oversee and support states ' anti-fraud efforts . The Obama administration launched several key programs to protect against fraud . They have saved taxpayers billions ; however , a Government Accountability Office investigation concluded that while progress has been made under Obama , more could be done . In a report this June , in fact , it found at least one of the major programs -- an audit conducted by the government -- costs taxpayers $ 102 million , but only found $ 20 million in excess payments . "  They have certainly been increasing their work in this area , " Thorpe said . "  A certain kind of focus definitely did help eliminate some of this fraud . " Health care act 's glaring omission : Liability reform 3 . Sending Medicaid back to the states would save the federal government money , but cost states more and adversely impact those using the benefits . Obama criticized Romney 's idea of sending Medicaid back to the states . He argued that this would mean a "  30 % cut in the primary program  for  seniors who are in nursing homes , for kids who are with disabilities . " The plan GOP vice-presidential candidate Paul Ryan , as the head of the House Budget Committee , suggested in April -- which Romney adopted as his own -- would cut $ 1.4 trillion in Medicaid in the next 10 years . It would accomplish this by converting the program into a block grant that would in large part shift costs to the states , which Romney argued would give states more flexibility to do what they deem best to help their Medicaid population . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office conducted an analysis of the proposal , which found that it would save the federal government a significant amount . Medicaid costs would be 49 % lower by 2030 than current spending under Ryan 's plan . That 's because the block grant spending caps the cost and makes fewer adjustments . The CBO concluded that while the federal government would save money , the states would "  face significant challenges in achieving sufficient cost savings . " In Wednesday night 's debate , Romney spelled out how he would adjust spending behind these block grants . "  I would like to take the Medicaid dollars that go to states and say to a state , ` You 're going to get what you got last year , plus inflation , plus 1 % , and then you 're going to manage your care for your poor in the way you think best , ' " he said . That formula does n't account for rising health care costs  remember the cost of health insurance has gone up 113 % since 2001  , nor does it account for the aging population . With "  baby boomers " getting older , there will be 63 million more people over 60 by the time 2030 comes around , according to U.S. Census projections . Health care costs would go up significantly to accommodate this 20 % increase in the number of people over 60 who will need more health care . Nor does Romney 's formula account for economic downturns where more people would qualify for the Medicaid program , like the current government formula -- which would leave the states in a much more uncertain position . The CBO analysis concludes about these block grants that these proposed cuts would "  likely force states to scale back their Medicaid programs considerably . " Since poor people , seniors , and people with disabilities make up the majority of those who receive Medicaid , "  they 'd be hit the hardest . " New report compares Obama , Romney health care plans 4 . Romney 's accusation that Obama cut Medicare by $ 716 billion is misleading . In the debate , Romney said 10 times that Obama was paying for his health care package by taking the money from Medicare recipients ' pockets , cutting $ 716 billion out of the program . "  To balance the additional cost of Obamacare is , in my opinion , a mistake , " Romney said . In his closing statement , he promised to restore that amount . Dozens of bipartisan fact-checkers say that number , often repeated by the Romney/Ryan campaign , is misleading . Where does it come from ? It 's the figure mentioned in a letter from the Congressional Budget Office sent to House Speaker John Boehner in July . Boehner had asked for an analysis from the CBO if Congress could repeal Obamacare , something Romney said he would do if elected . "  Spending for Medicare would increase by an estimated $ 716 billion " over the next decade , the analysis said . That means Medicare would cost the government more . Obama 's health legislation does not mean people will see cuts to their benefits . Hospitals and health care providers will , but that 's what they agreed to in exchange for the Affordable Care Act 's mandate that people have health insurance . If more people have health insurance , hospitals will have to care for fewer of the uninsured . Uninsured patients cost significantly more to care for than patients who are insured . It is unclear what impact the cuts would have on the Medicare program . Romney argues providers will accept fewer Medicaid patients . In the debate he said , "  Some 15 % of hospitals and nursing homes say they wo n't take any more Medicare patients under that scenario  Obamacare  . " Medicare 's own independent actuary , which it uses to analyze changes in the program , has warned that these planned cuts to pay providers ' bills will force some doctors to stop accepting Medicare patients . 5 . The Cleveland and Mayo Clinics do it better . The candidates agreed during the debate that more needs to be done to control the cost of health care . Obama praised the Cleveland Clinic as a model for new ways of controlling the cost of care . "  They actually provide great care cheaper than average , " he said . "  And the reason they do is because they do some smart things . " One approach he highlighted was the collaborative approach of the clinic 's doctors . Instead of each doctor ordering a different test , they meet and decide as a team how to approach the patient 's problem . This prevents duplication . The team of doctors also provides preventive care . Obama has held the clinic up as a model throughout his time in office . He visited it in 2009 . It is a top-ranked teaching hospital that attracts patients from around the world . An analysis done by the Dartmouth Atlas of Health Care found that the Cleveland Clinic did treat Medicare patients for tens of thousands of dollars less than many other medical centers . One of the big differences between the Cleveland Clinic and other hospitals is that it and other multi-specialty clinics like the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota employ their own doctors and can create these teams . In most traditional hospitals , doctors are independent private practitioners who are left to making their own choices . Cleveland Clinic 's success secret Because Cleveland Clinic 's doctors are paid fixed salaries , there is less incentive to do unnecessary tests or procedures compared to a doctor who works on a fee-for-service basis . As of right now , Medicare acts a lot like those traditional hospitals do , Thorpe said . "  If you take the typical patient who is chronically ill , they will be overweight or obese , they suffer from bad cholesterol , hypertension , asthma and diabetes -- that means they take 10 to 15 medications and there is no team-based care , " he said . "  Going to separate doctors with their own plans is expensive . These integrated group plans work well and the ongoing preventive care they provide -- working with doctors , nutritionists , nurses , nurse practitioners and the rest -- ultimately save on costs . " Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks	A survey finds average health care premiums for families are up 113 % since 2001 Medicare and Medicaid fraud remains a huge problem An accusation of $ 716 billion in Medicare cuts is misleading The Cleveland Clinic is held up as a success model
EW.com  -- "  The Closer " closed out Kyra Sedgwick 's involvement in the series on Monday night , installing Mary McDonnell in her place , in a "  new " series , "  Major Crimes . " While I have no inside information about how McDonnell was originally cast in "  The Closer , " I 'm led to think , based on the premiere episode that aired after the "  Closer " finale , that she was never intended to be the new star of the show . Because the new show is , I believe , an inevitable disappointment for hardcore "  Closer " fans . As for those of us who are Mary McDonnell fans ? Ambivalence reigns ! First of all , the exit of Sedgwick 's Brenda Leigh Johnson .  This is your SPOILER ALERT . "  The Closer " series finale brought closure to Deputy Chief Johnson 's career , as she faced off with her long-running arch-nemesis , the serial rapist Philip Stroh  Billy Burke  . Then Johnson abruptly accepted a new job  something like chief of bureau of investigations L.A. liason officer in the D.A. 's office -- it sounded like the longest-titled cushy job possible  and lit out , munching a signature bit of junk food . Over the years , "  The Closer " had become a light-comedy crime show with heavy-handed humor performed not just by Sedgwick but also the supporting cast that has migrated over to "  Major Crimes , " especially G.W. Bailey , whose slow burns have become endless fuming , and , only by contrast to a lesser extent , Tony Denison , Michael Paul Chan , Raymond Cruz , and Phillip P. Keene .  I 've always found it interesting that Denison and Chan are veterans of two , need I say superior , Michael Mann TV shows , Crime Story and Robbery Homicide Division -- indeed , many of Chan 's gestures and body language when he enters a crime scene strongly echo his moves in RHD , and I 'd bet that 's where he picked up those good habits , from Mann 's heavily-researched series . Ryan Lochte books ' 90210 ' gig In previous guest-star turns , McDonnell 's Captain Sharon Raydor has clashed with Johnson and her crew , with her maddeningly  to them  methodical , by-the-book manner . Me , I 've always found Raydor 's serene assurance a palliative to the twitchy eccentricity of Emmy Award-winning Segwick 's Johnson .  As she proved on "  Battlestar Galactica , " nobody does soothing sensibleness better than McDonnell . "  Major Crimes " went out of its way to announce , in one character 's words , "  we 're changing the focus of -LSB- the -RSB- major crimes -LSB- unit -RSB- " -- that is , from a viewer 's vantage point , from an emphasis on the case-closing interrogation  Johnson 's trademark speciality , from whence the earlier series got its title  to , as a lawyer phrased it in "  Major Crimes ' " first hour , a "  new deal-making paradigm that -LSB- Raydor -RSB- wants to put in place . " Me , I like this approach -- it 's closer to being the TV equivalent of a police procedural novel crossed with a legal thriller , if well-done . Unfortunately , the first "  Major Crimes " suffered from obviousness and snail 's - pace plotting . ` Joe Schmo ' back on Spike TV In other words , slow-and-steady  and by-the-book  wins the race ... but not necessarily the hearts of viewers . "  Major Crimes " is engineered to be as sober as Raydor 's dark horn-rim glasses , whereas "  The Closer " was as bright and lively as Johnson 's trench coats and candy wrappers . The new show tried to start something in Raydor 's personal life , with her taking in homeless Rusty , but , boy , does that dynamic look dull . I am rooting for Mary McDonnell to succeed on television once again . But she needs a better vehicle than this . She needs , deserves , a series at least as clever and complex as , say , "  The Good Wife . " Because I have some doubt that , a few weeks in , she and TNT are going to succeed with this good new boss . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Closer " closed out Kyra Sedgwick 's involvement in the series on Monday night "  The Closer " series finale brought closure to Deputy Chief Johnson 's career Mary McDonnell stars in the spin-off "  Major Crimes "
CNN  -- He thought the bleeding was a hemorrhoid , brought on by a strenuous weightlifting session at the gym . He thought the fatigue was due to his life on the road , performing coast-to-coast with the band Alabama 's lead singer , Randy Owen . He thought at 42 , he was too young to get a colonoscopy . Then the excruciating pain hit . Wade Hayes , the country musician best known for his No. 1 hit "  Old Enough to Know Better , " spent Thanksgiving in the hospital . His intestine had collapsed in on itself -- a condition called intussusception . Intussusception blocks food and liquid from passing through the intestine and cuts off the blood supply to the rest of the digestive tract , according to the Mayo Clinic . Normally found in children , it 's rare in adults unless caused by an underlying condition . For Hayes , that underlying condition was stage IV colon cancer . Doctors discovered a large tumor had caused the collapse . And that was n't the end of the bad news . The cancer had metastasized , or spread . Surgeons removed approximately 70 % of Hayes ' liver and more than 20 inches of his large intestine . "  You just do n't expect a man in his young 40s , who was perfectly healthy in every other way , to get this kind of diagnosis , " says Hayes ' manager , Mike Robertson . "  There was a part of me that was going , ` Surely this ca n't be happening . ' " Colorectal cancer -- often referred to as colon cancer -- is the third leading cause of cancer death in both men and women , according to the American Cancer Society . It 's also the most preventable . Colorectal cancer usually develops slowly , over the course of 10 to 15 years , from noncancerous polyps . Approximately 90 % of new cases occur in people over the age of 50 . The American Cancer Society recommends colonoscopies every 10 years for people beginning at that age , unless they have high risk factors such as a family history of colorectal cancer or another gastrointestinal disease . Colonoscopies can spot and remove polyps before they become malignant . Coming clean about my first colonoscopy "  Oftentimes , -LSB- colorectal cancer -RSB- has no symptoms , " says Dr. Paul Limburg , a gastrointestinal cancer prevention specialist at the Mayo Clinic who has not treated Hayes . "  The most important message is that people really should understand that screening should be done regularly . It could make a substantial difference in the number of lives saved . " Hayes had no family history of gastrointestinal disease , which is one of the reasons he ignored his symptoms for so long . In fact , when he walked into the hospital in November , he was in better shape than everyone in the waiting room , Robertson remembers . Since then , Hayes has lost 50 pounds and is struggling to regain a sense of normalcy through multiple rounds of chemotherapy . He 's fighting an uphill battle -- a 2004 study published in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute estimated the five-year survival rate for stage IV colon cancer to be 8.1 % , and an institute study of cancer data put the survival rate at 6 % . "  It hurts like hell , " Hayes says of his recovery . "  I always thought of myself as a man 's man , but I just discovered what a wuss I am . " Thankfully , Hayes is anything but alone in Nashville . Willie Nelson called from Hawaii to wish him well . Kix Brooks helped him connect with the best doctors in the city . Jay DeMarcus from Rascal Flatts arranged for a private room at Vanderbilt hospital . "  That part of it has been really shocking for me . I had no idea how many people cared about me or even knew I existed . " Robertson says that 's the kind of person Hayes is -- modest to a fault ; an introvert who enjoys reading detective dramas and has no desire to just sit around . Hayes lives with his dog , Jack , a boxer he found as a stray , eating out of the garbage at a filling station 75 miles from Nashville . He loaded the starving , tick-covered dog into the back of his truck and took him home , where Jack proceeded to chew on everything in sight . "  He 's very lovable but a pain the ass -- just like me , " Hayes says with a laugh . Hayes ' scans were clear of tumors in early March . But the musician still has four more months of chemotherapy to go . Chemo has left his hands and mouth incredibly sensitive . Food tastes funny , and touching anything cold feels like "  being electrocuted . " Some days , he has trouble gripping his guitar . He performed at the Stars Go Blue benefit concert for Colorectal Cancer Awareness Month on March 6 but had trouble singing because of the chemo 's effects on his vocal cords . He 's eager to get back to writing music , but the chemotherapy chemicals invading his body make it difficult to concentrate . "  He 's seen something taken away that he 's very passionate to get back to , " Robertson says of Hayes ' impatience . "  He 's always bounced back from everything . I think he thought he 'd have the surgery , and then . ... The recovery has taken longer than he expected . " Still , Hayes is doing his best to help the process along . Studies have shown that environmental and dietary factors can influence your risk of colorectal cancer , according to Limburg . A low-fat , high-fiber diet is good , as is regular exercise . "  In general , things that are healthy overall , are healthy for your colon , " Limburg says . So Hayes is eating less red meat , more fruits and vegetables . He 's sold his house in the city and is hoping to buy a small farm in the country . Most importantly , he 's speaking out about getting screened early and often . "  If I had caught it early , I would n't be where I am now . " For more information on colorectal cancer , visit Cancer.org .	Country singer Wade Hayes was diagnosed with stage IV colon cancer in November Hayes is 42 years old and has no family history of gastrointestinal disease Colorectal cancer is the third leading cause of cancer death in both men and women
Cairo  CNN  An Egyptian court has ruled that Hamas is a terrorist organization , according to an Egyptian state-run media organization . Hamas , the Islamist group which dominates the Gaza strip , has been at odds with the Egyptian government since the country 's former President , Mohammed Morsy , was ousted in a coup in the summer of 2013 . Morsy was a member of the Muslim Brotherhood , an Islamist political organization that shares deep ties with Hamas . The government formed after Morsy 's ouster designated the Brotherhood as a terrorist group in December 2013 ; since then , many of its leaders have been charged with supporting terrorism . Hamas quickly denounced the decision at a news conference . "  It is a shocking and dangerous decision that targets the Palestinian people , " Fawzi Barhoum , a Hamas spokesman , said at a news conference . "  It will directly contaminate the reputation of Egypt . " CNN has attempted to reach Mousa Abu Marzouk , the Hamas representative in Egypt , for comment . For years Egypt has played a major role in peace negotiations between Israel and various Palestinian factions , with Egypt being seen as fairly impartial by both sides . It 's possible the new ruling will affect Egypt 's position as a mediator between the two sides . The United States and European Union have both designated Hamas as a terrorist organization . Egypt 's Urgent Matters Court based its ruling on Hamas in part on claims the organization had supported insurgents who have staged attacks in the Sinai Peninsula , a region that has been fraught with instability in recent months . The armed wing of Hamas , the al Qassam Brigades , was designated a terror group by the same court last month . This ruling comes a week after Egypt passed the Terrorist Entities Law , which spells out how to declare a group a terrorist organization , according to Ahmed Ragheb , head of the National Group for Human Rights and Law . That new law states that the prosecutor general has to propose declaring a terrorist organization ; that decision has to approved by the appeals court , Ragheb said . That means the court that made the decision did not have authority to do so . Typically , foreign policy decisions in Egypt are left to the executive branch of government . Under the law , authorities can also issue travel bans and freeze the assets of terror designees . CNN 's Sara Mazloumsaki and journalist Sarah Sirgany contributed to this report .	Hamas spokesman says decision will "  contaminate the reputation of Egypt " Hamas has been at odds with the Egyptian government since the ousting of Mohammed Morsy as President The ruling comes a month after the al Qassam Brigades was designated a terror group
CNN  -- A Sudanese plane that was hijacked shortly after taking off from Nyala in the country 's Darfur region , presumably by rebels , has landed in Kufra , Libya , said Sudan 's ambassador to the United States . "  I believe since it started in the sovereign state of Darfur . ... It is more likely something to do with the rebels in that area , " John Ukec said . About 87 passengers and 10 crew members are thought to be on board , Ukec said . It was unclear how many hijackers were on board . The hijacker or hijackers wanted to land the plane in Egypt , but the Egyptian government refused them permission , Ukec said . However , an Egyptian civil aviation official disputed that . "  The hijacked plane never entered Egyptian airspace , " said Capt. Shirbeeni , the head of Egypt 's civil aviation control . "  It never requested to land on Egyptian soil . ... We understand that it had a tank that would allow it to fly for four hours . It flew directly toward Kufra . " A reporter from Al-Shuruq , a Dubai-based Sudanese network funded by Sudan 's government , said passengers on the plane include some officials from the interim government of Darfur , Sudan 's war-torn region . Libya 's state-run Jamahirya television , citing civil aviation sources , reported that the hijacked plane landed in Kufra , in eastern Libya . "  We are in contact with Libyan officials because of this dangerous event , " Murtada Hassam Jumaa , an official with Sun Air airlines , told Al-Shuruq . "  We want to resolve this situation as soon as we can in a way where we can guarantee the safety of all our passengers . " Asked whether the airline received any threat before the flight took off , he said , "  There were no signs of any terrorist or criminal activity on the plane . We checked the plane like we do with all other planes . We followed the regular security checkup . We still do n't have any information on what type of weapons were used . " Jumaa also said 87 passengers were on board the plane . The hijacking follows a Monday attack involving Sudanese government troops at the Kalma refugee camp , 25 kilometers  15.5 miles  from Nyala . It was unclear whether the incidents are related . The United Nations African Mission in Darfur said the government of Sudan reported that its military and police forces were granted a search warrant for drugs and weapons and raided the camp in executing the warrants . UNAMID said 60 government vehicles surrounded the camp . The refugees resisted the government 's attempts to enter the camp , however , and "  the situation escalated into confrontation and exchange of gunfire , with no indication as to who started it . " The gunfire lasted about two hours , UNAMID said . "  On the basis of information provided to the UNAMID team while on site , the casualty toll amounted to 64 killed and 117 wounded , of which 49 were evacuated by UNAMID to the Nyala hospital , " the organization said in a written statement . Sudanese military and police were heavily armed , the organization said , but the refugees had only sticks , knives and spears . Sudanese security forces reported that they were met by a human shield of women and children , with gunfire coming from behind them , prompting them to return fire . "  UNAMID strongly condemns the excessive , disproportionate use of lethal force by the -LSB- government -RSB- security forces against civilians , which violated their human rights and resulted in unacceptable casualties , " the UNAMID statement said . CNN 's Hosam Ahmed in Cairo , Egypt , contributed to this report .	Passengers include officials from Darfur 's interim government , reporter says Sudanese plane hijacked shortly after taking off from Darfur region Almost 100 passengers and crew were aboard plane It is n't known whether hijacking is related to government gunfight with refugees
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Trinnette Morris and her group of girls followed in President Obama 's footsteps when they stopped at Ben 's Chili Bowl during a recent visit to Washington . Barack Obama pays for a chili dog during a visit to Ben 's Chili Bowl in January . "  I just put on my Facebook page last night that we 're on Obama watch for the girls , " said Morris , of West Palm Beach , Florida . She was waiting for breakfast with her 9-year-old niece , her best friend and her friend 's two young daughters at the landmark U Street restaurant -- one of the first places Barack Obama visited after arriving in the capital in January . District of Columbia tourism officials hope the Obama family 's presence in Washington will help boost visitor interest in the city , as destinations worldwide struggle with a drop in travel . "  Having a young , photogenic , African-American first family is really great for D.C. , " said Bill Hanbury , CEO of Destination DC , the city 's tourism organization . "  They 're going to restaurants , they 're going to sporting events , they 're outside at the White House playing on their jungle gym . You know it shows D.C. as a real city , not just a city of monuments and memorials . " See photos of the president around town " So far this year , hotel occupancy rates in the city are down less than in many competing markets , but how the capital city fares in the tourism downturn really will be determined as the peak season heats up . To take advantage of public curiosity about what the first family is doing around town , Destination DC has posted an Obama itinerary on its Web site that features many of the local spots the president has visited . If you want to explore beyond the typical presidential stomping grounds of the White House and Capitol , here are a handful of Obama-approved places you might want to check out . Ben 's Chili Bowl Chili dogs may not figure prominently into the president 's health-conscious diet , but President Obama has been spotted tucking into one at Ben 's Chili Bowl . Ben and Virginia Ali opened this neighborhood eatery in 1958 on U Street in then-segregated Washington . The U Street corridor was known as "  Black Broadway " because performers such as Duke Ellington , Miles Davis and Ella Fitzgerald played and socialized in local clubs and restaurants . The restaurant weathered neighborhood upheaval , decay and rebirth to celebrate its 50th anniversary last year . On January 10 , then president-elect Obama came into "  The Bowl " with Washington Mayor Adrian Fenty and sampled the restaurant 's signature chili half-smoke -- a smoked sausage served on a bun with chili , mustard and onions . Watch the co-owner of Ben 's Chili Bowl talk about Obama 's visit " Equinox Want to celebrate your trip to Washington in high style ? Take Michelle Obama 's lead at Equinox , an intimate restaurant not far from the White House that features fresh mid-Atlantic cuisine . On January 15 , the first couple and a group of friends celebrated Michelle 's 45th birthday at Equinox . The Obamas came in , Secret Service in tow , and ordered off the menu . The first lady started with pan fried Rappahannock oysters with apple-celery root puree and caper butter . The president and first lady both had grilled strip loin with slow-cooked gold potato pave and cabernet wine jus . "  It was a lovely little three-course , nothing over-the-top-extravagant , nice meal , " said Ellen Gray , who owns the restaurant with her husband , chef Todd Gray . Washington Wizards Game , Verizon Center You do n't have to be a huge sports fan to take in a little excitement at a professional basketball game . In February , the president watched the Washington Wizards defeat his hometown Chicago Bulls at the Verizon Center . Equinox 's Gray sat in a box behind President Obama at the game . "  We had more fun watching him than the game , I think , " she said . "  He was having a beer and he was so cool and he was sitting next to this little kid . I think the kid was coming unglued , he was like ` Oh my God , President Obama is next to me . ' " The Wizards are wrapping up their season next week , but next year 's Wizards-Bulls matchup might yield another presidential sighting . The Kennedy Center Ready for some entertainment ? Follow the first family to the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts , where they saw a performance by the Alvin Ailey dance company in February . "  It was n't announced , but when he came in it was as if a rock star had entered the building . It was loud , everybody was cheering , " said Kennedy Center spokesman John Dow . In addition to a full schedule of world-class acts , the Kennedy Center is the site of free one-hour performances every day at 6 p.m. . The Hay-Adams Hotel If you 're looking for a posh place to lay your head , consider the Hay-Adams Hotel in Lafayette Square across from the White House . The Obama family stayed in the hotel before moving into Blair House before the inauguration . The hotel , which opened in 1928 , was built on the site of homes that belonged to John Hay , President Abraham Lincoln 's private assistant who later served as secretary of state , and Henry Adams , a respected author and descendant of presidents John Adams and John Quincy Adams . If rates starting at more than $ 300 a night are out of range , consider checking into Off the Record , the hotel 's elegant bar , for a cocktail and a snack . Or have an executive breakfast at The Lafayette overlooking the White House . Obama pajamas are another festive substitute for the presidential suite . Inauguration Station , a sliver of a shop on Georgetown 's M Street , has been selling unique Obama-themed souvenirs since mid-January . The shop 's owners are still selling items such as The Audacity of Soap bars  $ 10  and Obama pajamas  $ 39.50  , so they 're keeping the business going . While bumping into the commander-in-chief is unlikely , experiencing local venues on his heels provides a glimpse into life in the nation 's capital . As for Trinnette Morris ' Obama watch : No presidential encounters for her young travel companions . "  We did n't track down Obama , " Morris said via e-mail after her trip . "  But -LSB- we -RSB- had a great time making the girls think we could . " CNN 's Lauren Kornreich contributed to this report .	D.C. tourism official says popular , active president helps city 's image Official hopes public interest in the Obama family will help bolster tourism President Obama has visited restaurants and entertainment venues around town Visitors can experience similar meals and activities in Washington
CNN  -- Wearing a floppy hat , 3-year-old Thor does his best rendition of a rocket launch countdown , "  three , two , one , zero -- blast off " and jumps up in the air next to a Florida launchpad where NASA rockets have blasted off for more than 50 years . Apollo missions took the first men to the moon , space shuttles carried the Hubble Space Telescope and the International Space Station into space -- all on rockets taking off from two launchpads at Kennedy Space Center , an hour east of Orlando . Thor , his twin brother , Espen , and his mother , Diane , are on a tour inside launchpad 39A 's security fence at Kennedy -- something that has never been allowed in the history of the space center -- until now . The Launch Pad Tour , introduced in July , is one of three new rare-access tours being offered this year to celebrate Kennedy Space Center 's 50th anniversary . In addition to getting an up-close look at the launchpad , visitors can also tour the Vehicle Assembly Building and the Launch Control Center with a space expert guide . "  Are you a space nut or were you forced to accompany one ? " a tour guide asks laughing guests on a bus taking them to the space center recently for one of the new tours . Photos : Earth 's otherworldy landscapes Space nut or not , you 'll be amazed by the size of the Vehicle Assembly Building -- or VAB , if you want to sound like a NASA aficionado . The rocket hanger is one of the largest enclosed spaces in the world . The 525-foot-tall building with the huge NASA logo and American flag painted on the side can be seen for miles on the ground and in the air -- look for it while flying over central Florida . Built in the 1960s , the hanger was designed to handle the assembling of huge Saturn V rocket segments during the Apollo missions . Later the space shuttle program used the assembly building to attach the shuttles to a large orange external fuel tank and two white rockets used during launch . Once inside the large cavernous building , look up to the ceiling where shuttle mission banners filled with the signatures of the personnel who worked on those missions hang from support beams . As an added bonus , the shuttle Atlantis is parked inside the Vehicle Assembly Building just behind a fence only 25 feet away -- for now . The retired Atlantis is waiting to receive final preparations for public display . "  It 's awesome to see it in real life , " said Chris Finlay , 30 , from New Castle , England , who was on vacation in Florida for three weeks . "  It 's not something you get to see every day . " Mars landing went ` flawlessly , ' scientists say NASA says Atlantis will be moved to a shuttle hanger on August 16 -- switching places with shuttle Endeavour , which will remain inside the assembly building until mid-September when it will be transported to the California Science Center in Los Angeles for permanent public display . Atlantis will be back in the VAB briefly before it moves to its new permanent home at the visitor complex . Still under construction , the new facility is expected to open to the public in July 2013 . Next to the tall Vehicle Assembly Building is the much smaller Launch Control Center with large windows looking to the east toward the launchpad . The control center is open to visitors for the first in more than 30 years . Control center tours visit Firing Room 4 , where Apollo and shuttle managers directed launches . "  There 's a lot of responsibility in this room . It 's not just one person who launches a space shuttle , " said tour guide Rob English , pointing to a photo of the launch room that describes how the team works together . "  You 'll feel the energy when you walk in this room , " said English as the security officer opened the door . Mars images from NASA 's "  Curiosity " Rover Inside , workstations line the room with labels for each position 's area of responsibility on top -- from Main Engines to Electrical Systems . At the front , overlooking the room , is the workspace labeled Launch Director . Do n't expect to see a launch button . Computers have launched rockets for years , though managers can override them . Next to work spaces for the launch director and the public affairs officer are large windows overlooking the launchpad . "  This is the window on mankind 's future right here , " says English , the guide , as we look out toward the launchpads , which appear much closer than three miles from the control center . During the Launch Pad Tour , guests step out of a bus inside the last high barbwire fence surrounding the launchpad . The massive jumble of metal service structures used during the shuttle program sit on top of a white concrete mound . Bill Jackson , a middle school science teacher who just moved to Florida from St. Louis , was glad for the opportunity to see the space center up close . "  Finally getting to see all the things that I told the kids about and my own children about for 50 years ... it 's amazing , " said Jackson . Searching for life on the moons of Jupiter His friend Lila Steinhoff recalls watching launches as a girl on small black and white televisions . "  I 'm seeing it in person . It 's wonderful , " said Steinhoff . Jackson agreed , "  It 's better , you saw those grainy black and white pictures and something over Walter Cronkite 's shoulder and now it 's real . " The new tours are expected to run through the end of December 2012 and possibly into 2013 . Each of the three tours costs an additional $ 25 for adults and $ 19 for children ages 3 to 11 beyond the entrance fee to the Kennedy Space Visitor Center , which is $ 45 for adults and $ 35 for children .	Up-close tours mark 50th anniversary of Kennedy Space Center The latest rare-access tour offers a look at one of the launchpads The tours are expected to be offered through the end of the year
CNN  -- Despite the election cycle rhetoric surrounding immigration , which would make it seem like the rest of the world is swarming across U.S. borders like ants to a picnic , gobbling up our resources , the reality is quite different . There are a number of myths that we must dispel in order to forge a sound policy , or else we risk our own potential downfall in the long run . The first myth is that America continues to be a nation of immigrants . The second is that everyone who is thinking of emigrating wants to come to the U.S. Next is the idea that we beat the competition in attracting the best and brightest immigrants . Lastly is the belief that immigrants end up as a burden on our economy . All of these false notions shape public perception and reaction to immigration reform . If we are to succeed in the next century , we need to base our decisions on facts . While America at one point had a huge influx of immigrants , today the picture is quite different . According to the 2010 U.S. Census , the number of immigrants is almost four times what it was 100 years ago . But if we look at it as a percentage of the total U.S. population , we see that it is about 13 % , which is not an all-time high . As recently as 20 years ago , America was the premier destination of all aspiring immigrants . Today , this is no longer the case . As a percentage of population , Canada and Australia both have significantly higher rates of foreign-born residents than the U.S. , at approximately 20 % and 26 % respectively . In fact , America 's rate of foreign-born population -- about 13 % -- is now on par with those of France and Germany . America also no longer draws the smartest people from around the world . Compared with countries like Canada , New Zealand and Australia , the U.S. has a greater proportion of low-skilled rather than high-skilled immigrants . About 30 % of immigrants in the U.S. possess a low level of education , and only 35 % possess a high level of education . In Canada , only 22 % of immigrants have a low level of education , while more than 46 % have a high level of education . Countries like Canada attract a greater influx of immigrants with higher education levels and specialized skills through immigration policies that specifically favor visa applicants with advanced degrees or work experience . In contrast , U.S. policies place more emphasis on family relationships and less consideration on skills or education levels when granting permanent residence . Perhaps the most persistent modern immigration myth is that immigrants are a drain on our economy , which is simply not true . Taxes paid by immigrants and their children -- both legal and illegal -- exceed the costs of the services they use . A 2007 report from the White House Council of Economic Advisers concluded that immigration as a whole increases the U.S. GDP by roughly $ 37 billion each year . A cost estimate by the Congressional Budget Office in 2007 found that a path to legalization for unauthorized immigrants would increase federal revenues by $ 48 billion but would incur only $ 23 billion of increased costs from public services , producing a surplus of $ 25 billion for government coffers . And according to a Social Security Administration Trustees report , increases in immigration have improved Social Security 's finances . The consensus of the economic analysis is that the taxes paid by immigrants and their descendants exceed the benefits they receive . Even with undocumented immigrants , the Internal Revenue Service estimates that they paid almost $ 50 billion in federal taxes between 1996 to 2003 , including payroll and Social Security  about $ 8.5 billion per year  , property  directly or as part of rental payments  and sales taxes . Nonetheless , about 40 % of undocumented immigrants  PDF  currently work off the books and consequently pay lower taxes . But if we look at their purchasing power , we find that undocumented immigrants sustain hundreds of thousand of U.S. jobs . One study estimates  PDF  that Latino buying power totaled $ 951 billion in 2008 and will increase to $ 1.4 trillion by 2013 . Asian buying power totaled $ 509.1 billion in 2008 and is expected to increase to $ 752.3 billion by 2013 . Countries such as Canada and Australia realized earlier that immigration policy is intrinsically linked to their economic success . Where U.S. immigration policy attempts to address economic realities is in the H1-B visa classification for highly skilled workers . However , the caps , quotas and numbers do n't really work . Ten weeks after the application filing period opened for H1-B visas for fiscal year 2013 , U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services had reached the statutory cap . Many American companies are struggling to fill 3.6 million job openings in the U.S. , many of them in science - and technology-related fields . The cap stifles economic growth for 10 months until the next H1-B visa application filing period begins . "  The continued failure to devise and implement a sound and sustainable immigration policy threatens to weaken America 's economy , to jeopardize its diplomacy , and to imperil its national security , " concludes a Council on Foreign Relations Independent Task Force report co-chaired by former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and former Clinton White House Chief of Staff Thomas McLarty . Just as a teenager grows up and dismisses the simplistic views espoused in the fairy tales of childhood , so too must we as a nation face the reality that we are no longer the world leader in welcoming talent . We still have a good chance in regaining the monopoly of what made our nation so great in the first place : a clustering of the best and the brightest from around the world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fariborz Ghadar .	Fariborz Ghadar : Three myths about immigration must be ignored Ghadar : Contrary to beliefs , immigrants contribute to our country ; they are not a burden He says countries like Canada and Australia have policies that promote their economies Ghadar : By changing our immigration policy , we can again attract the best and brightest
CNN  Two former neighbors of Justin Bieber have filed a lawsuit against the pop star , claiming he and his bodyguards repeatedly harassed them and their family , vandalized their house with eggs and threatened them with anti-Semitic remarks . In the lawsuit Jeffrey and Suzanne Schwartz say Bieber hosted frequent loud parties and spat in Jeffrey Schwartz ' face after he complained about the pop star driving his Ferrari at dangerous speeds down the street of their gated community in Calabasas , California . The suit , filed Thursday in Los Angeles Superior Court , also alleges Bieber 's bodyguards dismissed Jeffrey Schwartz 's complaints by taunting him repeatedly with "  what are you going to do about it , Jew boy ? " The suit seeks unspecified damages and a jury trial . Representatives for Bieber did not immediately respond to requests for comment Thursday afternoon . The lawsuit comes after Bieber , 21 , pleaded guilty last July to a misdemeanor vandalism charge stemming from a January 9 , 2014 incident in which the Schwartzes ' house was pelted with dozens of eggs . Bieber agreed to pay $ 80,900 in restitution for damages to the house and was placed on two years ' probation . It 's the latest chapter in a string of legal troubles for the polarizing former teen idol , who in recent years has been convicted of careless driving and resisting arrest and is facing dangerous driving and assault charges after his ATV collided with a minivan last August in Canada . Thursday 's lawsuit alleges a nine-month pattern of "  offensive " behavior by Bieber and members of his entourage from March 2013 to January 2014 . The Schwartzes , who lived next door to Bieber , claim the harassment escalated after a March 27 , 2013 episode in which Bieber spat in Jeffrey Schwartz ' face and threatened to "  f -- ing kill " him . The following year , after the egging episode made headlines , the Schwartzes say they and their children were subject to "  constant harassment " by Bieber 's entourage , fans and the media . The couple are seeking damages on the grounds of assault and battery and infliction of emotional distress . Bieber sold the Calabasas house for $ 7 . 2 million last year to Khloe Kardashian and has since been renting a $ 60,000-a-month home in Beverly Hills , according to Forbes .	Two former neighbors of Justin Bieber file lawsuit against the pop star Suit alleges he vandalized their house with eggs and threatened them Bieber , 21 , pleaded guilty last year to a related vandalism charge
CNN  -- Desir Henriksen feared that there would be no Christmas for her two boys . She had lost her job at Denny 's , where she worked the graveyard shift . Her fianc , who works as a glazier , was having a hard time finding regular work . And the couple fell behind on the mortgage last month . Desire Henriksen decided to sell her hair after losing her job and falling behind on her mortgage . So Henriksen , of Phoenix , Arizona , cut her hair and sold it on the Internet to a hair trader in the Netherlands . "  Everyone was telling me how beautiful my hair was , " the 27-year-old said . Her friends suggested that she sell it . "  I thought , ` Why not ? I 'll check it out , ' " she said . "  We 're trying to keep our place here , " she said . "  We do n't want to become like people right now who are losing their homes . " With the economy squeezing the budgets of more Americans , some people are looking for creative ways to pay their monthly bills . Selling hair on the Internet is just one of those unusual methods . "  We 've seen about a 20 percent increase in the last four months , " said Jacalyn Elise , co-founder of TheHairTrader.com , referring to the number of ads offering hair for sale posted on her site . "  These days , some people are just in need of money . " Henriksen was paid $ 1,200 for 27 inches of her tresses . But most hair is sold for about $ 300 to $ 900 , says Marlys Fladeland of Hairwork.com . The hair is used to make wigs or hair extensions or is used in artwork . The longer the hair , the more it is worth . Untreated hair is also likely to fetch a higher price , Elise says . For Henriksen , cutting her hair was always in the cards . But she had planned to give it to a nonprofit organization that provides hairpieces for children who lost their hair after cancer treatments . "  Initially , I had grown my hair out to donate to Locks of Love in memory of my mother , who passed away from cancer last year . I was going to try to give back to people who did n't have any hair . But it did n't work out that way . Instead , I got my kids Christmas -LSB- gifts -RSB- , " she said . In addition to buying presents for her 10-year-old son and 3-year-old stepson , Henriksen paid off the overdue mortgage bill . She was so pleased with how easy her hairy business deal was , she says she 's planning on growing her hair out again and selling it on TheHairTrader.com to help pay for her wedding . A professional lab rat Others are taking more drastic measures , becoming medical guinea pigs . Paul Clough , 30 , fell on hard times five years ago . A homeless man suggested that Clough take part in medical clinical trials , and now it 's his full-time gig . Clough estimates that he brought in $ 28,000 this year by participating in seven medical trials , having his blood taken 500 times and ingesting about a dozen medications . The Austin , Texas , resident has tested everything from cholesterol-lowering drugs to hepatitis C and HIV treatments . He even set up a Web site , Just Another Lab Rat , which explains how and where to volunteer . Clinical research requires testing drugs on volunteers to determine whether the drug is appropriate for the market . The test subjects may be required to stay at a clinic or may have to visit the clinic a few times . Depending on the clinic and the trials they participate in , they may be paid $ 50 to $ 5,000 each time . Trials can last 10 days to a month . Safety concerns include side effects or drug reactions , but for many volunteers , the payout outweighs the risks . "  Some people live study-to-study , " Clough said . "  They have immediate bills to take care of . And a lot of times , when people do n't get into the study , they are concerned about how to pay those bills . They do n't know what they 're going to do . " "  Five years ago , it was mostly students , " he said . But today , he sees "  Realtors , taxi drivers . ... It 's any walk of life you can think of . " Your personal gold mine Jeweler Les Harrell of Littleton , Colorado , struck gold when he had the idea to give people cash for their gold -- at parties . It started out as a fundraising event . But seven months later , he has a Web site , Gold Exchange . He 's hired three employees , and he 's throwing gold parties seven days a week . Friends and neighbors assemble to swap gossip , have drinks and get their jewelry appraised . Harrell pays cash on the spot for folks willing to hand over their gold . Later , he sells it on the market . He has operations in Colorado , New York and California . Deanna Molinaro was skeptical when she was invited to one of Harrell 's gold parties this summer . But the Denver , Colorado , resident changed her mind after walking away with $ 700 for a wad of tangled gold bracelets , a herringbone necklace and some mismatched earrings . "  I was floored , " she said , when she first heard about the cash . "  I made a lot of money on things that were lying around in my jewelry box for 20 years . " Harrell says he typically pays $ 5,000 per party , not including the cut the hostess makes and the referral fee . And it 's not always jewelry he 's appraising . "  I 've seen it all , " he said . "  Grandma 's old dinosaur ring , gold teeth . I buy a lot of gold teeth , class rings . " One item he remembers fondly : Uncle Louie 's bridge . "  It weighed almost 2 ounces , " he said with a hint of amusement . People have , on average , about $ 300 worth of gold just lying around , Harrell says , and liquidating that hidden treasure can help them balance the family budget . Harrell 's parties were initially geared toward the upper class , but his clientele is changing . "  What was fun money becomes , ` Oh , my gosh , this is a big help , ' " he said . In reality , a drawer full of costume jewelry , broken chains , errant earring backs and muddled memories may turn out to be next month 's heating bill . One woman , living alone on Social Security , recently turned over a shoebox full of jewelry to Harrell to see what , if anything , she could get for it . "  She really did n't know what was real or not , " related Molinaro , who helped with the transaction . But she cleaned out everything she had . In the end , her shoebox was worth $ 350 . "  She was so excited to get it , " Molinaro said . "  I got a big hug out of her for it , too . "	Many Americans are looking for creative ways to make ends meet A hair-selling Web site says it 's seen a 20 percent increase in recent months A Texas man makes a living participating in medical trials Guests of Gold Exchange parties swap stories , have drinks and sell jewelry
CNN  -- John Sutter : Hi Will , So the U.S. Supreme Court is hearing two cases on same-sex marriage this week -- one on California 's  Proposition  8 , which bans same-sex marriage ; and one on the federal Defense of Marriage Act . Regardless of how the justices rule on these issues , I 'm pretty sure 2012 or 2013 will be remembered as the "  Year of the Gay . " Republicans , business leaders , the president -- everyone seems to be coming out in favor of LGBT rights . The culture shift  in most parts of the country  has been incredible . How did that happen so fast ? It used to be political suicide ... Will Cain : "  Year of the Gay " ? Can you say that ? Can I say that ? What are the parameters here ? I 'm genuinely curious ... is "  gay " as a noun offensive ? For example : "  The gays are interested in today 's Supreme Court case . " Or is it the "  the " that makes it feel like a sword of political incorrectness cutting through the conversation ? I need help here John . Sutter : The gays say it all the time ! Usually half-sarcastically . It 's one of those appropriation things . Picture a preacher shaking a fist and railing about "  THE GAYS ! " It 's designed to steal their thunder . Cain : Hmmm . So I ca n't use it until I come out . While I agree the culture is shifting , it has n't yet shifted . And I fear the outcome of today 's Supreme Court case could stop the shift in its tracks . This is a fear held not only by conservative and liberal legal scholars , but also by one of the Supreme Court justices . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg has said the Court "  moved too far , too fast " with Roe v. Wade and should n't have struck down abortion laws in "  one fell swoop . " It 's not that she disagreed with Roe , just that she recognized the backlash of freezing the abortion debate in cryogenic chamber for the last 40-plus years . I think this tells us two things : 1 .  A grand pronouncement from the Court puts an end to the debate at the ballot box and could push both camps into their polar foxholes . 2 .  It suggests the Court may look for a narrow decision , possibly just affecting California , on whether states can ban gay marriage . One thing it does n't tell us is what is right or wrong or where the legal arguments should take the Court . Only the effect the Court has on society . As for how this is all happening so fast ... that 's a great question . It took thousands of years for society to settle on the fact that slavery was wrong . This by comparison is taking place over a 50-year time period . What do you think ? Sutter : On the "  the gays " thing : You can use it anytime . You have the blessing of the gays .  At least one ... On the court : I hope the justices are influenced by right and wrong -- not by what they fear will be the reaction of the public . I hear ya on the kick-back point . A pro-same-sex marriage opinion would make lots of people angry . And there are plenty of corners of the country where being gay is still not OK  I went to one recently for this op-ed on the "  county where no one 's gay "  . But I hope the justices realize legalizing same-sex marriage would strengthen families and support inclusion/equality . Both of those sentiments would trickle down through America . And , after the initial freakout , we 'd all be better people for it . As for why this happened so fast ? No clue . But I 'd guess Ellen  DeGeneres  had something to do with it . Cain : Ellen , Will from "  Will and Grace , " Andy Cohen , Omar from "  the Wire , " Rosie O'Donnell ... actually I 'm not sure the last two have done anything to advance acceptability . We joke , but those people played a big role because they made it easier for ... "  your gay friend . " And "  your gay friend " has had a huge impact on how society views the gays .  See , I tried out "  the gays " thing . Did n't feel right . Look , I support gay marriage from a policy/voting booth perspective . I also happen to think that gay marriage bans like Prop 8 are violations of the 14th Amendment 's Equal Protection clause . And I suspect including gay marriage under the umbrella of "  marriage " will strengthen families . But I 'm not sure . That was a big part of the Supreme Court hearings . We have very little data on the effects of same sex marriage and - for example - the effects on child rearing . The question then became : is caution a valid state interest to discriminate ? Alito asked this question . Kennedy asked this question . Scalia asked this question . Ultimately , I think not . But I think it 's a worthy question . Sutter : I 'll go ahead and disagree with you on that . Asking whether same-sex marriage is fully blessed by social science is like asking , in 1967 , whether data support interracial couples getting married , or being parents . I get why it 's coming up , but it 's offensive on some level . Ask kids who were raised by same-sex parents . Many will say , as this kid did during a hearing in the Iowa House , that they 're doing just fine . Plus there are lots of same-sex couples who would want to get married and do n't want to have children . The more fundamental question is whether LGBT people are equally human . And if so , why our laws do n't reflect that . Cain : I think one of the fundamental divides between progressivism and conservatism is conceit versus humility . Your anecdotes of kids raised by same-sex parents or the kid at the Iowa House hearing are compelling . But they are still anecdotes . And as Justice Kennedy , Justice Alito , Justice Scalia , and Justice Sotomayor all recognized today ... we have 5 years of data on gay marriage versus 2,000 on traditional marriage . This is all to point out that the position  a position I hold  that gay marriage wo n't have detrimental effects should come with some humility . We ca n't see the future . You are right that "  detriment to child rearing " was the same argument used to support bans on interracial marriage . The argument was wrong then . And I suspect it 's wrong now . My point is : I do n't think this is a compelling reason to discriminate . I do n't think the procreation reason , the harm-to-traditional-marriage reason , or the tradition reason are compelling reasons to discriminate . But I say that humbly . Sutter : Amen , brother . So what do you expect the Supreme Court to do about all of this ? Cain : Not much . Here are the four potential paths the Court could take with Prop 8 :  50 State Solution - Declare that all state bans on same-sex marriage are unconstitutional . This does not look likely for all the reasons we 've discussed .  9 State Solution - Declare that you ca n't get halfway in . This requires states that recognize civil unions to recognize those unions as marriages . If the justices liked anything less than the 50 State Solution , it was this option . They seemed to feel that it punished states who afforded gay couples more rights than those who offered gay couples nothing at all .  California Only - Declare that you ca n't grant marriage rights and then take them away , as happened in California . This seems likely to me as they ruled similarly in a Colorado case .  Reject the Case - The justices did n't even seem to want the case before them , questioning if anyone had "  standing " to bring the case . If they find there was no standing to appeal this case it will effect , essentially , the California Only option . So I do n't think much will happen outside the state of California . And this debate will continue . Sutter : You may be right on the outcome , but every day this legal debate drags on is a big slap in the face to the notions of equality and fairness that were the founding principles of this country . Simply because of who they are , gays and lesbians are n't allowed to get married in most states , can be fired for their sexual orientation in 29 , can be evicted from their homes in just as many . As I 've written for this site before , these laws create a climate of fear that keeps people hidden , encourages gay people not to speak out and contributes to disproportionate rates of suicide and homelessness in the LGBT community . LGBT people , I 've argued , live in 50 Americas . It 's completely unsustainable and unfair . And it will change . No question on that . Just hope it 's sooner than later . Ready for me to drop the mic ? Have anything you want to add ? Thanks for having this discussion , by the way . Cain : All good . This was fun . I tell you something though John , when it comes to DOMA , it did n't seem like the Supreme Court wanted to talk about any of the issues we just discussed . They did n't want to discuss equal protection much at all . The justices pressed for a source of federal power to regulate marriage . Without that DOMA goes down . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter and Will Cain .	John D. Sutter and Will Cain talk about the rapid culture shift on gay rights The conversation comes as the Supreme Court hears two same-sex marriage cases Sutter says 2012 or 2013 will be remembered as the "  Year of the Gay " Cain : Outcome of court hearing could stop culture shift in its tracks
CNN  -- The U.S. and Russian ambassadors to the United Nations have exchanged a flurry of Twitter posts about the controversial punk rock band Pussy Riot . Meanwhile , Russian media suggested a Russian athlete in the Sochi Games may have been sporting an image supporting Pussy Riot on his snowboard Thursday in what could be the Olympics ' first protest . In the diplomatic dispute , Samantha Power , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , apparently initiated the exchange with a Russian counterpart when she tweeted Wednesday about meeting formerly imprisoned band members Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , both of whom were released in December . Power posted a photograph of herself with the two punk rockers , who "  came by to discuss their time in jail , " Power tweeted . She also stated : "  Met some brave ` troublemakers ' today . " . Power subsequently tweeted : "  I asked #PussyRiot if they were afraid of prison . Response : No . In prison we could see the terrible conditions . It 's human rights fieldwork . " Then the Russian ambassador to the United Nations , Vitaly Churkin , told a U.N. press conference that Power should join the band and invite them to play at the National Cathedral in Washington . Power responded on Twitter : "  Ambassador Churkin , I 'd be honored to go on tour with #PussyRiot -- a group of girls who speak up & stand for human rights . Will you join us ? " Power also added : "  I ca n't sing , but if #PussyRiot will have me , Amb Churkin , I say our 1st concert is for Russia 's pol . prisoners . #LiveFromMatrosskayaTishina . " Matrosskaya Tishina is a notorious Moscow prison where opposition activists have been held . Pussy Riot tells Christiane Amanpour : ` We are free people , and free people feel no fear . " A third member of Pussy Riot , Yekaterina Samutsevich , was released in 2012 . The three members were sentenced to prison after performing a song critical of Russian President Vladimir Putin in one of the Russian Orthodox Church 's most important cathedrals in February 2012 . The performance was carried out in a flash-mob style . Meanwhile , the Russian state-run media agency RIA Novosti reported Thursday that Russian athlete Alexei Sobolev sported an image on his snowboard resembling "  a female figure in a balaclava wielding a knife . " That image purports to resemble members of Pussy Riot because the anti-Putin , all-female band perform while wearing balaclavas , the news agency reported . The headline stated : "  Sochi Snowboarder Coy on Possible Pussy Riot Protest . " When asked if the design was an homage to Pussy Riot , Sobolev responded : "  Anything is possible . " He added : "  I was n't the designer . " Sobolev , a slopestyle rider , was also the first Russian to compete in the Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia , and finished 10th in a qualifying heat Thursday . The drawing on his snowboard was described as "  what could be the first protest by an athlete " in the games , the Russian news agency said . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	U.S. , Russian ambassadors to U.N. exchange words over Pussy Riot , prison conditions Three members of punk rock band Pussy Riot recently served Russian prison terms A Russian athlete has an apparent Pussy Riot image on his snowboard , agency says "  Anything is possible , " Winter Olympian says , adding , "  I was n't the designer "
CNN  Iraqi and U.S.-led coalition forces have successfully ousted ISIS from the nation 's largest oil refinery , the coalition said Sunday . Iraqi security forces regained full control of the Baiji refinery , the Combined Joint Task Force said . A week ago , ISIS claimed it controlled part of the facility , posting images online that purported to back up the claim . Iraq is working to fortify the facility 's defenses , the task force said in a statement . Over the past nine days , the coalition conducted 47 airstrikes in the area , the statement said . Meanwhile , Peshmerga forces -- also with the assistance of coalition strikes -- cleared 84 square kilometers  32 square miles  of ISIS-occupied territory in Iraq on Saturday , the Kurdistan Region Security Council said . The Peshmerga are the national military force of Kurdistan . "  Front-line reporting indicates at least 35 ISIS terrorists were killed during the offensive , " the council said in a statement . The goal was to push back ISIS and "  diminish its ability to threaten the security of Kirkuk province , " the statement said . "  This success follows an offensive south and west of Kirkuk " last month in which 100 square kilometers  39 square miles  of terrain was cleared , the council said .	Iraqi and U.S.-led coalition forces say they retook a key refinery from ISIS Peshmerga forces also report retaking terrain from ISIS
CNN  -- The European Union is considering lifting some of its sanctions on Libya , a spokeswoman for the group of nations told CNN Wednesday , a day ahead of a top-level diplomatic summit on post-Gadhafi Libya . Sanctions will remain in place on Moammar Gadhafi and other individuals , the EU said , but restrictions on ports , oil and gas companies and financial institutions may be removed by the end of the week . And Italy and Spain announced Wednesday they were lifting blocks on Libyan assets frozen to put pressure on the Gadhafi regime . Italy is releasing 500 million euros  $ 720 million  "  to give further support to our Libyan friends , " Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini said . He also said the Italian embassy in Tripoli , Libya 's capital , will reopen September 1 , and that diplomats , administrative officials and experts will begin arriving soon . Frattini said he would propose the appointment of the new Italian ambassador to Libya at Thursday 's council of ministers meeting . Spain is releasing 16 million euros  $ 23 million  and may unfreeze more , Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero announced . And Germany recognized the rebel envoy to Berlin as Libya 's official ambassdor , asking Gadhafi 's representative to leave . Jamal El-Barag has until September 15 to leave , the German Foreign Office said after accrediting Aly Masednah El-Kothany as the new Libyan representative to the country . Separately , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , French President Nicolas Sarkozy , British Prime Minister David Cameron and NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen are among those meeting in Paris Thursday to hammer out a way forward on Libya . Debates are set to include the freeing of Libyan assets and what a United Nations mission to Libya would entail , U.S. and Western diplomats said Wednesday . A timetable for elections is also on the agenda , they said . Sixty delegations are slated to attend the Friends of Libya conference , which aims to formally welcome the north African nation back into the international community after the toppling of Gadhafi by rebels with NATO support . The new authorities , the National Transition Council , would have to formally request U.N. assistance on matters such as election support and institution-building , and the Security Council would have to approve the mission . The diplomats will also discuss helping Libya restore basic services and get the oil industry running again . The EU sent an assistance team to Libya Monday as Tripoli faced food and water shortages . CNN 's David Wilkinson , Elise Labott , Al Goodman and Stephanie Halasz and Journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	NEW : Italy and Spain release hundreds of millions of euros in blocked Libyan assets Restrictions on ports , the oil and gas industry and financial institutions could be removed this week World leaders meet in Paris this week to hammer out a way ahead on Libya after Gadhafi They 'll discuss elections , freeing assets and how to restore basic services
CNN  -- Hurricane Sandy wiped away my house . In one fell swoop I lost nearly everything that was meaningful to me . In the aftermath of the storm , one year later many people in my neighborhood and I are still in limbo . Here 's what happened : My music group The Planotones and I were set to play on a ship cruise , with 3,000 passengers aboard celebrating the music of the 1950s and '60s . We were going to board in Puerto Rico on October 31 . Before we left , the organizers called and urged us to leave a few days early to meet the boat in Puerto Rico , concerned about a storm that was heading up the East Coast . They wanted to make sure we avoided any problems that would prevent us from getting there on time . They were putting us up in a hotel on the island while we waited for the boat . I packed my bag , my Planotones hat , put food in the garage for my feral cat , called a cab and locked the back door , a familiar ritual for many years . My house on the beach in Rockaway , New York , was built in 1916 , 22 years before the first of two bridges were built to connect the Rockaway Peninsula to Brooklyn on one end and Queens on the other . The house had survived many storms since 1916 and in the 40 years I lived in it . I felt so connected to my home -- it was my friend , my oasis and my place of healing after hard days on the road . After storms , there never was much damage , not much to fix and never any water damage in the basement , which contained , among many memorable items , my music studio . CNN iReport : Photographer revisits Sandy 's path In this studio were thousands of 45-rpm singles , hundreds of albums , microphones , amplifiers , a drum kit , my upright piano  from the Brill Building  24 track tapes from "  Saturday Night Live , " "  Eddie and the Cruisers " and "  Animal House , " demos , tapes and a vintage guitar collection collected over 50 years of playing music . In my hotel room , the Weather Channel was tracking Hurricane Sandy . It was pretty alarming , so I called a friend who lived on the next block in Rockaway . He was in the front of his house and told me that the water was rushing up the street from the ocean . He saw books and records from my house floating by . I lay awake most of the night , thinking of the worst ... but never really believing it could be true . I reached his cell phone early the next morning and he was walking up the block toward my house on the beach . There was silence . I said , "  Kris , are you there ? What 's up ? " No response . Again I repeated , "  What 's up ? " Silence . "  Are you there ? " Finally he said , "  It 's gone , it 's gone ... your house , your house -- it 's gone . " When the cruise ended , four days later , my friend Dave picked me up at the airport . He had saved my car by moving it out of my garage to higher ground . The trip back from the airport was a journey into a world of disbelief . The bridges to Rockaway were closed and in the small towns we drove through along the peninsula , the devastation was mind-boggling -- sand and debris everywhere , trees uprooted , houses destroyed , entire blocks burnt to the ground . When we finally reached my street , I saw something I will never forget : I did n't have a house anymore . No home , just a pile of rubble -- no driveway , no landscaping , no foundation . It looked like it had been bombed . At that moment reality ceased to exist . The mundane facts of everyday life hit me . Most immediately , where would I sleep ? Where are my clothes ? My bed ? My socks , my eyeglasses , family treasures , boyhood photographs -- the pictures my grandchildren would never see of their great-grandfather and great-grandmother ? Major decisions had to be made , and with much difficulty , I tried to gather my thoughts . I had to find a place to stay . Thank God my car was safe so I could get around . For three months I lived in a hotel room in Staten Island -- dealing with FEMA , having seemingly constant , endless conversations with many different people . Finally , FEMA reimbursed me for the hotel room . The only clothes I had were in my suitcase , so I had to buy all the clothing essential for living in winter , and additional suits for my show . Because so many businesses were wiped out , dealing with work and life details became all-day fiascoes . At least I had the money to pay for all this -- people who did n't have were in deep trouble . Living in the hotel room became a strain , and I felt very hopeless . It became important to return to my roots , to the place I was connected to deeply for 40 years . But searching for and finding a rental property in Rockaway was almost impossible ; most of the houses were in bad disrepair and many had significant mold problems . Luckily , I finally found one that was mold free but empty , so I rented beds , TVs , kitchen supplies , sofas , chairs -- the works -- to turn this rental into a home . Today , I 'm still living in the rental house , trying to tie up all the loose ends left in the aftermath of the devastating storm -- problems like what to do with the remains of my old property and dealing with insurance companies and all the red tape that comes with that . A busy work schedule helps in returning to sense of normalcy . And one night , fans surprised me with a presentation of many old recordings and memorabilia . I was so grateful . Many of us in Rockaway are still waiting to see what the new flood and homeowner 's insurance rates and building codes will be , biding our time before making any future plans . But my spirit is intact and life must go on . It 's funny how in life obstacles are put in front of us -- but they are there for a reason . We learn to climb over them , no matter how difficult , to eventually get to the other side . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kenny Vance .	Kenny Vance was on tour when Sandy struck ; came home to a leveled house Vance lived in 1916 Rockaway Beach house for 40 years and cherished it His studio , lifetime memorabilia lost ; friend saw his records , books floating into the ocean Vance is still living in a rented house , trying to deal with red tape and insurance
The White House accidentally revealed the name of the CIA 's top intelligence official in Afghanistan to some 6,000 journalists . The person was included on a list of people attending a military briefing for President Barack Obama during his surprise visit to Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan on Sunday . It 's common for such lists to be given to the media , but names of intelligence officials are rarely provided . In this case , the individual 's name was listed next to the title , "  Chief of Station . " The print pool reporter -- a journalist allowed access to or is given information about an event who relays it to the rest of the media -- copied and pasted the list that was provided by the White House . Print pool reports are then distributed by the White House press office , which does not edit them , to a large list of media . In this case , the same reporter , Scott Wilson , the White House bureau chief for the Washington Post , noticed the unusual entry after the list was distributed and then checked it out with officials . The White House followed up and distributed a shorter list from a different reporter that did not include the station chief 's name . In his account to CNN , Wilson said when they arrived in Afghanistan , he asked White House officials for a list of who would be briefing the President . A White House official then asked the military for a list to provide to the pool of journalists . The official got an e-mail back from the military with a subject line , "  manifest for briefing for Pool , " Wilson told CNN . That e-mail was forwarded to Wilson and he proceeded to copy and paste that list for the pool report . He then sent it to the White House official , who sent the report to the distribution list . After the initial report had been issued , Wilson noticed that the chief of station had been identified in the list , which he flagged to the White House official . After checking with the military , the White House official said , "  This is a problem . " The official asked if Wilson would write another pool report , asking journalists to disregard the previous report that contained the list with the chief of station 's name . Wilson said he was open to the request and sent the White House a new report . He said he was unsure whether that report was distributed . The new list , Wilson said , was distributed by a separate pool report that included details from Obama 's speech to the troops . That report included a shorter list of names with a note saying , "  this is the correct list of participants . " Privately administration officials are alarmed about the incident , but so far the White House and CIA officials have declined to comment publicly . A station chief heads the CIA 's office in a foreign country , establishing a relationship with its host intelligence service and overseeing agency activities . The identity of station chiefs , like most CIA officers , are rarely disclosed to protect them and their ability to operate secretly . Given the potentially dangerous nature of the situation , CNN has not broadcast or published online the name of the official . In the most recent case before this one , the Bush administration infamously leaked the name of former CIA officer Valerie Plame to a journalist in 2003 . Plame tweeted on Monday that the White House 's mistake this past weekend is "  astonishing . " Top U.S. spy pulled from Pakistan after terror threats	Valerie Plame tweets that this weekend 's misstep was "  astonishing " The name of the top U.S. intelligence official in Afghanistan was on a list given to the media The White House issued the list for President Obama 's trip to Afghanistan Names of intelligence officers are not revealed publicly
CNN  -- Judges in Texas and Florida have dropped military contractor KBR from lawsuits brought by the family of a soldier who was electrocuted in Iraq , the company announced Tuesday . Sgt. Christopher Everett was electrocuted in 2005 at an American base outside Ramadi , in western Iraq . Sgt. Christopher Everett died while using a power washer at an American base outside Ramadi , in western Iraq . His was one of nine electrocution deaths in Iraq blamed on "  improper grounding or faulty equipment , " according to a Pentagon inspector-general 's report released Monday . KBR was one of the contractors Everett 's family has sued in connection with his death . But federal courts in Louisiana and Texas have thrown out the family 's claims against the Houston , Texas-based company , KBR announced Tuesday . "  The dismissal orders affirm that despite repeated criticism and statements made by several public officials on Capitol Hill and related media reports , KBR had no involvement in the factors that led to the tragic death of Sergeant Everett , " Andrew D. Farley , the company 's senior vice president and general counsel , said in a written statement . KBR 's work in Iraq and Afghanistan has come under extensive criticism from members of Congress . The company has defended its performance and argued that it was not to blame for any fatalities . Monday 's report from the Pentagon 's inspector-general criticized the company in the death of another soldier , Staff Sgt. Ryan Maseth , who was electrocuted in his shower in his Baghdad quarters . The report found that "  multiple systems and organizations failed , " leaving Maseth "  exposed to unacceptable risk . " It concluded that a water pump installed by KBR was not grounded , leading to Maseth 's electrocution when it short-circuited , and the company did not report improperly grounded equipment during routine maintenance . But it also found that Maseth 's commanders failed to ensure renovations to the palace had been properly done and the Army did not set electrical standards for jobs or contractors . Maseth 's family also has sued KBR . The company has had no comment on the inspector-general 's findings , but company spokeswoman Heather Browne says it was not responsible for Maseth 's death . The building where Maseth was quartered was one of Saddam Hussein 's former palaces , and Browne said the building "  had not been grounded or bonded by the contractors who built the structure . " In addition , she said , KBR had warned the military about the hazard nine months before Maseth 's January 2008 death . "  Prior to that incident , the military never directed KBR to repair , upgrade or improve the grounding system in the building in which Maseth resided , nor was KBR directed to perform any preventative maintenance at this facility , " she said in a statement issued to CNN . But Maseth 's mother said she was "  pleased " by the finding that KBR installed the water pump blamed for her son 's death . "  The results are revealing and contrary to what KBR and its president have continuously stated over the past year , " Cheryl Harris told CNN .	Sgt. Christopher Everett died using a power washer at U.S. base in western Iraq Judges in Texas , Florida drop military contractor KBR from family 's lawsuits KBR 's electrical work in Iraq , Afghanistan has come under criticism from Congress Pentagon report criticizes Houston-based contractor in death of another soldier
HILLSBOROUGH , North Carolina  CNN  -- A man who was obsessed with the Columbine High School massacre was found guilty of murder Friday and sentenced to life without parole for gunning down his father before opening fire at a North Carolina high school three years ago . Alvaro Castillo was fixated with the Columbine High School shootings , mass murders and natural disasters . Alvaro Castillo , 21 , has been medicated during the trial and showed little reaction as the first verdict was read -- guilty of the first-degree murder of his father . He also was convicted of multiple assault and weapons offenses in the school shooting . No one was killed at the school , but two students were wounded . The jury deliberated seven hours before rejecting Castillo 's insanity defense . At his sentencing , Castillo thanked "  the Lord our God for all his blessings " and thanked his family for being in court . "  I thank my father in heaven for watching down on me " he said . Later , Castillo apologized to the victims , adding , "  I know by my actions I shocked and hurt a lot of people . It was n't my intention . I simply wanted to help . Now I know I was wrong . " Before pronouncing a sentence of life without parole , Judge Allen Baddour said : "  It 's frustrating to hear how help -- I think it was available , but everything did n't fit together to get you the help that you needed . " Castillo , who has a history of mental illness , admitted shooting his father and firing at the students , but defense attorneys James Williams and Phoebe Dee argued he was not criminally responsible for his actions because he was legally insane . Experts for the defense testified that Castillo believed God wanted him to sacrifice his father and the students . "  The only thing that could make this tragedy worse would be if he were convicted of first-degree murder , despite substantial evidence that he was indeed insane at the time that these acts were committed , " Williams said during his closing argument . Prosecutor James Woodall said while Castillo might be disturbed , he does not meet the criteria for a verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity . He said Castillo planned a murderous rampage . "  He wants to be famous and he wants to be somebody . And the only way he can figure out to do that is to kill some folks , " Woodall said . Watch more of the closing arguments " The 13 days of testimony told the story of an alienated young man who grew up in a dysfunctional family and finally lashed out violently on August 30 , 2006 . Castillo , then 18 , shot his father , Rafael , 65 , seven times in the head and neck as he sat on the couch reading , according to testimony . Castillo covered his father 's body with a sheet , held his hand , kissed him , asked for forgiveness and then left a note and pipe bomb next to the body . Castillo later dressed in a Colorado T-shirt , a black trench coat he bought during a sightseeing trip to Columbine , cargo pants , military-style boots and ammunition belts , according to testimony . He armed himself with a sawed-off shotgun he named Arlene , the same name Columbine shooter Eric Harris gave his gun , he wrote in his journal . Watch how Castillo named his guns " He also carried a 9 mm semi-automatic rifle he named Anna after an unrequited high school crush . He gathered pipe bombs , smoke grenades and nearly 200 rounds of ammunition . Before leaving for Orange High School , Castillo sent an e-mail to the principal of Columbine High School in Littleton , Colorado , to alert him that Hillsborough would soon make history , according to testimony . He also mailed a letter and videos to a classmate and a local newspaper . Castillo drove the family 's minivan to a patio lunch area , set off a cherry bomb and fired at the students . He later told a psychiatrist that he aimed for their heads , according to testimony . His gun jammed , and he was jumped by a deputy sheriff assigned to the school and a retired highway patrol officer who taught driver 's education Castillo 's trial included eight hours of homemade videos showing Castillo ranting , yelling , whispering , singing and beating himself ; journal entries detailing an obsession with a classmate he compared to the obsession would-be presidential assassin John Hinckley had with Jodie Foster ; and a notebook he called "  Mass Murders and School Shootings of the 20th and 21st Centuries . " See excerpts of Castillo 's journal " In the notebook , he listed himself at the end of a gallery of school shooters . Jurors also saw a narrated video that Castillo shot in Littleton after convincing his mother to take him there to see Columbine High School and the homes of shooters Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold . Castillo 's mother and sister , both named Victoria , testified that Rafael Castillo tormented the family . He was described as a controlling husband and father with unconventional beliefs . They said he forbid his wife from bathing the children in warm water because he believed cold water cured all ills . The children often saw their father drag their mother by her hair , according to testimony . Watch Castillo 's mother describe the abuse " After high school graduation in 2005 , Castillo enlisted in the National Guard . By January 2006 he decided to kill himself . He was discharged from the National Guard later that year . In April 2006 Castillo recorded a video in which he appears to be talking to his unrequited crush . He asked his father to mail the video on April 20 . When Rafael Castillo returned , his son was dressed in his military uniform and was close to shooting himself with a shotgun , according to testimony . Rafael Castillo wrestled the gun away and called the police on his son , who was committed to a psychiatric facility . When Castillo was discharged a week later , he was advised not to have contact with guns and placed on an antidepressant . But five days after his discharge Castillo bought another shotgun . His journal shows that he had decided to carry out a "  Columbine-like massacre at Orange High School . " By late June , he told his therapists that he no longer felt suicidal or thought of hurting others , and that he was no longer obsessed with Columbine . From June 1 to August 30 , Castillo 's diary is replete with references to "  Operation Columbine " and how he would "  sacrifice " students then kill himself . He chose August 30 because it is the birthday of Kip Kinkel , another high school shooter who killed his parents and high school students in 1998 in Springfield , Oregon . Defense attorney Williams told the jury that a social worker tried urgently to get Castillo into treatment in July , but there was a six-week backlog at the local psychiatric clinic . She tried to get another clinic to see him , but learned on August 11 that they would not . Nineteen days later , Castillo shot his father dead , dressed in the manner of the Columbine shooters , drove to his alma mater and opened fire .	Alvaro Castillo , 21 , sentenced to life without parole Castillo shot father , opened fire at former high school on August 20 , 2006 Trial featured disturbing videos , journal entries Castillo was obsessed with the Columbine shootings
New York  CNN  -- Monday marked the end of debate at the 67th session of the U.N. General Assembly , where some of the most-controversial speakers spoke last . Here are a few things we learned : 1 . The Syrian government is not backing down . Foreign Minister Walid Moallem took to the lectern to defend his country 's handling of the 19-month crisis , which has spiraled into a civil war . He accused "  some well-known countries " of pursuing "  new colonial policies " under the guise of humanitarian efforts , and blamed Turkey , Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Libya and others for "  arming , funding , training and harboring armed terrorist groups . " International calls for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down are a "  blatant interference in the domestic affairs of Syria , " the foreign minister said . Approximately 28,000 people have been killed in the conflict , according to the opposition , and hundreds of thousands have been forced from their homes . "  While my government is working hard to meet the basic needs of citizens who have been forced by the violence of armed groups to flee their homes , some have sought to fabricate a refugee crisis in neighboring countries through inciting armed groups to intimidate Syrian civilians at border areas and forcing them to flee to neighboring countries , " said Moallem . U.N. debate this year largely centered around the conflict in Syria . Most of the international community condemns the government there , but ca n't agree on how to stop the bloodshed . Strong U.N. Security Council action has been blocked by longtime Syria supporters , Russia and China . 2 . Cuba slams the U.S. embargo , which has been in place for more than 50 years . Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez railed against his country 's northern neighbor , blasting the embargo that was put in place in 1960 . Cuba attributes much of its economic woe to the embargo , which it calls "  the blockade . " Rodriguez said the policy has caused "  invaluable human and economic damage , " and accused President Barack Obama of breaking promises he made in 2009 . "  The U.S. policy towards our region , whether under Democrat or Republican governments , is essentially the same . The promises made by the current president ... were not fulfilled , " he said , referring to Obama 's initial pledge to lower some of the barriers in Cuban-American relations . In 2009 , the U.S. Treasury Department lifted some restrictions on the ability of Cuban-Americans to visit relatives in Cuba and send them money , but the United States has kept key components of the embargo in place . The continued imprisonment of U.S. contractor Alan Gross , who was jailed in 2009 on suspicion of espionage , is thought to be the most recent reason why relations are not improving . "  The United States do not have the slightest moral or political authority to judge Cuba , " Rodriguez told delegates . 3 . The head of the North Korean delegation says a spark could set off war on the Korean Peninsula . Vice Foreign Minister Pak Kil-yon addressed delegates amid ever-present pressure on his country 's nuclear program . He criticized the United States , claiming it wants to occupy the Korean Peninsula and use the region as a "  stepping stone for realizing its strategy of dominating the whole of Asia . " "  Today , due to the continued U.S. hostile policy towards DPRK , the vicious cycle of confrontation and aggravation of tensions is on ongoing phenomenon on the Korean Peninsula , which has become the world 's most dangerous hotspot where a spark of fire could set off a thermonuclear war , " Pak said . He recalled the December death of longtime leader Kim Jong Il . Kim Jong Il 's son and chosen successor , Kim Jong Un , has taken over as "  supreme leader , " though the level of his influence on policy decisions remains unclear . Pak also made mention of the country 's recent rocket launch . In April , North Korea launched a rocket , which failed less than two minutes into the flight . It said the launch was to put a satellite into orbit , but much of the international community saw it as a cover-up for testing ballistic missile technology . The move destroyed a deal reached in February under which Pyongyang agreed to suspend its nuclear activities in exchange for food aid shipments from the United States . "  The United States took issue with our legitimate and peaceful space launch that followed the universal , international law and forced the U.N. Security Council to adopt an unjust statement , " Pak said . North Korea has been virtually isolated from the world by international sanctions over its development of a nuclear program .	NEW : North Korea calls the Korean Peninsula the "  world 's most dangerous hotspot " NEW : A spark could set off nuclear war , the head of the delegation warns NEW : Syria 's foreign minister responds to criticism of his country 's 19-month crisis He blames Turkey , Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Libya and others for supporting terrorists
CNN  -- It 's been more than a week since Brown University student Sunil Tripathi was last seen , but authorities appear to be no closer to knowing where he is . They are scouring Providence , Rhode Island , and nearby cities for any sign of the missing 22-year-old man . Tripathi was on approved leave from the Ivy League school , meaning that he had requested and was granted time off , but he remained a student there . "  We miss his warm smile and generous gentle spirit so very much . Your help and prayers to find him mean so much , " his family said in a statement . Tripathi was last seen in the campus area on the morning of March 16 . He was wearing blue jeans , a black Eastern Mountain Sports ski jacket , glasses , and a Philadelphia Eagles wool hat . He is about 6 feet tall , 130 pounds and has short dark hair . According to his family , the FBI is assisting in the investigation , which is being led by the Providence Police Department . Detective Mark Sacco told CNN that police have have no solid leads so far . Tripathi apparently left his apartment without his wallet and cell phone . As far as police know , he was alone . Tripathi grew up in Radnor , Pennsylvania . His family said he is a talented saxophonist and a philosophy major . He has been living in Providence since 2008 . A public Facebook page has been created to help find Tripathi . Updates on the search effort are being posted there , as well as photographs and messages of encouragement . "  Our concerns are first and foremost with Sunil and his family , " said Margaret Klawunn , vice president for student life and campus services at Brown University . "  We are hopeful that by encouraging the Brown community to help spread the word that Sunil will be located . " CNN 's Rande Iaboni and Pauline Kim contributed to this report .	Sunil Tripathi , 22 , was last seen on March 16 He was on approved leave from the school in Providence , Rhode Island Family : "  We miss his warm smile and generous gentle spirit "
Washington  CNN  -- Several police officials and politicians are pointing fingers at New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio after two New York City police officers were murdered on Saturday , following weeks of protests against police treatment of minorities in New York and around the country . And one is pulling the President of the United States into the fray . The head of New York City 's police union said de Blasio has blood on his hands , and the state 's former Republican governor called out de Blasio and U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder . Former New York City mayor and one-time Republican presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani appeared to sympathize with de Blasio on Sunday , instead dragging in President Barack Obama . "  We 've had four months of propaganda starting with the President , that everybody should hate the police . I do n't care how you want to describe it , that 's what those protests are all about , " Giuliani said Sunday on Fox News . Giuliani added on CNN that while none were responsible for the shooting , de Blasio , Holder and Obama are fueling "  intense , anti-police hatred . " "  Maybe , just maybe , they should spend the next four months not talking about police hatred , but talking about what they are going to do about bringing down crime in the community , " he said , adding that it 's police officers and not Obama , Holder or any mayors who are saving lives . Protests broke out around the country in the wake of two separate cases in which grand juries declined to charge white police officers in the killing of two unarmed black men , Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and Eric Garner , in New York City . Obama has sympathized with protesters ' frustrations , drawing on his own experiences as a black man , and urged protesters to express themselves peacefully . Former Gov. George Pataki blamed de Blasio and Holder . And the head of NYPD 's police union , Patrick Lynch , pointed the finger at de Blasio , saying there 's blood on the hands of those supporting the protestors and it "  starts on the steps of city hall in the office of the mayor . " Giuliani also condemned Rev. Al Sharpton , one of the main organizers and supporters of the protest movement , for creating an atmosphere of "  strong anti-police hatred in certain communities . " "  And for that they should be ashamed of themselves , " Giuliani said . Sharpton strongly condemned the attacks on Sunday . Giuliani said asking for de Blasio 's resignation and blaming him for the killings of the two NYPD officers "  goes too far , " but said de Blasio should be more forceful in policing the protests that have on several occasions taken over major streets in New York City . Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina made his position clear on CBS Sunday morning as the blame game evolved . "  I blame the shooter and nobody else , " he said . "  The tone they 're setting around the rhetoric regarding the cops incites crazy people . But I blame the shooter . " Mayor Bill de Blasio condemned the killings on Saturday night , calling the double-murder a "  heinous attack " that "  was an attack on our entire city , " which he said "  tears at the foundation of our society . " Rep. Gregory Meeks , a Democrat who represents parts of New York City , lauded those comments and said de Blasio and protest leaders have tried to "  bring people together " to discuss minority communities ' concerns about the criminal justice system . "  We stand with the police department . No one has ever given up on the police department or said we were anti-police department . What we were crying for was saying how African-Americans feel , how their communities are policed and want the justice system to work for everyone , " Meeks said on ABC 's "  This Week . " Meeks and other members of the Congressional Black Caucus expressed outrage at the non-indictment of the two white police officers in the Brown and Garner cases and have led the outcry in Washington . Ray Kelly , a former New York City police commissioner , also knocked de Blasio for not standing with police officers , accusing him of running an anti-police election campaign when he campaigned against the stop and frisk policies . Kelly , also speaking on "  This Week , " said de Blasio 's comments about teaching his black son how to deal with police led up to the police murders on Saturday . "  I think when the mayor made statements about that he had to train his son to be -- his son who is biracial -- to be careful when he 's dealing with the police , I think that set off this latest firestorm , " Kelly said .	Giuliani said anti-cop "  propaganda " started with President Obama . He also denounced Al Sharpton New York police officials are blaming New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio Sen. Lindsey Graham said he blames no one but the shooter Rep. Gregory Meeks , a member of the Congressional Black Caucus , said "  we stand with the police department "
Washington  CNN  -- Former Secretary of State Warren Christopher died Friday from complications of kidney and bladder cancer , his family said . He was 85 . As America 's chief diplomat for four years during President Bill Clinton 's administration , Christopher "  eschewed confrontation in favor of negotiation with friend and foe alike , " according to a profile posted on the State Department website . "  The cause of peace and freedom and decency have never had a more tireless or tenacious advocate , " Clinton said in 1996 after Christopher announced he was stepping down from the post . President Obama said he and the first lady were saddened to hear of the loss . "  Deeply dedicated to serving his country , Warren 's career ranged from the naval reserve in World War II to a clerkship at the Supreme Court to the practice of law and politics in California and Washington , " Obama said in a statement . "  And as President Clinton 's Secretary of State , he was a resolute pursuer of peace , leading negotiations with regard to the Middle East and the Balkans , including the Dayton Agreement , which ended the war in Bosnia . Warren Christopher was a skillful diplomat , a steadfast public servant , and a faithful American , " the president said . In 1981 , Christopher received the Medal of Freedom -- the nation 's highest civilian award -- for his role in negotiating the release of 52 American hostages in Iran while serving as deputy secretary of state for President Jimmy Carter . Christopher -- known as "  Chris " to his friends -- also oversaw the negotiation of the 1995 Dayton Agreement that ended the Bosnian war . "  Literally , until the last minute the outcome was in doubt . Our negotiators had their bags packed and were ready to head home without an agreement . But Chris refused to give up , " Clinton recalled in his 1996 remarks . "  And the force of his will finally convinced the Balkan leaders to give in to the logic of peace . " Clinton went on to praise Christopher 's efforts in the Middle East peace process and helping build democracy in Haiti . Issuing a statement from Paris , where she is attending a summit over the crisis in Libya , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she also was deeply saddened by the passing of her predecessor . "  The longer I spend in this job , the deeper my appreciation grows for the giants who came before , " she said . "  Warren was a diplomat 's diplomat -- talented , dedicated and exceptionally wise . " She credited Christopher helping establish diplomatic relations with China , overseeing the expansion of NATO , and working for peace in the Middle East . She said he "  championed human rights around the world . " "  In addition to being a great statesman , Warren was also a dear friend , " she said . "  I relied on his advice and experience over many years . " Christopher also played a significant leadership role on several domestic issues , particularly in the state of California , where he was chairman and later senior partner of the O'Melveny & Myers law firm . He chaired a commission investigating the Rodney King assault and subsequent riots in Los Angeles , and served on the California Hate Crimes Task Force , according to a biography provided by the firm . His legal career began with a clerkship with U.S. Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas , who advised Christopher to "  get out into the stream of history and swim as fast as you can , " the law firm 's biography said . That idea stuck with Christopher , who later said "  being Secretary of State is to take part in history 's relay race " after announcing his plans to step down from the post . Christopher was born in Scranton , North Dakota . He served as a Naval ensign in during World War II . He graduated from the University of Southern California in 1945 and graduated from Stanford Law School in 1949 . In a 2009 interview , he told the Los Angeles Times that his views about human rights were shaped by the trips he took with his father , who was a clerk for foreclosure sales in North Dakota during the Great Depression . "  On the way there , he would talk to me about the hardship the farmers faced . That certainly was the beginning of it for me . It 's a constant struggle to try to improve the lot of people around the world , " he said . "  A lot of people live in poverty and deprivation , and we have to be constantly alert to do what we can , to always feel we have done as much as we should . " He is survived by his wife , four children and five grandchildren , the law firm 's biography said . Plans for a private memorial are pending . CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	Christopher served as secretary of state for President Bill Clinton As America 's top diplomat , he oversaw the Dayton Agreement ending the Bosnian war He also led negotiations for the release of 52 American hostages in Iran Clinton describes him as a "  tenacious advocate " for peace and freedom
CNN  -- New York police are weighing whether to pursue hate crime charges in the vicious beating of a white man last week . The suspect in the beating , who is black , was heard making statements similar to "  I 'm going to punch the first white man I see , " according to New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly . The department 's Hate Crimes Task Force is investigating the incident . The 62-year-old victim , identified by a neighbor as Jeffrey Babbitt , is in critical condition at Bellevue Hospital after the Wednesday attack , Kelly said . Two other men were also assaulted as they tried to help Babbitt , police said . Lashawn Marten has been charged with three counts of assault , one of them a felony . He was being held in the Manhattan Detention Complex as of Sunday , according to its website . Robert Pizzimenti , a neighbor of Babbitt 's , described the man as "  a lovable guy . " "  He was the kind of guy who always was doing favors for people . If you needed a ride to an appointment . You could call Jeff and he 'd say , ` Yeah , i 'll take ya , ' " Pizzimenti said .	A white man was severely beaten by a black man , New York police say The suspect was heard saying he would "  punch the first white man I see , " police said The victim was in critical condition ; his neighbor called him "  a lovable guy " Lashawn Marten has been charged with three counts of assault
CNN  -- Actor Robin Williams was cremated and his ashes were scattered in San Francisco Bay , according to his death certificate . Williams was found dead in his Northern California home August 11 from what investigators suspect was a suicide by hanging . The certificate , obtained by CNN on Thursday , says his ashes were scattered off the coast one day later . It also says the cause of death is "  pending investigation . " According to Marin County Assistant Deputy Chief Coroner Lt. Keith Boyd , investigators believe Williams used a belt to hang himself from a bedroom door . Boyd would not confirm or deny whether Williams left behind a letter , saying that investigators would discuss "  the note or a note " later . The coroner 's investigation "  revealed he had been seeking treatment for depression , " Boyd said . He spent time in a treatment facility in July , a time when his wife and representative have said he was battling depression . Media reports at the time speculated that Williams had resumed drinking alcohol , but a statement from his wife appears to dispute those reports . Williams was sober but struggling with depression , anxiety and the early stages of Parkinson 's disease when he died , his widow said last week . "  Robin spent so much of his life helping others , " she said . Whether he was entertaining millions on stage , film or television , our troops on the front lines , or comforting a sick child -- Robin wanted us to laugh and to feel less afraid . " I met Robin Williams : Your stories and never-before-seen photos CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Widow : Williams was struggling with depression and the early stages of Parkinson 's disease The actor was found dead in his Northern California home August 11 Investigators believe Williams used a belt to hang himself from a bedroom door
CNN  -- North Korea 's dictator is still missing . Kim Jong Un has not been seen in public since early September , and on Friday he missed the symbolically important anniversary of the Korean Workers ' Party . This absence has fueled speculation that there is political intrigue afoot in Pyongyang -- possibly even a coup . No one outside of North Korea really knows what 's happening -- including , almost certainly , America 's troubled $ 50 + billion-per-year intelligence bureaucracy . But it seems likely that the corpulent potentate , who exhibited a limp before disappearing , is recovering from some kind of physical problem . Making a rare allusion to the young tyrant 's health , a government mouthpiece reportedly venerated Kim in September as a man "  who keeps lighting the path for the people , like the flicker of a flame , despite suffering discomfort . " Alas , the third supreme leader of the Kim dynasty , who has ruthlessly eliminated potential rivals including his own uncle , may now see eliminating calories as the more pressing necessity for regime survival . But the speculation and concern in Washington and allied capitals over the cloistering of Kim is noteworthy in itself . It reveals a lack of political intelligence of any real value on the regime . In turn , this lapse should remind us that inherently unstable , nuclear-armed North Korea could someday put Northeast Asia into crisis without any warning . Is Kim Jong Un 's sister in charge ? Professing renewed concern , North Korea 's foreign enablers seem eager to reprise a remedy that has failed repeatedly before : six-party talks . That dialogue , pursued intermittently in the previous decade , was intended to eliminate Pyongyang 's nuclear program -- a goal to which the reclusive state agreed . Twice . But three separate nuclear tests showed that the talks clearly failed . North Korea pocketed copious foreign aid and relief from sanctions , China got to play the diplomatic grande dame of the region , Russia showed up and Japan got ignored . Beijing and Moscow would now like a repeat performance . At the U.N. last month , Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that "  the six-party talks remain the only viable and effective way to resolve the nuclear issue . " A week later in Moscow , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov met with his North Korean counterpart and declared , "  the talks today confirmed that resuming the six-party talks is possible . " Why has North Korea decided to talk now ? Washington and Seoul have yet to take the bait , but you can rest assured that the foreign policy establishments in both towns will urge them along . Perhaps seeking to jumpstart this encouragement , North Korea unexpectedly sent a very senior delegation to South Korea last week , and agreed to resume formal reconciliation talks between the two nations . Those talks are perennially ineffective , but they are like catnip to experts convinced that North Korea can be tamed with the right combination of words and goodies . There is another way to handle North Korea , which involves putting sustained pressure on the regime . China always says it is willing to take this step , but in fact never does -- and never will as long as China itself is run by a cabal that is terrified of the will of its own people . The government that will not now tolerate the modicum of Chinese democracy it previously agreed to in Hong Kong certainly does not want freedom advancing up the Korean Peninsula to its doorstep -- the precise outcome of a regimen of pressuring of Pyongyang that Washington , Tokyo , and Seoul ought to pursue . The blossoming freedom movement in Hong Kong actually offers a guide . In a moving letter to his fellow Hong Kong students , a young Chinese man wrote : "  Looking back at us mainlanders , not only do we seldom care about Hong Kong issues , we barely understand our own . ... "  We do n't know that it 's possible to ask , ` What do we want ? ' " "  I understand the fear behind your courage . If you do n't do anything now , the day will come that you are going to be just another me . Honestly , this is my fear too . " The young man 's eyes were opened forever -- made possible in part by a temporary escape from the repression and media censorship of his home . People like him become the fundaments of a world that is freer and safer . This type of liberation should come as no surprise : It is the reason that free nations broadcast uncensored news and other media into the Soviet Bloc during the Cold War . These broadcasts and other cultural tools , combined with real economic , military , and political pressure , ended that conflict favorably for the side of freedom . So it can be with North Korea . U.S. governmental broadcasting today is in irreversible collapse , but the free world can give greater support to North Korean defectors and others who comprise a nascent uncensored media for those left behind . The Koreans who have undertaken this effort on a shoestring budget over the past decade have proven its effectiveness . These free journalists have been effective getting information into and out of North Korea , which is why the Pyongyang regime despises and targets them . In turn , this creates more North Koreans whose eyes are open -- who , like the Chinese student , now realize they should be able to ask , "  What do we want ? " Fundamentally , we need a policy of truth for North Korea : Help North Koreans get the truth . Grasp the truth that China will never seriously help the free world with North Korea . Accept the truth that six-party talks would fail again . Embrace the idea that the truth will set people free .	North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has n't been seen in public for more than a month U.S. intelligence on North Korea has been poor , suggests Christian Whiton West must put sustained pressure on North Korean regime , Whiton says
LA PAZ , Bolivia  CNN  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales nationalized the Chaco petroleum company Friday , taking over the BP subsidiary with the military on standby . Bolivian leader Evo Morales speaks before parliament Thursday in the capital , La Paz . "  With this decree , " Morales said in a nationally televised address from an oil field in Cochabamba , "  we nationalize all the petroleum business in Chaco for all Bolivians . " Chaco is jointly owned by Pan American Energy and the Bolivian Pension Fund , each with a 50 percent stake , BP spokesman David Nicholas said from Great Britain . BP owns 60 percent of Pan American Energy , and Bridas Corp. owns the other 40 percent , Nicholas said Nicholas declined comment on the nationalization . "  We are aware of the presidential decree but can not comment , " he said . "  We support Pan America 's energies with any discussions they have with the Bolivian government . " Morales wore a white safety helmet with the words "  Chaco nationalized " printed on the front when he made his announcement . The Bolivian president guaranteed the petroleum workers that their jobs will be safe . Formed in 1997 , Chaco employs about 90 Bolivians , the company says on its Web site . Chaco is dedicated to the exploration and production of hydrocarbons , BP says . Morales decreed in 2007 and 2008 that the government should nationalize various petroleum companies . His actions Friday came less than 48 hours before Bolivians vote Sunday on a new constitution that would give the central government more power and control .	Bolivian President Evo Morales nationalizes Chaco petroleum company Morales guarantees petroleum workers that their jobs will be safe Military on standby in nationalization of BP subsidiary Move comes 48 hours before Bolivian vote on new constitution
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Letters containing white powder were mailed to 16 U.S. embassies across Europe , according to the State Department on Wednesday . Emergency services surround U.S. Embassy in Madrid , Spain . The substance has proved to be harmless in 15 locations with results still pending for the final embassy in The Hague , Netherlands , Deputy Spokesman Robert Wood said . He said the list of U.S. embassies where the powder was received includes Berlin , Germany ; Bern , Switzerland ; Brussels , Belgium ; Bucharest , Romania ; Copenhagen , Denmark ; Dublin , Ireland ; Luxembourg ; Madrid , Spain ; Oslo , Norway ; Paris , France ; Reykjavik , Iceland ; Riga , Latvia ; Rome , Italy ; Stockholm , Sweden ; Tallinn , Estonia ; and The Hague . An envelope , containing what testing revealed to be white flour , prompted the U.S. Embassy in Madrid to close the staff entrance on Wednesday , a U.S. embassy official told CNN . Mail at the U.S. Embassy in Madrid is received near the front entrance and was closed amid security concerns , he said , though most employees remained at work . "  We know where the package is coming from , " the official said , but declined to elaborate . The official spoke on coindition on anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to the media . He described the incident as "  very serious " but went on to say there is probably "  more commotion " outside the embassy , where local media reported police and ambulances had gathered . A similar letter was mailed to the U.S. Embassy in Copenhagen on Tuesday , embassy spokeswoman Melissa Ford said Wednesday . She said the contents of that envelope "  still are n't in , " contrary to Wood 's statement . "  It usually takes more than 24 hours  for the cultures  , so perhaps we 'll know later today or early tomorrow , " Ford told CNN . CNN 's Elise Labott and Madrid Bureau Chief Al Goodman contributed to this report .	Sixteen U.S. embassies in Europe receive mail containing white powder Tests show powder harmless in 15 cases ; results pending in 16th case U.S. embassy official in Madrid : "  We know where the package is coming from "
CNN  -- A very nice married couple from Canada struck up a conversation in a restaurant where we were having dinner . At one point the husband said that , earlier in his life , he had played with some buddies in a rock band . The name of the band , he said , was the Rock-Olas . "  Like the jukebox , " I said . "  Of course , " he said . Rock-Ola jukeboxes were gorgeous ; they were icons of the early days of rock and roll . "  Where do you think those jukeboxes got their name ? " I asked him . He assumed the same thing most people always assumed : "  Rock-Ola " was a combination of "  rock and roll " and "  Victrola , " the storied brand of early phonograph-record players . "  Nope , " I said . I had always thought the same thing . But then , years ago , I spoke with the founder of Rock-Ola . His name was David C. Rockola . The whole thing was a total coincidence . Even before he started manufacturing jukeboxes , he had put the hyphen between the two parts of his name when he was selling coin-operated machines . He just wanted customers to be able to pronounce his name -- and the company 's -- correctly . The couple to whom I told the story laughed , and later it occurred to me that many products we take for granted -- products so famous that they and their names are synonymous -- once started out nameless . There was the thing -- the product -- and then there was a need to call it something . Take Snickers , the candy bar . When you hear "  Snickers , " you immediately see the candy , almost taste it . But how did it become Snickers ? Well , the Mars family , who introduced the candy bar , had a favorite horse they owned . Snickers . So when they needed to call the candy bar something ... Cheerios -- the cereal ? It was originally named Cheerioats , because of its main ingredient . But there was a problem -- a competitor was producing an oat cereal with a similar name . Thus : Cheerios . It has n't done badly . How about Q-tips ? Everyone knows what they are , but what does the name mean ? A man named Leo Gerstenzang , in the 1920s , saw his wife applying cotton swabs to toothpicks . This gave him the idea to come up with a pre-made cotton swab for use with infants . The product 's original name -- intended to connote gentle care of happy newborns  this was in a different American era , with a different lexicon  -- was Baby Gays . But that did n't adequately describe the product , so it was changed to Q-tips . Q for quality ; tips for the cotton swab at either end . What about Conway Twitty , the late singer ?  I know we 're getting a little far afield here -- Twitty was a person , not a product -- but he was terrific , and his name begs the question . He was Harold Jenkins in the 1950s , trying to make it big in the recording industry , and finding that "  Harold Jenkins " did n't exactly translate to thrills and excitement . So the story went , he and his manager took a map of the United States and put their fingers on it . On Arkansas and Texas , to be precise . Conway , Arkansas . Twitty , Texas . Soon his records were enormous hits in Rock-Ola jukeboxes from coast to coast . Next up : Weejuns , the classic penny loafers made by the G. H. Bass shoe company . You know those shoes on sight . But the name ? It refers to a similar kind of shoe that was worn by Norwegian farmers . Norwegians : Weejuns , for short . You still along for the ride ? Let 's pull over to the Holiday Inn . One of the most recognizable brands on the planet . When Kemmons Wilson first came up with the idea for standardized , affordable highway motels , he did n't have a name for it . His architect , Eddie Bluestein , as an in-joke , wrote , across the bottom of his diagrams , "  Holiday Inn , " after the Bing Crosby movie about a country lodge . Some joke . Wilson liked the sound , which turned out to be a spectacular business decision . Haagen-Dazs ? A made-up combination of make-believe words to make a brand of ice cream sound Scandinavian and inviting . The words mean nothing at all . Except huge profits . Popsicles , on the other hand , started out as Epsicles , named for their inventor , Frank Epperson . When he applied for a patent , the product was officially titled the Epsicle ice pop . His children , though , called this confection dreamed up by their dad -- their pop -- a Popsicle . Pop 's sicle . Taco Bell ? In California after World War II , a fellow named Glen Bell decided to sell hamburgers from a stand . He called his store Bell 's Burgers . He had some competitors nearby : a couple of brothers with their own stand . Last name McDonald . The brothers had a splendid hamburger product . Bell arrived at the conclusion that , when it came to burgers , he probably could not outcook and outsell McDonald 's . So he chose another food specialty : tacos . He tried a few names before settling on a variation of Bell 's Burgers , altered to connote Mexican cuisine : Taco Bell . Space is growing short here , and there 's probably an outside chance that somewhere in the world today there is more important news than this . Quickly : Nehi soda pop . The founder wanted customers to understand that his soda pop came in tall bottles , offering good value for the money . Knee-high bottles , to be hyperbolic . In marketing , hyperbolic is good . Thus : Nehi . May we slip just one more in ? Dairy Queen . Its founder , John F. McCullough , liked to proudly proclaim to all who would listen that the cow was "  the queen of the dairy business . " As a parting note , let 's give the last word to David Rockola himself . He died in 1993 ; when I spoke with him , six years earlier , he was 90 . I told him that it must be really cool to be able to have a jukebox in his home -- especially one with his name on it . No , he said . No jukebox in the Rockola home : "  I had speakers installed in the ceilings of every room , and I had the wiring put in . But at the last minute , Mrs. Rockola said no . She said , ` You get enough of jukeboxes at the factory . We do n't need one here . ' " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene learned the story behind Rock-ola jukeboxes ' name ; got curious about others He found Snickers candy was named after a favorite horse of the Mars family He learned how Conway Twitty picked a new name because the real one was n't as exciting Greene : First there are products , then they need names ; and behind them some good stories
CNN  -- Leading Women has won the silver award in the Social Media category at the inaugural WAN-IFRA European Digital Media Awards last Monday night . The awards , which honors "  outstanding work in online media , cross-media , online video , infographics , mobile , tablets and social media , " were presented to nearly 20 companies and publications . Read more : Storify -- How women are changing the workplace The judges commended the "  impressive initiative that only a global news organization like CNN could do " and praised the "  comprehensive use of social media , " saying it was "  very ambitious and very well done . " It was also described as a great cross-media initiative -- that breathes engagement and interactivity . Leading Women 's digital coverage has strongly pursued social media stories over the last year . In September , CNN co-hosted a live twitter chat alongside women 's business groups Young Female Entrepreneurs and Women Grow Business with special guest Hanna Rosin , author of "  The End of Men And The Rise of Women " . With women in business flocking to Twitter to get real-time advice and counsel , the chat focused on how women are changing the world of work . Social media interactive : The wisdom of women The show has experimented with social storytelling through Storify by asking for your reaction to topics such as office etiquette . Leading Women continues to engage with CNN 's digital community and women 's business groups by incorporating social media into our stories . Our International Women 's Day coverage where we crowdsourced your favorite inspirational quotes from famous females , is just one example of working with our digital audience .	CNN 's Leading Women wins social media category at European Digital Media Awards 2013 Judges praise the "  comprehensive use of social media " over the last year CNN have hosted Twitter chats , sought reaction and asked for your submissions
CNN  -- The spectacular rise of Jeremy Lin , the first Asian-American to achieve basketball stardom , has been utterly thrilling to witness . We 've watched with pride as he 's broken through stereotypes to prove that an Asian-American can play alongside -- and beat -- the best in the NBA . And we 've been gratified by the way Lin 's story has been embraced by the American public , with fans of all races cheering him on . But we 've also been reminded of the ugliness with which Asians have often been depicted in American culture . After Lin 's 38-point performance against the Los Angeles Lakers on February 10 , Fox Sports columnist Jason Whitlock tweeted an offensive joke about Lin that played off stereotypes of Asians ' lack of masculinity . Boxer Floyd Mayweather has asserted that "  all the hype " around Lin is just "  because he 's Asian . " And after New Orleans snapped the Knicks ' Lin-led seven-game winning streak , ESPN posted a story with a headline that was an obvious anti-Chinese slur . Mayweather : ` Lin hype is based on race not talent ' Stereotypes of Asians have been a staple of American popular culture since the 19th century , from newspaper cartoons of menacing , bucktoothed Chinese to film characters like the evil Dr. Fu Manchu and the bowing , pidgin-speaking Charlie Chan . In contemporary America , Asians -- when they appear at all -- are generally depicted as comical foreigners with "  ching-chong " accents , from exchange student Long Duk Dong  "  What 's happening , hot stuff ? "  in "  Sixteen Candles " to Han Lee , the stereotyped Korean restaurant owner in CBS 's hit comedy "  2 Broke Girls . " American culture tells us , in short , that Lin should n't exist . Every time he drives to the basket , he upends stereotypes of Asians as short , weak and nerdy . Every time he talks to the media , he dispels the idea that all Asian-Americans are like foreigners speaking broken English . Throughout his career , Lin has endured racist taunts from opponents and fans . And he 's been overlooked repeatedly . After a spectacular high school career , no college offered him a scholarship . After he starred at Harvard , no NBA team drafted him . He was dropped by Golden State and Houston before landing on the Knicks ' bench , and only got his shot when his team got desperate . Is the ` Linsanity ' hype caused by race ? Even as "  Linsanity " gripped the nation , commentators and fellow players continued to play down Lin 's talents . From the declarations that Lin was a "  fluke " and a "  flash in the pan " to Kobe Bryant 's grudging comment that Lin was "  a testament to perseverance and hard work , " the message was clear : Asian-Americans do n't really belong on the basketball court . We 've heard again and again that "  no one knew " how good Lin was , but let 's get real . Lin was overlooked because when people looked at him , they saw a stereotype , not a basketball star . As Lin led the Knicks to victory after victory , I watched with giddy excitement , but also a sense of worry : What would happen when the inevitable loss came ? Would the resentment captured in Mayweather 's tweet rear its head ? Sure enough , the night the Knicks lost to the Hornets , there was the offensive headline from ESPN . I imagine that many Asian-Americans got the same sinking feeling as I did : Here is the moment where the media will turn on Lin , bringing back the racist stereotypes that have been held at bay by Lin 's winning streak . To my surprise , something else happened . ESPN quickly apologized , then announced that it had fired the author of the headline and suspended an anchor who had used the same phrase on the air . This was remarkable , because although certain kinds of racist attacks against African-Americans in the media have become unacceptable , anti-Asian rhetoric typically goes unpunished . Asian-Americans have become accustomed to having our protests against media stereotypes shrugged off and ignored . But on this one , ESPN took quick action . Ex-ESPN writer says slur was ` honest mistake ' Phil Yu , of the popular blog Angry Asian Man , wrote about this "  Jeremy Lin Effect . " Slurs and stereotypes that would previously have been used with impunity were getting a good , hard look , and a major media outlet responded to Asian-American critics with a swiftness that would have been unimaginable a few weeks ago . We should n't romanticize this : ESPN knows that Lin is the biggest story in sports right now , and it ca n't afford to alienate or offend those hungry for their daily dose of Lin . But perhaps that 's precisely the point . Lin has become so big that simply by being himself -- an Asian-American , comfortable in his own skin , playing basketball brilliantly on the world 's biggest stage and enjoying himself as he does it -- he may be revolutionizing our culture . The Jeremy Lin Effect wo n't end racism , but it does mean that Asian-Americans will never be seen the same way again . Editor 's Note : An earlier version of this article referred incorrectly to the origin of the phrase , "  Jeremy Lin Effect . " It was first used by The Fung Brothers , not Phil Yu . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Yu .	Timothy Yu : ESPN posted article about Jeremy Lin with a headline that was obviously racist Yu : Media stereotypes of Asian-Americans are frequently ignored and shrugged off He says that even though ESPN took quick action , it 's because Lin is a big story right now Yu : Lin 's success wo n't end racism , but people will begin to see Asian-Americans differently
CNN  The fighting in Ukraine may be escalating , but hopes of a decisive breakthrough in talks and a clear and coordinated Western response -- hopes raised by German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's visit to Washington on Monday -- have been dashed , at least for now . Intensifying clashes in eastern Ukraine following a new Russian-backed separatist offensive on January 13 have fueled debate over how the United States and others should respond to the uptick in violence , including growing talk of the U.S. sending weapons . Just last week , a report by prominent former diplomats and highly respected members of the U.S. national security establishment argued for a drastic increase in U.S. military aid to Ukraine , including the provision of lethal weapons . But while Western concern is understandable , Merkel is right that the U.S. sending weapons is not the best way forward . Last week 's report , by eight former top U.S. officials , urged the administration to dispatch about $ 1 billion worth of defensive military equipment to Ukraine , per year . It argued that Russia was sensitive to casualties , and that raising the costs for Moscow militarily would alter its course in the conflict . Yet such an approach seems built on wishful thinking . Russia would counter any American weapons sent with its own , and respond asymmetrically , escalating the conflict . As a result , the policy would be laid bare for what it is -- an unnecessary risk for Ukraine , one that would leave little scope for achieving peace . True , with support , coordination , and heavy armaments from Russia , the separatists have managed to push Ukrainian forces north of the previous line of control , leaving Ukraine 's military in a precarious position . And while the separatists have also taken losses , they appear to have an endless supply of tanks and mechanized equipment from Moscow . But a joint press conference Monday between Merkel and U.S. President Barack Obama made clear that the way forward will involve another attempt at reaching a ceasefire agreement , backed with the already enacted sanctions and economic pressure on Russia . And while the President kept the option of sending lethal aid on the table , Merkel appeared adamant that this kind of policy is unlikely ever to be realized . Such an approach appears to reflect an understanding among European leaders that the opportunity cost of continuing this conflict could be that Ukraine misses its chance to become a developed member of the European community . As a result , they are unwilling to give war a chance , and Merkel 's statements simply reflect a belief that all bets are being placed on sanctions rather than a military solution as the much-needed Western political and economic nation building effort continues in Ukraine . Monday 's meeting followed on the heels of Merkel 's trip to Moscow to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin . Perhaps wisely , both sides appeared to try to keep expectations low , and they were openly pessimistic about the prospect for peace as Russia presses for political recognition for the separatist enclaves , the withdrawal of heavy weapons , and a redrawing of the border based on separatist gains . Kiev for its part has argued that autonomy should only be granted after legitimate elections are carried out in these regions , and the government refuses to recognize any territory recently lost to separatists . Further undermining the prospects of a deal is the lack of confidence in Kiev that Moscow would follow through with any deal it signs , although the economic damage wrought by sanctions may be creating a genuine desire to end the conflict for Russia 's leaders . Russia 's end game -- federalization of Ukraine , autonomy for the separatists , and a permanent hook over the strategic choices the country makes -- simply can not be agreed to . The question is whether Putin will settle for something more reasonable , and sensible . Will the sanctions currently in place be enough to pressure Russia 's ruler into rethinking his policy in Ukraine ? Some have speculated that statements last week , suggesting the White House was seriously entertaining the idea of providing weapons , were actually part of a deliberate attempt to ratchet up pressure on Moscow , even though sanctions are clearly the preferred policy . Certainly , Obama 's remarks Monday made clear that the United States is somewhat cautious over the risks of sending weapons , and he appeared to note the chain of custody risks , along with the danger of encouraging Ukrainian leaders to take offensive action by sending arms . Obama also seems wary that whatever arms the U.S. sends would be dwarfed by Russia 's considerable conventional superiority . As a result , while the debate on weapons for Ukraine is not over , it appears settled for now . Moving forward , the West should consider what could be dubbed a nonlethal-plus option -- significantly increasing nonlethal aid and doubling down on efforts at economic support for Ukraine . In the meantime , fighting is likely to escalate in advance of any peace talks that might occur this week as both sides grapple for favorable conditions on the ground . With that in mind , it is hard to imagine that Russian forces wo n't intervene further to tilt the balance on the ground against Ukraine . Whether or not Moscow 's peace overtures are genuine -- and Putin seeks an eventual end to sanctions -- will become clear in the coming weeks . But either way , Ukraine will have to find a way forward without lethal support from the West . This will , of course , come as a disappointment to Ukrainian leaders . But it is hard to see how adding fuel to an already raging fire would have made an end to this conflict more likely . For now , sober minds have prevailed , and the United States has avoided a dangerous rift with Germany over a policy unlikely to yield any positive results for Ukraine .	Fighting has flared again in eastern Ukraine Michael Kofman : Angela Merkel right to oppose sending weapons
CNN  -- You can keep them for only a week . But T-Mobile is handing out free iPhones , along with a trial run of its cellular service , in the latest in a string of unorthodox promotions for the No. 4 wireless carrier in the United States . Through "  T-Mobile Test Drive , " curious consumers will get an iPhone 5S loaner and seven days of unlimited data to check out the service . Starting Monday , people can sign up for the program online . If they 're not impressed , they can drop the phone off at any T-Mobile store , at no charge . People must give T-Mobile a valid credit card number to get a phone . If they return a cracked or water-damaged phone , they 're billed $ 100 . If they do n't return the phone at all , they 're billed $ 700 , plus tax . In trying to crack the Top Three , T-Mobile has taken on the mantel of "  The Uncarrier " under the guidance of CEO John Legere , a nontraditional business executive if ever there was one . Witness his slightly off-color quote promoting the new deal : "  The way this industry forces Americans to buy wireless is completely , utterly broken . I 'm here to tell you there 's a better way , " he said . "  While the carriers ask you to buy blind , the Uncarrier gives you transparency . Our network kicks ass , and now people can experience for themselves what a data-strong network can do with T-Mobile Test Drive . " Since March 2013 , T-Mobile has eliminated binding contracts and launched deals like Jump , which lets customers upgrade phones twice a year for a modest fee instead of once every two years . On Wednesday , the carrier also announced that it would let customers stream unlimited music via Pandora , Spotify and other services without it counting against their data plans . And that 's in addition to Legere , known for sporting a pink T-Mobile t-shirt under a suit nearly every time he 's in public , engaging in stunts like crashing AT&T 's private concert for developers at the Consumer Electronics Show in January . This newly aggressive push comes even as Sprint , the third-place U.S. carrier behind AT&T and Verizon , is reported to be working on a plan to buy out T-Mobile for as much as $ 20 billion . In fairness , similar rumors have swirled for several years . If a deal does go down , it looks like T-Mobile is ready to keep thumbing its nose at Sprint and other rivals right up to the moment the papers are signed .	"  T-Mobile Test Drive " program gives the curious an iPhone 5S for seven days The week comes with unlimited data on the network It 's the latest in a string of unconventional tactics by the No. 4 carrier Promotions come as Sprint is reportedly trying to buy T-Mobile
CNN  -- "  Today ... May 27 ... ... is AIMEE DAY !!! " With those words , Andy Copeland celebrated -- and invited thousands who have followed his family 's struggles thanks to his online posts to join him -- a major milestone for his daughter Aimee , as she gamely battles a potentially deadly flesh-eating bacteria . Two weeks ago , Andy Copeland wrote on his Facebook page that the family was anxiously looking forward to a special day he dubbed "  Aimee Day , " when his 24-year-old daughter could not only breathe on her own but also talk for the first time in weeks . "  We 're going to celebrate that day forever for the rest of your life , " Andy Copeland said he 'd told his daughter , as she lay heavily medicated in a bed at Doctors Hospital in Augusta , Georgia . "  It 's the day that my daughter was delivered from this horrible , horrible disease . " Father : ' I have never seen such a strong display of courage ' In recent weeks , surgeons have amputated Aimee Copeland 's hands , part of her abdomen , one of her legs , and her remaining foot in their effort to stay ahead of the disease . Amid all these operations , there has been reported progress . Last week , for instance , the Georgia woman "  finally stabilized to the point that she has not needed any ventilator assistance for over 24 hours , " her father said . Yet while she had joked and mouthed words , it was n't until Sunday that Aimee Copeland 's voice was heard again -- meaning the new holiday can now be etched into her family 's calendars for years to come . "  Today Aimee has finally spoken her first words , " Andy Copeland wrote succinctly , promising more details later . His daughter was with friends on May 1 near the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta , when the zip line that she was holding snapped . She fell and got a gash in her left calf that took 22 staples to close . Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room , and doctors eventually determined she had necrotizing fasciitis caused by the flesh-devouring bacteria Aeromonas hydrophila . Advocate : Story of rare bacterial infection raising awareness Her father has written regularly since about her situation , with over 72,500 "  likes " on his Facebook blog devoted to Aimee 's fight . And the psychology department at the University of West Georgia -- where Aimee has been pursuing her master 's degree in psychology -- also posted regular updates online . A number of bacteria , which are common in the environment but rarely cause serious infections , can lead to the disease . When it gets into the bloodstream -- such as through a cut -- doctors typically move aggressively to excise even healthy tissue near the infection site in hopes of ensuring none of the dangerous bacteria remain . The disease attacks and destroys healthy tissue and is fatal about 20 % of the time , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center , estimates that fewer than 250 such cases occur each year in the United States , though estimates are imprecise since doctors do not have to report the cases to health authorities . Since Copeland 's struggle came to light , there have been reports of others fighting the same disease . They include Lana Kuykendall , a South Carolina woman also diagnosed earlier this month , a few days after giving birth to twins . She has had at least 11 "  debridement surgeries " but thus far no amputations , with her brother Brian Swaffer noting late last week that the disease is confined to his sister 's legs and she , too , is breathing on her own .	Aimee Copeland was diagnosed with necrotizing fasciitis earlier this month She 's had her hands , leg , part of her abdomen and her remaining foot amputated Her father was looking forward to "  Aimee Day , " when his daughter would talk again
CNN  -- Jessica Alba gave birth Saturday to her second daughter with husband Cash Warren , according to a post Sunday on the actress ' Facebook page . Haven Garner Warren weighed in at 7 pounds and measured 19 inches long , Alba said in the posting . "  Healthy and happy ! Big Sister Honor could n't be more excited about the new addition to our family , " the post read . She concluded the post by thanking fans for their support during her pregnancy . "  It means the world to me . "	Haven Garner Warren is the couple 's second daughter together She was born Saturday
The world will have seen nothing like it . It is being hailed as the holy grail for power , the biggest hydroelectric project ever built that would harness sub-Saharan Africa 's greatest river and light up half of the continent . But will the ambitious plan to tame the mighty Congo River , a mega-project first conceived in the 1970s , finally get going and what will be its actual impact ? Last month , the government of the Democratic Republic of Congo announced in Paris that the construction of the first phase of a new set of energy projects at the country 's Inga Falls would begin in October 2015 . The new $ 12 billion development , dubbed Inga 3 , is expected to have a power output of nearly 4,800 megawatts  MW  , with South Africa agreeing to buy half of the electricity generated . But the DRC government 's bold vision ultimately involves five further stages that would complete the "  Grand Inga " mega-project , giving it an astonishing capacity of 40,000 MW -- that 's twice as much as the Three Gorges dam in China , currently the world 's largest hydro project . When completed , Grand Inga could provide more than 500 million people with renewable energy , say its proponents . "  A myth dreamed of for 40 years , Grand Inga is becoming a reality with an action plan spread over several plants which will be added in stages , " the DRC government said in a statement after the Paris meeting . Powerful river With a length of 4,700 kilometers , the Congo is Africa 's second biggest river , after the Nile , and the world 's second largest river in terms of flow , after the Amazon . At the Grand Inga site , some 1.5 million cubic feet of water flow steadily through a network of cataracts every second , dropping about 100 meters to form the world 's biggest waterfall by volume . Yet the power potential from the river 's rapids has largely gone unexploited in a country plagued by violence and corruption for decades -- just 11.1 % of the DRC 's population has access to electricity , according to the World Bank . Read this : Africa 's new skyscraper cities So far , the only two projects built to tap Congo 's potential are two smaller dams -- Inga 1 , commissioned in 1972 , and Inga 2 , a decade later . Both of them are almost exclusively used to provide energy for the mining companies in the southern DRC 's copper belt but are currently undergoing extensive rehabilitation as they perform far below capacity . Seeking funds The DRC government has n't yet decided on the developer of Inga 3 , but three consortia from China , Spain and Korea/Canada are the frontrunners in the competitive selection process . The financing will come from both public and private sources : the Africa Development Bank , the World Bank , the French Development Agency , the European Investment Bank and the Development Bank of Southern Africa have all been named as potential contributors . But will the DRC , a country with a risky investor profile , be able to raise enough money to build the mammoth project ? Some say that with $ 12 billion required just for Inga 3 -- the entire project has an estimated cost of $ 80 billion -- it 's going to be an extremely tough and complex task to find the huge sums needed . "  It almost defies imagination that this kind of money is going to be available , " says James Leigland , technical adviser to the Private Infrastructure Development Group . He notes that several different players will "  have to come to the party with equity , " from multilaterals , commercial and national development banks to the DRC government and the developer of the project . "  It is hard to imagine how all of this is going to fall into place , " says Leigland . "  They 've started , they 've made a commitment to proceed on the basis that South Africa will take a huge amount of the power , but getting from here to there it 's just a very long road , " he adds . Transferring power Indeed , the pledge by energy-hungry South Africa to purchase about half of Inga 3 's future power production is essential for the project to attract finance and get going . The two countries are currently negotiating a treaty to finalize the details of a power purchasing agreement , including the construction of transmission lines to transfer 2,500 MW of Inga 3 's production to South Africa . The exact routing of the energy corridor is not yet defined , but it is expected to be over land , through different countries in the southern part of the continent . Read this : ` Wind of change blowing through Africa ' A World Bank spokesperson told CNN that such power exports could potentially raise considerable revenues for the DRC . "  With energy resources on this scale , DRC can play a pivotal role in meeting not only its future domestic energy needs for poverty reduction and economic development , but also the energy needs at regional and continental levels , " said the spokesperson . "  With only one in 10 Congolese households having access to electricity , development of projects like Inga 3 and subsequent Grand Inga is essential for growth , more jobs and improved well-being in Africa . " Power to the people ? Yet , not everyone agrees . With half of Inga 3 's power traveling south , and nearly all of Inga 1 and 2 's energy bypassing the DRC 's rural communities to be consumed by the mining industry , critics say the country 's poor will see no benefits from the project . "  All the electricity that will be generated from Inga 3 is for commercial purposes and nothing is going to supply the communities , " says Rudo Sanyanga of International Rivers , an NGO working against destructive riverside projects . "  The assumption being promoted is that by developing Grand Inga and exporting , or supplying the mines , will then create jobs in the mining industry and it will trickle down to the community -- but it has never worked , " adds Sanyanga . Read this : ` Solar sisters ' spreading light in Africa Instead of pouring billions into mega-schemes , the group argues there are less costly and more effective solutions that can be deployed to tackle the continent 's energy poverty , especially wind , solar and micro hydropower projects . "  They should prioritize decentralized energy and have a combination of grid and off-grid planning , " says Sanyanga . "  If they really want to get electricity to the people , not only in the rural areas but as well as in the cities , they have to have another plan which is cheaper than grid development . "	DR Congo moving ahead with plans to build the world 's biggest hydroelectric project When complete , Grand Inga could have a massive capacity of 40,000 megawatts Project construction will begin in October 2015 But critics argue that the project will only serve the mining firms and not benefit the rural poor
CNN  -- Kjeld Schigt certainly understands the allure of stepping away from the business world to embrace a healthier lifestyle . Until 2010 , the Rotterdam-born Schigt worked as a strategic business consultant for BP International , a high-powered job that kept him ricocheting so constantly between London and Paris that he barely had time to unpack his suitcase . Then , a two-week trip to Costa Rica changed everything . Check in : World 's best airport hotels "  Finally , " Schigt remembers about his sojourn , which he spent surfing on the country 's sunny Pacific coast , "  I felt excited to get out of bed in the morning . I felt full of energy and that finally I was getting things -- things I was passionate about -- done . " The trip prompted Schigt to make a major paradigm shift . Within a month he 'd quit his job , bought a slice of secluded beachfront property on Costa Rica 's southern coast and opened the new business there that he still runs today : Kalon Surf School , which offers retreats for  among others  plenty of stressed-out business executives . For most of us , of course , the idea of dropping our business careers to pursue fitness and fun is something of a pipe dream . When our first meetings of the day start at 7 a.m. and "  after-work plans " often involve wining and dining clients , even squeezing in an hour to hit the gym can seem impossible . Yet we all know we feel better -- and work better -- when we 're healthy . So what 's the solution ? Get-fit getaway packages , which let us spend a few days rebooting and relearning healthy habits to incorporate into our busy lives . Executive Travel : Top airport lounges for business travelers "  People are tired of sitting on the beach with a Mai Tai , " says Kirkland Shave , program director at Mountain Trek Health , Fitness & Weight Loss Retreat . He sees more and more business travelers using their time off to do something healthy -- like hiking trails in the awe-inspiring mountains of British Columbia . While part of what retreat guests love about the Mountain Trek experience is their shrinking waistlines , Shave says the restorative power of nature is equally powerful . "  A week without hearing a car , " he says , "  can blow someone 's mind . " The combination of activity and beautiful scenery seems to be the magic formula for many of today 's best get-fit retreats . But all approach the "  reboot " experience differently , whether by leading participants through downward dogs on Mexico 's Riviera Maya , biking  and tasting  through California wine country , or taking group swims in the warm , clear waters of the British Virgin Islands . Some programs put an even greater focus on healthy food preparation and consumption , like the Techniques of Healthy Cooking boot camps run by the famed Culinary Institute of America . Executive Travel : Best new carry-on luggage Miraval Resort : Tucson , Arizona Miraval 's sprawling 400-acre campus , just outside Tucson , routinely hosts execs from Fortune 500 companies such as Nike and Google . Take part in the Discover Miraval package here  for as many days/nights as you choose  and you 'll see why : the healthful pursuits here range from daily yoga and meditation classes to private nutritional consultations to rock climbing up the granite crags of 7,000-foot Mount Lemmon , the highest point in the Santa Catalina Mountains . The vast menu of relaxing body treatments  reflexology , hot stone massage  and the delicious spa cuisine served at the onsite Cactus Flower restaurant certainly do n't hurt , either . From $ 633 per night . America 's 10 highest-tech hotels Mountain Trek Health : British Columbia , Canada If you need a firm hand to help you shed those extra pounds , a trip to Mountain Trek 's lakeside resort for its "  Fitness and Weight Loss Retreat " is just the ticket . Set between the awe-inspiring Selkirk and Purcell Ranges of British Columbia , the hiking boot camp runs from May to October and keeps you moving with a steady program of daily four - to six-mile hikes -- beginning with an inescapable 6 a.m. wake-up knock on your door . After a few days of trekking through fields of wildflowers , steep wooded glades and misty riverbanks , the scenery might even distract you from the weight you 're dropping : an average of four to six pounds per week for women , double that for men . From $ 4,000 for seven nights . Executive Travel : World 's most scenic train trips Kalon Surf School : Dominical , Costa Rica You 'll want to pack light when heading to Kalon 's laid-back beachfront property , nestled between the bathtub-warm waters of the Pacific and the lush green Cordillera mountains -- everything , even sunscreen , is provided for you here . Surfing 's combination of challenging exercise and exhilarating immersion in nature is powerful medicine for the overworked , and surfers with all levels of experience are welcome at the camp 's week-long programs .  Daily clinics where your technique is assessed by videotape allow even newbies to improve quickly .  After a punishing day in the surf , bide time in the pool until dinner , when local delicacies like just-caught tuna in tamarind sauce appear from the kitchen . From $ 2,980 for seven nights . Maya Tulum : Tulum , Mexico If crystal-blue oceans , emerald-green forests and sugary beaches sound more inspiring than a sweaty yoga studio , head south to Mexico 's Riviera Maya for the Mind Body Adventure Week at Maya Tulum . You 'll stay in one of 45 intimate thatched-roof cabanas , located just steps away from the resort 's two massive yoga halls ; after waking up early to enjoy a cup of freshly pressed organic Mexican coffee , you 'll get to choose from more than 10 varieties of yoga . Count on more than just sun salutations filling your day -- there 's plenty of time between classes to enjoy traditional Mesoamerican treatments at the onsite spa , venture out to nearby Mayan ruins or indulge in a restorative afternoon beach nap . From $ 2,645 for seven nights . Red Mountain Resort : St. George , Utah You can get your fitness groove back over a long weekend at an intense "  Weekend Warrior " three-day boot camp . Red Mountain 's location , set between Zion and Bryce Canyon National Parks , means your daily exercise will take place amid some of the country 's most dazzling natural landscapes -- surreal sunset-colored rock formations , soaring mountain peaks , black lava gardens . A strenuous itinerary of daily hikes , group fitness classes and individual exercise instruction will ensure you keep the calories burning  enough that you wo n't feel guilty tucking into your dinner of locally sourced elk at the Canyon Breeze restaurant  . Aprs workout , you 'll want to make time to visit the onsite spa , where desert botanicals and Utah honey are employed to ease your tired muscles . From $ 1,120 for four days/three nights . See more get-fit getaways .  2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Do sun salutations on the Riviera Maya or hike the Canadian mountains Surfing combines challenging exercise and exhilarating immersion in nature These getaways take the drudgery out of getting fit
London , England  CNN  -- Tiger Woods ' marital "  transgressions " may have cast doubt on the future of his corporate associations , but history shows that a dose of bad publicity does not always mean an end to the earning power of sport stars . The world 's No. 1 golfer has not been seen in advertisements on American television since November 29 according to media research company Nielsen , with the blackout starting just two days after he crashed his car outside his house -- reportedly following an argument with his wife . But Nigel Currie , director of international sponsorship agency BrandRapport , believes that although Woods faces an uncertain corporate future , his marketability will remain if he thinks creatively . "  It all depends on how long the story will stay on the front page . A story like this makes sponsors very nervous because they do n't know if there 's more to come , " he told CNN . "  Most companies will have a morality clause as part of the contract with a big name like Woods . This is usually enforced because of drugs -LSB- or criminal issues -RSB- , but in a situation like this which is ongoing , there 's a good chance these companies will exercise their rights and jump ship . " However , while Woods -- , the first sportsman to earn $ 1 billion -- might possibly lose some sponsors , other revenue streams could be exploited , according to Currie . Will Tiger Woods return to golf the same ? "  This chink in his armor wo n't impact his earning capacity , but companies and brands will think differently in the future . It will open up new offers and close a few doors too , " he said . While golf is traditionally a very conservative sport which attracts like minded backers , it is still possible to bring in sponsors even in cases as extreme as John Daly -- whose drinking , smoking and eating problems put his career at risk . Daly 's less than wholesome image paid dividends in 2005 when the American teamed up with restaurant chain Hooters , known for its scantily-clad waitresses , in what seemed a mutually beneficial arrangement . Hooters vice-president Mike McNeil said in a statement on Daly 's Web site : "  John is unique , successful and a man of the people who does n't really worry too much about what the establishment thinks . In fact he 's a lot like Hooters . " But the appeal of Daly 's carefree attitude also proved to be his downfall when , in November 2008 , the golfer was found drunk and face down in a flower bed outside a Hooters restaurant . Earlier this year , Hooters quietly relinquished their contract with the colorful , larger-than-life character . Another player who has successfully surfed the wave of marketing and endorsement despite a checkered personal life is European golfing legend Nick Faldo . Despite two divorces and a number of well-documented affairs -- including a three-year liaison with 20-year-old Brenna Cepelak which ended famously with the American student battering Faldo 's Porsche with a golf club -- sponsorship has never eluded the golfer . Faldo also went on to cement his position among the game 's elite when he captained the European Ryder Cup team in 2008 . Time will tell if Tiger Woods ' self-confessed "  personal failings " will impact on his career , but his world-beating marketability may have to undergo some change .	Major sponsors have distanced themselves from Tiger Woods after his recent scandal Expert says Tiger 's "  transgressions " will impact on sponsorship but may open up new avenues Golfers such as John Daly and Nick Faldo have bounced back from PR nightmares
CNN  -- She calls herself "  Diana , the Hunter . " Authorities say the elusive woman has killed at least two bus drivers in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico . According to the Chihuahua state attorney 's office , the unidentified woman , with either hair dyed blond or wearing a blond wig , shot and killed a city bus driver identified as Jose Roberto Flores Carrera , 45 , on August 28 . Another bus driver , Fredy Zarate Morales , 32 , was killed the next day . In both cases , officials say , "  Diana , the Hunter " boarded the buses and shot the drivers point blank . After the second shooting , several media outlets in Ciudad Juarez reported receiving an e-mail from a sender claiming to be the killer . In the e-mail , she calls herself "  Diana , the hunter of drivers . " She reportedly says in the e-mails that her motive is retaliation against bus drivers who have raped vulnerable women , especially those who work in the "  maquiladoras , " or foreign assembly plants  mainly American  on the Mexican side of the border . "  I 'm an instrument that will avenge -LSB- the attacks against -RSB- several women , " the e-mail is reported to say . "  We seem weak to society , but we 're truly not . We 're courageous and , if they do n't show respect to us , we will make them respect us by our own means . We women of Juarez are strong . " Arturo Sandoval , a spokesman with the Chihuahua state attorney 's office , told CNN the end does n't justify the means . "  Nobody can take justice into their own hands , " Sandoval said . "  If she was a victim of a bus driver or knows someone in that situation , she has to report it and let authorities do their job . " The Chihuahua state attorney 's office released a sketch of the suspect Wednesday and asked for the public 's help to catch her . "  The sketch was done after interviewing more than 20 people who witnessed the homicides and who gave us very valuable information for this investigation , " authorities said in a statement . According to local media reports , citing official sources , authorities know the perpetrator is a woman because she yelled at the second victim before shooting him : "  You guys think you 're real bad , do n't you ? " The slayings have terrorized many bus drivers , especially those operating Route 4 , also known as the Yellow Route , which serves main thoroughfares and downtown Ciudad Juarez , a city of 1.5 million located across the border from El Paso , Texas . Thirty drivers normally cover the route , but many have decided not to show up for work since the second slaying . Julian Vazquez , a bus driver on the same route , is one of those still behind the wheel , although he admits he 's afraid . "  There 's only about 50 % of us working , " Vazquez told CNN . "  We 're full of fear after learning this person killed two of our colleagues and nobody has any clue . " This situation has left hundreds of riders stranded . Others have been forced to look for transportation alternatives for their daily commute . "  Of course we 're afraid , " commuter Maria Banuelos , said . "  We fear that the driver might be attacked or that I will be in harm 's way , but we still have to get to our destination . " Ciudad Juarez gained international notoriety in the late 1990s and early 2000s after a wave of slayings involving women . The victims , mainly young , single women , would disappear , their bodies later found in shallow graves in desert areas around the arid city . According to an Amnesty International report , 370 young women and girl were killed in Ciudad Juarez between 1993 and 2005 . Most of the slayings remain unsolved . Mexicans are very familiar with La Diana Cazadora , as it 's known in Spanish . A stone monument of the Roman goddess , nude , long-haired and holding a bow , stands on Mexico City 's Reforma Avenue , a major thoroughfare . A replica was erected in Ciudad Juarez . Journalist Edgar Roman in Ciudad Juarez contributed to this report .	Two Ciudad Juarez bus drivers were slain last month by an unidentified woman Shooter reportedly sent e-mails saying the killings were to avenge women raped by drivers Some drivers , fearful of being shot , have not shown up for work Commuter : "  Of course we 're afraid . ... but we still have to get to our destination . "
CNN  -- Turkey and Syria are locked in a fierce struggle that has escalated greatly following Friday 's downing of a Turkish Phantom F-4 jet by the Syrian authorities . The two heavily armed neighbors are inching gradually into a military confrontation , one that is unlikely to be isolated and that has the potential to turn into a region-wide conflict . Consequently it could take just one spark -- an incident such as this -- to ignite a fire between Ankara and Damascus , the flames of which could enflame the entire region . At this particular juncture Turkey is refraining from taking any military measures against Syria . In Tuesday 's speech to the Turkish parliament , Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan stressed that his country was adopting a "  common-sense " attitude that "  should not be perceived as a weakness " . Turkey 's new approcah relies on active diplomacy , potent economic sanctions and pschological warfare , and the mobilization of both NATO and the western powers , in an effort to isolate the Assad regime further . Security Clearance : Can Turkey force U.S. , NATO to attack Syria ? It is worth noting that NATO members and EU foreign ministers have called on Turkey to show restraint and avoid action that could escalate into war . "  Military intervention in Syria is out of the question , " said the Dutch Foreign Miister Uris Rosenthal . However , Erdogan stressed that "  the rules of engagement of the Turkish Armed Forces have changed . " He stated that any advance by Syrian forces toward the Turkish border would be seen as a threat and "  treated as a military target . " What this really means is that Turkey is establishing a de facto safe zone that hinders Syria 's ability to move troops close to the border . This will allow the Syrian rebels to gather strength in that the border area and advance toward the Syrian heartlands . PM Erdogan of course spoke carefully in his speech on Tuesday : he stressed that his country talks softly but warned that Turkey 's "  wrath is fierce and intense when it needs to be " . There is no mistaking the implied threat : the de factor safe zone means Turkey would not allow Syrian forces near border , thus allowing the rebels a free movement there . So while Turkey is not threatening to launch a pre-emptive attack on the Assad regime it is certainly taking indirect steps to support the Syrian rebels . Recent reports claim that Turkey , along with Saudi Arabia and Qatar , is channeling arms to Syrian rebels with America 's implicit consent , though Ankara denies that it is doing so . Turning to the actual attack on the Turkish jet , much remains unclear . We do n't know how long it was in Syrian territory for . And was it an innocent mistake on the part of the pilots , or was the plane on a surveillance mission to monitor developments inside Syria ? The Turkish authorities refute such claims , and say the jet was testing Turkey 's own radar capabilities . On the other hand , Syria acknowledges shooting down the jet , but says the downing of the "  unidentitifed object " was not an attack . The Syrian government is trying to de-escalate the crisis by saying it did not know it was Turkish , and was merely defending its territory and not acting aggressively . "  We had to react immediately , even if the plane was Syrian we would have shot it down , " said foreign ministry spokesman Jihad Makdisi at a press conference in Damascus . "  The Syrian response was an act of defense of our sovereignty carried out by anti-aircraft machine gun which has a maximum range of 2.5 km . " But in its letter to the United Nations Security Council , Turkey says that intercepted radio communication shows that Syrian units were fully aware of the circumstances of the flight and that Syria knew exactly who the plane belonged to . By downing the reconnaissance aircraft , Syria is trying to send a message to Turkey -- and the world beyond that is supporting the rebels : Be wary : this is not Libya and we have the military capability and the will to oppose and resist any foreign intervention . Erdogan 's announcement signals a subtle and important shift in Ankara 's response to the Syrian crisis , in terms not only of political , economic and psychological pressure on President Bashar al-Assad , but also in creating this de facto safe zone that could in theory be enlarged into a base to provide strategic depth for rebels and allow more defectors to enter . Syria is flexing its muscles , and even though Turkey is not retaliating militarily , its actions could be a game-changer within Syria , and between the two countries that were once close allies . The opinions expressed here are solely those of Fawaz A. Gerges	Tensions between Turkey and Syria rise over shooting down of Turkish military jet Fawaz Gerges says just one spark could ignite a fire between Ankara and Damascus Turkey establishing "  safe zone " that hinders Syria 's ability to move troops , Gerges says Gerges : Syrian is sending message : we have capability and will to oppose intervention
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe urgently needs to form a new government in order to address a food crisis in the nation and prevent starvation , newly designated Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai told reporters Saturday . At least 80 percent of the population of Zimbabwe are living below the poverty line . Tsvangirai , leader of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change , said there was a "  deepening food insecurity " in the country . "  We need to respond to this crisis with utmost urgency , " he said . "  It is therefore imperative that a government be formed in the next few days and begins to implement plans to insure that our people have food and do not die of starvation . " Zimbabwe industries are operating at about 10 percent of capacity , and the food and manufacturing industry will not be able to deliver sufficient food supplies to markets . Tsvangirai signed a power sharing deal with President Robert Mugabe on September 15 but the two have not yet agreed on the distribution of Cabinet posts . Earlier this week , Mugabe told the press that only four posts were still to be agreed on . But Tsvangirai said in response , "  I think to minimize the remaining issues to only four issues , it is to underplay the whole process . The issue is that the negotiation must be concluded I think the matter will be solved once all the principals are back in the country . " Mugabe has been in the United States for a meeting of the United Nations General Assembly . He is expected back in the country after Saturday . Zimbabwe has been facing a collapsing economy for nearly a decade , and is plagued with high unemployment , food shortages and at least 80 percent of the population living below the poverty line . This has been accompanied by dizzying levels of inflation -- now officially at 11.2 million percent , the highest in the world . Once an exporter of food , Zimbabwe has been a net importer of food since 2000 , when Mugabe 's government embarked on a controversial and violent land reform program that displaced some experienced commercial farmers , most of them of European origin . Tsvangirai said he has consulted with food security experts and was told the country needs to import 800,000 tons of maize  corn  to avoid starvation until the next harvest in April .	New PM : Zimbabwe urgently needs government to address food crisis Robert Mugabe blames country 's economic collapse on sanctions
CNN  -- Double-punched by two Indian Ocean storms , the southern African nation of Mozambique on Tuesday struggled with the destruction of a portion of its main national highway , cut-off communications and a reported death toll of 18 , according to the nation 's National Institute for Natural Disasters . Tropical Cyclone Funso is lashing the central portion of the country , causing flooding along the Incomati River . Officials fear fuel and food shortages will start hit northern cities in Mozambique that usually get supplies via roadway from the capital , Maputo . Funso currently has winds of 213 kph  about 132 mph  , which would make it equal to a Category 4 major hurricane if located in the Atlantic , said CNN Senior Meteorologist Brandon Miller . The center of circulation is in the Mozambique Channel , between central Mozambique and the island of Madagascar . It is forecast to strengthen as it meanders south through the Mozambique Channel over the next several days , Miller said . The storm is spreading rainfall over much of Mozambique and Madagascar , and this will continue for several days as the storm is moving very slowly , Miller said . Last week , southern Mozambique was hit by heavy rains from tropical depression Dando . Cecilio Grachane , the chief of the National Roads Administration , expects provisional repairs will be done on the nation 's critical north-south highway by Wednesday . But because of poor communication , traffic continues to move toward the place where the waters of the Incomati are overwashing the highway . The U.S. Embassy in Mozambique said Tuesday it had received reports from two American citizens unable to travel because of a road closure . There have been no reports of Americans injured , it said . Prime Minister Aires Ali visited the area on Sunday , urging people to not move on the road before they get clear advice on road and weather conditions . On Monday , small boats were helping move people trapped by floodwater along the highway . The Movene River , a tributary of the Umbeluzi , has risen substantially , limiting access to the Umbeluzi water treatment station on which Maputo relies for its water supply . Water used by residents of the capital city now has a brown color .	Mozambique struggles after onslaught of two Indian Ocean storms Tropical depression hit southern Mozambique last week ; cyclone now lashing central coast The main highway to the northern part of the nation is cut off by floodwaters Cyclone Funso forecast to strengthen as it meanders south through Mozambique Channel
RollingStone.com  -- Many have speculated about what Apple 's big announcement tomorrow morning will be , and the Wall Street Journal claims that it has the answer : The Beatles ' catalog will finally be available on iTunes . Citing "  people familiar with the situation , " the paper says that the deal was being negotiated as recently as last week between Apple , representatives for the Beatles and their record label , EMI . The source also said Apple could still change its plans at the last minute . Rolling Stone : Rare photos of the band 's 1964 U.S. tour Spokesmen for Apple , EMI and Paul McCartney declined to comment to the paper . Apple and the group have had a long and often fraught relationship , and not just because the computer giant and the Beatles ' custom label share a name  which was the cause of the first legal action between the two companies , in 1978  . Due to the complexities of the Beatles ' finances , the group has been late to many developments : Its catalog was not released on CD until 1987 , and boxed sets of unreleased material were not released until the mid-1990s . When the group 's catalog was finally remastered and released last September , a press release simply said : "  Discussions regarding the digital distribution of the catalogue will continue . There is no further information available at this time . " Copyright  2010 Rolling Stone .	Wall Street Journals says deal was being negotiated as recently as last week Source also says Apple could still change its plans at the last minute Apple and the group have had a long and often fraught relationship
CNN  -- If this is an indication of what Roger Federer will do at Wimbledon , his opponents had better watch out . Federer recorded the second double bagel of his career when he defeated wildcard Mischa Zverev 6-0 6-0 on Friday to reach the semifinals of a Wimbledon warm-up in Halle , Germany . The only other time Federer did n't drop a game in a match was at the year-end championships in 2005 against clay-court specialist Gaston Gaudio . "  You never go to court aiming for such a score , " Federer , who turns 32 in August , told reporters . "  I 'm surprised to have managed it today . " At Wimbledon , which begins on June 24 , Federer will be bidding to advance to a first grand slam final since claiming a seventh title on the Wimbledon grass a year ago . He lost to Tomas Berdych in the U.S. Open quarterfinals last September , Andy Murray in January 's Australian Open semifinals and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in this month 's French Open quarterfinals . Federer knows the chances of registering a second consecutive double bagel are slim . He meets local favorite and the man who beat him in last year 's final in Halle , Tommy Haas , in the last four . "  I expect a completely different opponent tomorrow , " Federer said . Haas and Federer , good friends , played doubles together this week in Halle . "  He is one of the greatest of all time , perhaps the greatest , " said Haas . Haas , the 35-year-old third seed , rallied from a set down to oust Gael Monfils 6-7  4  6-3 6-3 . But he was the only German winner on the day . Besides Zverev , sixth-seed Philipp Kohlschreiber and eighth-seed Florian Mayer were also sent packing . French second-seed Richard Gasquet topped Mayer 6-3 7-6  4  and Russian Mikhail Youzhny beat Kohlschreiber , the 2011 champion , 6-3 6-2 . At Queen 's Club in London , the other men 's warm-up taking place this week , top-seed Andy Murray progressed to the semifinals with a 6-4 7-6  3  victory over Germany 's Benjamin Becker . The Scot returned from a back injury at Queen 's and has n't lost a set in his three matches , despite several stops and starts due to rain . He has shared the spotlight at Queen 's with veteran and four-time winner Lleyton Hewitt . "  I thought the first set was good , and then he started playing much better in the second , " Murray said in a televised interview . "  I just managed to hang tough and get the win . The conditions were tough , again , but it 's only my first week on grass . " While Federer tries for an eighth success at Wimbledon , Murray will attempt to end a 77-year British men 's singles drought at the All England Club . His next foe is fourth-seed Tsonga , who suffered a painful semifinal defeat to David Ferrer on home soil at the French Open . Tsonga eased past young American Denis Kudla 6-3 6-2 . Hewitt , who has endured multiple hip operations , toppled Juan Martin del Potro 6-2 , 2-6 , 6-2 . Del Potro , still learning the finer points of playing on grass , missed the French Open due to illness . "  I 'm still hanging in there , " the 32-year-old Hewitt said . "  The last four or five years have been tough with surgeries , but mentally I feel fresh . " As in Halle a back-to-back winner remains a possibility because Croatian Marin Cilic , the fifth seed , edged Berdych 7-5 7-6  4  . Cilic almost exited in the third round , trailing Feliciano Lopez 5-2 in the third set before staging a comeback .	Roger Federer does n't lose a game against his quarterfinal opponent Federer next meets doubles partner Tommy Haas on the grass in Halle Andy Murray reaches the semifinals at Queen 's Club event in London
CNN  Jacob Lawrence 's groundbreaking work , "  The Migration of the Negro , " is a series of 60 small paintings with text depicting the lives of millions of pre-World War II blacks as they moved from the oppressive South to the promise of a better life in the North . One frame in particular , No. 22 , shows three black men dressed in their Sunday best , handcuffed , heads bowed standing in front of a window adorned with prison bars . The caption reads : "  Another of the social causes of the migrants ' leaving was that at times they did not feel safe , or it was not the best thing to be found on the streets late at night . They were arrested on the slightest provocation . " Lawrence painted this picture around 1940 . This is important to know because there are some people who blame President Barack Obama for racial tension in America as if the March on Washington scrubbed away the lasting effects of 300 years of inequality . No. 22 was painted before hip-hop became the piata for conservative talk show hosts to bash and before sagging pants became a popular fashion statement . Some of us keep looking for a new reason why this old problem continues to haunt us because to think otherwise requires effort . It 's a lot easier to retweet a Dr. King meme . It is more convenient to say the violence began when rioters threw bricks at police and not when a city 's Police Department began terrorizing its residents . We criticize Baltimore 's mayor for not "  restoring order " as if paying victims of police brutality nearly $ 6 million in a four-year span is "  order . " Now , some people are partially blaming the 2013 movie "  The Purge " for the uprising in Baltimore as if the 1996 riots in St. Petersburg , Florida , happened on a different planet . Or that the more than 100 cases of Baltimore police brutality that were either lost or settled out of court since 2011 provide no insight as to what the residents have been dealing with for some time . An 87-year-old grandmother had her shoulder broken by overzealous police , and Sen. Rand Paul -- God bless him -- suggested the rise in absentee fathers is the reason for this latest clash . It is true only 34 % of black children live in a two-family household today , and I do believe that is a problem . Soul searching , as the President suggested , is something that needs to be had by all . But it is also true that 65 % of black children lived with both parents in 1960 , and yet there was still a lack of trust between the police and the minority community . Sen. Paul 's rationale falls apart when you consider that John Henry Crawford III was shot and killed by police at a Walmart in Ohio while on the phone talking with the mother of his two children . Crawford 's father was literally playing with his two grandchildren as his son was being gunned down . In 1971 , Marvin Gaye cracked the Top 10 on the pop charts with "  Inner City Blues , " which included the lines : Crime is increasing Trigger happy policing Panic is spreading God knows where we 're heading And yet so many look at the protests , uprisings and yes , sometimes riots , with this incredulous demeanor as if the raw emotions captured on camera are materializing out of thin air . No backdrop . No historical context . Television journalists asking questions that seem to characterize the recent developments as unexplained anger detached from any tangible issue . It is as if they believe the absence of burning crosses translated into peace and harmony . Meanwhile , Louisiana state police want people to believe Victor White III shot himself in the chest while handcuffed sitting in the back of a police car . How can there be peace when the Department of Justice found black residents in Ferguson were preyed upon for years by a corrupt Police Department ? Where is the harmony when the average white household has 13 times the wealth of its black counterpart ? And we know the impact wealth has on education , housing and mortality . Now there is video of police in Inkster , Michigan , celebrating the beating of a suspect as he sits nearby with broken ribs , a head injury and bleeding . The officers fist pump and laugh . One of them even appears to joyfully re-enact parts of the incident in plain view of Floyd Dent , the man in custody . And when the incident in question was under investigation , the Inkster Police Department suppressed the video . Two months would go by before the public saw what we are paying for . But at least we saw it . In Chicago , the police department has yet to release dash cam video of the fatal encounter officers had with 17-year-old Laquan McDonald last October . The report said an officer fired shots into McDonald 's chest after the teen lunged at them with a knife . Witnesses said the shooting was unjustified . The autopsy shows McDonald was shot 16 times from a variety of angles by the officer . The City Council recently approved a $ 5 million settlement but maintains there was no wrongdoing . The video could shed some light on what really happened ... which may explain why we have yet to see it . This comes on the heels of Mayor Rahm Emanuel establishing a $ 5.5 million reparations fund for victims of former CPD commander John Burge . For three decades Burge and his team ran a torture ring that used electric shock , burned and beat up more than 100 black men . And some look at Baltimore and the protests happening all around the country and wonder where all of this rage is coming from ? This mistrust did n't come from somewhere . It 's always been here . Woven in the comedic deliveries of Richard Pryor , Dick Gregory and Dave Chappelle ; saturated within the prose of Lorraine Hansberry , Maya Angelou and Shonda Rhimes ; heard in soulful cries of Billie Holiday 's "  Strange Fruit " to John Legend standing on an Oscar stage singing "  one day , when the glory comes it will be ours . " For decades , the works of black artists have explicitly talked about the Baltimores of this country and though their work has been celebrated and curated , the message remains lost . Why else would someone believe sagging pants and hoodies are to blame for mass incarcerations ? That President Obama is the reason why some blacks are frustrated with police and not the dynamic beautifully captured by Lawrence 75 years ago . Before President Richard Nixon started the war on drugs . Before Eric Garner started selling loose cigarettes in Staten Island . Before Baltimore became the setting of a critically acclaimed TV show . There is n't a new reason why Freddie Gray 's death triggered outrage . Just new ways for people to validate apathy and explain away racism .	LZ Granderson : People keep looking for new reasons to validate apathy and explain away racism But what happened in Baltimore did n't come up overnight ; artist Jacob Lawrence depicted the same story in 1940s
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- President Barack Obama made an unannounced visit Friday to Afghanistan , where he delivered holiday greetings to U.S. troops stationed there and promised continued full support in the war against Taliban and other extremists . The president , who stayed for almost four hours before heading back to Washington , addressed nearly 3,900 troops at Bagram Airfield . Most of the troops were with the Army 's 101st Airborne Division , though components of all the service branches were represented . "  I wanted to make sure that I could spend a little time this holiday with the finest fighting force the world has ever known , " he told the enthusiastic audience . "  On behalf of more than 300 million Americans , we are here to say thank you . " The president praised the troops for what he characterized as recent military gains in the nine-year conflict . Our coalition "  is strong and is growing , " he said . "  You 're going on the offense  We 're  tired of playing defense . " Obama visited a hospital on the base , where he met with five wounded soldiers and three wounded civilian contractors , reporters traveling with the president said . He awarded five Purple Hearts and met with the surviving members of a platoon that lost six comrades earlier in the week . Obama had originally planned to travel to Kabul to meet with President Hamid Karzai and greet U.S. Embassy staffers , but stayed at Bagram because of poor weather . He did , however , speak to Karzai for 15 minutes via secure videoconference . The president later huddled with National Security Adviser Tom Donilon , Ambassador Karl Eikenberry , and Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan . It was unclear whether U.S. concerns with the Karzai government publicized this week by the website WikiLeaks were discussed . Two of the cables paint an unflattering portrait of President Karzai 's half brother , Ahmed Wali Karzai , who has been accused of dealing drugs . Prior to the latest WikiLeaks disclosures , Petraeus met with the Afghan president in an effort to ease tensions . Karzai had told the Washington Post he would like to scale back the U.S. military presence in his nation , and criticized the military presence as "  intrusive " while calling Special Operations raids a problem . In response , Petraeus told Karzai aides that the president 's view could make his relationship with the United States "  untenable . " A major U.S. military review of the war in Afghanistan is due this month , a year after Obama ordered additional U.S. troops to the country as part of a strategy that could bring some forces home as soon as July 2011 . Officials have said the goal is to end combat operations in Afghanistan in 2014 . Friday 's trip was Obama 's second to Afghanistan since he became commander-in-chief . He visited Afghanistan in 2008 as a presidential candidate .	NEW : Obama visit to Afghanistan lasts nearly four hours NEW : "  We 're tired of playing defense , " he says President awards five Purple Hearts He speaks via videoconference with Karzai for 15 minutes
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Hours after it snapped power lines , overturned cars and ripped away bamboo homes , the most powerful cyclone to hit India in years weakened Sunday , but not before it left at least 14 dead . Morning light revealed damage from Tropical Cyclone Phailin after it pounded the eastern coast , the strongest storm in India in 14 years . Debris littered wet streets . Buildings had gaping holes where roofs and windows had been . In Odisha state , where the cyclone landed , at least 13 people were killed after trees fell and walls collapsed when the storm hit , Police Chief Prakash Mishra said . Another death was confirmed in Andhra Pradesh state , India 's disaster management authority said . Many had feared the death toll would be higher . Massive evacuation efforts helped limit the number of casualties , officials said . "  It is a huge , huge relief , " Naveen Patnaik , Odisha 's chief minister , told CNN sister network CNN-IBN . "  Damage has been minimal . " But in the hardest hit areas , the storm 's impact was clear , with flooded highways , fallen trees and downed power lines . As a precautionary measure , authorities cut the electricity in the affected districts . It could take up to a week to restore power , authorities said . Like a fierce hurricane Hurricanes are known as cyclones in the Indian Ocean . At 140 mph wind speed , Phailin made landfall as the equivalent of a Category 4 hurricane . The strongest hurricane is a Category 5 , which comes with winds greater than 155 mph . By Sunday , some 13 hours later , it was the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane with winds of about 80 mph . Where have all the hurricanes gone ? ` Zero-casualty approach ' India evacuated nearly a million people before the storm to avoid a repeat of what happened in 1999 , when a cyclone killed 10,000 people . "  We have taken a zero-casualty approach , " said Kamal Lochan Mishra , Odisha state 's disaster manager . "  If people do not move , force will be used to evacuate them . " Phailin has brought nearly 8 inches of rain to Odisha 's capital of Bhubaneswar , about 30 miles from the coast . The city 's average rainfall for October is 6.5 inches . The storm will continue to fall apart as it moves over land , but tropical storm-force winds are still possible through early Monday , said CNN meteorologist Judson Jones . Rainfall will also be a problem as Phailin moves up toward the Himalayas in Nepal . Multiple states in the region were under weather warnings for excessive rainfall and thunderstorms . Hundreds of emergency shelters About 900,000 were evacuated in Odisha alone . Most people in low-lying coastal areas of the state left on foot or by bicycle , Kamal Lochan Mishra said . Relocating evacuees is a major challenge because of property damage and losses caused by the storm , said Patnaik . Most are housed in nearly 250 emergency shelters set up in sturdy buildings like schools and government offices . The India Meteorological Department warned of extensive damage to houses made of flimsy materials like mud and bamboo , as well as damage to old buildings . The storm disrupted power and communication lines . Extensive flooding also affected rail and road traffic , and crops are likely to suffer major damage , the agency said . In Gopalpur , a coastal resort town in Ganjam , restaurants were shuttered and streets deserted . Tourists and local residents left the town . Military deployed In October 1999 , Cyclone 05B , also known as the Odisha Cyclone , made landfall in the same area , killing 10,000 people . It was the strongest tropical cyclone recorded in the Bay of Bengal , with winds of 155 mph at landfall . It caused more than $ 2 billion in damage . In advance of Phailin , military units and National Disaster Response Force personnel were deployed to coastal areas with relief supplies and medical aid , CNN-IBN said . All flights to Odisha have been canceled and train services in the state are also disrupted , CNN 's sister network reported . Officials survey damage As authorities surveyed the damage Sunday , they said food assistance would be provided to severely impacted villages . Teams from nonprofits were also canvassing the affected areas . Initial surveys indicate the damage was not as bad as many feared it could be , Save the Children said . But strong winds and heavy rains continued to pound some areas . "  There may be delays in being able to reach the most vulnerable families with aid , " said Devendra Tak , a spokesman for the organization . "  This also means it could take some time before the full extent of the damage is known . " CNN 's Neha Sharma and Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi , and Faith Karimi wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Mallika Kapur , Bharati Naik , Catherine E. Shoichet , Pedram Javaheri and Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	NEW : Save the Children : It could take time before the extent of damage is known Massive evacuation efforts helped limit the number of casualties At least 14 people were killed , authorities say To avoid electrocution , authorities cut the electricity in affected districts
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The wounds of partition festered again this week in India , resulting in the banning of a book and the expulsion of a respected politician . Protesters burn an effigy of Jaswant Singh over his book ; the former foreign minister was ousted from his party . The home state of the father of Indian independence , Mahatma Gandhi , forbade the sale and circulation of a new book it says spews revisionist history about the birth of secular but predominantly Hindu India and the Islamic Republic of Pakistan . Written by Jaswant Singh , a former federal minister and senior member of the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party  BJP  , the book calls Mohammed Ali Jinnah , considered by Indians the architect of the partition , a great man who is wrongly demonized . Jinnah went on to become the first governor general of Pakistan . In "  Jinnah : India , Partition and Independence , " Singh absolves the Pakistani leader as the man responsible for dividing the subcontinent , suggesting instead that it was another beloved independence leader , Sardar Patel , who played a major role . "  The book wrongfully portrays the fateful partition of our nation , " the Gujarat state government said in a statement . " Such a brainchild has no historic background at all . In the larger interest of society , the state government has decided to impose a ban on the book . " The BJP accused Singh of deviating from the party 's "  core ideology " . "  We always respect freedom of expression but can never compromise our ideology , " Sidharth Nath Singh , a party spokesman , told CNN . "  You just ca n't eulogize Jinnah and accuse Sardar Patel instead . " Singh , a widely respected politician known for his moderate views within the ranks of a conservative party , found it appalling that freedom of expression was threatened in the world 's largest democracy . "  The day we start banning books , we are banning thinking , " Singh told reporters . He defended his work and said he did not understand the objection to his writings about Patel , who , as India 's first home minister , banned the Hindu revivalist Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh , the mother organization of the BJP , after the assassination of Gandhi in 1948 . "  I do n't know which part of the core belief I have demolished , " Singh said . Nearly 350 years of British rule ended in 1947 when an agreement for independence was reached to give Muslims their own homeland . Indians think of Jinnah as the man who pushed a two-state notion based on religion as a prerequisite for freedom . In the days that followed , an estimated 1 million people died in a border-crossing exodus . Muslims fled from India into Pakistan while Hindus clamored to find new homes in India . The animosities fueled by that bloody birth -- including three wars fought by India and Pakistan over the disputed territory of Kashmir -- continue to haunt Indians , said journalist and author Tarun Tejpal . "  This flashpoint played out in public is a reminder of those wounds , " Tejpal said of the book dispute . As a book of history written by a politician , it might have been inconsequential , Tejpal said . But as a book about the partition , it was incendiary . "  What happened 62 years ago continues to haunt us in a very bitter way , " Tejpal said . "  We ca n't seem to leave our baggage in the past . " This is n't the first time that Pakistan 's founder has caused trouble for a Hindu nationalist . BJP President Lal Krishna Advani was forced to temporarily step down in 2005 for praising Jinnah 's secularism during a trip to Pakistan . Political observers say the Singh controversy reflects a battle for the soul of the BJP , beleaguered by electoral defeats and vicious infighting . Many in India view the BJP as a divisive force attempting to gain power by exploiting Hindu-Muslim tensions . Advani was charged in the 1992 demolition of the 16th-century Babri mosque in the central Indian city of Ayodhya , though he was later acquitted in that case . Journalist K.G. Suresh , a longtime observer of conservative politics in India , said the BJP is struggling to figure out how to stay electable , whether to move right or stay closer to the center . "  Jaswant Singh 's book is a manifestation of that clash , " Suresh said . Singh 's political climb is likely over , but what of younger Indians , now generations removed from those who remember independence ? Tejpal for one , senses the wounds could keep reopening . And that , he said , "  does n't bode well . "	Home state of Mahatma Gandhi bans revisionist history of India-Pakistan partition Book suggests independence leader Sardar Patel was the architect of the division Animosities over the partition continue to impact India and Pakistan
CNN  -- "  Moments like these , terrible as they are , do n't show our weakness ; they show our strength . " These words were spoken by Suffolk County , Massachusetts , District Attorney Dan Conley after Monday 's terror attack in Boston . A day later , signs of that strength are seen in the stories of people -- you might call them heroes -- who were near the Boston Marathon finish line when two bombs exploded seconds apart . Honoring a son Carlos Arredondo 's story began nearly nine years ago , when he doused himself with gasoline and used a welder 's torch to set his body on fire . Arredondo , a Costa Rican immigrant living in Florida , had just been told his 20-year-old son , Marine Lance Cpl. Alexander Arredondo , was killed in combat in Iraq . Arredondo initially thought the three Marines pulling up to his home were bringing his son to surprise him on his 44th birthday . Arredondo , now 52 , recovered from his burns and became a peace activist , traveling the United States with a coffin filled with his son 's possessions . This journey brought him to the marathon finish line to watch someone who was running in honor of his son . Arredondo handed out American flags to spectators . He wore two buttons on his shirt with photographs of Alexander and his other son , who committed suicide at age 24 . What happened next could have been a scene familiar to his Marine son : A bomb exploded . Arredondo is seen on video , wearing a cowboy hat , helping National Guard troops , police and firefighters wrestle a fence open to allow emergency responders to reach the dozens of wounded people bleeding on the Boston sidewalk . Once there , Arredondo found a young man -- perhaps the age of his son -- bleeding from serious leg wounds . "  I just concentrated on that young man and tied him up , his legs , and talked to him , " Arredondo said , his hands trembling , in a video posted on YouTube . He used part of his clothing to make a tourniquet to slow the blood loss from the man 's severed artery . "  He was conscious , " Arredondo said . "  I let him know the ambulance is on the way , that it 's OK . " When paramedics arrived , Arredondo helped put the man in a wheelchair . A news photo that has become an iconic image of the tragedy shows Arredondo , his hands covered in blood , running alongside as the man is rushed to an ambulance . "  There were so many people who lay next to me begging me for help , begging me for help , but I only can help one at a time , " he said . "  So I just helped that young man . " The man told Arredondo his name , but he could n't remember it later . Hours later , he still held on to an American flag , now stained with blood . Running to help Dr. Vivek Shah was 25 yards away from finishing the 26.2-mile run when the first bomb exploded to his left . He was n't sure "  whether it was the fireworks gone bad or something that was supposed to happen , " Shah said Tuesday . "  Then , after the second explosion went off , we knew something was wrong because all of the spectators and fans started running away from us , " Shah said . Shah 's story represents the heroism of many other medical professionals who were close by when the terror began : doctors , nurses and paramedics who were running , spectators in the stands or waiting at the finish line to treat exhausted runners . Sources : Bombs were likely in pressure cookers "  My whole family was on that side where the explosions had gone off , " Shah said . "  So I started running towards where the bombs had gone off to check on my family and see if there was anything I could do to help . " What he found on the sidewalk was beyond anything he 's seen as an orthopedic surgeon . "  It 's nothing that you can ever describe , " he said . "  In all of my medical training , I 've never seen anything like the amount of trauma I saw yesterday on the sidewalk there . " When Shah reached the wounded , he was not alone . "  By the time I got there , there were so many first responders and volunteer physicians , " he said . "  I 've never seen anything like it in terms of the quickness of the response to that tragedy . " Time is vital in saving lives , according to CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta . Doctors call the first 60 minutes the "  golden hour " in trauma response , he said . Within the first 15 minutes , 15 patients were at Brigham and Women 's Hospital , a Level I trauma center , Gupta said . Seven operating rooms were immediately cleared for the nine patients needing surgery , he said . Already a hero Joe Andruzzi could be called a hero even before Monday . The former New England Patriots lineman helps children with brain cancer and their families pay for their treatments through his foundation . The Joe Andruzzi Foundation had a team of runners in the Boston Marathon to raise money to help more patients . Andruzzi , who was near the finish line when the bombs exploded , rushed to help , along with many others . When football fans recognized him in photos , carrying a wounded woman to a triage tent , Andruzzi was quick to downplay his role . "  While I appreciate the interest in hearing our perspective on today 's horrific events , the spotlight should remain firmly on the countless individuals -- first responders , medics , EMTs , runners who crossed the finish line and kept on running straight to give blood , and the countless civilians who did whatever they could to save lives , " he said in a statement Monday . "  They were the true heroes . Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by this senseless tragedy . " Andruzzi knows heroes . His brothers were New York firefighters involved in the September 11 , 2001 , World Trade Center attack . Anonymous hero A Northeastern University student seriously wounded by shrapnel from the first blast is searching for her personal hero , a man she knows only as Tyler . Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick is helping the woman , whom he met at Tufts Medical Center , to find Tyler . Victoria -- he did n't give her last name -- was scared and , "  as she described it , hysterical " when a firefighter carried her to the medical tent near the finish line , Patrick said at a news conference Tuesday . "  There was a person who helped calm her down , who described himself as an Army sergeant , an Afghanistan vet , " Patrick said . "  I do n't know whether he was assigned to medical tent or , like so many people there and elsewhere in the commonwealth , just jumped in to help . " Tyler helped Victoria in a way few people could . "  One of things he said to her to calm her down was to show her his own shrapnel wound or scar from ... when he was in Afghanistan , " he said . An ambulance took Victoria to Tufts Medical Center , but her memory of Tyler followed . "  Victoria very , very much wants to thank Tyler personally , " Patrick said . "  So , if Tyler is out there and listening or reading your reports , we would love to hear from Tyler so that we can connect him to Victoria . " Call the governor 's office , Tyler . The number is 617-725-4000 . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	NEW : Wounded woman searches for her personal hero , Tyler NFL 's Joe Andruzzi downplays carrying a victim to triage tent Carlos Arredondo , at the Boston Marathon to honor his late son , helped a man survive Dr. Vivek Shah was finishing the race ; he and other medical professionals rushed to help
CNN  -- The family of a 2-year-old boy who was mauled to death after falling into an exhibit of African painted dogs has reached a settlement in a lawsuit against the Pittsburgh Zoo . "  Details of the settlement will remain confidential , " attorneys for the boy 's parents said in a joint statement released Monday with the Pittsburgh Zoo & PPG Aquarium . Maddox Derkosh slipped over a railing , bounced into a safety net , bounced again , and tumbled into the exhibit in November 2012 . "  The Derkosh family and the Zoo request that the privacy of all parties involved be respected , " the statement said . At the time , zoo officials said there was little anyone could do after the boy fell . "  There were 11 dogs in the exhibit , " zoo President Barbara Baker , a veterinarian , said after the tragic death . Although there were zoo employees within feet of the exhibit , and others rushed to the scene , it was too late -- it was clear the child was dead , Baker said . "  There was no reason to send our staff into harm 's way , " she said . The medical examiner found that the little boy did not die from the fall , Baker said . Railings throughout the zoo are designed to make it difficult to place children on them , Baker said . They 're at a 45-degree angle so that if a child is placed on one and falls , he or she would hopefully fall backward , away from the animal enclosure , she said . Pittsburgh police said the child was with his 34-year-old mother when he fell from the top of a platform railing and "  was immediately attacked by eleven dogs inside the pen . " Zoo spokeswoman Tracy Gray said they had no comment beyond the brief joint statement . The parents ' attorney , Robert Mongeluzzi , also declined further comment . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Parents of 2-year-old boy reach settlement with Pittsburgh Zoo after child 's death Boy was mauled to death by wild African dogs after falling into exhibit at zoo in 2012 Details of settlement are confidential , according to joint statement
CNN  -- Iran tested a missile-launching system and several types of short - and medium-range missiles Sunday , the state-run Press TV said . A short-range missile is test-launched during war games in Qom , Iran , south of Tehran , on Sunday . Earlier , the country 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps had said it would stage missile exercises beginning Sunday to promote the armed forces ' defense capabilities . The tests , which are expected to last until Monday , are code-named "  Payghambar-e Azam 4 " or "  The Great Prophet 4 , " Press TV said . The missiles , fired at targets around the country Sunday , included the Fateh-110 , a short-range ground-to-ground missile , and Tondar-69 , a short-range naval missile , the station said . Several models of medium-range Shahab missiles were tested at night , Press TV reported . Watch Iranian missile tests " The final stage of the tests will be held Monday morning , when Iran plans to test the long-range Shahab missile , the station said . In May , Iran said it tested a surface-to-surface missile that is capable of reaching parts of Europe . At the time , a White House official said actions in Iran were noteworthy . "  Of course , this is just a test , and obviously there is much work to be done before it can be built and deployed . But I see it as a significant step forward in terms of Iran 's capacity to deliver weapons , " said Gary Samore , special assistant to the president on nonproliferation . The latest test follows Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's disclosure Friday that Iran was building a second uranium enrichment facility . Watch analyst 's view on missile tests , nuclear tensions " The United States and Israel believe that Iran is seeking nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear energy program . Iran has denied the allegation .	NEW : Iran test-fires several types of short - and medium-range missiles NEW : Tests are code-named "  The Great Prophet 4 , " state-run Press TV says Missile tests come days after Iran admits existence of second nuclear facility In May , Iran tested surface-to-surface missile capable of reaching parts of Europe
Istanbul  CNN  -- A criminal court in Turkey brought the hammer down hard on hundreds of acting and retired senior military commanders , found guilty of plotting to overthrow the government , state media reported Friday . Three-hundred-thirty of the 365 suspects were sentenced to up to two decades behind bars , in a trial reflecting the relatively new reduction of military influence in the nation 's political landscape . Former air force commander Ibrahim Firtina , former head of the navy Ozden Ornek and an ex-army commander named Cetin Dogan had their initial life sentences reduced to 20 years , according to state media . Analysts say the plot -- widely referred to as Balyoz , or "  Sledgehammer " in English -- further reinforces the shift in a balance of power oriented toward more civilian authority . Six other generals and one former member of parliament were sentenced to 18 years in prison , while 34 others were acquitted and another defendant was separated from the case . Dozens of military commanders -- once considered untouchable in Turkish society -- have been in prison for more than two years as the controversial trial dragged on . "  The decision seems to be designed to set a precedent and give a strong signal to the armed forces that the days of meddling in politics are over , " wrote Suat Kiniklioglu , a senior member of Turkey 's ruling Justice and Development Party , in an e-mail to CNN . "  Anyone attempting to discredit or overthrow a democratically-elected government in the future will think twice . ... I think it is clear the judiciary is intent on consolidating the gains it made over the deep state and its military wing in recent years . " From outside the remote prison on the outskirts of Istanbul where the trial was held , Turkish television broadcast live images of despondent relatives after the verdict was announced . Some wept , while a woman could be seen being carried out of the building after she apparently collapsed . If the sentences are upheld , some of the elderly former commanders are likely to live the rest of their lives behind bars . "  The murder of justice turned into a massacre of justice with the decision given today , " a defense attorney named Huseyin Ersoz said , reading what he described as a joint statement from many of the defendants . "  We have never betrayed our country , nation , state and flag . " Related story : Will Turkey have soft landing or turbulence ? The Sledgehammer investigation dates back to 2003 and marks a sizable setback for the once politically dominant Turkish armed forces , which have overthrown four governments in the last half-century . The widely-watched trial demonstrated a victory in the ongoing power struggle between the country 's long-ruling secular elite and the Islamist-inspired elected government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Erdogan , who was jailed in the 1990s for reading a poem about Islam in public , sparred with military commanders during his first years in office . But after handily winning consecutive elections , he has succeed in cowing the military during nearly 10 years in office , arguably becoming the most powerful politician Turkey has seen in generations . In 2011 , Erdogan enjoyed strong support in parliamentary elections , edging the nation away from its traditionally securalist leanings . In a statement to journalists on Friday , Erdogan appeared to suggest the sentences could be diminished through an appeals process . "  We have to watch and see the appeals process as well , " Erdogan said . "  Our wish is for a just decision to come out of this . But it has not come to an end yet because there is an ongoing process . " Related story : Turkey 's Kurdish conflict has turned more violent , says report While the arrest of the generals was welcomed in some circles , other liberal voices in the Turkish media have criticized the conduct of the trial as well as the evidence presented . "  The sentence was too harsh and confirms the opinion of many people in Turkey who believe this was essentially an attempt to settle political scores with the ancien regime , as opposed to being a fair trial , " said Asli Aydintasbas , a columnist with the newspaper Milliyet . "  This is not to whitewash the military role in Turkey 's past . ... But some of the evidence presented in this case would not hold in a court of law in any other country . " Thought to be crucial to NATO interests given its geostrategic significance -- Turkey borders Iraq and Syria to the south and Russia to its northeast -- the stability of the country 's democratic government has long remained a concern of foreign policy experts . CNN 's Talia Kayali contributed to this report	NEW : Court on Friday convicts 330 suspects of a plot to overthrow Turkey 's government Dozens of military commanders , once considered untouchable , have been imprisoned Defense attorneys accuse government , prosecutors and judges of a political witch hunt They say the defendants could be sentenced to up to 20 years in prison if found guilty
The Michigan High School Athletic Association on Thursday approved a waiver provision that gives a student athlete with Down syndrome a chance to continue participating in sports despite being 19 years old . Under the new provision , Eric Dompierre , who will be a senior in the fall , could be approved to play as early as August if the Ishpeming School District formally seeks a waiver for him , said John Johnson , spokesman for the athletic association . "  I just want to say thank you for everybody to support me through all of this , " the rising senior told CNN affiliate WLUC , a smile spread across his face . Eric 's father , Dean Dompierre , told CNN that he hopes other states will follow Michigan 's lead in offering an exception to sports age limits for students with disabilities . "  I feel relieved , " Dean Dompierre told CNN in a telephone interview Thursday afternoon . "  It 's been two and a half years . We 've been petitioning and working with the association . " He said he 's looking forward to "  just watching Eric run down onto the field in the first football game this fall . If he can contribute to the team , even better . The same goes for basketball season . " "  The hardest part has been the stress of not knowing whether or not it 's going to be Eric 's last season , " he added . He said he is "  almost positive " that his son will be granted a waiver in August . "  It was just a matter of keeping the faith and believing in what you 're doing , " Dean Dompierre told WLUC . "  I think things are meant to happen , and this was just meant to happen . That 's all we wanted -- was just a shot at letting the schools actually decide for themselves as to how they want to run their sports programs , and this was how they want their sports programs run . " "  He 's doing it because he loves me , because he just wants to watch me play sports in my last year , " Eric Dompierre said . The student 's underdog quest to keep playing sports in Michigan 's Upper Peninsula garnered widespread attention because he has shown flashes of athletic prowess despite his Down syndrome , such as when he hit a three-point shot in the basketball playoffs to help his team maintain a comfortable lead . In football , he also kicked an extra point near the end of a game a couple of years ago . However , the athletic association 's executive committee must first set up a waiver process , which is scheduled to be finalized in June , Johnson said . Once the process is established , Ishpeming High School can apply for the waiver for Dompierre in August , Johnson said . Without the waiver , Dompierre would n't be able to play sports next school year , he said . "  We fully expect Ishpeming High School will apply for a waiver , " Johnson told CNN . The waiver provision is an amendment to the association 's constitution . It allows student athletes who turn 19 before September to play sports under "  narrowly defined " circumstances . Approval required a two-thirds majority of votes cast , and 94 % of the 701 senior and junior high schools and middle schools that cast legal ballots approved the change , the association said . There are 1,535 schools in the association . Under the new waiver rule , a student "  must have a defined disability documented to diminish both physical and either intellectual or emotional capabilities , does not create a health or safety risk to participants , and does not create a competitive advantage for the team . The burden of proof rests with the school seeking the waiver , " the association said in a statement . Said John E. "  Jack " Roberts , the association 's executive director , in a statement : "  Our challenge now is to demonstrate to the negative voters and to those many schools which did n't cast a vote at all , that this is a narrow gate that preserves the integrity of the program as effectively as the previous rule that was so well understood and respected . " The age restriction is intended to prevent the possibility of injury or competitive advantage from an older , more developed athlete playing against younger students . Dompierre turned 19 in January . He was held back in kindergarten because of his disability . The athletic association did not mention Dompierre by name , but it had recently released a statement that appeared intended to deflect criticism over the way it has handled the question of his participation . An online petition on Change.org that was started on March 24 now has more than 80,000 signatures . Yooper Shirts , a T-shirt store in Ishpeming , is selling shirts that say "  let 'em play . " The basement in the Dompierre home was transformed into a mini gym and is what the student refers to as his "  man-cave . " It contains a weight room , a net for him to practice kicking field goals , and a basketball hoop . Dompierre has played sports with other children in Ishpeming since he was in elementary school . "  We did n't know how far he 'd go , how many coaches would keep him on the team , " Dean Dompierre said earlier this month . When he got to high school , Eric Dompierre was invited to keep playing . As a junior , he was on the school football and basketball teams . He attended every practice , worked out with the other players and sometimes played a few minutes at the end of a game . During this season 's basketball playoffs , Dompierre brought the house down . With the team maintaining a nice lead over rival Negaunee High School , the coach put Dompierre in the game and he hit a three-point shot . "  I was on the left side behind the three-point line and they passed me the ball , " Dompierre said , smiling as he recounted the game in a recent interview . "  I heard the fans , including my mom crying . " Dompierre 's father was in the stands with his camera and captured the reaction . "  I videotaped the crowd on the other side and it was made up of mostly Negaunee fans , including their student section , and they were all on their feet cheering for Eric . " Dompierre got a similar reaction two years ago when he kicked his first extra point for the football team toward the end of a game . "  I was amazed that he even had the opportunity to kick , and then when he did it , I thought woo-hoo ! And then watching the kids react , they carried him off the field ; it was just one of the best moments , " Eric 's mother , Jill Dompierre , recalled . For the past two years , the Dompierres , with the support of the Ishpeming School District , have tried to get the rule changed so Dompierre could play during his senior year . "  The rule is 100 years old , " said Dean Dompierre . "  We 've come a long way in those 100 years in this country in the way that we involve and include people with disabilities . And I think it 's time that the rule catches up with that . "	The Michigan High School Athletic Association OKs a waiver provision The waiver allows 19-year-olds to play sports under narrow circumstances Eric Dompierre , 19 , who has Down syndrome , can now seek a waiver to play ball next fall Only 701 of the association 's 1,535 schools participated in the waiver vote , but 94 % OK it
CNN  -- Forget Disneyland ! Costa Rica is the happiest place in the world , according to an independent research group in Britain with the goal of building a new economy , "  centered on people and the environment . " Costa Rica is known for its lush rain forests and pristine beaches . In a report released Saturday , the group ranks nations using the "  Happy Planet Index , " which seeks countries with the most content people . In addition to happiness , the index by the New Economics Foundation considers the ecological footprint and life expectancy of countries . "  Costa Ricans report the highest life satisfaction in the world and have the second-highest average life expectancy of the new world  second to Canada  , " the organization said in a statement . They "  also have an ecological footprint that means that the country only narrowly fails to achieve the goal of ... consuming its fair share of the Earth 's natural resources . " The Central American country , tucked between Nicaragua and Panama , touts its lush rain forests and pristine beaches . Its president , Oscar Arias Sanchez , won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1987 for trying to help end civil wars in several Central American countries . This year 's survey , which looked at 143 countries , featured Latin American nations in nine of the Top 10 spots . The runner-up was the Dominican Republic , followed by Jamaica , Guatemala and Vietnam . Most developed nations lagged in the study . While Britain ranked 74th , the United States snagged the 114th spot , because of its hefty consumption and massive ecological footprint . The United States was greener and happier 20 years ago than it is today , the report said . Other populous nations , such as China and India , had a lower index brought on by their vigorous pursuit of growth-based models , the survey suggested . "  As the world faces the triple crunch of deep financial crisis , accelerating climate change and the looming peak in oil production , we desperately need a new compass to guide us , " said Nic Marks , founder of the foundation 's center for well-being . Marks urged nations to make a collective global change before "  our high-consuming lifestyles plunge us into the chaos of irreversible climate change . " The report , which was first conducted in 2006 , covers 99 percent of the world population , the statement said .	Costa Rica beats out Dominican Republic as "  happiest " place in world Independent British group claims Costa Ricans have world 's highest life satisfaction Central American nation also praised for its environmental efforts
CNN  -- It just had to be him . Mario Gotze scored the winning goal for Bayern Munich against his old team Borussia Dortmund in a 3-0 result that some will say already puts an end to the title race in Germany . Gotze netted in the 66th minute after coming on as a substitute 10 minutes earlier , his low , right-footed shot to the far post beating Roman Weidenfeller in Dortmund . Arjen Robben and Thomas Muller ended any hopes of a Dortmund comeback by getting the second and third goals in the 85th and 87th minutes , respectively . Gotze did n't dare celebrate in front of the fans clad in yellow and black who once adored him . When the German international 's move to Dortmund 's fierce rival was all but confirmed in April -- Gotze then joined his new teammates in the off-season -- the mood of Dortmund supporters significantly changed and the 21-year-old became highly unpopular . Having completed the treble last season -- Bayern downed Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League final -- Pep Guardiola 's men are seemingly on their way to another successful campaign . Guardiola 's side increased its lead over Dortmund , thought to be Bayern 's only serious challenger in the Bundesliga , to seven points . Dortmund lost its third straight game in all competitions and would do well to arrest the slump given three of its regular back four are out injured . This week for cover Dortmund boss Jurgen Klopp was forced to turn to free agent Manuel Friedrich , and the 34-year-old German international started Saturday . Dortmund 's best chance early fell to Robert Lewandowski but the Polish striker 's left-footed shot ballooned over the bar . Lewandowski could incur the wrath of the Dortmund faithful , too , if he shifts to Bayern Munich -- as expected -- in the near future . Gotze replaced Mario Mandzukic amid boos and the displeasure of the locals intensified when the opening goal arrived . Dortmund was left wide open as it chased a leveler and Robben and Muller took advantage . No Messi , no problem Guardiola 's former club Barcelona , deprived of the services of injured forward Lionel Messi for the rest of 2013 , had little difficulty in dispatching Granada 4-0 at the Camp Nou , using a more direct approach . Andres Iniesta and the returning Cesc Fabregas sent Barcelona on its way with first-half goals from the penalty spot , with Alexis Sanchez and Pedro adding strikes in the second 45 minutes after Granada midfielder Manuel Iturra hacked down the latter for a second yellow card . "  We controlled the pace of the game , knowing when we had to play more directly and when we had to slow the match down , " Barcelona manager Gerardo Martino was quoted as saying by the club website . "  This side know how to play in different ways when they need to . "  We have a commitment to play attractive football and I think the fans enjoyed themselves today . " Barcelona also played without keeper Victor Valdes , midfielder Xavi and fullbacks Dani Alves and Jordi Alba . Barcelona led La Liga by three points over Atletico Madrid and was six better than Real Madrid going into the weekend and nothing changed by the time Saturday ended . Both Madrid teams had an even easier time than Barcelona . Atletico Madrid routed Getafe 7-0 and Real Madrid won 5-0 at Almeria . The sizzling Portuguese Cristiano Ronaldo -- who single-handedly accounted for Sweden in the World Cup playoffs -- opened the scoring in the third minute for Real Madrid but limped off in the 54th . "  He had a problem with his thigh but I do n't think it will be anything as there was no pain , " Real manager Carlo Ancelotti told reporters . "  He will be back soon . " Real Sociedad , in the Champions League this season , rallied from 3-1 down to defeat Celta Vigo 4-3 . Carlos Vela , like Messi a diminutive left-footer , scored all four goals for Sociedad . Milan woe In Italy , AC Milan 's drought in the league continued as it could only draw 10-man Genoa 1-1 at home . Thomas Manfredini was given a straight red card shortly before halftime for hauling down Mario Balotelli in the box but the striker missed the resulting spot kick and Genoa hung on at the San Siro . Milan , without a Serie A victory since the middle of October , sits 18 points behind leader Roma . Napoli 's title bid suffered a blow , defeated by Parma 1-0 at home . On Sunday , Juventus can leapfrog Roma atop the standings by defeating Livorno . Roma , slowed by successive draws following a record 10-0-0 start in Serie A , hosts Cagliari on Monday .	Mario Gotze scores the winning goal for Bayern Munich against old team Borussia Dortmund Gotze did n't celebrate his second-half strike amid a yellow and black wave in Dortmund Barcelona , without the injured Lionel Messi , cruises past Granada 4-0 in Spain Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid do n't lose ground after convincing victories
CNN  -- A last-gasp own goal from Sasa Papac handed five-time World champions Brazil a 2-1 victory over Bosnia in an international friendly in Switzerland . The Glasgow Rangers defender diverted Hulk 's late effort into his own net to give the Selecao a win in their first outing of 2012 . Real Madrid defender Marcelo had put them in front on four minutes when he fired into the net after a fine run and pass from Barcelona 's Daniel Alves . Rummenigge hails ` major breakthrough ' on international matches Nine minutes later Bosnia pulled level as Inter Milan goalkeeper Cesar failed to prevent Vedad Ibisevic 's weak shot going into the net from range . But Brazil , who boasted two-time world player of the year Ronaldinho and in-demand Santos striker Neymar among their ranks , received a late stroke of luck via the unfortunate Papac . Brazil 's next major tournament will be the 2014 World Cup on home soil , and as hosts they qualify automatically , so the team will have to hone their preparations during a series of friendly fixtures . In Tuesday 's other international friendly , Serbia beat Armenia 2-0 thanks to goals from Stuttgart midfielder Zdravko Kuzmanovic and Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic .	An injury time own goal hands Brazil a 2-1 friendly win over Bosnia in Switzerland Sasa Papac turns the ball into his own net to give five-time World champions victory Real Madrid defender Marcelo had given Brazil the lead before Vedad Ibisevic equalized Serbia beat Armenia 2-0 in Tuesday 's other international friendly
New York  CNN  -- New York City officials on Monday were preparing the site where a part believed to be from one of the 9/11 airliners was found so that they can begin the search for human remains , according to the New York Police Department . Staff from the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner will start sifting through soil for human remains on Tuesday , police said . A Boeing Company technician confirmed that the piece , discovered Wednesday , is a support structure from a trailing edge flap found on the wing of a Boeing 767 like the ones that were flown into the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 . It could not be determined from which of the two planes the part came , police said Monday . The piece was found in an 18-inch gap between two buildings near ground zero . One of the buildings is 51 Park Place , the site of a controversial Islamic community center . Surveyors who found the piece called authorities to report that they 'd found "  apparently damaged machinery , " police said . Contrary to an initial theory that the piece could have been lowered by a rope found still wrapped to it , the police department clarified Monday that a police officer had attached the rope last week to maneuver the part to better see a serial number and other indicators . The plane part is about 5 feet long , 4 feet wide , and 17 inches deep , police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . Investigators are still trying to determine how the support structure became wedged into such a small space . "  If you see how confined this space is , and you realize the chaos that existed on this street , I think it 's understandable . It 's not that surprising , " Kelly said . "  It 's very , very confined , and no construction work went on , or no clean up went on in this 18-inch space between the two buildings " after the attacks . Some family members of 9/11 victims are outraged by the discovery . Sally Regenhard , whose son Christian , a probationary firefighter , died when the towers collapsed , said : "  I 'm disgusted , because after 9/11 , the proper search was never done . The whole aftermath was uncoordinated . It was inadequate . " Regenhard has been one of the leading voices and , at times , critics for the families of the 9/11 victims , pushing hard for a federal investigation and calling for a more comprehensive search for remains and debris . "  We advocated for a huge trajectory from that collapse , " she said . "  Human remains were thrown at least for a mile , but probably 2 or 3 miles from the site . " In recent years , debris and human remains have been discovered in various spots around Lower Manhattan . Police are treating the area as a crime scene and say the part of wreckage will remain there until a final home is chosen . In the past , the National Transportation Safety Board has taken some parts , while others have become part of museums . Sharif El-Gamal , president of Soho Properties , which owns 51 Park Place , said , "  We are cooperating fully with the appropriate authorities to make sure this piece of evidence is removed with care as quickly and effectively as possible . " This is not the first time this building has had national attention . It was the center of many protests while Park 51 , the Islamic center , was seeking permission to locate there in 2010 . Critics said the center 's proximity to ground zero was unacceptable , while supporters argued it was meant to bring people together . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Rob Frehse , Chris Kokenes and Mary Snow contributed to this report .	Officials to look for human remains Tuesday at site where plane part was found Boeing confirms that the part is from a 767 like the ones that hit the World Trade Center The part was not lowered ; officer used rope to maneuver it , police say
Goree island , Senegal  CNN  -- A short ferry ride away from Dakar , lies the quiet and picturesque Goree Island . Three kilometers off the coast , the Senegalese island is tiny and easily accessible by foot . Without cars or roads , the island preserves a charming ambiance with faded buildings revealing its European colonial history . Beneath its quaint facade , however , the island hides a brutal history . Known as Senegambia at the time and located at the westernmost point in West Africa , Goree Island used to serve as a strategic trading post for the transatlantic slave trade -- African men , women and children were held and traded here before being loaded onto ships to the Americas . Estimates vary , but all of them place the number of Africans who died while in transit in the millions . Eloi Coly has worked on the island for 26 years as a site manager . He is also the chief curator of the "  House of Slaves , " built by the Dutch in 1776 , and is the last slave house remaining on the island and Coly has painstakingly preserved its history . See also : Beach life gives a taste of real Senegal "  The 900 meter-long island used to host around 28 slave houses . Today most have disappeared and turned into private houses , " Coly told CNN during a tour of the house . "  This one was chosen by the Senegalese state to keep the memory and remind all the people about the fragility of the liberties . People come from different countries ... It 's a place of memory and reconciliation . " On the ground floor of the house is the men 's quarters where male slaves were housed in a row of cement cells . According to Coly , about 15-20 male slaves were packed in these 2.6 meter by 2.6 meter rooms ; seated with their backs against the wall , chained around the neck and arms , they would usually have to wait in the room for about three months . The conditions were so appalling and unsanitary that a major epidemic that ravaged the island in the 18th century started in these rooms , Coly said . After the waiting period , the slaves would then be taken out of the cells for trade . They were then stripped naked and gathered in the courtyard in the middle of the house . The buyers and traders would lean over the balcony overlooking the courtyard and observe the slaves while negotiating prices . "  Each ethnic group used to have a quoted price . " said Coly , "  They were treated exactly as merchandise not as human beings . " See also : Congo 's dedicated designer dandies The selected slaves would then be taken from the courtyard through the corridor to the ` door-of-no-return ' . Located at the very back of the house , facing the Atlantic Ocean , the door leads to a wharf made of palm wood , where there would be a ship waiting to take the Africans across the ocean , never to return to their homes . Slaves that had fallen ill or died were also thrown into the ocean from this door , Coly said . According to Coly , all parts of the house were utilized to facilitate the slave trade : small dark rooms underneath the staircases were used as punishment rooms , and the damp little rooms kept young girls and children separately from men for sale or the pleasure of the traders . When asked how he could face the horrors done to his ancestors every day , Coly 's answer came rather calmly : ` It is important to keep the memory of the victims , to consider that what happened is a part of the history of human being , not only history of Africans or blacks or whites . ' Beibei Yin contributed to this article .	The charming Senegalese island of Goree hides a brutal history of slave trade . Senegalese government kept an old slave house as a museum for people to see the history The House of Slaves highlights the appalling conditions Africans experienced The House keeps the history of human being , not only for Africans , says the curator
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is fighting a new infection , and his breathing problems have worsened , Information Minister Ernesto Villegas said late Monday . "  There is a worsening of the respiratory function , related to the state of his depressed immune system , " Villegas said , reading an official statement on state-run VTV . Opinon : Is n't it time to respect Venezuela 's democracy ? He reported Chavez is battling a new and "  severe " infection , stressing that his overall condition remains "  very delicate . " Chavez is undergoing chemotherapy and other treatments , he said . "  The president continues to hold fast to Christ and to life , aware of the difficulties he 's facing , " Villegas said . Chavez , 58 , first announced he had cancer in 2011 . He spent more than two months in treatment in Cuba recently , returning to Venezuela two weeks ago . Chavez : Survivor and Venezuela 's long-serving president The government has never specified what kind of cancer Chavez has . Vice President Nicolas Maduro said Friday that Chavez is "  fighting for his life . " The president began chemotherapy after his fourth cancer surgery in Cuba in December , and he is continuing the "  intense " treatment at a military hospital in Caracas , according to Maduro . Read more on CNN Espa  ol Since Chavez underwent surgery on December 11 , government accounts about his health have been vague . After previous procedures , Chavez called state television to offer upbeat , if vague , reports on his condition . There have been no such calls in recent weeks , and he has not been seen in public . The last glimpse Venezuelans had of their leader was last month when the government released a series of photographs that showed a smiling Chavez -- his face bloated -- lying on a blue pillow , flanked by his two daughters . The president 's allies maintain he is continuing to run the country , while critics say Venezuela is in limbo without a leader , and are demanding more details on his health . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The president continues to hold fast to Christ and to life , " says Ernesto Villegas The information minister says the president 's condition remains "  very delicate " The government has never said what type of cancer Hugo Chavez has
A man who captured video of the fatal confrontation between New York police and Eric Garner was arrested Saturday night on gun possession charges at a Staten Island hotel , according to a law enforcement official . Ramsey Orta , 22 , was a friend of Garner , who died July 17 after a police officer used a chokehold while arresting Garner , who was accused of selling cigarettes illegally . Orta 's cell phone video showed Garner -- an asthmatic -- on the ground screaming that he could n't breathe . Orta is being charged with criminal possession of an unloaded weapon because he did not have a permit to carry a concealed weapon , the source said . Orta was arrested leaving the hotel after police said they saw him passing an object to his girlfriend , who placed it in her waistband , according to the source . Police stopped them both and recovered a gun from the girlfriend 's waistband , the source said . The girlfriend was also charged with possessing the gun , in addition to a marijuana charge , the official told CNN . The gun , a .25 caliber Norton semiautomatic handgun , was reported stolen in Michigan in 2007 , a second law enforcement official said . Police were at the hotel because it 's a known drug location , the source said . The source said it was only after the arrest that police realized Orta filmed the deadly confrontation with Garner when he told police , "  You 're only mad at me because I filmed your boy . " Demonstrators in New York called the police response during Garner 's arrest excessive and criminal . On Friday , the New York City medical examiner 's office ruled the death a homicide . Officer Daniel Pantaleo , who is seen on the video choking Garner , was put on modified assignment and stripped of his badge and gun amid the investigation , the New York Police Department said . A second police officer was placed on desk duty . The chokehold tactic is prohibited by the NYPD . Orta is awaiting arraignment and could not be reached . The Staten Island district attorney 's office said Orta 's arraignment will happen Monday . The office declined to provide any further details on the arrest . What led to choke hold death	Man who filmed deadly police confrontation arrested on gun charges Ramsey Orta captured on video an officer using a chokehold to restrain Eric Garner Garner , an asthmatic , later died
It took 17 years for the approval of plans to relocate a controversial U.S. military base in Japan , and now it appears those plans wo n't happen after all . On Sunday , Takeshi Onaga won Okinawa 's gubernatorial race . He defeated the two-term incumbent who , in 2013 , approved the move of the base , according to the Kyodo News agency . Onaga 's victory delivers "  a de-facto no vote " to the relocation , Kyodo reported . Onaga wants the base closed rather than moved , The Washington Post reported . When Gov. Hirokazu Nakaima finally approved a landfill measure in December of last year , he ended a 17-year stalemate on plans to transfer the base from a densely populated area to a more sparsely populated one . When Nakaima approved that measure , U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel issued a written statement that called the decision "  absolutely critical to the United States ' ongoing rebalance to the Asia-Pacific region and our ability to maintain a geographically distributed , operationally resilient , and politically sustainable force posture in the region . " The U.S. Marine Corps Futenma Air Station in Okinawa was built in 1945 , following the battle of Okinawa in World War II , according to the Marine Corps ' website . In recent years the base has been unpopular with the island 's residents because of allegations against , and crimes committed by , U.S. military personnel . Many residents were incensed by the rape of a 12-year-old Japanese girl in 1995 by three U.S. military personnel . It sparked some of the worst anti-U.S. military demonstrations seen in Japan in decades . In 2002 , a U.S. staff sergeant in the Air Force was convicted of raping a Japanese woman in a parking lot outside a popular nightclub in Okinawa . Intense media coverage of the case brought pressure on the Japanese government to review its agreement with the United States about handling criminal cases in Japan involving the U.S. military . And allegations that a Marine raped a 14-year-old girl caused a furor in 2008 . The girl later decided not to pursue charges . In 2012 , three U.S. servicemen were arrested in connection with rapes in Okinawa . About half of all U.S. military personnel in Japan are stationed on the island . According to Kyodo , the base relocation was a major issue in this gubernatorial election . "  We proved that the people of Okinawa disagree  with Nakaima  , " Onaga told reporters , describing the outcome as opening "  a new page in history , " Kyodo reported .	Takeshi Onaga defeats two-term incumbent in Okinawa 's gubernatorial race Onaga wants U.S. Marine base there closed , not just relocated The current governor approved relocation plans last year after 17 years of deadlock Crimes by U.S. military personnel have made the base controversial
` More than a Club . ' That 's the long-standing motto and image that Barcelona football club has wished upon the world for many years . It is an image the club has carefully cultivated over decades , but could the deal that brought Brazilian star Neymar to the club in June 2013 result in the Spanish giants being known for more than just their football - and not in a good way ? For the mood drifting out of Camp Nou , a stadium that has long been revered as a temple of the global game , is one of disarray . Barca , as if anyone needs reminding , is one of world football 's most successful clubs on the pitch . Over the last few years it has patented a brand of football that has swept all before it , winning admirers around the world . Off the pitch , the club prides itself on its all-round approach to life , keen to portray its ` open , integrating and caring ' side and having refused sponsorship on its shirts for many years because taking money for it sullied the spirit of the game . Perhaps more significantly , Barca has long stood as an emblem for the region of Catalonia - "  a way to show what Catalonia is in the world , " as Gerard Pique recently told CNN - with Barca widely portrayed as a political spearhead in the bid to fulfill the ideal of independence from Spain . But now Barca finds itself in the dock . Last month , a Spanish judge ordered an inquiry into the Neymar deal after a member of the fan-owned club , Jordi Cases , alleged a misappropriation of funds during the transfer . Cases ' primary complaint was that the amount paid to bring Neymar from Brazilian club Santos was more than the reported fee of 57.1 million Euros . In fact , as the club has since admitted , Barca paid 86.2 million Euros for Neymar . One day after the judge agreed to hear the case , Barcelona President Sandro Rosell -- against whom the case was opened -- relinquished his prestigious position despite denying any wrongdoing . He was swiftly replaced by Vice-President Josep Maria Bartomeu , but therein lay another problem . The new man could also become embroiled in a judicial inquiry if Cases chooses to take action against him . "  We brought the case against Rosell but when we saw the contracts , we saw that they had also been signed by Bartomeu , " Felipe Izquierdo , Cases ' lawyer , told CNN World Sport . Izqueirdo says the new president 's name is on all but two of the many contracts Barcelona signed to lure Neymar . He added that Vice-President Javier Faus signed the other two , meaning he too could face legal action . Faus had also been in the spotlight for another reason . He was a rare public victim of Lionel Messi 's ire when the Barca superstar took umbrage to Faus ' comments in December that the club had no obligation to review the Argentine 's contract  set to expire in 2018  . "  Barcelona is the best club in the world and should be represented by the best board members too , " the normally mild-mannered Messi exploded . "  Snr Faus is someone who knows nothing about football . " Criticism of Barcelona tends to come from the direction of the Spanish capital , where great rivals Real Madrid are based , and certainly not from within - a warning that all was not well at the home of the four-time European champions . ` No Damage to Brand ' More embarrassment came a day after Rosell 's resignation as new President Bartomeu held a press conference which outlined that there had , indeed , been a lack of clarity over the total fee paid to bring in Neymar . Nearly 30 million Euros was added to the original figure , including a signing fee for the player , an agreement with Brazilian club Santos concerning academy footballers and a commission to Neymar 's father and agent , Neymar Senior , among other measures . With his name on the contract , Bartomeu clearly knew the details but Barcelona say the new man will not be stepping down since he does not believe he has done anything wrong . Faus is insistent that Barca 's famous brand has not been dented by the furore . "  Not at all , " he rallied in a statement to CNN . "  Barcelona is a very lively and democratic club -- owned by its fans -- this is part of the beauty of our institution and we have to respect it . We have not noticed during these weeks any damage to our brand - to the contrary in fact . " "  All our main sponsors have endorsed us and we are advancing with new and exciting deals that we will announce shortly . " Yet Faus ' viewpoint directly contradicts the club 's own spokesperson , Toni Freixa , when he was trying to get Cases to withdraw his lawsuit against Rosell . "  Barcelona  regrets not having the information requested  by Snr Cases  earlier , which could have avoided the damage that this affair has caused to the image of the club , " read a statement by Freixa on the eve of the judge 's decision to order an inquiry . It 's a sentiment with which blogger Jose Luis Perez wholeheartedly agrees . "  It is clear that this whole incident can greatly damage the image of Barcelona , " Perez , who has extensively examined the transfer , told CNN . "  Based on previous public cases , I think the judge will pull on a loose thread - meaning that he has received a complaint about one misdemeanor but may end up unraveling more . " "  Lots of things might come out in the coming months . " There is certainly a lot to grapple with . Convoluted Contracts For a start , the judge has to make sense of all the business personnel connected with Neymar . These include Brazil 's richest man , Eike Batista  whose IMX Talent group controls the player 's image rights  , and one of the country 's most famous footballers , Ronaldo , who was on Brazil 's victorious 2002 World Cup squad . Ronaldo now has a sports marketing firm , 9ine , which took control of Neymar 's commercial rights in 2011 from Wagner Ribeiro , one of Neymar 's two agents . The player 's other agent , his father , has set up several companies dealing with Neymar 's affairs but it 's the one he founded in October 2011 - N&N - that is likely to most interest the judge investigating Cases ' claims . Having signed an initial agreement with Barcelona in late 2011 over Neymar 's potential transfer , N&N received a massive 40 million Euros when the deal went through last year . The total dwarfs the 17.1 m Barca paid to Santos for the transfer , so it 's no surprise it 's come under intense scrutiny . And it 's not just the judge poring over the details . Neymar 's former club Santos is also unhappy with the revelation and is putting a legal case together to try to obtain full details . The Brazilian club held 55 % of Neymar 's economic rights but two other companies - DIS  40 %  and Teisa  5 %  - also believe they have missed out on the windfall . Angered by receiving 40 % of just 17.1 m Euros rather than 57.1 m or even 86.2 m Euros , DIS is reported to be considering taking its legal action further - as it ponders a lawsuit against Barcelona , Santos , Neymar Sr and Ribeiro . So is it any surprise , when you consider the complexity of the transfer , that FIFA is so opposed to third-party ownership - where a player is not just owned by a club , but also other parties , in a practice that has become routine in South America ? In fact , the game 's governing body has the power to investigate the transfer -- with a spokesperson telling CNN this would happen if "  in accordance with the FIFA Disciplinary Code , the Chairman of the FIFA Disciplinary Committee decides ex officio to open investigation . " This remains a mere technical possibility but should it come to pass , such a move could cast another shadow over Barca 's reputation . ` Less of a Club ' ? There are other troubling issues . When Rosell stepped down , he revealed a sinister element as he said his family had suffered threats , with media reports in Spain detailing how his home had been shot at over the Christmas holidays . No one was home at the time . In a different move , the Barca board - once so resistant to bearing a sponsor 's name on the team 's jerseys - is now considering attaching a sponsor 's name to the iconic Camp Nou to fund a proposed 600m Euro redevelopment of the stadium and other facilities . "  We will present a commercial name for the stadium to the Assembly . It will always just be a surname because we will not lose the name Camp Nou , " Vice-President Faus said on the club 's website earlier this month . Barca say stadium title rights could generate 150m Euros for a club that is well over 300m Euros in debt , so one can understand the board 's thinking , but it 's a controversial move nonetheless . Balancing financial gain with prized ethics can be a challenge , especially when under investigation by a Spanish judge over alleged transfer irregularities . Can it be said that Barcelona is beginning to become ` Less of a Club ' ?	Barcelona say impending inquiry into Neymar transfer has not damaged club Current president and vice president could also face legal action Former president Sandro Rosell quit because of row last month while revealing threats Transfer could potentially be investigated by FIFA
Hundreds of thousands of Catalans in northeastern Spain are due to increase pressure on Madrid for an independent , breakaway state Wednesday by forming a human chain for 400 kilometers  about 250 miles  . The human chain is organized by the grass-roots , citizen-led Catalan National Assembly , which last year on September 11 -- Catalonia 's national day -- turned out an estimated 1.5 million people in Barcelona , the regional capital . Catalan politicians followed up by demanding a referendum on self-determination by the end of 2014 , which the Spanish government in Madrid staunchly opposes . Spain 's next threat : Losing 20 % of its economy While the political battle continues between Spain 's two largest cities , Madrid and Barcelona , the human chain has emerged as the latest rallying point . Organizers say 370,000 Catalans have signed up to take part , and they predict tens of thousands more will also participate . The chain will traverse Catalonia from the north , near the French border , to the south , on its border with the Spanish region of Valencia . "  It will be an innocent but powerful image to push the process ahead , holding hands , " said Alfred Bosch , who represents Catalonia 's pro-independence Republican Left party in Spanish Parliament in Madrid . Dubbed the "  Catalan Way Toward Independence , " the human chain shows the process can only "  go ahead , forward , and not back , " Bosch said . But the Spanish government doubts that . It says that Catalonia , with 7.5 million people , already has broad home-rule powers , including its own parliament , police force and control over education and health . Catalonia 's fight for independence : Lessons from the Dutch And Madrid insists that the Spanish Constitution does not allow any of Spain 's 17 regions to unilaterally break away , even one like Catalonia that has its own flag and language . On the eve of the human chain , Spanish Foreign Minister Jose Manuel Garcia-Margallo said political leaders should find a way to keep Catalonia within Spain . But Catalan 's president , Artur Mas , in an opinion article published Wednesday in The New York Times , wrote : "  We ... seek no harm to Spain . We are bound together by geography , history and our people , as more than 40 percent of Catalonia 's population came from other parts of Spain or has close family ties . We want to be Spain 's brother , as equal partners . " Catalan parliament pushes self-determination Catalonia says it 's been the junior partner for too long . It produces 19 % of Spain 's wealth and says it sends far more in taxes to Madrid than it gets back in central government spending . It recalls a long history of slights , and at certain times outright repression , by Spain . The human chain will start at 17:14 local time  11:14 a.m. ET  , to honor Catalans who on September 11 , 1714 , lost a decisive battle to Spanish troops . The chain will last about an hour . The current polemic is not just between Catalonia and Spain . Within Catalonia , there is also tension between leading political forces over the timing , and the potential wording , of the referendum . President Mas , whose center-right Convergence and Union party governs only because of support from the Republican Left , seemed to leave the door open last week for a vote on self-determination later than 2014 , perhaps in 2016 . He has since repeated that he favors the 2014 deadline . But the Republican Left and those organizing the human chain insist it must be by the end of 2014 , with or without the consent of Madrid . Various opinion polls show a very large majority of Catalans want the right of self-determination . But if independence makes it to the ballot , polls show the result could be tighter , some predicting a victory in the 50 % range .	Organizers say 370,000 people have signed up to take part The chain is expected to stretch for 400 kilometers  about 250 miles Catalan politicians are calling for a vote on self-determination by the end of 2014 But the Spanish government says that Catalonia already has sufficient home-rule powers
