CNN  A mom furious at her son for apparently taking part in the Baltimore riots has become a sensation online . In video captured by CNN affiliate WMAR , the woman is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd , smacking him in the head repeatedly , and screaming at him . As he tries to walk away , she follows him , screaming , "  Get the f -- over here ! " Eventually , he turns toward her , his face no longer covered . The boy is dressed in dark pants and a black hoodie , with a dark backpack on . WMAR reports that the woman saw her son on television throwing rocks at police . The name of the woman dressed in light blue jeans , a yellow lace tunic and a cropped yellow jacket was not immediately known . But Police Commissioner Anthony Batts thanked her in remarks to the media . "  And if you saw in one scene you had one mother who grabbed their child who had a hood on his head and she started smacking him on the head because she was so embarrassed , " he said Monday . "  I wish I had more parents that took charge of their kids out there tonight . "	The mom saw her son on TV throwing rocks at police , CNN affiliate reports Police praise her actions
Incheon , South Korea  CNN  -- The number of crew members charged is rising , and so is the anger that families feel . But there 's one crew member they are leaving out : Park Jee Young , 22 , who by witness accounts helped passengers escape and distributed life jackets -- one after the other to students -- as the stricken ferry began to sink . When she ran out of jackets , she ran to the next floor to grab more . When she was asked why she was n't wearing a life jacket , Park said that crew members would be last and that she had to help others first , according to witness accounts to South Korean media . Park 's body now lies in a funeral home in the city of Incheon . She is one of the more than 100 people dead ; 215 remain missing . The other day , a man with injuries to his head showed up to the funeral room where Park 's memorial stands . When asked by Park 's family who he was , the man said that he had been injured in the ferry and that he was "  indebted " to the young woman who placed a towel on his bloody head and helped him as the water rose . "  She was so responsible and so kind , " said her grandmother , Choi Sun Dok , 75 , who sat on the floor , slumped against a wall , no longer able to stand . Her family members kneeled with her , holding her hand and weeping together on the floor . White mums and lilies , which signify death , poured in from strangers , covering the hallway leading to her memorial room . The flowers contain messages like "  We will not forget your noble spirit . " "  We will always remember your sacrifice . " "  Hero . " An online petition has gone up urging the government to award her a Good Samaritan award . Her relatives say Park wanted to stay in college , but she felt responsible for supporting her family after her father passed away two years ago . So she dropped out and joined the ferry company in 2012 . She was transferred to a bigger ship , the Sewol , about six months ago , because she had proved her capabilities , her relatives said . The Sewol 's sinking has left many appalled by the alleged actions of several members of the crew -- including the captain , who now faces a series of criminal charges for his role in last week 's sinking . "  This is so unfair that our Jee Young had to die while the captain ran away , " said her aunt , who declined to give her name . "  Jee Young was so responsible , and the captain just ran away . " Over two-thirds of those on board were students on a high school field trip , many of whom remain missing . Students grieve in hometown The students attended Danwon High School in Ansan , a leafy suburb of Seoul . The high school is missing most of its sophomores , and classes are to resume Thursday . Those who are not students , teachers or parents were not allowed on school grounds to allow those to grieve privately . Well-wishers milled outside the school gate , writing Post-it notes and signs with messages of hope and encouragement . "  Brothers and sisters , please come back , " one read . Judith Ambe , a local college student who knew about 10 of the missing students through her church , stood outside , silently praying . "  I just hope , maybe , they could be found alive , " Ambe said , wiping her tears . "  I 'm hoping God will intervene . " "  It feels so empty now , " said student Kim Song Kyum , 17 . "  It 's not an environment where you can study now . " Every student there knows someone who has died or gone missing , the teenagers said . "  I want everything to be a lie , " high school student Oh Hae Youn said . "  When I wake up in the morning , I feel like everything feels right . Then , I realize it 's not . I just wish everything was a lie . "	More crew members have been charged in the Sewol sinking incident But survivors tell of a young crew member who helped students get life jackets She refused one herself , witnesses tell South Korean media Students weep outside Danwon High School , where many remain missing
CNN  -- The suspect in last week 's deadly shooting at a Binghamton , New York , immigrant center believed he had been harassed for years by undercover police officers , according to a letter received by a New York television station and purportedly written by that suspect , Jiverly Wong . Jiverly Wong included photos of himself along with a letter , his gun permit , and driver 's license . Police said they were studying the two-page letter , neatly written in broken English , to determine its authenticity . But the package that arrived Monday at News 10 Now in Syracuse also contained photographs of Wong with two handguns , his gun permit and his driver 's license . "  There 's several things in there that indicate to myself and the district attorney that suggest mental health issues as well as there may be some religious connotation , " Binghamton Police Chief Joseph Zikuski told 10 News Now , "  but until we get a chance to have mental health professionals , have some religious people look at it to determine what it really means , I 'm really not going to comment on it any further at this time . " Zikuski added that the emergence of a letter from the shooting suspect was not a surprise to law enforcement . The package was postmarked April 3 , the day of the shooting at the American Civic Assocation in Binghamton where Wong parked his car blocking a back entrance and entered through the front door , shooting two receptionists and then more people in a classroom . By the time he was done , 13 people -- and Wong himself , killed by a self-inflicted gunshot wound -- lay dead . Four others , including one of the receptionists , were wounded . iReport.com : Is it time for gun control ? But the letter was dated more than two weeks earlier , March 18 , indicating a troubled Wong had considered the act for some time . Learn about other mass shootings in recent history " "  I am Jiverly Wong shooting the people , " the letter begins followed by an apology that "  I know a little English . " What follows is details of Wong 's beliefs that undercover police had taunted him , tortured him and spread rumors about him wherever he went . The police , he said , forced him to leave California , where 'd he 'd lived from the early 1990s until 2007 , and were trying to force him to leave the country . They entered his room while he slept , he said , watching him sleep , touching him while he slept . And 32 times , he said , police drove in front of him and abruptly stopped . But "  I never hit the car , " he said . At the end of the letter , Wong complained that he can not "  accept my poor life " and that he assume the role of judge and "  cut my poor life . " He demanded that an "  undercover cop " be held responsible for whatever happened and ended with "  You have a nice day . "	Letter purportedly from suspect is sent with photos , driver 's license , gun permit Wong : I can not "  accept my poor life , " so I will act as judge and "  cut my poor life " Note was dated two weeks before shooting in Binghamton , New York Suspect said he believed police taunted him , tortured him , watched him sleep
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani police have revised the cause of a blast that killed 83 people on Saturday , saying a suicide bomber was behind the attack that pulverized a busy marketplace . The explosion targeted Shiite Muslims in Hazara , on the outskirts of the southwestern city of Quetta , authorities said . Police now say a suicide bomber , driving an explosive-laden water tanker , rammed the vehicle into buildings at the crowded marketplace . The water tanker carried between 800 and 1,000 kilograms  1,760 to 2,200 pounds  of explosive material , Quetta police official Wazir Khan Nasir said . Previously , police said explosives were packed in a parked water tanker and were remotely detonated . The blast demolished four buildings of the marketplace , leaving dozens dead and 180 injured . The banned Sunni militant group Lashkar-e-Jhangvi claimed responsibility for the attack , spokesman Abu Bakar Sadeeq told CNN Sunday . The assault left some wondering what could stop the bloodshed in Quetta . Zulfiqar Ali Magsi , the governor and chief executive of Balochistan province , told reporters Saturday that law enforcement agencies were incapable of stopping such attacks and had failed to maintain law and order in Quetta . Pakistan , which is overwhelmingly Sunni , has been plagued by sectarian strife and attacks for years . Last month , two deadly suicide bombings in a predominantly Shiite neighborhood of Quetta known as Alamdar Road killed 85 Shiite Muslims . Police described that double bombing as one of the worst attacks on the Shiite minority . Lashkar-e-Jhangvi also claimed responsibility for that dual attack . According to its interpretation of Islam , Lashkar-e-Jhangvi believes that Shiites are not Muslims . The group believes Shiites insult close companions of Muslim 's prophet Muhammad . Therefore , the militant group believes killing Shiites is a justified in Islam . Families of victims from Alamdar Road protested for several days by laying their relatives ' bodies on a road in Quetta until the federal government dissolved the provincial government and imposed governor rule . Although Balochistan is the largest Pakistani province in Pakistan , analysts and some locals have criticized the federal government for neglecting it , leading to instability . The Shiite community has repeatedly asked for more protection but to no avail . During the Alamdar Road protest , Pakistani Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf met with Shiites in Quetta , Pakistani media reported . He agreed to toss out the provincial government and putting a governor in charge . All administrative powers of the provincial government were given to the governor , who deployed paramilitary forces to maintain law and order in Quetta . Nasir Habib reported from Islamabad , and Holly Yan reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Shaan Khan in Islamabad also contributed to this report .	NEW : The banned Sunni militant group Lashkar-e-Jhangvi claims responsibility At least 83 people are killed and 180 wounded near Quetta , police say A suicide bomber drove more than 800 kilograms of explosives into a marketplace Police : The blast targeted Shiite Muslims and destroyed four buildings
CNN  On the heels of the magical success of Disney 's live-action "  Cinderella , " the studio is eyeing another live-action retelling : "  Mulan . " Disney bought a script by writing team Elizabeth Martin and Lauren Hynek that centers on the Chinese legend of Hua Mulan , the female warrior who was the main character in Disney 's 1998 animated film . Chris Bender and J.C. Spink  "  We 're the Millers  are producing the new project . From Cinderella to Elsa  and Back to Cinderella  : The Evolution of Disney Princesses The 1998 film , directed by Tony Bancroft and Barry Cook , followed a young woman who disguises herself as a man so she can take her father 's place in the army and go to war . With the help of her trusty dragon sidekick Mushu , she becomes a skilled warrior and , eventually , one of the country 's greatest heroines . It earned $ 304.3 million worldwide , earned Golden Globe and Academy Award nominations and resulted in a 2005 direct-to-DVD sequel , "  Mulan II . " Disney has been on a roll with its live-action versions of its classic animated films . "  Cinderella , " starring Lily James , has earned $ 336.2 million worldwide to date since hitting theaters three weeks ago . In 2010 , the reimagined "  Alice in Wonderland " grossed a staggering $ 1.02 billion and when "  Maleficent , " starring Angelina Jolie as the iconic villainess , opened in May 2014 , it went on to earn a stunning $ 758.4 million worldwide . ` Beauty and the Beast ' : Meet the Cast of Disney 's Live-Action Retelling Disney is also making a live-action retelling of "  Beauty and the Beast , " starring Emma Watson and Dan Stevens . Audra McDonald just joined the cast of the project , which will be directed by Bill Condon . It hits theaters on March 17 , 2017 . And in 2016 Disney will release a new version of "  The Jungle Book " and the sequel to "  Alice in Wonderland . " Finally , a live-action version of "  Dumbo , " which will be helmed by Tim Burton , is also in the works . Best bad guys : The scariest Disney villains Writing team Martin and Hynek met in high school , among other projects , have written for the Know Theatre of Cincinnati and rewrote a script for Amazon Studios . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	After the buzz from ` Cinderella ' and ` Maleficent , ' Disney is planning a live-action take on ` Mulan . ' Mulan is a female warrior and star of the 1998 animated film . Live action remakes of ` Beauty and the Beast ' and ` Dumbo ' are already in the works .
CNN Student News  -- March 8 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North Korea California ; Florida Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Starvation . Execution . Imprisonment . Rape . Torture . In a human rights report , these can seem like distant concepts or dry statistics , but when told by the people who experience them first hand , they take on new meaning . That is why U.S. officials invited two young North Korean defectors to address a crowd at the State Department on Wednesday -- to share their personal experiences of abuse at the hands one of the world 's most notorious regimes . Yeonmi Park 's family was part of North Korea 's ruling elite . Her early life was comfortable , and her family even enjoyed access to smuggled Hollywood films and South Korean television shows . From these , Park said , she learned how different life could be in other places , and she started to feel more repressed by the government 's rules . "  I remember wanting to be like Julia Roberts after watching the Pretty Woman , " Park said . "  But in North Korea , the regime restricts even what I can wear , so instead I made paper dolls and I made the clothes that I wanted to wear for them . " When she was nine years old , Park remembers that one of friend 's mothers was arrested for sharing DVDs and was publicly executed . The experience , she said , shocked her . Many people in her world participated in the underground economy , including her father , a government official . In 2004 , he was arrested for illegal trading , and was severely beaten . Park and her mother were ostracized , and fled to China where they underwent further hardships as one of countless North Korean immigrants , and she saw her mother raped . After a harrowing journey on foot to Mongolia , they finally made it to South Korea , where Park is now a university student . Joseph Kim also grew up new the China-North Korea border . After famine hit the region , Kim 's family struggled to find enough food to eat . "  Hunger is humiliation , " Kim told the audience at the State Department . "  Hunger is hopelessness . " He watched his father die of starvation , after which his mother and sister left for China to find work . "  At the time I was so young and naive it never occurred to me that it might -- they might never be able to make it back , " said Kim . He never saw his sister again . His mother sold his sister to a man in China , thinking her fate there would be less cruel than a life back in North Korea . "  This is my first time saying that in public , " Kim said Wednesday after relaying the story , "  mostly because I was afraid that people would judge my mom for what she did . " "  But I realized this is an important part of my story , that I hope illustrates how difficult and desperate the life is , " Kim continued , "  and how many North Korean mothers were forced to make this kind of heartbreaking decision . " The event at the State Department is just the latest in a string of events aimed at drawing attention towards North Korea 's dismal human rights record , as the international community works towards shaming , and potentially prosecuting officials there . Last month , a United Nations committee approved a draft resolution recommending the International Criminal Court take action against North Korea over a slew of human rights abuses . That resolution , which is non-binding but symbolically important , is expected to come up for a vote in the General Assembly this month . Earlier this year , the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea published a detailed 400-page report documenting abuses , which it submitted to the International Criminal Court for review along with recommendation that North Korean officials face prosecution . That report accused the government of murder , kidnapping , torture , slavery , sexual violence , mass starvation and other abuses . It includes personal testimonies from people who experienced life inside North Korea 's infamous prison camps , including that of a woman who claims a fellow female inmate was forced to drown her own baby in a bucket . Testimonies also reveal how prisoners suffered from chronic hunger , and would sometimes resort to eating rodents and lizards to survive . Following the release of the report , Michael Kirby , the committee 's chairman , told reporters : "  The suffering and tears of the people of North Korea demand action . " The North Korean government is sensitive to accusations against them , and is quick deny these reports as they emerge . Representatives have claimed the U.S. and its allies are fabricating abuse claims to justify meddling in North Korea 's internal affairs . In September , North Korea 's Association for Human Rights Studies came out with its own rights report , which proclaims that North Korea has "  the world 's most advantageous human rights system , " and makes no mention of the country 's infamous forced labor camps . The North Korean government has also called out the U.S. government for what they see as hypocrisy when it comes to human rights abuses -- particularly in light of a new report released by the Senate on Tuesday , which details how the CIA tortured terror detainees . North Korea 's state-run news agency KCNA said the use of such enhanced interrogation techniques is "  inhuman " and called on the UN to investigate those offenses . And according to Yeonmi Park , the North Korean government views it as essential to control the narrative when it comes to information in the public sphere if it hopes to maintain the image of Kim Jong Un as an all-powerful leader . This was demonstrated recently when North Korea demanded Sony Pictures stop the release of the upcoming movie "  The Interview , " a comedy starring Seth Rogen and James Franco , whose characters are tasked by the CIA to assassinate Kim Jong Un . The North Korean government came under suspicion after Sony 's systems were infiltrated by anonymous hackers . "  I did n't even see the movie yet , " Park said Wednesday when she was asked about the film 's potential impact . "  But it will be a really big sensation in North Korea if they see that movie . "	International pressure is mounting on North Korea when it comes to human rights abuses Defectors share their stories of hunger , imprisonment North Korea comments on Senate CIA report , accusing America of "  inhuman " acts
Los Angeles  CNN  -- I had just pulled up in front of my hotel in Los Angeles when I heard Whitney Houston had died at the Beverly Hilton , just a few blocks from where I was staying . I sat motionless in the car for a brief moment , not in shock , but temporarily paralyzed by a profound sense of sadness . She was only 48 . Later that night , a large crowd of people hovered outside the site of her passing , some holding lit candles , others holding one another . It may be weeks before we officially know what happened . The autopsy is complete , but the toxicology report is still pending . But many of us have already drawn our own conclusions based upon Whitney 's well-documented -- and sometimes mocked -- struggle with drug addiction . I hope she can at last have the peace that seemed to avoid her over the last 15 years of her life : the marriage to Bobby Brown , the reality show , the erratic interviews and appearances , and the heartbreaking live performances that served only to remind us that her voice , The Voice , was gone , and Whitney was lost . We all could see she needed help -- but only she could seek it . That 's why if you did n't get goosebumps during Jennifer Hudson 's Grammy tribute on Sunday , you may not be fully human . Hudson sang "  I Will Always Love You , " in a lower key than Whitney 's signature version , but with a delivery that served a much higher purpose . We need to say our goodbyes and Hudson 's performance was part of this process . Buying Whitney 's music is another , as evidenced by the presence of all of her classic singles currently occupying the iTunes chart . My favorite ? "  The Greatest Love of All , " mostly for the line , "  Learning to love yourself is the greatest love of all . " So prophetic , so empowering . I ca n't help but think if she had lived by those words she might never have lost her magnificent voice . She might still be with us today . All weekend long , we 've seen clips of her Diane Sawyer interview from 2002 , in which she talked about her struggles . Many of us were not very kind afterward , joking about her "  crack is wack " line , and wondered how someone so beautiful and talented , rich and famous , could struggle . From the outside looking in , it looked as if she had it all . If there 's ever been an example of money not buying happiness , the Whitney Houston tragedy would be it . There was a moment when no other singer on the planet possessed her range , power and vocal clarity . True , she did n't always record the most groundbreaking material . In fact , an argument can be made that the arrangement of some of her most successful singles epitomized the radio-friendly manufacturing that choked a lot of creativity out of late '80s music . And certainly the rise of grunge and hip-hop in the '90s served as a rebellion against the numbing sound of that predictability . But there was always room for Whitney because her voice made room . Two of her biggest hits -- "  The Greatest Love of All " and "  I Will Always Love You " -- were originally recorded by George Benson and Dolly Parton , two very successful artists . But once Whitney got hold of those songs they became hers . So , with all due respect to Adele and Hudson and all the other powerhouse vocalists today , it 's doubtful anyone can take a Whitney Houston song and make us forget it is a Whitney Houston song . In fact , the kiss of death for any contestant competing on "  American Idol " or any of its copycats is to try to sing Whitney . I do n't know why they even try . The competition is tough enough without the added , self-imposed pressure of trying to reach a bar so high that many use the word "  angelic " to describe it . If I remember correctly , there was a time in which the angels themselves would gather round to hear Whitney sing . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	We do n't know why Whitney Houston died ; toxicology report due in a few weeks LZ Granderson : Her struggles with addiction over the past years were well-known But nobody matched her voice , he writes , and nobody can sing a Whitney song LZ says Houston 's tragedy is a prime example of money not buying happiness
CNN  -- Is Luis Suarez currently the world 's best footballer ? He is certainly making a case for himself . A day after the Uruguayan signed a new four-and-a-half year contract , Suarez found the back of the net two more times -- in brilliant fashion -- as Liverpool beat Cardiff City 3-1 to leapfrog Arsenal at the top of the English Premier League . "  Two brilliant goals , a genuine world-class player , " stated Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers , to the club website . Suarez might have had a hat-trick , too , had he shot on goal instead of setting up Raheem Sterling on a two-man break Saturday . Suarez now has 19 league goals this season -- despite missing the first six matches of the campaign due to a ban . That 's more than Cristiano Ronaldo , Lionel Messi and Diego Costa . His goals-per-game ratio in the league is also better than the high-profile trio , who ply their trade in Spain 's La Liga . If Suarez keeps up his impressive pace , he will smash the record for most goals in a Premier League season . Suarez , deputizing as captain for the still injured Steven Gerrard , opened the scoring when he volleyed Jordan Henderson 's chipped pass past David Marshall in the 25th minute . He unselfishly assisted on Sterling 's tap in three minutes before the interval and made it 3-0 with a curled effort across goal in the 45th . Liverpool struck the bar twice in the first half , with Marshall thwarting Sterling . Cardiff pulled a goal back through Jordon Mutch 's header in the 58th minute during a brief spell of superiority but Liverpool soon reasserted its control and Suarez hit the outside of the post on a rebound . "  We played very well in the first half and in the second half not as well , " Suarez told BT Sport . "  But most important was that we won . " Liverpool leads Arsenal by a point , though the Gunners can reclaim first spot Monday against Chelsea . Manchester City later went ahead of Arsenal on goal difference following a 4-2 win at Fulham and defending champion Manchester United ended a two-game league losing streak at home by downing West Ham 3-1 in a battle of teams who this week progressed to the last four of the League Cup . Liverpool visits Manchester City -- a perfect 8-0-0 at home with 35 goals scored -- in Boxing Day 's standout clash . "  We have been on a fantastic run , " said Rodgers . "  The quality of our football is at a really high level . We 're pressing the game very well , our aggression to get the ball back is good . "  We 'll arrive there on Boxing Day in a really good moment . It 's a game I 'm really looking forward to . " Manchester City has struggled away from home and looked like it might drop more points playing without injured striker Sergio Aguero after seeing a 2-0 lead turn to 2-2 . But late goals by substitutes Jesus Navas and James Milner bailed out City . Ashley Young , another substitute , scored for the second consecutive game to add to first-half strikes for Danny Welbeck and Adnan Januzaj at Old Trafford . United overtook idle Tottenham for seventh . Newly promoted Cardiff stayed above the relegation zone but it may not be enough to prevent manager Malky Mackay from being dismissed by owner Vincent Tan . Tan -- in attendance at Anfield -- is reportedly dismayed by the amount of money Mackay spent on players in the off-season and wanted the former Scotland defender to resign . "  I wo n't be walking away , " Mackay told BT Sport . "  That 's the first thing . I 'm proud to be the manager of Cardiff City . " Elsewhere , Newcastle blanked Crystal Palace 3-0 to maintain its push for a Champions League berth ; Stoke overcame the disappointment of losing to United in the League Cup quarterfinals by toppling Aston Villa 2-1 ; and West Bromwich Albion drew Hull 1-1 in its first match since the sacking of Steve Clarke . Ten-man Sunderland , which upset Chelsea in the League Cup , earned a point but stayed last after a 0-0 draw against Norwich .	Luis Suarez scores two goals and sets up the other as Liverpool beats Cardiff 3-1 Suarez has 19 league goals this season despite missing six matches due to a ban The Uruguayan signed a new four-and-a-half year contract with the Reds on Friday Manchester City and Manchester United also record comfortable victories
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Superman and Batman fans will have to wait another two years before the two superheroes meet on the big screen . Warner Bros. . Pictures decided to delay the release of the so-far untitled movie until May 6 , 2016 , to give "  filmmakers time to realize fully their vision , given the complex visual nature of the story , " the studio said Friday . The Zack Snyder-directed production had been scheduled for release on July 17 , 2015 . "  We know that there is already great anticipation building for the next super hero film from Zack Snyder , and we are equally eager to see what he has in store for Superman and Batman as they share the big screen for the first time ever , " said Veronika Kwan Vandenberg , president of Warner Bros. . Pictures ' international distribution . Henry Cavill will reprise his Superman/Clark Kent role , while Ben Affleck will step into the Batman/Bruce Wayne character . Amy Adams , Laurence Fishburne and Diane Lane will also be in the film , with Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman/Diana Prince . It may not be much consolation to those fans , but Warner Bros. also announced that a new Peter Pan adventure film will take the July 17 , 2015 , release slot vacated by Superman and Batman . "  Peter Pan has delighted people of every generation for more than a century , so we are thrilled to bring him back to the screen next summer for today 's moviegoers , " said Dan Fellman , president of Warner Bros. . Pictures ' domestic distribution .	Filmmakers need more time to "  realize fully their vision , " studio says The Zack Snyder-directed production had been scheduled for release on July 17 , 2015 . A Peter Pan film takes the release slot vacated by Superman and Batman Henry Cavill will reprise his Superman role , while Ben Affleck becomes Batman
CNN  -- The coach of four-time major winner Ernie Els has urged golf 's governing bodies to come to a quick decision on the proposed banning of anchored putting . Golf 's rulemakers Royal & Ancient  R & A  and the United States Golf Association  USGA  , which governs the game in the U.S. and Mexico , announced in November they intend to ban the method of putting by which a club is anchored to a part of the body by 2016 . The decision has been backed by the European Tour , but Tim Finchem , commissioner of the lucrative U.S.-based PGA Tour , opposes the rule change which would essentially outlaw the controversial "  belly putter " . Els is one of a clutch of recent major winners who favor using the belly putter -- three of the last five majors have been won by a player using the technique . Els ' coach Claude Harmon III has called for a solution to be found soon in order to protect the integrity of the game . "  They have to make a decision quickly , " Harmon told CNN 's Living Golf . "  Brandt Snedeker , who 's easily the best putter on the planet , got up and said to Tim , ` You 've got to make a decision now . "  If we let this thing continue for three or four more years the guys that are still using the long putter are still going to be winning golf tournaments and then do we put a asterisk , is there a stigma attached to that . "  The longer this keeps going and they still ca n't find a decision , a guy like Keegan Bradley , does he practice and waste time away from his game to try and do something or does he just continue to do what he is really good at ? " Bradley and fellow American Webb Simpson both used the anchored putting technique to win the PGA Championship in 2011 and 2012 respectively . Harmon joined Finchem in questioning whether the method offered players an advantage over more conventional putting techniques . "  None of the best putters in the world use a belly putter and I know from talking to guys like Ernie , like Keegan Bradley and Webb Simpson , I think they do feel a little bit that there 's a target on their back , " added Harmon . "  I think it is going to be very hard to quantify with data an advantage that a belly putter gives players . "  The PGA Tour and the European Tour and golf at a professional level is a sport absolutely , but it is also a business . "  For me what Tim Finchem is trying to do is say to the governing bodies , this is just my opinion , that if you 're going to make decisions that affect the professional game you have to involve the professional game . " Former world No. 1 Martin Kaymer , who uses a traditional putter , also wants to see the issue put to bed . "  I 'm a little tired of it , " 2010 PGA championship winner Kaymer told CNN . "  Everybody should make a decision and we move on . All the speculation now is a little bit too much . "  The PGA Tour , the R & A , the European Tour , they should sit down and make a decision together . " Kevin Garside , of British newspaper The Independent , suggests the reintroduction of golf at the 2016 Olympic Games means anchored putting will be banned , despite U.S. resistance . "  I think it 's clear where this is going , " said Garside . "  You ca n't get this far and then say , ` OK , as you were . ' The putter is going to be banned . "  The Olympic Games is coming up , you ca n't have an anchored putter at the Olympic Games . It 's as simple as that . " According to Bob Harig of ESPN.com , the PGA Tour will have to back down in order to avoid a division within the sport . "  You ca n't have different rules , " Harig said . "  They 're going to have to fall in line with whatever the USGA and R & A do . "  It would be chaotic if the PGA Tour wrote their own rule on this , which they 've never done . It would be a major departure . "	Ernie Els ' coach calls for a decision on anchored putting PGA Tour spoke out against a ban on the technique , which could be outlawed Claude Harmon III says a delay on the decision could damage integrity of golf Els , Keegan Bradley and Webb Simpson have all won recent majors using belly putter
CNN  -- "  Syndicate " tries to remake a '90s title into a modern-day , first-person shooter and as far as gameplay mechanics go , it succeeds . But , visually , the game falls so short that it ends up being far from an enjoyable experience . The new game from Starbreeze Studios and Electronic Arts is a reboot of a 1993 title that was more of a tactical shooter and strategy game than a first-person shooter . This version drops you into a future where corporations , not countries , control the world , and most of Earth 's population has been implanted with chips in their brains . Players act as techno-agents -- with super-charged chips designed to make them incredible warriors This DART-6 chip technology is implanted in the brain of your character , Miles Kilo . Kilo is tasked with sniffing out corporate espionage and dealing with it -- permanently . The DART-6 makes Kilo more powerful and so fast that the world around him appears to be moving slower . He also gets additional enhancements early in the game that unleash three different powerful attacks -- suicide , backfire and persuade . Each of these abilities allows Kilo to tap into an enemy 's chip and force them to do something against their will . The "  suicide " ability causes a brain chip to explode , possibly injuring surrounding people . "  Backfire " shorts out an opponent 's weapon temporarily and makes them vulnerable to damage . And "  persuade " gets enemies to switch sides and help out Kilo , before blowing their own brains out . Kilo also gets upgrades by stealing important chips from other people 's skulls . The technique is rather disturbing , as the technology is removed through the ear or eye . It 's done after the people are already dead , so at least there 's that . These upgrades add to Kilo 's health and recharge his power , shields and other skills and tools you 'll need to complete your missions . From a shooter perspective , the action is solid with a wide range of weapons to collect and use . From a simple pistol to the powerful chain gun with infinite ammo , each weapon causes unique , and sometimes very visceral , damage . The chain gun literally cuts enemies in half . If you do n't have a strong stomach , do n't examine the bodies too closely . The enemies are numerous , so players will get plenty of practice with their weapons and abilities . Some strategy is needed in most scenarios , but on more than one occasion , the bad guys just kept coming down a hallway without any personal regard while I continued to mow them down . The boss battles were lengthy and difficult , requiring quite a bit of dodging , restocking and flat-out hiding . Kilo seems extraordinarily fragile for all his offensive firepower , so you will die often . Civilians are n't immune to all the bullets flying around , but from a game-play perspective , it was hard to determine whether I should care . There 's no morality system that punishes or rewards player actions . I tried not to play like a psychopath , but the lines between good and bad get blurred on the way to the game 's conclusion . And speaking of blurred ... The visual elements of "  Syndicate " are , by far its most troubling . Yes , it is supposed to be a far-flung future , reminiscent of "  Deus Ex " or even "  Tron . " But the way it 's rendered was visually painful . Lens flare and extreme lighting made the game hard to enjoy . Even after adjusting the gamma and blackness controls , transitions from scene to scene often resulted in blinding brightness or darkness so intense that , when I turned away , I could n't make out individual items on a desk . I spent more time in the video options menu than worrying about what skills I wanted to upgrade . Glitchy animation did n't help the visual experience , either . Onscreen characters would develop a case of the shakes that made it look like they were going through techno-DTs . On more than one occasion , enemy soldiers would appear to go down , only to spontaneously reappear shooting in the same location . Detail in the environments was impressive , but most of it was just for show . Walls and barriers would show bullet marks but not take any real damage . The multiplayer mode teams up two to four players on fairly typical missions . Cooperation is vital as the enemies appears single-minded in their desire to destroy you . It does n't detract from the overall game , but it is important to get with people who know what they are doing . Those "  solo " team members are just going to get themselves -- and you -- killed . Overall , "  Syndicate " has solid , fun combat that requires creativity to overcome . But that 's hampered by its visual style and glitchiness . If you can get past that , do n't treat it as a reboot of the game you may have liked in the '90s . Treat it as something new , and you 'll probably enjoy it more . "  Syndicate " is available now in North America and February 24 in Europe on Windows PC , PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 . It is rated M for Mature because of blood and gore , intense violence , strong language and suggestive themes . This review was done using a review copy for the Xbox 360 .	` Syndicate ' is a reboot from a 1993 tactical shooter and strategy game The DART-6 chip adds to health , recharging , shields and other benefits to complete missions Enemies are numerous , so players will get plenty of practice with weapons
CNN  -- Leroy Fer 's second half header and a late strike from Memphis Depay fired the Netherlands to a third consecutive World Cup win following a hard-fought 2-0 victory against Chile . The Dutch , which tops Group B with maximum points , had already qualified for the next stage along with its South American opponents . Fer 's 77th minute effort gave Louis van Gaal 's side the lead before Depay rounded off a late counter attack to seal the win . Chile 's first defeat of the tournament condemned Jorge Sampaoli 's side into second place . Both teams will find out their fate on Monday night with Brazil , Mexico and Croatia fighting it out to qualify from Group A . After a forgettable first half , it was the Dutch which found its rhythm with the impressive Arjen Robben causing Chile all sorts of problems . But it was the introduction of substitutes Fer and Depay which made the difference . Fer had only been on the pitch for two minutes when he sent a thumping header past Claudio Bravo in the Chile goal after meeting Darryl Janmaat 's fine free kick . And Depay , who became his country 's youngest ever goalscorer at a World Cup during last week 's 3-2 win over Australia , netted his second after great work by Robben . "  It was a very good game to watch , " Robben said in a television interview following the game . "  There was a lot of passion on the pitch , we defended really well , I am proud of the way the team defended . "  I think we did a great job and this is not where we want to stop . It is a fantastic result and a fantastic performance and we do n't want it to end here . "  We need to change our mindset as we want to move forward . " The Dutch , which lost out to Spain in the final four years ago , will play its second round game in Fortaleza on Sunday June 29 . Chile , which reached the last 16 in 1998 and 2010 , will play its next game on Saturday 28th June in Belo Horizonte . "  I think that this was a match that we expected , with the Netherlands trying to use lots of people on the counter attack , " Chile coach Jorge Sampaoli told reporters . "  We looked for victory , we wanted to win and we could n't find a solution to a team that only defended and only aspired to long-range shots , not even counterattacks . "  This is a Chile that I am proud to be at the helm of , in spite of the fact that we did n't get a result . The courage of the group , they have their heads held high and they are getting ready for the round of 16 . " Australia 0-3 Spain In the group 's other game , David Villa brought down the curtain on his international career by firing Spain to its first victory of the World Cup . The reigning champion , which was knocked out of the tournament after losing its opening two games against Netherlands and Chile , defeated Australia in Curitiba . Villa , making his 97th appearance for his country , scored his 59th goal just before halftime to ensure Spain avoided a humiliating whitewash . The 32-year-old was in tears after being taken off after 57 minutes of the contest and watched on from the bench as Fernando Torres added a second . Juan Mata fired home a third with eight minutes remaining to seal the win . Australia , which lost all three games in the tournament , finishes bottom of the group , three points behind Spain .	Netherlands claims 2-0 victory over Chile Leroy Fer and Memphis Depay goals means Dutch wins Group B Chile qualifies in second place Spain defeats Australia 3-0 in other game
CNN  -- Insurance agent David Conn received a postcard recently in his Hudson , Ohio , post office box : "  Greetings from Montana . " This postcard was mailed in 1962 and arrived -- perhaps not for the first time -- at its destination in 2009 . The card said Fran and Polly were enjoying their cross-country train ride and had fed deer somewhere along the way . That was all nice , and a little curious for several reasons : One , Conn did n't know anyone named Fran or Polly ; two , the card was addressed to a different name at his P.O. box ; and three , it had been mailed in 1962 . "  This card looks like somebody just bought it at the drugstore , " Conn told CNN . "  It 's not even yellowed . It looks spankin ' new . " The card was addressed to Marion White , who was editor of Hudson 's North Summit Times newspaper and once held the post office box Conn now uses . She later served for more than 20 years on the Hudson Village Council . She died in 1988 . A few days after receiving the card , Conn talked to White 's relatives and others , who told him the sender had to be Fran Murphey . Murphey was an iconic Akron Beacon Journal reporter who lived her whole life in the same house near Hudson . She died in 1998 . Murphey 's life was an eccentric mixture of the mundane and the extraordinary . In her 55 years with the Beacon Journal , she became a local celebrity . She was well-known for , among other things , her preference for bib overalls , her love of travel , her sometimes salty language , her expertise on outhouses and her vast collection of postcards -- a quarter of a million of them , according to her niece Barbara Joy Godar . "  She was definitely one of a kind , " said Godar , 73 , of Akron . "  She was a corker . " Murphey 's dispatch from Montana chronicled a trip she took with friend and colleague Polly Paffilas , who died in 2005 . It bore a 3-cent stamp , the postcard rate in 1962 , and was hand-canceled twice on July 5 , 1962 , with a Smokey Bear indicia at the Helena , Montana , post office . Mail sometimes falls behind machinery or is left in a discarded mail bag and languishes for years at a time , but there 's no telling where Murphey 's card spent the past 47 years , said Mark Saunders , a spokesman for the U.S. Postal Service in Washington . Victor Dubina , a postal service spokesman for northern and central Ohio , declined to surmise what happened to Murphey 's card . "  Anything I 'd guess would be sheer speculation , " he said . "  Over the course of the years we 've seen little things like this pop up , and it 's never the same . " It 's unlikely the card was lost in the mail since 1962 , two antiques dealers said Wednesday . A penciled notation near the stamp indicates the card was sold for $ 1 at booth " # 32 " in an antique shop somewhere , said Howard Diefenbach , who owns an antique shop in Bay City , Michigan , and Grant Winchell , who sells postcards through Diefenbach 's shop . "  It 's common practice for most dealers make a mark in pencil on a card to indicate the price and which booth it 's from , " Diefenbach said . Dealers make the mark in pencil so the buyer can erase it without compromising the value of the card , said Winchell , who happens to hold booth number 32 in the shop but does n't claim any relationship to Murphey 's card . The $ 1 price would be appropriate for that type of card in today 's market , he added . Conn is n't sure what he 'll do with the card . He may frame it and hang it on his wall . He 's also considering donating it to Hudson 's historical society or giving it to the Beacon Journal to display . Whatever route the card took , it makes for an interesting artifact , Dubina said . "  This is a lost art , " he said . "  Anymore , you either send an e-mail or send a tweet : ` I 'm on the edge of the Grand Canyon . ' See the postcards that iReporters treasure " "  Bless Fran 's heart , she wrote postcards . We just do n't see that much of it anymore , " Dubina said . "  Thirty years from now , 40 years from now , who 's going to say , ` Ooh , I just got an e-mail from Victor ' ? ` How did I get it ? What happened ? ' " It 's something special for loved ones , too , Saunders added . "  That piece of tangible postcard , that ` Greetings from Montana , ' that 's almost a piece of that individual that extends beyond their life , " Saunders said . Murphey built her postcard collection in part by mailing cards to friends while traveling and then asking for them back when she returned , Conn said . "  I can just picture her finally getting back from her trip , saying , ` OK , hey , Marion , where 's that card I sent you from Montana ? ' and -LSB- White -RSB- said , ' I never got that card from Montana , ' and -LSB- Murphey -RSB- was probably thinking , ` That 's part of my collection ! Where 's the card ? ' " Conn said . "  And here it is 47 years later , and it appears . " In her lengthy 1998 obituary in the Beacon Journal , colleagues recounted having to wait in the hallway outside Murphey 's hospice room while she made phone calls for one final story . "  When she gets to heaven , I would n't be surprised if Fran finds some way to send news from the beyond , " former Beacon Journal books editor Betsy Lammerding said in the obituary . Looks like she found a way .	Missive from Montana mailed in 1962 arrives at destination in 2009 Ohio recipient determines sender was popular newspaper writer Mark on card indicates it was recently sold , antiques dealers say Late correspondent collected quarter of a million cards , niece says
CNN  -- A photo of a listening device in a room where attorneys met with terror detainees at Guantanamo Bay caused a stir this month , but a senior military official says it is a relic from the days when interrogations occurred in the facility . A military judge hearing the case against the September 11 , 2001 , terror mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others ordered the photo released earlier this month . The device baffled defense lawyers who speak with their Guantanamo clients in the room where the device , which looks like a smoke detector , was hanging . One of the top military lawyers for the Gitmo detention facility said he looked into the matter and found no one was listening in on privileged conversations , The Miami Herald reported . A top U.S. commander , who oversees the detention camp and U.S. military operations in the base in southeast Cuba , confirmed the device is not being used to listen into attorney-client conversations . But a video camera in the units watches the conversations . "  Years ago , that particular facility was used for another purpose , and that purpose required not only audio devices , but visual devices , " Gen. John Kelly , commander of the U.S. southern command , told a Senate panel . "  It was not used for attorney-client rooms . The mission down there has morphed over time , so the room that they were using for attorney-client discussions still had equipment . But that equipment was not energized , it was not used and I can tell you that without question , we have not violated their rights by listening in , " Kelly said Wednesday . He said the audio portions of the devices were removed this week , but the video part of the mechanism will remain . "  Some of these men , arguably are dangerous , " Kelly said in response to a question of why the video cameras would remain . "  And although you would think that their defense attorneys would be safe , I have a responsibility to protect the defense attorneys , as well , as I do the ICRC  International Committee of the Red Cross  that visits and the 5,700 non-DOD people that have visited Guantanamo since the beginning , " he said . "  They were n't listened to . Yes , the video devices will remain -- temporarily , at least , and the attorneys will understand that , " he told the Senate panel inquiring about the devices .	The device baffled defense lawyers at Guantanamo Military lawyer says no one was listening to privileged conversations A top U.S. commander says the device is used to watch what happens , but not listen
CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has canceled this week 's scheduled meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama , Israeli government officials said Monday . The two leaders were slated to meet Tuesday during a visit by Netanyahu to Washington . Netanyahu also decided to cut short a visit to Canada and return to Israel , according to an e-mail statement from his media adviser . Netanyahu 's cancellation of the meeting came in the wake of international condemnation of Israel after Israeli soldiers stormed a flotilla of ships carrying aid intended for Palestinians in Gaza , leaving at least nine people dead in the resulting violence . Israel claimed it was defending itself , with the Israel Defense Forces saying the soldiers ' lives were in danger after they were attacked with "  severe physical violence , including live fire , weapons , knives and clubs . " Several nations , however , have condemned the military action and called for an investigation . Q&A on Israel 's Gaza blockade Obama spoke on the phone with Netanyahu Monday morning , according to a statement from the White House press office . He "  said he understood the prime minister 's decision to return immediately to Israel to deal with today 's events ...  and  agreed to reschedule their meeting at the first opportunity . " Obama "  expressed deep regret at the loss of life in today 's incident , and concern for the wounded , " the statement noted . He "  also expressed the importance of learning all the facts and circumstances around this morning 's tragic events as soon as possible . " Netanyahu and Obama were set to discuss , among other things , the recently completed U.N. conference on the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , according to an earlier statement from the Israeli government . The final document released by participants in the month-long conference , which ended Friday , called for a 2012 conference of all Middle Eastern states to move forward on a 1995 proposal for a nuclear-free Mideast . The document also called on Israel to sign the treaty and place "  all its nuclear facilities under comprehensive IAEA -LSB- International Atomic Energy Agency -RSB- safeguards . " Israel is not a member of the NPT and has neither confirmed nor denied that it has a nuclear weapons stockpile . The Israeli government said in a statement the conference 's document is "  deeply flawed and hypocritical " and said it "  ignores the realities of the Middle East and the real threats facing the region and the entire world . " The statement also complained that Israel is singled out in the document and Iran , which is a signatory to the NPT , is not mentioned . The United States signed onto the document , but Obama National Security Adviser Gen. James Jones said the U.S. government has "  serious reservations . "	NEW : Obama spoke by phone with Netanyahu , saying he understands the decision to cancel the meeting Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu was to meet Tuesday with U.S. president Meeting canceled amid controversy over flotilla of ships carrying aid for Palestinians in Gaza Netanyahu and Obama were to discuss recent U.N. nuclear conference
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- The Philippines government has increased security in the southern region of Maguindanao after gunmen kidnapped and killed at least 22 people , according to military officials and the country 's national news agency . Some of the bodies were beheaded , according to Filipino media . The details suggest the daytime abductions were politically motivated , and the military said the gunmen were loyal to the province 's incumbent governor . Those killed include a gubernatorial candidate 's wife and one of his sisters , according to two of his family members who spoke on local television . The death toll also included at least 12 journalists , according to Reporters Without Borders , a media freedom organization . Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu wanted to run for governor of Maguindanao province in May but had received threats he would be kidnapped if he filed the candidate nomination papers himself . He sent his wife and sisters to file the papers , thinking "  that women would have some protection , " journalist Maria Ressa told CNN . "  It was supposed to be a media event , " Ressa said , " -LSB- to -RSB- let the public know that this politician would run for governor . " Army officials said 100 gunmen surrounded the group of about 40 people -- many local journalists and women among them -- and ordered them out of their vehicles . They took the hostages to a mountainous region , officials said . Some of the women were raped and tortured , according to media reports . The military confirmed finding 22 bodies , some of them reportedly beheaded . "  Never in the history of journalism have the news media suffered such a heavy loss of life in one day , " Reporters Without Borders said of the 12 journalists reported dead . The military has said the gunmen are loyal to Maguindanao Gov. Andal Ampatuan , who has held control of the area for the past decade and is a longtime ally of President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo . Neither Ampatuan nor his advisers have commented on the allegation . Maguindanao is a province in Mindanao , a Muslim autonomous region out of the control of the central government . The Philippines government said it increased security in the region after the attacks . Jesus Dureza , an adviser to Macapagal-Arroyo , called the slayings "  a gruesome massacre of civilians unequaled in recent history . " Dureza , Macapagal-Arroyo 's adviser on Mindanao affairs , has asked the government to place Maguindanao province under a state of emergency . Elections in the Philippines have long been marred by violence , but Monday 's abductions and killings shocked the nation . Macapagal-Arroyo condemned the killings and ordered more Filipino troops to the region to bolster security , according to the Philippines News Agency . She also ordered the Armed Forces of the Philippines "  to conduct immediate and relentless pursuit of the perpetrators -LSB- and -RSB- to secure the affected areas , " the agency reported . Military checkpoints are being set up as part of the security effort , state media reported . Aid agencies operating in the region have long complained about a climate of fear in the region , where the government has little control and private armies operate freely . Reporters Without Borders said it has been outspoken in criticizing "  the culture of impunity and violence in the Philippines , especially Mindanao . " "  This time , the frenzied violence of thugs working for corrupt politicians has resulted in an incomprehensible bloodbath , " the organization said . "  We call for a strong reaction from the local and national authorities . " Journalist Maria Ressa contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll rises ; dead include at least 12 journalists Governor candidate 's wife , sister among those killed , family members say Watchdog organization blames "  frenzied violence of thugs " for deaths Kidnappings occurred in Philippines ' Maguindanao province
CNN  -- The old met the new . At one end of the court , the young man nicknamed "  Baby Federer " -- at the other was one of the all-time tennis greats , albeit one who is battling to show that he 's not a spent force . One of them has 77 career titles , but only one this year , while the other -- a former top-ranked junior -- won his first on the ATP Tour last weekend . And after losing the first two games , despite a vociferous home backing , it certainly looked like Roger Federer might be headed for another disappointing defeat . But the Swiss legend battled back to show why he is the holder of a record 17 grand slam titles as he denied Grigor Dimitrov -- 10 years younger at 22 -- a famous victory in Basel . Federer , now ranked a comparatively lowly sixth by his high standards , eventually triumphed 6-3 7-6  7-2  against the Bulgarian as he also came from behind in the second set to force the tie-break . "  It was very important to win in two sets , " said Federer , who notched his 50th win in his home city event -- a feat he had previously managed only in the four majors . "  There were a lot of free gifts out there in some games . When I saved three set points I just told myself to play one point at a time and hope to get there . "  I broke him and that made it difficult for him . I was able to come through well in the tiebreaker . It always feels good to win at home . " If Federer can next beat Canada 's Vasek Pospisil in the semifinals of the Swiss Indoor s event and then win it for a record-extending sixth time , he will qualify for the ATP World Tour Finals in London with one tournament to spare -- next week 's Paris Masters . See the similarities between Federer and Dimitrov That there has been doubt Federer might not participate in next month 's season-ender -- a tournament he has won six times since 2003 -- is a measure of how much he has struggled this year . If 2012 was his return to the top , a year in which he won Wimbledon a record-equaling seventh time , regained the No. 1 ranking and broke the milestone for most weeks at the summit , then 2013 has been a major comedown . After reaching the semifinals at January 's Australian Open , he lost in the quarters at Roland Garros , the second round at Wimbledon and in the last 16 in New York . Injuries and experiments with new rackets have taken the edge off his once invincible aura , giving players like Dimitrov real hope that they can claim a never-to-be-forgotten scalp . But not this time . Federer will next face a 23-year-old ranked 40th in the world , with a 17-16 record this year . But Pospisil is showing a return to the form that helped him beat world No. 6 Tomas Berdych in Montreal in August , reaching his third ATP Tour semifinal this season with a 7-6  11-9  6-4 win over Croatia 's Ivan Dodig . Saturday 's other semi will be between defending champion Juan Martin del Potro , who beat Federer in last year 's final , and Frenchman Edouard Roger-Vasselin . Del Potro , who has already qualified for one of the eight places in London , became just the sixth Argentine to register 300 career wins as he defeated qualifier Henri-Paul Mathieu 6-4 6-4 . The world No. 5 , who now has a record of 300-120 , is seeking his fourth title this year . Meanwhile , world No. 3 David Ferrer continued the defense of his Valencia Open title by reaching the semifinals with a 6-4 4-6 6-0 win over Polish fifth seed Jerzy Janowicz . The Spaniard will next play compatriot Nicolas Almagro , while Russians Mikhail Youzhny and Dmitry Tursunov will contest the other semi .	Roger Federer reaches semifinals of his home Swiss Indoors tournament Former world No. 1 defeats Grigor Dimitrov , once hailed as his future successor Federer will qualify for ATP World Tour Finals if he wins title for sixth time Juan Martin del Potro , who beat him in last year 's Swiss final , also advances
CNN  -- Three Americans rescued last week from captivity in the Colombian jungle left a medical center for their homes Saturday , hoping for some time out of the spotlight as they reconnect with loved ones . Left to right , Thomas Howes , Keith Stansell and Marc Gonsalves address reporters before flying home Saturday . Keith Stansell , Marc Gonsalves and Thomas Howes -- hostages of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia for more than five years -- left the Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas . "  There 's family members that are waiting for us , and just imagine if you had n't seen your family in 5 1/2 years , " Stansell said , asking the media to allow the former captives some space . "  Let us go home and be family men again . " "  We 're going to come out and we 're going to talk , but right now , what we want to do is rest , " Gonsalves said . All three were headed home to Florida , and Stansell and Howes flashed their new Florida driver 's licenses before they boarded a plane . The three men had been undergoing a reintegration process at the medical center . FARC had held the three U.S. government contractors since February 2003 after their plane went down in a remote region of the South American country . They and former Colombian presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt were among 15 hostages rescued on July 2 in a Colombian military operation . The three Americans arrived at Brooke Army Medical Center later that day . The three Americans urged the media not to forget the hundreds of other hostages still held by FARC . "  Do n't forget the people that are still there , " Stansell said . "  There are fellow hostages that are still there . Some have 10 years -LSB- as a hostage -RSB- , " he said . "  Right this minute , they 're in chains , looking for food , and they 're on the run . And their families have n't seen them in 10 years . " It is estimated that FARC holds some 750 hostages . The leftist rebel group took up arms in 1964 and grew from a rag-tag band of 48 fighters to a self-styled "  people 's army " of more than 21,000 combatants in 2001 , according to Colombian government figures . The government now estimates the FARC fighting force has dwindled to around 8,000 after a wave of desertions . On Saturday , the rescued Americans talked of looking forward to spending time with their relatives . "  We 're going to go home now . We 're going to rest , we 're going to unwind for about a month and a half , " Gonsalves said .	Ex-FARC hostages leave Texas medical center 10 days after rescue Freed men ask for privacy , saying they want to spend time with relatives Men ask media to not forget about hostages who still held in Colombia
CNN  -- Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has completed his 46 million euros  $ 65m  transfer to Barcelona from Inter Milan on a five-year contract , with Samuel Eto'o and Alexander Hleb moving to the San Siro as part of the deal . Ibrahimovic displays his new Barcleona shirt after completing his transfer from Inter Milan . Ibrahimovic completed his medical on Monday and the deal was finalized despite scans showing the striker has a fractured bone in his left hand . "  It 's a very big move for me and too good to turn down , " Ibrahimovic told a news conference at the Nou Camp following his signing . "  There comes a time when you want to develop more and my desire to come to Barcelona was too big to stay at Inter . " And Ibrahimovic revealed that Inter president Massimo Moratti had given him permission to leave several months ago should an offer from Barca arrive . "  Moratti helped me in every way , he did everything for me and my family . I said to Moratti a few months ago : ` Nobody can get me , only one club can get me and that 's Barcelona ' , and he told me : ` if you want it like that you will get it like that ' . So all my respect , because it is not easy to sell a player that means so much to the team , " he added . The 27-year-old hopes to emulate Eto'o , who was a prolific scorer during his time with the European champions . "  I 'm not coming here to be Samuel Eto'o , I 'm somebody else , somebody new , but I will try to achieve as much as Eto'o , or even more , " he added . Barca president Joan Laporta hailed the Swede 's arrival . "  He is not a conformist , he is ambitious , a winner , an authentic man with strong feelings and he wanted to come to Barcelona , " he said . "  Coach Pep Guardiola said that Zlatan was the ideal player for us , so we are really happy to have him here . " Wearing the number nine shirt formerly held by Eto'o , Ibrahimovic later received a rapturous welcome before tens of thousands of fans at the Nou Camp . Meanwhile , a statement on Inter 's official Web site welcomed Eto'o 's arrival at the club and revealed the 28-year-old will be presented before the media on Tuesday . "  Everyone at FC Internazionale and all the fans warmly welcome Samuel Eto'o to the club , and are proud to have him in the team , convinced that new and important triumphs will be reached together . " After completing his medical on Monday , Eto'o said he was looking forward to establishing himself as a force in Serie A after five prolific seasons with Barca . "  I made history at Barcelona , but that history is finished now , " he told reporters . "  A new story begins at Inter ; I 'm starting from scratch ; I want a new adventure and I hope everything goes well . "  I ca n't but wish Ibrahimovic good luck . I have won a lot at Barcelona and now I hope to do the same with these colors , if not , more . "  I promise the fans that I will work every day , as I have always done , " added Eto'o -- who scored 39 goals in 49 appearances for the European champions last term . "  This is at the base of everything . I believe in my work and the group . I do n't have to say that what I want to do is score even more goals ; I know I 'm capable of scoring goals and I know that through my work I will score even more . " Meanwhile , former Arsenal midfielder Hleb will join Inter on a season-long loan deal . The Belorussian had shown some reluctance to agree to the deal , but it may end in a permanent move -- with Inter having an option to buy the player for 10million  $ 14m  euros after his loan deal expires next summer .	Inter striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has completed his $ 65m move to Barcelona Swede Ibrahimovic has signed five-year contract with the European champions Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o moves to the San Siro as part of the transfer
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- In Hong Kong , where the alert level has been raised to "  emergency " after reporting its first case of swine flu , authorities are trying to keep the H1N1 virus from spreading through the metropolis of 7 million people through quarantine , stepped-up border measures and surveillance . Quarantined guests and hotel employees wave through the glass of the main entrance of Hong Kong 's Metro Park Hotel . The quarantine has extended beyond the single confirmed case , a 25-year-old Mexican man , to include more than 340 people . They include : two taxi drivers , two fellow taxi passengers , a local friend , 36 passengers within a three-row vicinity of the patient aboard a China Eastern flight from Shanghai to Hong Kong , and 300 guests and staff at the Metropark Hotel he checked into . All have been put on the antiviral drug , Tamiflu . Among the two cab drivers , one was suspected of taking the patient from the airport to the hotel , and another was believed to have taken him from the hotel to the hospital . Authorities are seeing another 40 to 50 guests whose names are on the hotel 's guest list . Some of them left their luggage behind . "  They are gambling with their health , jeopardizing public health safety , " said Dr. York Chow , secretary for Food and Health , appealing to the guests to come forward . In addition to the Metropark Hotel in Wanchai district , the Lady Maclehose Holiday Village is being used as an isolation center during the one-week quarantines . The government has assured that people under quarantine will have their visas automatically extended , their hotel lodging fees waived and their onward journeys prepared . The Wanchai hotel is providing guests $ 200 worth of free overseas telephone calls daily . The isolation order , which went into effect Friday night , is to expire Friday at 8:30 p.m.  8:30 a.m. ET  -- the length of an incubation period for swine flu . The isolation order did not extend to the air crew or remaining passengers aboard the China Eastern flight . An airplane 's air exchange rate is high compared to that in an office or hotel , explained Yuen Kwok-yung , chair of infectious diseases at the University of Hong Kong . "  Risk is very low on a plane , " he said . So far , there have been no further confirmed cases of swine flu , and no Hong Kong pigs have tested positive for the virus , Yuen said .	More than 340 people quarantined in Hong Kong following single case of H1N1 Those isolated due to remain in quarantine until Friday Confined persons include 36 travelers in three-row vicinity of sick man aboard flight
Yeongpyeong Island , South Korea  CNN  -- It is easy to dismiss North Korea 's threats against South Korea as bluster , unless you 're on this island , within sight of North Korean waters . The residents of Yeongpyeong Island , like any other South Koreans , do their best to make ends meet , in their case mostly by fishing and trapping crabs . But they live in the shadow of a belligerent North Korea , a mere four miles away . Angered by tougher U.N. sanctions and joint military exercises by the United States and South Korea , Pyongyang has issued a range of bombastic threats in recent weeks . The slew of fiery rhetoric from Pyongyang has included threats of pre-emptive nuclear strikes against the United States and South Korea , as well as the declaration that the armistice that stopped the Korean War in 1953 is no longer valid . Those who live here worry about the poor weather that is dampening this year 's fishing season ; they also fear that their homes could be shelled . It 's happened before . North Korea shelled Yeongpyeong Island in November 2010 , killing two South Korean marines and two civilians . There was no warning . Shells just rained down on the small island , causing widespread panic and destruction . The memories of the attack are still fresh . A few of the destroyed houses have been preserved as a reminder that visitors can see . There are scorched walls , some of them pockmarked with shrapnel and broken glass . Family rooms that were burned out have been left empty . It 's a memorial to those who lost their lives , but also a reminder of the danger that North Korea poses to the South , and this community in particular . "  It 's been almost three years , and I remember how my heart sank when I witnessed the attacks . Now we are hearing more threats , and I am having this feeling in my chest all over again , " said Kang In-Gu , a Yeongpyeong resident . The fear was made worse by recent images of North Korea 's leader , Kim Jong Un , being feted by the same artillery units that carried out the strike . Their attack is portrayed as a military victory that could be repeated , adding to pressure on South Korea to respond with tough action next time . "  If the North were to carry out another provocation like in 2010 , I personally hope that my government will respond very strongly . By doing this , the North will not see South Korea as an easy target but as a strong country instead , " Kang said . Yeongpyeong Island is a two-hour ferry trip from the South Korean mainland , but the sentiment among residents is that they will not flee . This is the only home they know , another resident said . Also , evacuating can be costly to the majority working-class residents . A mix of economics and loyalty keeps them here . In fact , many residents wo n't talk on the record to reporters , for fear of further upsetting the island 's popularity among tourists . Most observers say North Korea is still years away from having the technology to deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile , but it does have plenty of conventional military firepower , including medium-range ballistic missiles that can carry high explosives for hundreds of miles . The heightened tensions on the Korean Peninsula came after the North carried out a long-range rocket launch in December and an underground nuclear test last month , prompting the U.N. Security Council to step up sanctions on the secretive government . Nowhere are those tensions felt stronger than on this island . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Tensions between North Korea and the South have risen recently It is particularly felt on Yeongpyeong Island , South Korea The island is a stone 's throw from North Korea and was attacked three years ago Residents try to live their lives as best they can
Washington  CNN  -- Will an anti-incumbent wave return Republicans to power in the House and Senate , or can Democrats engineer a late rush to hold on to their congressional majorities ? The 2010 mid-term elections comes down to campaign basics in the final nine days until vote-counting begins . For now , the two parties agree that Republicans will win more seats than they currently hold , but they differ sharply on how many and whether a major power shift will occur . Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " program that an unprecedented GOP wave would win control of both chambers as well as state legislatures in a broad condemnation of President Barack Obama and Democratic policies . "  The voters are tired of the fact that the federal government has not listened to them over the past two years , has moved in its own direction , at its own rhythm and they want to pull back on that , " Steele said . "  And I think you 're going to see a wave , an unprecedented wave on election day that 's going to surprise a lot of people . " His Democratic counterpart , former Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine , pointed to strengthening poll numbers for his party 's candidates as a sign that the Democratic base was getting energized . "  From this point forward , it 's all about turnout and ground game , and we 're seeing good early voting trends , " said Kaine , the Democratic National Committee chairman , when asked on the ABC program "  This Week " if Democrats can hold their majorities . "  We 've got work to do , but we think we can do it . " While Kaine said the House remains uncertain , he sounded much more confident about the Senate . "  Four or five months ago , the Republicans thought they had a great chance at taking both houses , " Kaine said . "  For a variety of reasons , the Senate has gotten much more difficult for them . And again , we 're seeing this week strong moves in polling for our Senate candidates " in several states . One of those reasons is inexperienced , conservative ideologues backed by the Tea Party movement who defeated mainstream Republicans in primary elections and now trail Democratic foes as the November 2 vote approaches . The Delaware race is a prime example . Christine O'Donnell 's primary win over nine-term Republican Rep. Mike Castle made a Senate seat once considered likely Republican now an apparent Democratic victory for previously little-known Chris Coons . O'Donnell 's campaign became a national joke over a long-ago comment that she once "  dabbled in witchcraft " and other missteps . It also exposed a rift within the political right between the mainstream Republican establishment , which criticized O'Donnell and other Tea Party backed candidates , and the more conservative Tea Party movement . With the election approaching , Republicans put on a united front Sunday , with GOP strategist Karl Rove -- one of O'Donnell 's harshest critics -- calling the Tea Party movement "  patriotic " and "  incredibly positive . " While noting that Tea Party backers "  are not people who are skilled in the ways of Washington , " Rove told the CBS program "  Face the Nation " he welcomed the movement as a "  wholesome development " that would greatly increase Republican turnout in a mid-term election . Rove predicted Republicans will win well over 50 House seats to easily grab majority control of the chamber , and that a GOP Senate majority also was possible . On the same program , Democratic Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland predicted a different outcome , due to voter distrust of what he called special interest money going for anonymous donations to groups running attack ads against Democratic candidates . The issue hammered by Democrats including Obama in recent weeks was proving resonant , Van Hollen said . "  I 'm confident the Democrats are going to retain their majority because the American people are connecting the dots between these tens of millions of dollars of secret special interest money , " he said , later adding : "  The early voting states are showing good news for the Democrats . " Both Rove and Steele said election disclosure laws should be changed , but added that the anonymous donations to groups running political ads complied with current law . Rove added that Democrats including Obama benefited from similar anonymous campaign funding in the past .	Nine days before the vote , both sides predict success Rove calls Tea Party movement "  wholesome " and "  positive " Kaine says Democratic poll numbers are trending up
CNN  -- Conservative critics have launched an attack on CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley , who moderated Tuesday 's second presidential debate , after she corrected former Gov. Mitt Romney 's claim that President Barack Obama did not refer to the consulate attack in Benghazi as an "  act of terror . " CNN Fact Check : A day after Libya attack , Obama described it as ` acts of terror ' Obama said in the debate that on September 12 , he called the attack in Libya that killed four Americans , including U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens , an "  act of terror . " Romney , however , disputed the claim , and said the president had not called it an "  act of terror " for 14 days . Crowley correctly stated that Obama had used the term "  act of terror " during remarks at The White House the day after the attack . Romney was mistaken . In an editorial on Wednesday titled "  Candy 's not dandy , " The New York Post -- owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. , parent company of Fox News Channel -- repeated accusations against Crowley first leveled by Romney surrogate John Sununu on CNN 's Early Start on Wednesday morning . "  The president was caught lying last night , and I think the world should know that , " Sununu told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien . Sununu contended that Obama 's comments were in reference to "  the original 9/11 event " and not the Libya attack . However , the transcripts of the debate and also the president 's Rose Garden address , as well as subsequent comments , show that , in fact , Crowley was correct . Here was the entire exchange from the transcript of the debate : CROWLEY : Because we 're -- we 're closing in , I want to still get a lot of people in . I want to ask you something , Mr. President , and then have the governor just quickly . Your secretary of state , as I 'm sure you know , has said that she takes full responsibility for the attack on the diplomatic mission in Benghazi . Does the buck stop with your secretary of state as far as what went on here ? OBAMA : Secretary Clinton has done an extraordinary job . But she works for me . I 'm the president and I 'm always responsible , and that 's why nobody 's more interested in finding out exactly what happened than I do . The day after the attack , governor , I stood in the Rose Garden and I told the American people and the world that we are going to find out exactly what happened . That this was an act of terror and I also said that we 're going to hunt down those who committed this crime . And then a few days later , I was there greeting the caskets coming into Andrews Air Force Base and grieving with the families . And the suggestion that anybody in my team , whether the secretary of state , our U.N. ambassador , anybody on my team would play politics or mislead when we 've lost four of our own , governor , is offensive . That 's not what we do . That 's not what I do as president , that 's not what I do as commander in chief . CROWLEY : Governor , if you want to ... ROMNEY : Yes , I -- I. . . CROWLEY : ... quickly to this please . ROMNEY : I -- I think interesting the president just said something which -- which is that on the day after the attack he went into the Rose Garden and said that this was an act of terror . OBAMA : That 's what I said . ROMNEY : You said in the Rose Garden the day after the attack , it was an act of terror . It was not a spontaneous demonstration , is that what you 're saying ? OBAMA : Please proceed governor . ROMNEY : I want to make sure we get that for the record because it took the president 14 days before he called the attack in Benghazi an act of terror . OBAMA : Get the transcript . CROWLEY : It -- it -- it -- he did in fact , sir . So let me -- let me call it an act of terror ... OBAMA : Can you say that a little louder , Candy ? CROWLEY : He -- he did call it an act of terror . It did as well take -- it did as well take two weeks or so for the whole idea there being a riot out there about this tape to come out . You are correct about that . ROMNEY : This -- the administration -- the administration indicated this was a reaction to a video and was a spontaneous reaction . CROWLEY : It did . ROMNEY : It took them a long time to say this was a terrorist act by a terrorist group . And to suggest -- am I incorrect in that regard , on Sunday , the -- your secretary -- OBAMA : Candy ? ROMNEY : Excuse me . The ambassador of the United Nations went on the Sunday television shows and spoke about how -- OBAMA : Candy , I 'm -- ROMNEY : -- this was a spontaneous -- CROWLEY : Mr. President , let me -- OBAMA : I 'm happy to have a longer conversation -- CROWLEY : I know you -- OBAMA : -- about foreign policy . CROWLEY : Absolutely . But I want to -- I want to move you on and also -- OBAMA : OK . I 'm happy to do that , too . CROWLEY : -- the transcripts and -- OBAMA : I just want to make sure that -- CROWLEY : -- figure out what we -- OBAMA : -- all of these wonderful folks are going to have a chance to get some of their questions answered ... And here is the transcript from Obama 's Rose Garden remarks on September 12 , the day after the attack : "  Our country is only as strong as the character of our people and the service of those both civilian and military who represent us around the globe , " he said . "  No acts of terror will ever shake the resolve of this great nation , alter that character , or eclipse the light of the values that we stand for . Today we mourn four more Americans who represent the very best of the United States of America . We will not waver in our commitment to see that justice is done for this terrible act . And make no mistake , justice will be done . " Obama repeated the "  acts of terror " line during a campaign event in Las Vegas on September 13 : "  No act of terror will dim the light of the values that we proudly shine on the rest of the world , and no act of violence will shake the resolve of the United States of America . " Timeline : What the Obama administration has said about the Libya attack In the debate , Crowley , who is anchor of CNN 's "  State of the Union with Candy Crowley , " also said that Romney was correct to say that it took the administration some time to say conclusively and with one voice that the attack was not the spontaneous outgrowth of a protest against an anti-Islam film . CROWLEY : He -- he did call it an act of terror . It did as well take -- it did as well take two weeks or so for the whole idea there being a riot out there about this tape to come out . You are correct about that . On September 16 , Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said , "  We do not have information at present that leads us to conclude that this was premeditated or preplanned . " On September 19 , Matthew Olsen , director of the National Counterterrorism Center , told the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee that the ambassador and three other Americans "  were killed in the course of a terrorist attack on our embassy . " But , as to the original accusation from the conservative critics that Obama never mentioned "  acts of terror " until weeks after the attack , they were wrong . Crowley was right . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks CNN wire staff contributed to this report .	CNN 's Candy Crowley was moderator of the second presidential debate Tuesday Conservative critics attacked Crowley for correcting Mitt Romney 's claim that President Barack Obama did not refer to the Benghazi attack as an "  act of terror " A review of the transcripts show that Crowley was , in fact , right
Palo Alto , California  CNN  -- Early morning in a soon-to-be sun-baked cactus garden in Palo Alto , California ; as most life yawns into movement , one creature is already darting between the bright red cactus flowers in a blur of electric speed . A three-inch-long Hummingbird hovers -- bristling among cactus spines , drinking nectar -- before breaking backwards , rising effortlessly over a gust of wind , and diving down out of sight . For the Stanford University students covertly watching , each move is executed quicker than a blinking eye . But when they take their high-speed video camera back to the lab and slow down their footage to a snail 's pace , the bird 's blurred motion becomes clear and the researchers get the information they came for : elusive clues to the secret of the hummingbird 's flight . Natural inspiration Miniature flying robots have come a long way in the last few years , now mastering incredible athletic feats . But when it comes to dealing with the unpredictable world around them , our best man-made flying machines still have a long way to go to match nature 's impressive creations . And that 's why , to create new flying robots that work in the world outside the lab , these pioneering researchers are looking to birds . "  I study how birds fly and I use it as an inspiration for developing new robots , " says David Lentink , assistant professor of mechanical engineering at Stanford University . "  Small micro air vehicles that can fly close to buildings or in cluttered environments or through turbulence , they actually encounter the exact same problems that birds have encountered for millions of years and solved , " he adds . How to fly To build the next generation of micro air vehicles , Lentink aims to understand how a bird powers its agile maneuvers , and why a pair of flapping wings gives a bird the power to ease through turbulent skies . But the team is currently being held back by our lack of crucial knowledge . "  We know very little , " says Eirik Ravnan , a graduate student in Stanford 's Lentink Lab . "  We do n't know how much force they generate at what part of the wing stroke . We ca n't explain all of the forces they are generating and we do n't know how they move their wings exactly -- so this is something we are starting to look at now . " The video of a hummingbird that Lentink 's team captured in the garden was filmed at more than 2,000 frames per second , allowing it to be played back in highly detailed super slow motion . At this speed , some remarkable secrets of the bird 's flight were revealed . They observed the hummingbird hovering , reversing and diving , and documented its unique "  insect-like " wing action  at 42 flaps a second  . They have also seen the tiny 3-gram bird shake its body like a dog  for reasons that are still unknown  and detailed its tactic for facing down a wayward gust of wind . "  We have this one shot of a bird -- it does n't actually do a full flap downwards -- it does half a flap and then goes back up , " explains Ashley Fletcher , another graduate student in the Lab . "  It is things like that that help stabilize it in the air and help it move really nimbly . " Watch : Flying robots ' aerial acrobatics It 's not just cameras that are revealing the secrets of bird flight . Ravnan has been training a miniature parrot  called a parrotlet  to fly between perches . Laser systems monitor the flow of the air behind the bird -- showing a pair of swirling vortices behind the wings -- which could provide more clues to how the bird manages to be nimble as well as robust . Building a ` robobird ' The team is putting this knowledge into practice by developing micro air vehicles powered by flapping wings . Graduate student Amanda Stowers is working on a prototype that can morph its wings while flying -- and she 's confident she can get it to rival the hummingbird 's 42 flaps per second . Built from carbon fiber and mylar , the device weighs just over 20 grams and by folding its wings it can reduce its wingspan from 44 cm to about 16 cm . The aim is to build "  a more maneuverable flapping-wing air vehicle , able to fly through gaps smaller than its wing span without breaking itself , " Stowers explains . The team admits it could take decades to produce a robot capable of equaling the subtleties of a real bird 's swoops and dives . But for Lentink , learning more about bird flight inspires admiration of the "  extraordinary " creatures . "  A bird  is such a complicated machine , " he says . "  If you look at the amount of processing power in its brain , its actuation capabilities -- just all the muscles -- and the capabilities birds have to change the shape of their bodies , it is something that will take many years , tens of years , maybe 20 years to get something like that into a robot . "	Researchers studying bird flight to help build better flying robots Ultra slow motion footage reveals secrets of hummingbird flight Stanford University developing a robot that can fold its wings while flying Will take decades to fully mimic birds ' complex flight , researchers say
CNN  -- A lab crucial to diagnosing cases of drug-resistant tuberculosis at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has reopened , according to the CDC . The Atlanta lab was closed several weeks ago after reports of multiple improprieties -- including transporting dangerous materials in Ziploc bags and sending a live sample of bird flu to a low-security lab -- prompted CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden to instruct his highest-security labs to stop transferring out biological materials . The TB lab resumed operations after an "  intensive review " by the CDC 's new internal laboratory safety working group . The group has implemented detailed safety procedures for TB inactivation , according to a CDC statement . This lab was not involved in the recent anthrax - and deadly flu-exposure incidents . The transfer moratorium remains in place for other high-security labs , known as BSL-3 and BSL-4 . The lab mishaps continue to have broad impact , compromising care for patients with diseases such as chikungunya and potentially slowing work overseas on Ebola and MERS . Laboratories around the world can no longer depend on the CDC to help them diagnose these unusual diseases , said Michael Shaw , deputy director of the CDC 's Office of Infectious Diseases . The CDC is one of only three public health labs in the United States that does quick testing on drug-resistant tuberculosis specimens to see which antibiotic might work the best . The CDC is still turning away about 100 samples per week that need to be checked for chikungunya , a mosquito-borne disease that 's risen to record levels in Puerto Rico , the U.S. Virgin Islands and other parts of the Caribbean , according to Shaw . Doctors in the area have been sending specimens to the CDC to help diagnose the disease , which often has the same symptoms as dengue fever or malaria . Without answers , doctors on the ground will have difficulty knowing how to treat their patients and whether they need to isolate them from others , Shaw said . The CDC has also stopped a mosquito surveillance program in Gulf Coast states aimed at detecting whether infected bugs are bringing the disease to the continental United States . State labs in the United States also rely on materials from the CDC to test substances such as white powders that are suspicious for bioterrorism . The labs have enough materials to last awhile but at some point will run out . Internationally , labs working on the Ebola crisis in Africa and on Middle East Respiratory Syndrome might see their work slowed down because of the CDC lab situation . Those labs depend on materials from the CDC to do their work . Shaw said they also currently have enough but might run out soon . The 22 CDC labs under the moratorium are in Atlanta ; Anchorage , Alaska ; San Juan , Puerto Rico ; and Fort Collins , Colorado . The moratorium will be removed lab by lab as each one can prove it can operate safely again , Shaw said . "  We should n't and we wo n't be doing this work unless we can do it in a safe way , " he added . "  As soon as each lab can document that policies and procedures and validated protocols are in place , they can resume transporting materials . " CDC lab director resigns after anthrax incident USDA finds more CDC lab problems Anthrax investigation turns up ` distressing ' issues at CDC	NEW : CDC lifts moratorium on high-security lab responsible for TB diagnosis Improprieties led CDC director to instruct labs to stop transferring biological materials Ban meant other labs could no longer get the CDC 's help
CNN  -- Four police officers and a suspect were shot in a raid for firearms and narcotics early Thursday in central New Jersey , a local prosecutor 's office said . The officers from the Lakewood Police Department 's tactical unit were shot upon entering the property and returned fire , hitting suspect Jamie Gonzalez , said Ocean County Deputy Chief Prosecutor Michael Mohel . Gonzalez , 39 , received multiple gunshot wounds and is in critical but stable condition , Mohel said . One officer was shot in the face and is being treated at an undisclosed hospital , the deputy chief prosecutor said . He 's in serious but stable condition . Another officer was shot in the foot and is in stable condition . The other two officers sustained injuries after receiving gunshots to their bulletproof vests , Mohel said . Their names were not disclosed . The warrant for firearms and narcotics was served at 2:25 a.m. ET in conjunction with federal , state and local authorities . Lakewood is about 70 miles south of New York City . In July , another shootout in New Jersey left one police officer dead . Jersey City police officer Marc DiNardo died after being shot in the face in a raid . He was one of five officers injured in the shootout , and the two suspects involved were killed . CNN 's Vanessa Juarez contributed to this report .	Police officers shot in raid for firearms and narcotics in Lakewood , New Jersey Suspect also wounded after officers return fire , official says Lakewood is about 70 miles south of New York
Washington  CNN  -- Miami police have engaged in a pattern of excessive use of force through officer-involved shootings , the Justice Department said on Tuesday . The Justice Department conducted a comprehensive investigation and found that officers intentionally shot at people on 33 separate occasions from 2008 until 2011 and the police department concluded three of those instances were unjustified . The Justice Department said a number of additional shootings were "  questionable at best . " The findings also noted that seven officers participated in more than a third of the shootings in question . The Justice Department also concluded the police department did not conduct timely investigations of such shootings . In addition , the findings said the police had "  deficient tactics " and that improper actions had been taken by specialized police units . The review started in November 2011 after seven young African-American men were fatally shot by officers over eight months . Community leaders appealed to the federal government to take action . Roy Austin , the deputy assistant attorney general for civil rights , said there had been a similar investigation of the Miami Police Department a decade ago . Officials thought improvements had been made and closed the case without obtaining a court-supervised agreement . Austin said the Justice Department this time plans to get a plan that would fall under judicial oversight . "  Miami has to reform deadly force and has to do it for a sustainable period of time so we do n't have to come back in a decade , " said Austin . The civil rights investigation looked only at patterns within the police department and did not address whether specific officers should face criminal charges .	Justice Department review looked at shootings involving police Officials conclude police intentionally opened fire 33 times from 2008-11 NEW : Shooting of African-American men in Miami prompted review NEW : Justice Department will want judge to oversee any agreement with police department
CNN  -- Earlier this week , al Qaeda issued the seventh issue of Inspire , a glossy English-language online magazine that emerged as a mouthpiece for the preaching of now-dead American-Yemeni terrorist cleric Anwar al-Awlaki . The message the magazine emphasized most was that supporters of al Qaeda in the West should take matters into their own hands and launch attacks themselves . A dedicated section provided them practical advice with how to carry out such attacks in the West . It was a publication that caused great concern to counterterrorism officials on both sides of the Atlantic . Distributed widely on jihadist websites , forums , and blogs , not only did the magazine attract a following in the United States and the United Kingdom , but also in several European countries like Germany . But it is possible that the seventh issue will be its last , with news that Samir Khan , its American Saudi-born editor , was also killed in the airstrike targeting al-Awlaki . Drone strike killed senior al-Qaeda cleric Khan left North Carolina for Yemen in October 2009 , according to U.S. officials , and had become radicalized while previously living in the Queens area of New York City . Even while living in the United States , Khan had attracted significant attention for publishing a blog sympathetic to al Qaeda . The loss of al-Awlaki and Khan is likely to significantly curtail al Qaeda 's English-language propaganda output , one of the factors , according to U.S. counterterrorism officials , behind increased radicalization in the United States in recent years . "  They 're presenting a message in English which automatically increases the accessibility to an American audience , " Mitch Silber , the New York Police Department 's director of intelligence analysis told CNN in an interview in 2010 . Al Qaeda still has one highly visible English-language propagandist : Oregon-born convert Adam Gadahn , who over the past half decade has recorded many tapes in and around the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region , where he is still believed to be operating . Gadahn , like al-Awlaki , has urged Western supporters to launch attacks on behalf of al Qaeda in the West . For example in an al Qaeda video released in June titled "  You are Only Responsible for Yourself , " Gadahn said it is easy for American al Qaeda sympathizers to go to a gun show and purchase an automatic assault rifle without having to submit to a background check . Also , Adnan Shukrijumah , a Saudi-born American who left for jihad a decade ago , is believed to have taken on a senior role for al Qaeda , allegedly helping to orchestrate a plot to bomb New York subways in September 2009 . But he has yet to appear in any al Qaeda videotapes or other propaganda output . Time will tell if al Qaeda decide to push Shukrijumah into a more visible role . But Gadahn and Shukrijumah have nothing like al-Awlaki 's religious knowledge or following in militant Islamist circles in the West . Before al-Awlaki joined forces with al Qaeda in Yemen about three years ago , he built up a large mainstream following in the United States and the United Kingdom because of his charisma and his ability to transmit religious teaching in a vernacular young Muslims could understand . When he preached in mosques and meeting halls in Britain on visits from Yemen in the early to middle 2000s , there was often standing room only , according to those present , and he reached a much bigger audience worldwide by recording his sermons onto DVDs and making them available on the Internet . In smaller gatherings in Britain during this period , al-Awlaki 's message could be much more radical . "  Behind closed doors I was told he conducted study groups which justified suicide bombing , for example , against the West -- justified suicide bombings against civilians , " Usama Hasan , a British imam , told CNN 's Nic Robertson in 2009 . Hasan , at whose mosque in east London al-Awlaki once preached in 2002 , recalled that that al-Awlaki at the time did not explicitly preach a message of violence , but his anti-American message and charisma were dangerous because they left congregations "  all revved up , not knowing what to do . " More than any other factor , it was al-Awlaki 's popularity in mainstream Muslim circles before he joined forces with al Qaeda that made him such a dangerous voice for the group in the past two years , a young British Muslim who has seen his impact firsthand told CNN . His previous popularity allowed him to play the role of a "  spiritual sanctioner " for Western radicals deliberating whether to launch attacks , for example for alleged Fort Hood shooter Maj. Nidal Hasan , who exchanged Internet message with him . A recent case in the United Kingdom perhaps best illustrated the power of al-Awlaki 's message . Roshonara Choudhry , a British-Bangladeshi woman jailed for life last November for attempting in May 2010 to stab to death a British member of Parliament for supporting the Iraq war , was radicalized by watching more than a hundred hours of al-Awlaki 's Internet sermons during a short time frame . "  I started to get really into it and I listened to everything ... like all of his recorded lectures that he made . ... Everybody listens to him and likes him anyway , " she told police hours after her arrest . "  He explains things really comprehensively and in an interesting way , so I thought I could learn a lot from him . " Several others convicted of plotting terrorist attacks in the West were followers of al-Awlaki . They include several of those convicted for plotting to blow up trans-Atlantic airliners leaving from London 's Heathrow Airport in 2006 and several of those convicted of plotting to attack the Fort Dix military base in New Jersey in 2007 . At least one member of Najibullah Zazi 's New York group who plotted to attack subways in the city in September 2009 regularly listened to al-Awlaki lectures , according to court documents . Mohamed Osman Mohamud , a Somali-American charged with attempting to blow up a Christmas tree lighting ceremony in Portland in November 2010 appears to have been such a fan of al-Awlaki that he sent an article he hoped would be published by Inspire magazine , according to the complaint in his case . Mohamud has pleaded not guilty . Antonio Martinez , a Muslim convert who allegedly plotted to bomb a military recruiting station near Baltimore in December 2010 , was recorded by undercover agents describing al-Awlaki as his "  beloved sheikh . "  Martinez has pleaded not guilty . While American and British radicals respected , admired , and were inspired by bin Laden , recent cases have made clear that many of them loved and listened to al-Awlaki even more . In the medium term , his removal from the scene will make Western countries safer . As well as being an inspirational figure to Western Islamist radicals , al-Awlaki was the key driver of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's ambitions to launch attacks against the United States , playing a key operational role in orchestrating plots and recruiting Western operatives who could help carry them out . But in the short term , counterterrorism officials on both sides of the Atlantic will be worried that his followers will carry out a revenge attack , as he taught them , in his name .	Al-Awlaki and Samir Khan were two important English-language voices for al Qaeda Al-Awlaki built up a large following in the United States and the United Kingdom Many who carried out or attempted various attacks have connections to him At least one highly visible English-language propagandist remains : Adam Gadahn
CNN  -- Jonathan Walton was walking through Bishop Eddie Long 's church one day when he saw something that disturbed him . He stared at a 30-foot banner draped behind the pulpit of New Birth Missionary Baptist . Church . It displayed a profile of a grinning Long with the caption : "  What is God up to ? " "  Everywhere you went in that church , his name and face was there , " says Walton , an assistant professor of religion at Harvard Divinity School in Massachusetts . "  His image has replaced the cross . " Long 's image is now under assault . Four young men have filed civil lawsuits accusing him of abusing his spiritual authority to coerce them into sexual relationships , allegations he has denied in a statement issued by his attorney . While most people focus on the men 's allegations , few have paid attention to how Long acquired and maintains his authority at New Birth , which has an estimated 25,000 members . Long and New Birth are virtually synonymous . The 57-year-old pastor has built a devoted following at his church in Lithonia , Georgia , by preaching the prosperity gospel , making savvy business decisions and through public displays of generosity . But Long has also talked about ridding his congregation of its deacon board during his early years , and by consistently telling his congregation that he speaks for God . Long 's controversial megachurch ` mentor ' Long 's leadership style at New Birth follows a similar pattern at many megachurches  congregations of 2,000 and above  . Pastors can acquire so much unchecked power that members are afraid to challenge them , says Scott Thumma , co-author of "  Beyond Megachurch Myths : What We Can Learn from America 's Largest Churches . " If members of such a megachurch dare to bring any accusations against a minister , they are often greeted with hostility by the congregation , says Thumma , a religion professor at the Hartford Institute for Religion Research in Connecticut . "  If somebody comes and brings an accusation against the pastor , people ask , ` Who are we going to trust ? The person I do n't know or the person I 've been giving 10 percent of my income to for the last eight years ? ' " Thumma wrote his dissertation on an Atlanta megachurch near New Birth that collapsed after its pastor was caught in a sex scandal that involved his brother 's wife and many other women . That pastor , Earl Paulk , was a "  quasi-mentor " to Long , Thumma says . They appeared in public together . Read more stories about faith on CNN 'S Belief Blog Sarah Posner , author of "  God 's Profits : Faith , Fraud and the Republican Crusade for Values Voters , " says Long considered Paulk his "  spiritual mentor . " Thumma says the problems at Paulk 's church festered for years because Paulk convinced his congregation that questioning him would be seen as an act of rebellion . Paulk 's church , Chapel Hill Harvester Church , once had at least 15,000 members who worshipped in a soaring cathedral . The church was forced to sell the cathedral after its pastor 's scandal became public . Paulk died in 2009 . "  That church was a sick place and even I did n't know it until after two years of studying it , " Thumma says . ` He is finished ' Some church scholars wonder if New Birth will suffer the same fate . On Sunday , New Birth appeared to throw its support behind Long . New Birth members leapt to their feet to cheer Long as he vowed to fight the allegations . Long took to the stage with his wife , Vanessa , and compared himself to David fighting Goliath . "  I 've got five rocks , and I have n't thrown one yet , " Long said . Long during his church appearance did not address the specific allegations contained in the four lawsuits filed against him . Long , in a statement read on a syndicated radio show Thursday , denied the allegations . "  Let me be clear : The charges against me and New Birth are false , " the statement said . "  I have devoted my life to helping others and these false allegations hurt me deeply , but my faith is strong and the truth will emerge . " Shayne Lee , a sociology professor at Tulane University in Louisiana , says Long had to unequivocally deny the allegations from the pulpit to maintain New Birth 's support . "  His ministry is over , " says Lee , author of "  Holy Mavericks : Evangelical Innovators and the Spiritual Marketplace , " which looks at the appeal of celebrity preachers . Lee has written extensively about how big business has shaped megachurch pastors . "  What I saw was more lamb than lion , " Lee says . "  I did n't see the truculent , masculine preacher . There should have been some pent up sense of outrage . " Long 's demise will take place over time , but it is inevitable , Lee says . Read details about the suits "  I have seen many pastors survive scandals where it was a woman , " he says . "  But it 's unprecedented for a leading black evangelical of his reputation to survive the taint of same-sex charges . " How Long took charge at New Birth Long 's ascension at New Birth did n't seem likely at first . When he started as a pastor , he was so nervous before preaching that he often threw up . He started with 300 members . When Long arrived at New Birth , he had to consult with a deacon and trustee board . Long wrote in his book , "  Taking Over , " that New Birth 's deacon board was "  gripping the purse strings " of the church , and "  telling the man of God when to jump and how high . " After the church grew , Long told the congregation that he received a revelation from God that New Birth 's governing structure was "  ungodly , " he recounted in "  Taking Over . " Long said the board relinquished its authority over him with his congregation 's approval . "  That was the day I became pastor , " Long wrote in "  Taking Over . " "  Up until that time , I was the hired preacher . " As time went on , Long also embraced a more charismatic approach to ministry  charismatics encourage Christians to develop "  gifts of the Holy Spirit , " such as speaking in tongues  . The minister 's job was n't just to preach , Long once said in a profile in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . "  A pastor is called to minister to God , " he said . "  Then God ministers back to him the word , and he comes before the people to tell them what God said . " It is not unusual for pastors to portray themselves as vessels of God 's revelations . Long also , in time , became something else to some of his parishioners : "  God 's anointed , " says Lee , the Tulane University professor . When outsiders would question Long 's leadership , New Birth members would often cite Psalms 105 , verse 15 : "  Touch not my anointed ones , and do my prophets no harm . " Lee says some charismatic leaders invoke Psalms 105 to discourage criticism . "  It 's a great scripture to try to keep people from questioning their leader and keep them in line , " Lee says . "  But there 's another scripture in Matthew 7 : ` By their fruits ye shall know them . ' " Walton , the Harvard professor who saw the giant banner of Long behind the pulpit , says Long 's stature at New Birth as God 's anointed inspires fierce devotion . "  People come to believe that to turn on him is to not be committed to God , " Walton says . Walton asks Long : Did you or did n't you ? Marketing a megachurch There are business reasons , though , for some megachurch pastors to consolidate authority in a church , says Thumma , the megachurch scholar . "  It 's much easier to market a personality than it is to market a church , " says Thumma . Many megachurches are financially dependent on the appeal of a solitary pastor , Thumma says . The pastor 's sermons , television broadcasts , books and tapes -- all bring in the crowds . As the pastor grows in popularity , though , he loses accountability , Thumma says . He or she becomes a celebrity . "  What ends up happening is the authority structure goes from having a church with a board of elders who consult and fight over power with the senior pastors to one where the pastor has selected people on the board who are more or less yes people , " Thumma says . Retaining the loyalty of a congregation , though , is another challenge for a megachurch pastor like Long , says the Rev. Gerald Durley , senior pastor of Providence Missionary Church in Atlanta . He says Long can retain New Birth 's support if he appears transparent before his congregation in the days ahead . "  What people want to see is a certain sense of humility , a certain ` I 'm back under the will of God and he has appointed me to lead if you trust me . ' At that point , he can pick and go on and do what God has called him to do . " But if Long does n't seem sincere , he will suffer , Durley says . "  If he 's perceived as manipulative , " Durley says , "  he 's finished . "	Bishop Eddie Long ascension at New Birth raises questions about megachurch culture Some New Birth members consider Long "  anointed " Megachurch culture creates potential for abuse , scholar says Religious sociologist on Long : "  His ministry is over "
CNN  -- Apparently , conquering those smarmy , snickering pigs on your phone , laptop or other mobile device is n't enough . Now , the "  Angry Birds " may be migrating to your television . Mikael Hed is CEO of Rovio Mobile , the Finland-based company that created the ridiculously popular mobile game -- in which players solve physics puzzles by flinging an armada of irritated avians at structures housing the porcine adversaries who stole their eggs . According to C21media.net -LSB- subscription required -RSB- , a British television-industry site , he said plans are under way for an animated series . "  We have been looking at that for quite a while , and that is definitely one of my personal big focus areas right now -- to work on broadcast content for ` Angry Birds , ' " he told the site . The addictive game has spent time as the number-one paid iPhone app in at least 60 countries . Launched originally on Apple 's iOS operating system , "  Angry Birds " expanded rapidly in 2010 and is now available on multiple platforms including Android , PC and Symbian and traditional gaming consoles . An animated series would be a logical next step for the game , which has been a leader in a recent surge of casual games that have appealed to non-traditional gaming audiences . Well beyond app-store success ,	CEO says plans are under way for an "  Angry Birds " animated series Rovio chief Mikael Hed calls a show based on the game a "  personal big focus area "
It 's an iconic piece of video . For more than three minutes , a mob of enraged men toss Moammar Gadhafi around like a broken mannequin . His body and face bloody , his black bushy hair a crazy mess , the 69-year-old Libyan leader is pummeled . His shirt is ripped open to reveal a pudgy belly . The cell phone camera then focuses on a gulf of red spreading across Gadhafi 's backside as someone stabs him in the rear with a bayonet . Later , a young man holds a golden pistol triumphantly in the air as he 's cheered by the mob in Sirte , Libya . It did n't take long before the video was uploaded to the Internet , where the world watched the violent end to Libya 's eight-month uprising in 2011 -- and to Gadhafi 's life . To critics of the long-ruling dictator , it appeared to be a fitting conclusion . But human rights investigators now say there 's much more to what happened on October 20 last year than rebels acting in the heat of the moment . Human Rights Watch says the militiamen who ravaged Gadhafi also captured , tortured and killed dozens of his loyalists following his death , violating international war crimes laws . That assertion is laid out in a 50-page report released by HRW this week . The rights group based its findings on witness accounts and amateur videos shot with cell phones . In its report , HRW lambastes Libya 's current transitional government , saying it has taken no serious steps in investigating or prosecuting anti-Gadhafi militias . It also says its findings do not match Libya 's assertion that Gadhafi was killed in the crossfire , and not after his capture . HRW called on Libya 's leaders to honor their pledge formally and investigate Gadhafi 's death . CNN has reached out to Libyan authorities for comment on the Human Rights Watch report , but has not received a response . If Libya is going to truly rid itself of violence and extremists -- a timely demand considering last month 's fatal U.S. consulate attack -- justice , the group believes , must be meted out on all sides . Gadhafi and crew run In February 2011 , protesters took to the streets in Libya demanding peacefully that Gadhafi step down . His 42 years of hardline rule had to end , they said . A man who rarely embraced reality , Gadhafi retorted , "  All my people ... love me . " As rallies continued , Gadhafi responded by ordering his forces to fire into the crowds . The movement descended into a violent uprising that dragged on for months . By March , the opposition gained a foothold in the city of Benghazi . In response , Gadhafi 's forces closed in on the city . At the United Nations , the Security Council passed a resolution imposing a no-fly zone over Libya and authorized the use of "  all necessary measures " -- except an occupation -- to protect civilians from the violence raging in their country . In August , as Tripoli looked ever more fragile , Gadhafi , his crew and his sons jumped into cars and sped off in various directions . Khamis Gadhafi , active in his father 's regime , was killed in a NATO airstrike as he tried to skip town . Another son , Saif al-Islam , managed to make his way to the Misrata suburb of Bani Walid , surrounded by desert . Al-Islam later told Human Rights Watch that a NATO airstrike had left him mildly wounded . He was captured in November near Libya 's border . National security adviser Mutassim Gadhafi , another son , made it safely to Sirte , his father 's hometown . That 's also where the dictator and his crew headed . Senior security adviser Mansour Dhao was in tow , he told Human Rights Watch , as well as Gadhafi 's personal guard , driver and a bunch of other bodyguards . Libya 's intelligence chief was there , but only briefly , because he was dispatched hundreds of miles to the south of Sirte . His job ? He had to tell Khamis ' mother that her son was dead . From luxury to squatting For some time , Gadhafi and his inner circle stayed in the middle of the city . But as the fighting intensified , they began moving from empty house to empty house , eating the food left in the cupboards , Dhao said . The homes they sought shelter in had already been looted . As the weeks wore on , food was sparse . The medicine they had was running out . It was getting tougher to find water . This group , who once dined in luxury , was subsisting on pasta and rice . "  Living  was  very hard ... we did n't even have bread , " Dhao recounted . Gadhafi spent most of his time reading the Quran and praying . "  His communications with the world was cut off ... no television , nothing , " Dhao said . "  No news . Maybe we could use the  satellite phone  and get some news from al-Rai , Russia Today , BBC or France 24 . I mean ,  we  could call people who watch those channels . "  We had no duties , " he said . "  We were just between sleeping and being awake . " The militias hunting Gadhafi were getting closer . And the dictator was getting moodier . "  He was  becoming more and more angry , " Dhao said . "  Mostly he was angry about the lack of electricity , communications , and television , his inability to communicate with the outside world . " The men would sit with Gadhafi and try to calm him down . "  Why is there no electricity ? " he screamed at them . "  Why is there no water ? " A doomed escape By mid-October , Mutassim , one of the two surviving sons , decided enough was enough . He told the group in Sirte to meet at an ad-hoc clinic . They were going to try to escape . The plan was to break out around 3:30 or 4 a.m. . But it took until about 8 a.m. to load the supplies and the men who were wounded . By that time , anti-Gadhafi militia fighters had returned to their fighting positions . Odds were stacked against the convoy , not least of all because it was unwieldy , including some 250 people . When it set out , it came under heavy attack . It swerved and snaked onto dirt roads . A missile struck so close to the convoy that airbags in some of the vehicles inflated , Dhao said . Disoriented and out of options , Gadhafi 's men drove right into a militia base . As NATO jets flew overhead , the vehicles were trapped . Munitions inside the convoy were triggered by the firepower all around . Explosions shook Gadhafi 's crew from the convoy and they ran for their lives . Younis Abu Bakr Younis , the son of Gadhafi 's defense minister , was among several who ran to a villa and took cover . When he got there , he saw Gadhafi hiding , wearing a helmet and bulletproof vest . The dictator had a handgun in his pocket and was carrying an automatic weapon , Younis and another witness told Human Rights Watch . Shots picked away at the concrete . Mutassim Gadhafi was injured but he still called the shots . He ordered the men to make a run for it , and motioned toward a drainage pipe near a main road several hundred feet away . Mutassim turned to his father . "  I will try and find you a way out of here , " he promised . Once they made it to the pipe , fighters ran toward the group . Gadhafi 's guard threw a grenade at them . It bounced off the concrete and back at them . The mob descends Shrapnel sliced Gadhafi . Dhao saw that the leader 's head was bleeding . But he was more concerned with his father , who was also with the group . He 'd fallen to the ground . "  I ran towards my father , but he did n't answer when I asked him if he was okay , " Dhao told Human Rights Watch . Younis , the son of Gadhafi 's defense minister , was fatally injured . A guard was dead . Exposed , the group was overrun by militia fighters . The 3-minute , 38-second cell phone clip that seems to show the last moments of Moammar Gadhafi 's life is choppy . Whoever was filming moves the camera around dizzily in the chaos . But the audio is clear . The mob shouts "  Allahu Akbar ! " or "  God is the greatest ! " They chant "  Misrata , " the name of the town where hatred of Gadhafi burned most intensely during the uprising , primarily because his army had shelled it nonstop for two months in the spring . To understand precisely what shelling means here , imagine the kind of Fourth of July firework that shoots up to the sky in a single rocket and then bursts into a thousand pieces in the sky . If you were on the ground in Misrata , it was like that , only in reverse , a thousand tiny death pellets careening in all directions at speeds impossible to run from . Scores of innocent people were killed there , and even if they survived the shelling , there was n't much hope . It was next to impossible to get medical aid , food and other supplies there . It was the militias of Misrata that brutalized Gadhafi loyalists the worst , the rights group says . The group also alleges it has evidence that indicates opposition militias took Mutassim from Sirte to Misrata and killed him , and it has cell phone video taken by opposition fighters showing captured convoy members being abused , the group said in its report . Human Rights Watch matched morgue pictures with video of men executed together in a hotel . HRW had investigators inside Libya the day Gadhafi died . The team documented more than 100 bodies and wrote in the Wednesday report that the bodies lingered for a while but were later buried by volunteers . The rights group alleges that no Libyan investigators have attempted to document how many people died , who killed them and how . The problem , Human Rights Watch says , is twofold . First , those militias from Misrata are still quite active . Today , they are preventing about 30,000 people from returning to their homes in the area , for example . Second , the country 's transitional government perceives them as undermining governmental authority , the rights group said . Suspicion -- rather than order and forgiveness -- continues to grip Libya , the rights group suggests , and justice is being ignored .	Human Rights Watch : Libya should investigate rebels who killed Gadhafi forces Witness in Gadhafi inner circle describes dictator on the run , eating food in empty houses Trying to escape , the leader 's guards threw grenades but one bounced back and exploded A mob descended on Gadhafi October 20 , but it 's still unclear how he died , HRW says
San Diego  CNN  -- A federal judge on Wednesday rejected a motion by lawyers for Jared Lee Loughner to prevent prison doctors from forcibly medicating the Arizona shooting suspect . "  I defer to medical judgement , " U.S. District Judge Larry Alan Burns said in ruling that prison doctors were within their rights to force Loughner to take mind-altering psychotropic drugs against his will . "  I have no reason to disagree with the doctors here . " Burns , who conducted the hearing in his San Diego court , also ordered that sensitive medical and legal documents relating to Loughner 's treatment for mental illness remain sealed . Loughner has already started receiving the powerful drugs , Wednesday 's hearing revealed . Lawyers representing Loughner contend that forcing him to take the drugs against his will violates his rights . Authorities at the U.S. Medical Center for Federal Prisoners in Springfield , Missouri , where Loughner is being held , should have tried lesser restraints such as milder tranquilizers , argued Reuben Camper Cahn , one of Loughner 's lawyers . Prison authorities "  allowed competing objectives to interfere " by ordering the psychotropic drugs , which are for treating mental illness , in an effort to restore Loughner to mental competency so he can stand trial -- as desired by law enforcement and judicial systems , Cahn asserted . Prosecutors responded Tuesday that prison officials acted properly in ordering the medication , which they said was necessary for Loughner to control his mental illness . "  This is a person who is a ticking time bomb , " proscecutor Wallace Kleindienst said . "  He 's lunged at his defense counsel and spits at her . " Loughner , 22 , is charged in the January mass shooting in which six people were killed and 13 wounded , including Democratic U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , in front of a Safeway grocery story in Tucson , Arizona . A federal judge ruled last month that Loughner was not competent to stand trial , and he was sent to the federal facility in Springfield . Burns , at the beginning of Wednesday 's hearing , suggested the federal court in Missouri , where Loughner is being held , might be where medical decisions should be made . "  If he had a bad toothache , complained about treatment , would he come to me ? " Burns asked . In their emergency motion on June 24 to halt the forced medication , Loughner 's lawyers said prison officials held a deficient hearing process and used faulty reasoning in deciding to drug Loughner against his will . For example , Loughner had no attorney present at the June 14 hearing , the lawyers said in their motion , and officials failed to state the drug and dosage he should receive . According to the emergency motion , authorities had earlier assessed Loughner as dangerous because of incidents before his transfer to the Springfield prison : He threw a chair against a door and spat at an attorney . However , the reasoning by prison officials in Springfield for deciding to administer the drugs was to treat Loughner 's mental illness , rather than to subdue any dangerous behavior , the motion noted . Prosecutors argued in their response that Loughner received a proper administrative hearing on the matter , and the medication prescribed was necessary to prevent him from being a danger to himself and others . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : The judge says he sees no reason to disagree with prison doctors Jared Lee Loughner is charged in the Tucson mass shooting in which six were killed Forcing Loughner to take powerful drugs violates his rights , lawyers say Prosecutors say the medication is necessary to control his schizophrenia
CNN  -- Former Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova became the first big name seed to exit the star-studded WTA tournament in Tokyo as she fell victim Tuesday to unheralded Croatian Petra Martic . Fourth seed Kvitova was well below her best in the second round match at the Pan Pacific Open and three double faults in her opening game to lose serve left the Czech on the back foot . Martic , who has been sidelined by injury , took full advantage to take the first set and after claiming the first game of the second to love , was always in command . A 6-4 6-4 win was the biggest of her fledgling career and followed a remarkable first round victory over Andrea Petkovic of Germany , where she trailed 6-0 1-0 before recovering to win in three sets . Kvitova , who will now head early to Beijing for her next tournament , admitted she had been outplayed . "  She has a big serve and it is tough to push her . She kept me on the defensive and running a lot , and that 's not my game , " she told the official WTA Tour website . "  She played so well today , very aggressive , " Kvitova , 22 , added . World No. 2 Maria Sharapova also faced an early exit when she trailed British qualifier Heather Watson by a set , but she hit back in typical style to grind out a 6-7 6-3 6-4 win in over three hours . . "  I was not consistent enough . I had opportunities to win the first set and I did n't , " said Sharapova . But former World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki continued her more impressive recent form with a 7-6 6-1 dismissal of Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova . Dane Wozniacki took her first WTA Tour title in more than a year in Seoul last week as she bids to re-enter the top 10 after a recent slump . Current No. 1 Victoria Azarenka of Belarus also looked in fine fettle after her U.S. Open heroics where she lost a superb final to Serena Williams . She beat Tamira Paszek of Austria 6-1 6-1 , while defending champion Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland saw off Jelena Jankovic of Serbia 6-2 7-5 . Last year 's French Open champion Li Na of China and ninth seed Marion Bartoli of France also progressed .	Petra Kvitova crashes out of Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo 2011 Wimbledon champion goes out in second round to Petra Martic Maria Sharapova and Caroline Wozniacki advance to third round Defending champion Agnieszka Radwanska also through
CNN  There is plenty of noise surrounding the nuclear deal that is being negotiated with Iran . But for all the heat generated by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's speech to Congress and an ill-conceived , panicky letter to Iran 's leadership organized by Sen.Tom Cotton -- the latest debate is creating little light . Indeed , it may actually be obscuring the fundamental issue of Iran 's own foreign policies -- and whether Tehran 's destabilizing activities abroad should preclude a deal at all . Unfortunately , few in Congress have taken the time to consider the matter in a thoughtful , coherent manner . There are , of course , certain realities that should not be in dispute : Yes , Iran is a regional adversary to a number of its Gulf neighbors and Israel . And it does aim to provoke Sunni-led Gulf states and generally to sow seeds of sectarian Islam abroad . In addition , the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corp 's Quds force is alleged to have provided training and weapons to a range of militants -- Hezbollah and Islamic Jihad in Lebanon and the Palestinian territories , Bashar al-Assad 's regime in Syria , Houthi rebels in Yemen , disenfranchised Shia Muslims in Bahrain , and even to militant groups in West Africa . Most recently , Iran has been directing military operations by U.S.-equipped Iraqi forces against ISIS militants in Iraq , forces that have been aided by U.S. airstrikes . Netanyahu grasped the irony , starkly warning "  when it comes to Iran and ISIS , the enemy of your enemy is your enemy . "  Although Sen. Marco Rubio appears to be confused , insisting at a March 11 hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that Iran must be unhappy with U.S. airstrikes against ISIS  . Yet the question that Netanyahu did not answer , and which Sen. Cotton and his 46 colleagues have not even asked , is what exactly should be done about Iran 's activities abroad ? Many in Congress fail to grasp that Foreign Minister Javad Zarif and his colleagues in Iran 's Cabinet , with their U.S.-PhDs and understanding of plural democracies , are not cut from the same cloth as the hardliners in charge of Iran 's Quds force  its commander , Qasem Suleimani turns up in Lebanon and Iraq despite a travel and asset ban  . And yes , it was the Quds force that provided the explosives and operatives that led to significant U.S. casualties in the early years of the 2003 Iraq war . To answer the question of what to do about Iran 's activities , it is important to understand that the nuclear agreement , while it has little to do with Iran 's arms transfers or extracurricular activities in the region , can lay the groundwork for a far more serious engagement about Iran 's role in the region -- and in a manner that addresses head-on the concerns of its Sunni neighbors , many of whom are eager to resume longstanding trading relationships with Iran . The reality is that Iran 's reemergence into the international community in a postnuclear deal environment would allow the Gulf Cooperation Council  GCC  to assert its interests in the region , and to lay out expectations of Iran as a constructive partner . It might even lead to quiet , back-channel diplomacy about the future of Syria without al-Assad . None of this is possible in the absence of the nuclear deal . Once Iran begins to navigate its relationships as more than the isolated , nuclear-threshold pariah state it currently is , there will be less tolerance internationally for destabilizing arms transfers and the training of would-be insurgents . And there is no need to rely on Iran 's word that it will refrain from such activities . As U.N. Security Council resolutions are rewritten to lift the ban on uranium enrichment in Iran , the ban on Iranian arms transfers can and should remain in place , with U.N. member states required to report to the Security Council any violations of that ban by Iran . Ultimately , as important as the nuclear issue is , the real promise of a deal is only partially about limiting the country 's nuclear ambitions -- it is also about returning stability to a shattered region , exhausted and impoverished by war . Iran , the United States and Gulf allies can be partners in such a process with clear eyes and no illusions about how difficult it will be . A nuclear deal is just the beginning .	Talks are continuing over Iran 's nuclear program Jacqueline Shire : A nuclear deal is just the beginning
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Newly released documents show that military personnel watching over at least two American citizens held in U.S. Navy brigs feared that the isolation and austere conditions were threatening detainees ' sanity . Records show that military personnel feared for the sanity of detainees in U.S. Navy brigs . Documents obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request quote an unnamed brig official writing about detainee Yaser Hamdi in June 2002 . "  I will continue to do what I can to help this individual maintain his sanity , but in my opinion , we 're working with borrowed time , " he wrote . The recipient of the e-mail also is unidentified . The communication is one of several in which brig personnel expressed worries to superiors about the mental state of Hamdi , a dual Saudi/U . S. citizen who was captured on the battlefield in Afghanistan in 2001 . Another e-mail about Hamdi written six months later , in December 2002 , shows an unidentified military person appealing to higher-ups to be able to provide Hamdi with games and tapes to help him pass the time during confinement as a means to steady his mental state . "  I would like to have some form of an incentive program in place to reward him for his continued good behavior , but more so , to keep him from whacking -LSB- sic -RSB- out on me . " A June 2003 e-mail reports that Hamdi "  feels as if he has been forgotten . " "  The last thing I wanted to have happen was to send him anywhere from here as a ` Basket Case , ' of use to no one , " the author of the message wrote . "  I fear the rubber band is nearing its breaking point here and not totally confident I can keep his head in the game much longer . " The Pentagon would not discuss the specifics of the newly released documents . But a spokesman , Navy Cmdr. Jeff Gordon , issued a brief statement : "  The Department of Defense policy is clear : We treat all detainees humanely . The United States operates safe , humane and professional detention operations for unlawful enemy combatants at war with this country . " After his capture in 2001 , Hamdi was sent to the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Once officials discovered that he was born in the United States , he was transferred to the United States and held in solitary confinement in Naval brigs in Norfolk , Virginia , and then in Charleston , South Carolina . Hamdi was never charged with breaking any laws , and the Supreme Court ruled in 2004 that the United States could not hold him indefinitely without bringing charges . Hamdi was allowed to return to Saudi Arabia , and he relinquished his U.S. citizenship . The e-mails reveal that brig personnel had been instructed to treat Hamdi and later two other enemy combatants held in the United States in a manner similar to hundreds of prisoners detained by the military at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Attorneys for a second detainee , Jose Padilla , filed a Freedom of Information Act request to obtain the documents about the treatment of the detainees at the military brigs . Yale Law School 's Lowenstein International Human Rights Clinic and the American Civil Liberties Union obtained the 91 pages of material , which the ACLU released to the public . Jonathan Freiman , one of the Padilla attorneys , said the government 's own documents provide damaging information about how his client and the other enemy combatants were treated in U.S. facilities . "  He was treated abysmally and unconstitutionally for years , " he said . "  It 's a clear violation of the Fifth Amendment , " which guarantees the right to due process . Another Padilla lawyer , Tahlia Townsend , said the documents show that military staff at the brig were told to keep Padilla and the others "  in conditions to soften them up for interrogation . " The lawyers are concerned that they have yet to receive documents about Padilla 's treatment from 2002 to 2004 , which they contend could provide more evidence about how he was treated . Most of the material just released concerns Hamdi . The ACLU issued a statement saying brig officials "  doubted the wisdom of applying Guantanamo rules on American soil " but had to follow orders from the Pentagon . The United States eventually brought charges against Padilla , and he was convicted in 2007 of providing material support for terrorism in Bosnia , Kosovo and Chechnya . A third detainee remains in custody at the brig in Charleston , South Carolina . Ali al-Marri is a native of Qatar and was a legal U.S. resident when he was arrested in Illinois in 2001 . Al-Marri was transferred from civilian to military custody in 2003 . U.S. officials suspected that al-Marri was a member of an al Qaeda sleeper cell , but no terrorism charges were filed against him . Jonathan Hafetz , a lawyer for al-Marri , is appealing his client 's detention to the Supreme Court . Hafetz also works for the ACLU . When CNN asked for his reaction to the e-mails , Hafetz replied , "  I was surprised you saw the concern and discomfort so early on by military officials " at the brigs . Hafetz said those at the brig seemed sympathetic to the plight of the enemy combatants in their care but were forced to follow orders . The new documents also contain e-mails about his client . One from April 2007 talks about how al-Marri had not been able to communicate with his wife and five children , who had gone back to Saudi Arabia to live . "  I believe that it is in Mr. al-Marri 's and our best interest for him to be able to communicate in some way with his family , " said the unidentified brig official . "  Five years is too long . " Hafetz said that conditions began to improve a bit for his client after he filed suit in 2005 but that he still does n't have contact with other detainees at the brig. "  The fundamental problem remains : He 's in virtual isolation . More than 1,800 days in isolation . " "  His mental state has been deteriorating , " Hafetz said . "  You 're alone with no idea when confinement will end . " Hafetz said al-Marri is now allowed two phone calls a year with his family . He can get mail , but the lawyer said it takes two to four months to get to his client , because everything is sent first to the military facility in Guantanamo Bay , where it must be cleared .	Records : Official said detainee Yaser Hamdi 's sanity was faltering Military officer requested help keeping prisoner from "  whacking out " on him Pentagon statement stresses that all detainees are treated "  humanely "
The theory of evolution . The theory of relativity . The Cat in the Hat . All were brought to you by introverts . Our culture is biased against quiet and reserved people , but introverts are responsible for some of humanity 's greatest achievements -- from Steve Wozniak 's invention of the Apple computer to J.K. Rowling 's Harry Potter . And these introverts did what they did not in spite of their temperaments -- but because of them . As the science journalist Winifred Gallagher writes : "  The glory of the disposition that stops to consider stimuli rather than rushing to engage with them is its long association with intellectual and artistic achievement . Neither E = mc2 nor Paradise Lost was dashed off by a party animal . " Watch an interview with Susan Cain Introverts make up a third to a half the population . That 's one out of every two or three people you know . Yet our most important institutions -- our schools and our workplaces -- are designed for extroverts . And we 're living with a value system that I call the New Groupthink , where we believe that all creativity and productivity comes from an oddly gregarious place . Picture the typical classroom . When I was a kid , we sat in rows of desks , and we did most of our work autonomously . But nowadays many students sit in "  pods " of desks with four or five students facing each other , and they work on countless group projects -- even in subjects like math and creative writing . Kids who prefer to work by themselves do n't fit , and research by educational psychology professor Charles Meisgeier found that the majority of teachers believe the ideal student is an extrovert -- even though introverts tend to get higher grades , according to psychologist Adrian Furnham . TED.com : Carl Honore praises slowness The same thing happens at work . Many of us now work in offices without walls , with no respite from the noise and gaze of co-workers . And introverts are routinely passed over for leadership positions , even though the latest research by the management professor Adam Grant at Wharton shows that introverted leaders often deliver better results . They 're better at letting proactive employees run with their creative ideas , while extroverts can unwittingly put their own stamp on things and not realize that other people 's ideas are n't being heard . Of course , we all fall at different points along the introvert-extrovert spectrum . Even Carl Jung , who popularized these terms in the first place , said there was no such thing as a pure introvert or a pure extrovert -- that "  such a man would be in a lunatic asylum . " There 's also a term , ambivert , for people who fall smack in the middle of the spectrum . But many of us recognize ourselves as one or the other . And culturally we need a better balance of yin and yang between the two types . In fact , we often seek out this balance instinctively . That 's why we see so many introvert-extrovert couples  I 'm an introvert happily married to an extrovert  and the most effective work teams have been found to be a mix of the two types . TED.com : Using our practical wisdom The need for balance is especially important when it comes to creativity and productivity . When psychologists look at the lives of the most creative people , they almost always find a serious streak of introversion because solitude is a crucial ingredient for creativity . Charles Darwin took long walks alone in the woods and emphatically turned down dinner party invitations . Theodore Geisel , better known as Dr. Seuss , dreamed up his creations in a private bell tower in the back of his house in La Jolla . Steve Wozniak invented the first Apple computer alone in his cubicle at Hewlett Packard . Of course , this does n't mean that we should stop collaborating with each other -- witness Wozniak teaming up with Steve Jobs to form Apple . But it does mean that solitude matters . And for some people it 's the air they breathe . In fact , we 've known about the transcendent power of solitude for centuries ; it 's only recently that we 've forgotten it . Our major religions all tell the story of seekers -- Moses , Jesus , Mohammed , Buddha -- who go off alone , to the wilderness , and bring profound revelations back to the community . No wilderness , no revelations . This is no surprise , if you listen to the insights of contemporary psychology . It turns out that you ca n't be in a group without instinctively mimicking others ' opinions -- even about personal , visceral things like who you 're physically attracted to . We ape other people 's beliefs without even realizing we 're doing it . Groups also tend to follow the most dominant person in the room even though there 's zero correlation between good ideas and being a good talker . The best talker might have the best ideas , but she might not . So it 's much better to send people off to generate ideas by themselves , freed from the distortion of group dynamics , and only then come together as a team . I 'm not saying that social skills are unimportant , or that we should abolish teamwork . The same religions that send their sages off to lonely mountaintops also teach us love and trust . And the problems we face today in fields like economics and science are more complex than ever , and need armies of people to solve them . But I am saying that we all need alone time . And that the more freedom we give introverts to be themselves , the more they 'll dream up their own unique solutions to the problems that bedevil us .	Susan Cain : Many of the world 's great advances have been made by introverts She says society puts pressure on children and adults to work in groups "  Groupthink " can get in the way of imagination and creativity , she says Cain : Give introverts the freedom to be themselves
CNN  -- Let the iPhone 6 speculation begin . Apple is kicking off production on a new iPhone in the coming months and could announce the device this summer , according to a report in The Wall Street Journal . The phone would have the same size and shape as the iPhone 5 , and Apple might also be working on a cheaper model to sell in developing countries , the report said . The Journal story contained no details about what features the next iPhone might contain , although each new iPhone model has historically boasted a more powerful processor and an upgraded camera . It would n't be shocking for Apple to release an iPhone in the summer . The company has released a new iPhone model every year since the device debuted in 2007 , and the release dates have all been in the summer or fall . The iPhone 5 came out in September 2012 , the iPhone 4S in October 2011 , and the three versions before that in the summer months . One possible launchpad for the as-yet-unnamed new device could be Apple 's annual Worldwide Developers Conference , typically held each June in San Francisco . Exact dates for WWDC 2013 have not been announced . The Journal report 's more interesting nuggets are about the cheaper , more colorful iPhone version . The report says Apple has been "  working on different color shells " for the less expensive model . There have been rumblings about a cheaper iPhone for a while now . The company has often put quality above affordability , but to be competitive in the booming Asia and South America markets , it will need to drop the price of its lower-end phones . Older , less expensive iPhone versions continue to sell well but are still pricey when compared with the array of cheap Android handsets . The Wall Street Journal cites people "  familiar with the device 's production " as sources for its report . These periodic crumbs of leaked information about Apple launches may help the company , which presents itself as extremely secretive about future products . Such occasional Apple rumor stories keep the iPhone in the minds of smartphone buyers and could influence their decisions about what phone to buy next . It 's been six months since Apple released a major new product , and as Fortune recently noted , its fans may be growing restless . Apple may also feel pressure to release a new iPhone soon to compete with archrival Samsung , whose popular Samsung Galaxy S line has emerged as a credible competitor . Reports of new products also would probably look good to Apple investors .	Apple to begin production on latest iPhone model soon , The Wall Street Journal says The new model could be ready by this summer A cheaper , more colorful version of the iPhone might also be in production
WATERLOO , Illinois  CNN  -- A southwestern Illinois man accused of strangling his wife and two young sons did not ask how his family was killed or see their bodies after he learned of the deaths , a police official said at a preliminary hearing Wednesday . Christopher Coleman has pleaded not guilty and is being held without bond . Christopher Coleman , 32 , is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of Garett , 11 , Gavin , 9 , and his wife , Sheri Coleman , 31 . The victims were strangled in their beds last month . A pathologist will testify during the trial that the time of deaths May 5 was between 11 p.m. and 3 a.m. , hours before Coleman said he drove to a gym , said Chief Joe Edwards of the Columbia Police Department . Coleman , a security supervisor , was arrested May 19 . The chief also said that a handwriting expert has concluded that the profanity-laced messages scrawled in red spray paint throughout the house match Coleman 's handwriting . Spray-painted messages were also found on Gavin 's bed sheets , he said . Watch more on the profane messages " Threatening letters left in the family 's mailbox and an e-mail allegedly sent to Coleman before the killings were traced back to the suspect 's laptop , he said . The letters had no envelopes and no postage , according to Edwards . Testifying at a hearing at the Monroe County Courthouse , the chief said that a police chaplain noticed an abrasion on Coleman 's right arm as he was escorted to an ambulance after the bodies were discovered . Coleman then repeatedly punched the gurney with the arm , Edwards said , adding that when the suspect 's father asked him about the abrasion , he said it was from punching the gurney . The suspect was having an affair with a friend of his wife who lives in Florida , according to prosecutors . Computer forensics found videos , photos and messages between the two , Edwards said . Coleman pleaded not guilty to all charges . The next court date is set for August 26 .	Police chief testifies at preliminary hearing for man accused of slayings Sheri Coleman , 2 sons killed in Columbia , Illinois , home Christopher Coleman , husband and father , is accused in the deaths Graffiti , threats against family tied to Coleman at hearing
CNN  -- Georgia 's interior minster resigned Thursday , two days after videos surfaced purportedly showing guards abusing prisoners . Bacho Akhalaia released a statement on the ministry 's website announcing the move . "  I am deeply horrified with the crime that has been revealed in Gldani N8 prison , " he said , referring to the facility in Tbilisi , the capital . Akhalaia said that even though he 's no longer in charge of the prison system , some people who were tasked to prevent such acts began their careers under his leadership . Purported prison abuse videos prompt outrage in Georgia "  Because of that , I feel a moral and political obligation that we were not able to prevent this horrible practice  the abuse  . " Georgia television stations , including TV9 , broadcast the videos Tuesday night . The faces of those being filmed were obscured . One man cries out while he is being raped with a broom handle . Another video shows an inmate being punched . The videos led to arrests inside and outside the Eurasian country , a former Soviet republic . It also stoked outrage . President Mikheil Saakashvili called the abuse "  a horrific affront to human rights and human dignity . " The U.S. Embassy said it was revolted by the images . The country 's interior ministry on Tuesday blamed certain prison employees for the degrading treatment . It said a prisoner at the facility offered "  substantial reimbursement " to employees for their actions and the video recordings . Its statement did not elaborate on the prisoner 's motivation . The interior ministry identified that prisoner as Tamaz Tamazashvili , father-in-law of Irlakli Garibashvili , a member of the opposition Georgian Dream party . Are you witnessing protests ? Share your images Garibashvili said Tamazashvili 's life was in danger and that he was being held "  hostage " by the president . Tamazashvili had nothing to do with the taped incidents , Garibashvili said . Khatuna Kalmakhelidze , Georgia 's minister of corrections and legal assistance , tendered her resignation Wednesday . CNN 's Nunu Japaridze contributed to this report	Minister was "  deeply horrified " by the actions Gldani N8 prison is in Tbilisi , the Georgia capital Outrage followed release of the videos
A Republican lawmaker demanded Wednesday to know why investigators have not captured or killed any of the suspects in the attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , pointing out that CNN was able to find a man who some say was the ringleader in the assault that left the ambassador and three other Americans dead . Eight GOP lawmakers are asking that incoming FBI Director James Comey brief Congress within 30 days about the investigation . They say the administration 's inquiry into the September 11 , 2012 , attacks in Libya has been "  simply unacceptable , " according to a draft letter obtained by CNN . "  One of the pertinent questions today is why we have not captured or killed the terrorist who committed these attacks ? " Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , told reporters . "  News out today that CNN was able to go in and talk to one of the suspected terrorists , how come the military has n't been able to get after them and capture or kill the people ? How come the FBI is n't doing this and yet CNN is ? " Chaffetz was referring to CNN 's recent interview with Ahmed Abu Khattala , who Libyan and U.S. officials have described as the Benghazi leader of the al Qaeda-affiliated militia group Ansar al-Sharia -- one of many groups that filled the vacuum of authority following the overthrow of Moammar Gadhafi . He has been described as a "  person of interest " in the investigation , according to officials . In that interview , Khattala told CNN 's Arwa Damon that he had not been contacted by any Libyan or American officials . House panel subpoenas State Department over Benghazi "  Even the investigative team did not try to contact me , " he told Damon , referring to the FBI . When asked whether he would be willing to meet with investigators if they asked , Khattala said : "  Yes , no problem . ... But not as an interrogation , as a conversation like the one we are having right now . " Damon spent two hours interviewing Khattala at a coffee shop at a well-known hotel in Benghazi , describing his demeanor as fairly relaxed . He allowed Damon to use an audio recorder to tape the conversation , but refused to appear on camera . Khattala 's narrative of the events that night was sometimes unclear and , at times , seemed to be contradictory , Damon said . He admitted to being at the compound the night of the attack , but denied any involvement in the violence . When he arrived at the perimeter of the compound , Khattala said he saw men carrying RPGs and medium guns , but that gunfire prevented him from getting close and entering the compound . Opinion : Benghazi blame game is useless Khattala said by the time he managed to get inside the compound , everyone had withdrawn . He said he did not see any fires . Asked about allegations he may have masterminded the attack , Khattala and two of the men he brought with him to the interview "  burst out laughing , " Damon said . Khattala does not appear to be a man who is in hiding , having granted interviews to The New York Times , Reuters and other news agencies in the weeks following the Benghazi attack . "  Rumors continue to swirl about the whereabouts of suspects involved in the attack , " the lawmakers wrote in their letter to Comey , who will replace Robert Mueller as FBI director in September . "  The FBI continues to add pictures of potential assailants to its website and asks the Libyan people to assist with identifying the alleged perpetrators . We struggle to understand why we do n't know more about those who attacked two U.S. compounds and murdered four brave Americans . " The FBI did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment on the letter . The letter was initiated by Chaffetz and Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , two of the fiercest critics of the administration 's Benghazi response . Others who agreed to sign the letter included Sens. John McCain of Arizona , Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire and Ron Johnson of Wisconsin . On the House side , Darrell Issa , the chairman of the committee leading the House Benghazi investigation , Trey Gowdy of South Carolina and Jim Jordan of Ohio signed the letter . In the letter , the lawmakers wrote : "  We encourage you to be aggressive in your investigation to properly hold accountable those who attacked our compounds in Benghazi . We owe the families of those killed , and the people of this nation , answers to who was responsible and ensure they are held accountable . " The attack at the Benghazi diplomatic compound has become a political flashpoint in a long-running battle between the administration and Republicans , who accuse it of not bolstering security before the attack , of botching the response to it and of misleading the public for political gain less than two months before the November election . White House releases Benghazi e-mails The GOP suggests the administration removed specific terror references and stuck to an explanation advanced by U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice in television appearances -- later proved untrue -- that the attack was the result of a spontaneous demonstration over an anti-Muslim film that was produced in the United States . The White House and its allies in Congress have said any confusion and conflicting information in the early hours and days after the assault stemmed from the "  fog of war , " not any deliberate effort to mislead the public .	Rep. Jason Chaffetz wants to know why the FBI has n't interviewed Ahmed Abu Khattala Some have described Khattala as the ringleader of the attack on the consulate Khattala tells CNN that no American or Libyan official has asked to speak to him He denies he had any role in the attack the left ambassador , three other Americans dead
PARIS , France  CNN  -- The jet carrying 228 people from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , that disappeared overnight as it entered an area of strong turbulence probably crashed into the Atlantic Ocean , the CEO of Air France said Monday . Anne and Michael Harris , who lived in Rio de Janiero , Brazil , were two Americans aboard the flight . Brazilian and French ships and planes were looking for any sign of the missing plane , authorities said . The first three hours of what was to have been an 11-hour flight appear to have been uneventful , CEO Pierre-Henri Gourgeon said . But about 4:15 a.m. Paris time , Flight 447 's automatic system began a four-minute exchange of messages to the company 's maintenance computers , indicating that "  several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down , " he said . "  This succession of messages signals a totally unforeseeable , great difficulty , " he said . "  Something quite new within the plane . " During that time , there was no contact with the crew , Gourgeon said . "  It was probable that it was a little bit after those messages that the impact of the plane took place in the Atlantic , " he added . He said the Airbus A330 was probably closer to Brazil than to Africa when it crashed . He noted that turbulence made flying "  difficult " in the area but that it is "  too early to say " exactly what happened . The chances of finding any survivors were "  very low , " French President Nicolas Sarkozy admitted Monday . "  This is a catastrophe the likes of which Air France has never seen before , " he said at Charles de Gaulle International Airport , where he met with relatives of the missing . "  I said the truth to them : The prospects of finding survivors are very low , " he said . The airline company identified the nationalities of the victims as two Americans , an Argentinean , an Austrian , a Belgian , 58 Brazilians , five British , a Canadian , nine Chinese , a Croatian , a Dane , a Dutch , an Estonian , a Filipino , 61 French , a Gambian , 26 Germans , four Hungarians , three Irish , one Icelandic , nine Italians , five Lebanese , two Moroccans , three Norwegians , two Polish , one Romanian , one Russian , three Slovakian , two Spanish , one Swedish , six Swiss and one Turk . An official list of victims by name was not available late Monday . The American victims were identified as Michael Harris , 60 , and his wife , Anne , 54 , by the couple 's family and his employer , Devon Energy in Oklahoma -- the largest U.S.-based independent natural gas and oil producer . Michael Harris was a company geologist in Rio de Janeiro , according to a company spokesman . Anne Harris ' sister , Mary Miley , told CNN the couple had been living in the city since July 2008 and that they were traveling to Paris for a training seminar for Michael and for a vacation . "  Anne and Mike were indeed a beautiful couple inside and out and I miss them terribly already , " Miley said in an e-mail . Sarkozy said French authorities sent ships and planes to the area about 250 miles  400 kilometers  from Brazil . "  Our Spanish friends are helping us ; Brazilians are helping us a lot as well . " French Transport Minister Jean-Louis Borloo told CNN affiliate France 2 that France asked the U.S. military to assist in the search through U.S. detection satellites . Pentagon officials in Washington did not immediately confirm the request . Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva told reporters in San Salvador , El Salvador , that he had spoken with Sarkozy but neither leader knew what to say . "  All we could do was thank each other , " Lula said . "  He thanked me for the speed with which the Brazilian air force took charge . " He added , "  In times like these , there is little to do but to deeply lament , to wish the families a lot of strength , because there are no words in times like these . " Sarkozy said authorities were seeking the help of satellites that might be able to pick up signs of what happened to the 4-year-old Airbus 330 . No possibility was being excluded : Turbulence in the area was strong , but other planes were able to pass through it without incident , he said . The plane reported a problem with the electrical system , "  but the specialists refuse for the moment to express themselves about any possibility , " Sarkozy said . The jet also sent a warning that it lost pressure , the Brazilian air force said . Watch aviation expert describe possible scenarios " It lost contact with air traffic control between Galeao International Airport in Rio de Janeiro and Charles de Gaulle International Airport in Paris , the airline said Monday . The Airbus A330 sent out an automatic signal warning of the electrical problems just after 2 a.m. GMT Monday as it flew "  far from the coast , " said an Air France spokeswoman who declined to be identified . It had just entered a stormy area with strong turbulence , she said . The jet was flying at an altitude of 35,000 feet and a speed of 521 mph , the air force said . Among the passengers were 126 men , 82 women , seven children and a baby , in addition to the 12 crew members , Air France officials in Brazil said . Much of the route is out of radar contact , Brazilian air force Col. Henry Munhoz told TV Globo . The flight , AF 447 , took off from Galeao International Airport at 11:30 p.m. Sunday GMT . It was scheduled to land in Paris at 9:10 a.m. GMT . Learn more about recent notable airplane crashes " Its last known contact occurred at 2:33 a.m. GMT , the Brazilian air force spokesman said . It was expected to check in with air traffic controllers at 3:20 a.m. GMT but did not do so , the Brazilian air force said in a statement . Brazilian authorities asked the air force to launch a search mission just over three hours later , at 6:30 a.m. GMT , the statement said . The plane reported no problems before takeoff , Joao Assuncao , Air France 's manager in Brazil , told the country 's Record TV . The airline set up a crisis center at the Paris airport . It listed numbers for families to call : 0 800 800 812 for people in France and 00 33 1 57 02 10 55 for families outside France . At a crisis center at the airport in Rio , relatives of the missing complained of a dearth of information from Air France , the Brazilian state news agency reported . One man , who identified himself as Bernardo , said his brother , Romeo Amorim Souza , and his wife were on the missing flight . "  I came to the airport because I was n't finding information , and my parents are very nervous , " he told Agencia Brasil . The missing A330 last underwent a maintenance check on April 16 , the airline said . CNN air travel expert Richard Quest said the twin-engine plane , a stalwart of transatlantic routes , had an impeccable safety record , with only one fatal incident involving a training flight in 1994 . "  It has very good range and is extremely popular with airlines because of its versatility , " he said . Its crew was composed of three pilots and nine cabin crew members , including a captain who has logged 11,000 hours in flight . About 1,700 of those hours were on the A330 and A340 . Of the two co-pilots , one has 3,000 hours of flying experience and the other 6,600 hours . The aircraft has flown 18,870 hours . The model is "  capable of communicating in several different ways over quite long distances even if they are out of radar coverage , " said Kieran Daly of the online aviation news service Air Transport Intelligence . The French Accident Investigation Bureau for civil aviation is investigating , the company said in a statement . CNN 's Lianne Turner , Ayesha Durgahee , Helena DeMoura , Isa Soares and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	CEO : "  Several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down " Passenger jet carrying 228 people disappears off coast of Brazil , airline says Air France says jet may have suffered electrical problems after hitting storm Expert says plane is extremely popular with airlines
The family of disgraced UK TV presenter Jimmy Savile made its first public statement Saturday since a slew of claims of sexual abuse of under-age girls destroyed the reputation of a man they had regarded as a hero . Savile 's nephew , Roger Foster , had defended his late uncle -- who hosted shows watched and heard by a generation of young Britons -- in a newspaper interview before the allegations emerged in a TV documentary a month ago . But as those few claims snowballed into hundreds , the family had to face up to the horrific truth : that the man they were so proud of as a media star and indefatigable charity fundraiser had a far darker side to his past . A statement released Saturday by Foster spells out the family 's anguish -- and their deep sympathy for as many as 300 victims preyed on by Savile . The documentary made them aware of "  allegations of a darker side to him that we knew nothing about , " Foster says -- and the claims swiftly began to overwhelm the family . "  I watched the program in horror and could not believe that these allegations were about our uncle . This was n't the man we knew and loved , " he says . "  We began to have doubts as to our own feeling towards our uncle . How could the person we thought we knew and loved do such a thing ? "  Why would a man who raised so much money for charity , who gave so much of his own time and energy for others risk it all doing indecent criminal acts ? How could anyone live their life doing the ` most good and most evil ' at the same time ? " Profile : Idolised in life , reviled in death The family took the "  difficult " decision to remove Savile 's headstone , only placed on his grave a couple of weeks earlier , as they feared it could become a target for spiraling public outrage and so disrupt the peace of the cemetery for others . "  A vilification of his name , his achievements and everything he stood for followed . People are moving as quickly as possible to disassociate themselves from him , " Foster continues . "  We recognize that even our own despair and sadness does not compare to that felt by the victims . Our thoughts and our prayers are with those who have suffered from every kind of abuse over so many years and we offer our deepest sympathy in what must have been a terrible time for all of them . Ex-Scout tells of abuse "  We can understand their reluctance to say anything earlier and can appreciate the courage it has taken to speak out now . " Meanwhile , Savile 's family waits to see what new horrors may emerge . "  Where will it all end ? Who knows ? The repercussions of this scandal are enormous . We , as his closest family , have to endure further revelations on a daily basis . Our feelings are in turmoil as we await the next turn of events , " Foster concludes . In another blow to Savile 's legacy , a senior archbishop has urged the Vatican to strip him of his papal knighthood , awarded by Pope John Paul II in 1990 . The Archbishop of Westminster , the Most Rev. Vincent Nichols , wrote to Pope Benedict XVI to ask if the honor could be posthumously removed , "  recognising the deep distress of all those who have suffered abuse and the disquiet at Mr Savile 's name remaining on Papal Honours lists , " a spokesman said . "  While the outcome of the current police investigation is awaited , the allegations of abuse are deeply shocking and our thoughts go first to all those who have been abused , " said the spokesman for Nichols , who heads the Catholic Church in England and Wales . Police say they are preparing an arrest strategy for "  others , " still living , against whom allegations have been made in connection with the Savile case . Commander Peter Spindler told reporters Thursday that police investigating the scandal were dealing with about 300 apparent victims , of whom all except two are women . They had spoken to 130 as of Thursday and identified 114 offenses committed , he said . Officers are following more than 400 lines of inquiry in the case , most of them involving Savile , he said , but no one has been arrested or interviewed under caution . "  I have no doubt we are at a watershed moment for child abuse investigations , " Spindler said . He said he wanted to reassure victims that they will no longer be "  uncredible " and that they will be given a voice . Many of the allegations date back to the 1960s and '70s , complicating the current investigation . Some police forces also face questions over reports made in the past to police regarding Savile , which did not result in any prosecution . Countless Britons who grew up watching Savile on TV 's "  Top of the Pops " and his children 's program "  Jim 'll Fix It " have been left reeling by the slew of claims against him in the past month . The reputation of the British Broadcasting Corporation , for whom he worked , has also been tainted by the scandal amid questions over how his abuse went undetected , and its decision to drop a program investigating allegations him last year . How scandal has rocked BBC The BBC , on whose premises some of the sexual assaults occurred , has said it is horrified by the revelations and has launched two independent inquiries . Savile died in October 2011 at age 84 , soon after being treated in a hospital for pneumonia . His death was followed by a series of glowing tributes , including two BBC Christmas specials .	"  This was n't the man we knew and loved , " family says of abuse revelations Family statement is first response to the scandal involving late UK TV star Jimmy Savile Police say around 300 victims have come forward in the past month Senior archbishop calls for the Vatican to strip Savile of his papal knighthood
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkish authorities have scrambled divers , helicopters and coast guard ships in an effort to find and rescue eight crew members missing after a cargo ship sank in a storm off Turkey 's Black Sea coast Tuesday night . An official from Turkey 's transportation ministry , speaking on condition of anonymity according to Turkish bureaucratic custom , told CNN the Cambodian-flagged ship Vera sank "  due to bad weather conditions " after it anchored off the coast of the Turkish town of Eregli . Three members of the 11-person crew were rescued after the ship initially went under , authorities said . Ten Ukrainians and a Georgian crewed the ship , which departed from the Russian port of Rostov carrying a load of scrap metal . For several days , unusually cold weather and snow have slammed central and western Turkey , as well as other regions of Europe and Eastern Europe . In Istanbul , Turkey 's largest city , the municipality mobilized more than 2,400 personnel and some 870 vehicles to try to keep roads open , as snow reached depths of up to 47 centimeters  1.5 feet  . The unusual snowfall forced the cancellation and delay of scores of flights , as visibility was occasionally reduced to less than 50 meters mid-morning Wednesday . Istanbul also suspended its high-speed sea bus service , which ferries passengers up and down the Bosphorus Strait and stretches of the Marmara Sea . According to the Istanbul municipality 's website , at least 378 homeless citizens have been brought to shelters and hotels to escape the freezing temperatures .	The cargo ship was carrying a load of scrap metal 11 crew members were on board Europe and Eastern Europe have been in the grip of a cold spell
Just one decade after the European single currency was launched amid fanfare and fireworks , its future looks uncertain as the debt crisis that engulfed Greece , Ireland and Portugal threatens the entire bloc -- and the wider global economy . Spain , the bloc 's fourth-largest economy , is the latest country to be swept into the crisis . In June , it was forced to seek up to $ 100 billion in aid from its eurozone peers to shore up its banking sector . Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy said the deal had demonstrated the advantages of cooperation within the bloc and meant "  European credibility won , the future of the euro won -LSB- and -RSB- Europe won . " Why ratings agencies take center stage in crisis But the markets have remained skeptical , pushing up the costs of Spain 's borrowings despite the bailout . Italian borrowing costs have also gone up as investors fret the problems will spread . Greece , meanwhile , faces its second election on June 17 and risks being ejected from the bloc . Many analysts saw it all coming of course , arguing that one fiscal system could never work for 17 EU countries that adopted the euro , serving more than 330 million people . The flaws were exacerbated after some countries were suspected of fudging their numbers , including Greece which in 2004 admitted it gave misleading information to gain admission to the eurozone . The crisis exploded after Greece revised its figures to show its 2009 budget deficit would be 12.7 % of gross domestic product -- far higher than the eurozone limit of 3 % . The bloc -- whose financial fractures may not have been apparent during the boom years -- then began to unravel . After Greece 's dire numbers were revealed , investors panicked and the country was unable to raise money to fund itself . The country was forced to take a $ 110 billion bailout from its eurozone peers and the International Monetary Fund . But Greece 's bailout , rather than stemming the panic , served as a harbinger to the debt crisis . Eurozone debt crisis glossary The European Financial Stability Facility , or European bailout fund -- set up to deal with further financial stumbles -- was quickly tapped again . Ireland , felled by a black hole in its banking system , was forced to take a $ 67.5 billion bailout package in November 2010 . After the markets then closed their doors to Portugal , it was also forced to take a $ 78 billion bailout . The troubled nations implemented austerity measures to try to rein in their hefty piles of debt , but confidence in the bloc 's ability to stabilize itself continued to fall . The crisis may yet engulf Italy , which makes up 17 % of the eurozone economy . Greece , Ireland and Portugal make up less than 6 % between them . And so Europe 's politicians and officials have desperately tried to sort out the mess by coming up with ideas including boosting the bailout fund , bringing the disparate economies closer financially , and tapping other markets for funds . Their previous measures proved ineffective , as the markets -- and the world -- remained unconvinced at the bloc 's ability to survive in its existing form .	Debt crisis that 's engulfed Greece , Ireland , Portugal still a threat to entire eurozone Greece now faces its second election , regarded as an effective referendum on whether it wants to stay in the eurozone Many said one fiscal system could never work for 17 countries and 300 million people Crisis exploded after Greece admitted 2009 budget deficit would be 12.7 % of GDP
CNN  -- The Republican presidential candidates are preening and prancing throughout the Sunshine State in the hopes of winning the state 's 50 precious delegates . Out in Hollywood , another kind of campaign -- one with prettier people , with better hair , but equally sharp nails -- will rage over the next three weeks for Oscar . The comparison is apt in the vast sums of money spent , the lobbyists hired , and the number of backsides kissed in order for studios to ensure their films pick up Oscars at the end of the campaign season , capped by a red carpet of triumph and tears the evening of February 26 . To that end , studios spend millions of dollars to make sure their projects take home those little gold men . As in the presidential race , we 've seen primaries leading up to the main event . Candidates were given tacit endorsements at the Golden Globes and again at Sunday evening 's Screen Actors Guild Awards . After "  The Help " took home a surprise win at the SAG Awards , the race for Best Picture has narrowed to that film and "  The Descendants " and "  The Artist , " both big winners at the Globes . For the next few weeks , until the close of Academy voting on the Sunday before the Oscars , the studios and distributors behind those three pictures -- Disney , 20th Century Fox and The Weinstein Company , respectively -- will be aggressively wooing the Academy 's 6,000 members into their camps . As in a political campaign , you simply can not win an Oscar without spending money . It does n't matter who spends the most , but it does matter who spends it best . One of the better campaigns of the past five years was the 2010 win for the little war flick that could : "  The Hurt Locker . " Despite its critical acclaim and high-quality cinematography and script , it was the lowest-grossing best picture winner of all time , competing against the highest-grossing movie in recent history , "  Avatar . " Besides quality , of course , what did it have going for it ? One hell of an Oscar campaign . Its studio , Summit Entertainment , was flush with vampire money from the "  Twilight " series . Oscar watchers , including studio executives , film journalists and fellow Oscar campaigners , told me that Summit spent between $ 3 million and $ 5 million for the campaign , which consisted mainly of hiring consultants to spin "  Hurt Locker " and "  Avatar " in a battle of good versus evil within the press . "  Hurt Locker " actually lost out to "  Avatar " in the Globes race , and that might have been a well-timed boon for the small flick . It positioned it perfectly as the underdog going into the home stretch of the campaign . Besides the cachet of an Oscar win , the successful campaign typically pays for itself in dividends . In the nine months after "  The Hurt Locker 's " Oscar win , the film sold more than $ 31 million worth of DVDs in the United States , 214 % of its U.S. box office gross of $ 14.7 million . That 's what makes Oscar campaigning more than a $ 100 million-a-year cottage industry within the movie industry . Persuading members of the Academy to first nominate your film and then vote for it is tremendously similar to how political operatives get candidates elected . There is no single strategy for a successful Oscar campaign , but momentum is key . Peak too early and excitement peters out ; peak too late and you 've spent millions of dollars without enough time to get voters invested . Building momentum involves racking up accolades and awards from individual guilds and film festivals before the nomination voting in January . This year Weinstein is making sure "  The Artist " gathers momentum at just the right time . It took home a Golden Globe and its lead actor , Jean Dujardin , brought home a Best Actor SAG . But it has yet to peak . How is momentum built ? And why does it cost millions ? After all , word of mouth is free . But an intricate web of gypsy publicists , rogue party planners , and entire full-service consultancies to generate that all-important buzz that drives a campaign can run more than $ 2 million . Sure , a DVD can be mailed for less than $ 2 . But with elaborate packaging , express mailing and hand delivery , the cost can increase to $ 200 each . With 6,000 Academy members , that translates to more than $ 1 million to get the films in front of voters . One of the stealthier tactics of good campaigners is the third-party Oscar party , where someone who is not in the Academy hosts an event celebrating a film starring one of their good friends . The expenses for these can easily run to $ 2 million , which is often somehow subsidized by the studio . Like a good show-pony politician , the cast of a film needs to be tirelessly glad-handing voters and going to every event to fluff their film . If a movie 's main players are n't willing to commit to living and breathing and fighting for their film for the two months leading up to the Oscars , they can forget about taking home a statue . Bills can run into the millions to fly the talent back and forth across the country and keep them upright and happy during the final stretch . Then there are screening costs and advertising costs . Full-page ads in trade magazines like Variety and The Hollywood Reporter can cost $ 25,000 each , with ad budgets ranging from $ 15,000 to $ 1 million . Political campaign tricks are obvious . Not so for Oscar campaigns . Selecting the leader of the free world may hold far greater stakes than what to put on your Netflix queue , but they both deserve a high level of transparency . Audiences deserve to know what goes into an Oscar win before they give it credence . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Jo Piazza .	Jo Piazza : Campaign of prettier people with better hair rages on in Hollywood Campaigning costs more than $ 100 million a year , but stakes are huge , she says Piazza : Spin , trade ads , publicists , party planners , consultancies cost fortunes Stars do as much glad-handing and promoting , she says , as politicians in election season
CNN  Two purported ISIS fighters interviewed for a news agency working in ISIS-held territory have given the same reason for the militants ' retreat from the Syrian city of Kobani : the constant pummeling by coalition airstrikes . On Monday , Kurdish fighters declared that they had released the city on the border to Turkey from ISIS ' grip after 112 days of fighting . The efforts of the Kurdish fighters -- known as the YPG , or People 's Protection Units -- on the ground were backed by an extensive campaign of airstrikes by the U.S.-led international coalition against ISIS . And according to the interviews given to ISIS-aligned Amak news agency in Syria , it was those airstrikes that won the battle for Kobani , referred to by the fighters as Ayn Al-Islam . "  Recently , we have withdrawn from Ayn Al-Islam bit by bit , because of the airstrikes and deaths of a number of our brothers , " said one of the two fighters , his face covered apart from his eyes . He points to a scene of destruction behind him but vows that ISIS will persist , "  and this is the message we send to Obama . " The second fighter interviewed by Amak stood near a road sign reading Ayn Al-Islam . He said ISIS forces had raided 360 villages around Kobani , from which the people "  ran away like rats . " But the reason behind their withdrawal from the city , he said , "  is that we no longer had places to hold there . We were inside Ayn Al-Islam and we occupied more than 70 % , but the airstrikes did not leave any building standing , they destroyed everything . " His horror of the airstrikes was apparent . "  I swear by God , their planes did not leave the air , day and night ; they did airstrikes all day and night . They targeted everything . They even attacked motorcycles ; they have not left a building standing . But by God willing we will return and we will have our revenge multiplied . " ISIS is on its heels after the loss of Kobani and an offensive by Kurdish Peshmerga -- armed fighters who protect Iraq 's Kurdish region -- around Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city and a focal point for all sides in the conflict . But on Friday , the Sunni extremist group launched an assault on Iraq 's oil-rich city of Kirkuk in what may be an attempt to divert Kurdish troops from Mosul . A report by Rudaw , a private website dedicated to presenting news from a Kurdish perspective , said at least 30 ISIS fighters were killed in the assault and 15 captured . Casualties on the other side included Brig. Gen. Shirko Fateh , the highest-ranking operational commander of the Peshmerga brigade located in Kirkuk . ISIS captured 15 employees working at the Khabbaz oilfield southwest of Kirkuk after launching their assault in the area , Brig. Gen. Sarhat Qader , the head of Kirkuk 's suburbs and villages police , told CNN on Saturday . A joint operation is underway by his police officers , Peshmerga and Kurdish security forces to free the hostages and take back control of the oilfield , seized by ISIS militants on Friday , Qader said . Troops have already liberated Al-Assal village , also taken by ISIS on Friday and located next to Khabbaz oil field , he said . Meanwhile , Gen. Hussein Mansour , the head of Peshmerga forces in Jalawla , in Diyala province , was killed in clashes with ISIS in southwestern Kirkuk , Saman Jabari , a senior Kurdish figure and local Peshmerga leader , told CNN on Saturday . Mansour brought his troops from Jalawla , about 100 miles away , to reinforce the Peshmerga in Kirkuk following the ISIS assault , he said . U.S. and coalition aircraft carried out 17 airstrikes in Iraq on Friday , according to a U.S. Central Command statement , 10 of them near Kirkuk and two near Mosul . Both the coalition and the Peshmerga are trying to prevent ISIS from opening a new front in Kirkuk , which ISIS likely hoped would lessen the pressure on Mosul . Additionally , by going on the offensive here , ISIS appears to be offering some obvious targets for strikes . If ISIS can be driven back from positions in Kirkuk , it will have to try other tactical offensives to draw Kurdish forces away from the outskirts of Mosul . The Kurds on their own admission have no intention of entering Mosul but want to choke off ISIS supply lines into the city . Another 10 airstrikes were carried out Friday against ISIS targets in Syria , eight of them near Kobani . According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based opposition group , from October 6 to Monday the fighting for Kobani killed 979 ISIS combatants , 324 YPG fighters and 12 rebels backing the YPG . Thirty-eight more ISIS militants died in attacks using booby-trapped vehicles or bomb belts , and the ISIS shelling of Kobani killed 12 civilians , SOHR said . "  On the other hand , hundreds of  ISIS  militants died during U.S. and Arab allies ' airstrikes on the city and its countryside , " the group said . However , the success of the coalition airstrikes in Kobani will be hard to replicate elsewhere . There are almost no civilians left in the city of Kobani , and most residents left early on when the fighting started , especially in the contested areas close to the front line . This meant airstrikes were fairly straightforward , with the coalition able to target one side and avoid civilian casualties . The front line was well defined , so it was clear where the ISIS and Kurdish fighters were . A more challenging situation is when airstrikes seek to target ISIS inside populated areas like Mosul in Iraq , Raqqa in Syria and other cities under ISIS control . Here the effectiveness of airstrikes is limited because of the risk of casualties among civilians . When coalition airstrikes hit cities in Aleppo , in northern Syria , civilian deaths were reported last year . CNN 's Tim Lister and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	ISIS kidnapped 15 oil workers southwest of Kirkuk , local police chief says Two purported ISIS fighters say constant coalition airstrikes in Kobani drove them out "  Their planes did not leave the air , day and night , " says one fighter
CNN  -- Michael Schumacher 's manager has revealed that a journalist tried to sneak into the French hospital room where the Formula One superstar is being treated Tuesday . The record-breaking German racer suffered severe head injuries after falling and hitting his head on a rock while skiing Sunday in the French Alpine resort of Meribel . His manager Sabine Kehm confirmed to CNN that a member of the media had attempted to gain access to the room at the University Hospital Center of Grenoble disguised as a priest . Doctors said Tuesday there was a "  slight improvement in the German star 's condition . On Monday night , doctors carried out a surgical intervention on Schumacher that allowed for some pressure to be relieved on his brain . Schumacher accident ` rare event ' There has been a global outpouring of support from the motorsport community and Schumacher 's ardent global fanbase since news of his accident broke . Outside the hospital , fans , some dressed in the scarlet colors of the Ferrari racing team , have placed flags bearing Ferrari 's Prancing Horse emblem . Schumacher won five successive world titles with the famous Italian marque between 2000 and 2005 , to add to the back-to-back titles he won for Benetton in 1994 and 1995 . Michael Schumacher : Life in the fast lane His family issued a statement Tuesday , saying : "  Following Michael 's skiing accident , we would like to thank the people from all around the world who have expressed their sympathy and sent their best wishes for his recovery . They are giving us great support . We all know he is a fighter and will not give up . " His wife Corinna and his two children are among the family at his bedside . In a stellar first career , the 44-year-old won an overall record seven world titles and 91 grands prix . He retired from the sport for a second time in 2012 after making a largely uncompetitive return to the F1 grid with Mercedes in 2010 . Since his retirement , Schumacher had been working as an ambassador for the German car giant but said earlier this month that he had been enjoying spending time with his family and mentoring the next generation of go-kart racers .	Seven time Formula One champion Michael Schumacher remains in French hospital after a skiing accident His manager reveals a journalist tried to enter his room disguised as a priest Fans have laid Ferrari flags outside the hospital in Alpine city of Grenoble Schumacher 's family have thanked "  people around the world " for their support
CNN  -- Call them the "  Meh-mmys . " Sure , when it comes to television 's most prestigious award , the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences tries . When the center of gravity moved to cable , the Emmys followed , giving "  The Sopranos , " "  The Shield " and "  Mad Men " the same kind of attention it once gave "  Hill Street Blues " and "  Picket Fences . " When new genres and new technology arose , the Academy responded , creating categories for reality shows and "  short-format live-action entertainment programs "  i.e. , online video  . And it 's hard to argue with this year 's nominees . Even the most questionable of the bunch -- "  Mad Men , " "  The Big Bang Theory , " Al Pacino 's love it-or-hate it turn as Phil Spector -- represent a level of professionalism and quality that should be acknowledged . Then why do the 65th Primetime Emmys feel so ... meh ? One reason is the same-old , same-old factor : that the Emmys tend to nominate the same shows  or the same types of shows  every year , says longtime awards watcher Tom O'Neil of Goldderby.com . "  TV is infamous for its reruns -- that 's the nature of the boob tube -- and it 's hard to whip up excitement when the same contenders return year after year , " he says . For example , he points out , this year there 's only one new show among the 12 nominees for best drama and best comedy , and that 's "  House of Cards , " which came from a non-network , Netflix .  Another show , FX 's "  Louie , " was nominated for the first time , though it just concluded its third season . ` House of Cards ' creator Beau Willimon plays a solid hand Grantland 's TV critic , Andy Greenwald , adds a corollary to O'Neil 's observation . Nowadays , there 's so much worthwhile programming out there that the Emmys , even when nominating good shows , feel safe and conservative -- and , therefore , somewhat dull . "  For the most part , the Emmys do a pretty good job considering the impossibility and the ridiculousness of their task , " he said . The new , new TV golden age He compares the awards with the two other major entertainment honors , the Oscars and Grammys . The former are often so hidebound to prestige productions -- you know the kind -- that they make us angry , Greenwald says . The latter awards , on the other hand , are so absurd that they make us laugh . And the Emmys ? "  They get under our skin in a different way , because they come so close , " he said . "  We often think that they should be getting it right , and they 're awfully near to doing it . " Everyone 's a critic Indeed , it 's often more fun -- especially in these days of 500 channels and a comparable number of interesting shows -- to single out the so-called snubs . There are the obvious ones , of course . "  Justified " did n't make it . Neither did "  Sons of Anarchy , " "  Parks and Recreation , " "  The Americans " and "  The Walking Dead . " Emmys 2013 : Who got snubbed ? But there are also several other shows that missed out in lesser categories . For example , A&E 's "  Duck Dynasty " is hugely popular and , given the hazy reality and clever editing of "  reality " shows , obviously well-crafted . It was completely ignored by the Emmys . And if "  Duck Dynasty " is the kind of heartland-favored show sneered at by critics  though , counter to perceptions , many have praised it  , what about BBC America 's "  Orphan Black " ? It 's well-written and features a bravura performance by Tatiana Maslany as several clones with distinct personalities . It also garnered zero nominations . Fans on Twitter were not happy .  But what else is new ? As EOnline 's Tierney Bricker said in reviewing the nominations , "  It 's Emmy season , time for nominations that come with no rhyme or reason ! " But even Greenwald , who wryly notes that he 's a "  professional TV watcher , " finds it hard to keep up . There 's so much to live-blog and track that a show like "  Orphan Black " can slip through the cracks until , suddenly , there 's an outcry , he says . "  People who are more plugged in than I am , maybe they were a little late in discovering a show that launched in January , " he said . "  It 's a testament to the way the culture works now , that it sort of trickled down and people can discover something months after it debuted . " And it 's a good indicator of how much good stuff there is for the watching , he adds . "  You have to look at the positives . This year , people are taking for granted that Louis C.K. got nominated or ` Top of the Lake , ' " he said . "  I think the arguments people are making for snubs this year were a little ticky-tack and reflected how things like Twitter have made us all TV critics . " ` Mass ' or ` class ' ? This does n't mean the Emmys ca n't provide negative indicators , though . The most notable is , of course , the struggle for broadcast network shows to make the Emmy cut . For all of the discussion about audience declines and new paradigms , the broadcast networks still draw relatively large audiences for their biggest hits . "  NCIS , " for example , draws more than 20 million people a week , and even "  Grey 's Anatomy , " which has been in a slow audience decline for years , still pulls 11 million viewers each week . However , of the 12 shows nominated for best comedy and best drama , only three are on commercial broadcast networks .  A fourth , "  Downton Abbey , " is on PBS . It 's the cable shows , with their hard-core fan bases and chattering-class chatter , that get most of the buzz . That does n't necessarily help boost ratings for the Emmy Awards , which try to appeal to all TV watchers . It 's the same problem the Oscars face when the Motion Picture Academy nominates a bunch of worthy , but low-grossing , films : Without the draw of blockbuster nominees , water-cooler interest wanes .  And so do ratings . But the broadcast networks have n't helped their cause , says Greenwald . "  The real tragedy is the way the networks have not been able to make the pivot , " he said . "  What they do best is reach as many people as possible , but what they 've been doing is either reaching for the lowest common denominator or trying to lurch themselves into being like cable , which never works out well for anyone . " In picking the winners , the Television Academy has also risked alienating its audience , says O'Neil . "  The one thing you can usually count on with Emmy voting is unabashed elitism and snobbism , " he said . The shows that win , he points out , are "  highly styled , very upscale , aspirational shows . " That explains why a show like "  Roseanne , " the top-rated sitcom that won a slew of other honors during its long run -- including a Peabody -- never won the Emmy for best comedy series . With its brassy lead and working-class setting , "  It represented all the things that made  Emmy voters  disgusted , " O'Neil said . Expect the unexpected What could raise interest in the Emmys ? The show could add more nominees to its major categories , as the Oscars have done for best picture . That would allow it to welcome a broader range of shows , whether low-rated but passionately watched programs such as "  Orphan Black " or popular , well-crafted but overlooked dramas such as "  Blue Bloods . " But an even more intriguing idea would be to have an additional category -- call it "  Outstanding Series " or "  Show of the Year " -- that throws every major nominee , as well as some fan picks , into the mix . It could be the Emmy equivalent of the NCAA basketball tournament or the Grammys ' many-genre album of the year category . Greenwald likes the idea . "  I think it would be a very good reflection of how we watch TV now , " he said . "  That would be fascinating to watch . " But , in the meantime , we 'll just have to make do with the nominees and categories we have , not the nominees and categories we want . Goldderby 's O'Neil , for one , does n't expect too many surprises : "  Breaking Bad " for best drama , "  Modern Family " for best comedy and the usual bunch of trophies for HBO -- which won 20 on Sunday at the Creative Arts Emmys , where many categories were presented .  CNN 's original series "  Anthony Bourdain Parts Unknown " won two awards . And , despite the presence of host Neil Patrick Harris , ratings may take a beating , thanks to a face-off against TV 's No. 1 show -- that would be NBC 's "  Sunday Night Football " -- and the penultimate episode of "  Breaking Bad " on AMC . But , O'Neil adds , you never know . There are any number of tea leaves that indicate one thing and then do n't pan out at all . It 's enough to actually create some excitement . "  You stop using logic , " he said . "  This is the Emmys . " The 65th Emmy Awards are scheduled to air Sunday on CBS from Los Angeles ' Nokia Theatre .	The Emmy Awards often fall short of capturing fan excitement for certain shows With more choices of what to watch -- and when -- many quality shows get overlooked Still , the Emmys appeal to many viewers
Mental Floss  -- Major League Baseball 's umpires are all over the news after a spate of , er , questionable calls throughout this postseason . Despite larger postseason umpiring crews that include two extra umps in the outfield , it feels like an inordinate number of calls have gone the wrong way . All of these gaffes have prompted renewed debate about whether baseball should start using instant replay . How could umps blow this many calls that are so obvious when viewed in slow motion ? Are n't these guys trained professionals ? Are they handsomely rewarded ? What do we really know about the men in blue , anyway ? After some spotty officiating in the NFL last fall , we did some digging on the officials in the four major sports . Here 's what we found : They make good money A National Football League ref can make anywhere from $ 25,000 to $ 70,000 a season , although since most of the games are on Sundays , they can also have other jobs during the week .  We 'll get to those in a minute . That cash comes with responsibilities , though . In addition to relaying the calls to the teams and fans , a ref is also the crew chief , or leader , of the seven-man officiating team that also includes an umpire , a field judge , a back judge , a line judge , a side judge , and a head linesman . Officials in other sports pull down more loot , but they have much more grueling schedules ... • Baseball . According to MLB.com , MLB umpires get around $ 120,000 when they start out in the big leagues , and senior umps can earn upwards of $ 300,000 . Between spring training , a 162-game schedule , and the postseason , being an MLB ump is a job that takes up most of the year . They are , however , well cared-for while on the road . Each ump gets a $ 340 per diem to cover hotel and food , and when they fly , it 's always first class . Working a full postseason can tack on an extra $ 20,000 , plus expenses . They also get four weeks of paid vacation during the regular season . These guys hang onto their jobs , too ; on average , there 's only one opening for a new big league ump each season . • Basketball . National Basketball Association refs are similarly well compensated . They earn anywhere from $ 100,000 to $ 300,000 for an 82-game season . There are some nice fringe benefits , too ; when referee Tim Donaghy admitted to helping gamblers fix games , the NBA asked that he repay other benefits he 'd pulled in over the course of his 13-year career , including $ 750 worth of sneakers and $ 4500 worth of free tickets . • Hockey . If you can skate and survive the occasional lockout , National Hockey League ref is hardly a bad job . Refs make between $ 110,000 and $ 255,000 while linesmen earn from $ 72,000 to $ 162,000 . Mental Floss : Stories behind all 30 NHL team names NFL refs have day jobs Since NFL refs only work one day each week , they can have "  real " jobs to supplement what they earn on any given Sunday . Some of them actually have pretty interesting jobs . • Mike Carey , my personal favorite ref , is an entrepreneur and inventor who holds eight patents for snow sports apparel . He founded and co-owns Seirus Innovation , a ski apparel company . • Walt Coleman is infamous in Oakland for being the ref in the "  Tuck Rule Game , " but he 's also a fifth-generation dairy farmer who once held the position of president of the Arkansas Dairy Products Association . • Walter Anderson became an official in the league in 1996 and got the promotion to referee in 2003 . Prior to becoming a referee , he was better known as Dr. Walt Anderson , a dentist . • Tony Corrente is probably used to dealing with unruly crowds of guys from his day job as a high-school social studies teacher . • If Jeff Triplette seems hard to scare on the field , it 's probably because he 's seen worse . He was an Army Reserve colonel during the Persian Gulf War , where he was awarded a bronze star . Mental Floss : What 's with those AFL throwback uniforms ? • Bill Leavy is similarly tough ; he spent 27 years as a police officer and firefighter in San Jose . • Ron Winter 's not just a ref , he 's also an associate professor in Western Michigan University 's phys . ed . department . • Gene Steratore must love how he looks in stripes . In addition to being an NFL ref , he officiates NCAA hoops games and has drawn March Madness assignments in previous seasons . • And when Ed Hochuli is n't officiating a game  or working out  , you might find him in a courtroom . He 's a trial lawyer in the Arizona firm Jones , Skelton , and Hochuli , which employs over 80 attorneys . It 's a long climb to the top How does one become a ref ? Most of these guys have humble beginnings as officials . Carey started officiating Pop Warner games in 1972 and gradually worked his way up through the college ranks . Eventually , he became an NFL side judge in 1990 and received a promotion to NFL referee , the pinnacle of football officiating , in 1995 . Hochuli started as a Pop Warner ref in the early 1970s ; he was a law school student who needed a little extra pocket cash . He then slowly made his way up through high school , junior college , and small conference college ball before getting a Pac-10 gig . He eventually made it to the NFL in 1990 . It 's a slow build , but if you stick it out long enough and have some natural talent , you can be the one patting his head to signal an ineligible receiver downfield . Still not convinced it 's a tough ride ? In a recent op-ed in The New York Times , former baseball commissioner Fay Vincent cited the paltry salaries for minor-league umps : just $ 9500 for a five-month season for junior umpires , and only $ 20,000 a season for guys who have risen all the way to Triple A ball . Mental Floss : 31 unbelievable high school mascots For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	NFL ref makes from $ 25,000 to $ 70,000 a season , working mostly Sundays Other jobs held by some NFL refs include farmer , inventor and dentist MLB.com says umpires get about $ 120,000 when they start out in the big league NBA refs earn anywhere from $ 100,000 to $ 300,000 for an 82-game season
CNN  -- The United States will deploy additional ground-based missile interceptors on the West Coast as part of efforts to enhance the nation 's ability to defend itself from attack by North Korea , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel announced Friday . Still relatively new in his post , the Pentagon chief told reporters that 14 additional interceptors to be installed by 2017 would bring the total to 44 . It is part of a package of steps expected to cost $ 1 billion , officials said . "  The reason that we are doing what we are doing and the reason we are advancing our program here for homeland security is to not take any chances , is to stay ahead of the threat and to assure any contingency , " Hagel said . North Korea says it 's the victim of ` intensive ' cyberattacks Friday 's move came after North Korea recently threatened a pre-emptive nuclear attack on South Korea and the United States in response to stepped-up U.N. Security Council sanctions over its latest nuclear test last month . In December , North Korea successfully launched a long-range rocket for the first time under what the United States and other Western nations say was the guise of putting a satellite into orbit . Moreover , Pentagon officials said they became concerned about a mobile missile spotted in a parade last April . The KN-08 missile can be moved around the country and hidden , making it harder to detect compared to a missile on a launch pad . "  We believe the KN-08 does have the range to reach the United States , " said Adm. James Winnefeld . North Korea also said last week it was nullifying the joint declaration on the de-nuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . One of the country 's top generals , according to published reports , claims Pyongyang has nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missiles that are ready to be fired . While Hagel said the steps he announced were aimed at addressing the threat from North Korea and Iran , the focus was clearly on the potential for North Korea to some day follow through on its belligerent rhetoric . Iran also is believed to be continuing its efforts to develop nuclear weapon capability . Military and White House officials have said current U.S. missile defenses are adequate for the present level of threat , and President Barack Obama said in an interview with ABC News this week that he does not think North Korea can carry out a missile attack on the United States . "  They probably ca n't but we do n't like the margin of error , " Obama said . Hagel said Friday that U.S. missile defense systems in place provide protection from "  limited ICBM attacks , " but added that "  North Korea , in particular , has recently made advances in its capabilities and has engaged in a series of irresponsible and reckless provocations . " However , Joe Cirincione of the Ploughshares Fund told CNN the planned expansion would only spend more money on a system that does n't work to protect against a still unrealized North Korean threat . The existing missile defense system was "  deeply flawed , " said Cirincione , whose foundation opposes nuclear weapons . He added that North Korea was "  years away from the ability to field a missile with a nuclear warhead that could hit the United States . " Hagel acknowledged a problem with the guidance system of missile interceptors and said further testing would occur this year . "  We certainly will not go forward with the additional 14 interceptors until we are sure that we have the complete confidence that we will need , " Hagel said . "  But the American people should be assured that our interceptors are effective . " He also announced the military will work with Japan to increase radar capability to improve early warning and tracking of any missile launched from North Korea . North Koreans ready to ` rain bullets on the enemy ' Asked how China would react to Hagel 's announcement , Undersecretary of Defense for Policy James Miller said : " I hope that they understand that we need to take steps to protect ourselves from potential threats from Iran and North Korea . " Part of the move announced by Hagel would involve reopening a missile field at Fort Greely , Alaska . In 2011 , the Pentagon mothballed Missile Field 1 , acting on direction from the Obama administration . Instead of permanently decommissioning it , the Defense Missile Agency placed it in a non-operational state . Pentagon officials testified at a budget hearing at the time that hardening and reactivating the six silos in Missile Field 1 would take two years and cost approximately $ 200 million . Pentagon officials testified then that "  there are no current threats dictating the need , nor plans to reactivate MF-1 in the future . " Republican congressional sources told CNN that they argued against the move . "  North Korea was doing all sorts of things we could n't talk about publicly back then , " said one GOP congressional official who is privy to intelligence briefings . "  The intelligence did not change . This is right where we expected North Korea to be . It takes about two years to order and take delivery of a new interceptor . That 's why you have to be ahead of the threat . " In his State of the Union address last month , Obama said the United States would "  stand by our allies , strengthen our own missile defense and lead the world in taking firm action in response to these threats . " Last week , Miller told the Atlantic Council that "  North Korea 's shrill public pronouncements underscore the need for the U.S. to continue to take prudent steps to defeat any future North Korean " intercontinental ballistic missile . A look at North Korea 's escalating rhetoric CNN 's Tom Cohen , Elise Labott , Jill Dougherty and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	Steps to expand missile defenses will cost $ 1 billion Defense Secretary Hagel says 14 more missile interceptors will be deployed by 2017 NEW : N. Korea rocket launch , nuke test , mobile missile and threats prompt action U.S. to work with Japan to increase radar capability to improve early warning , tracking
CNN  -- Bill Maher , the man famous for hating religion , is now becoming infamous for hating one religion in particular : Islam . On last week 's episode of his HBO show , "  Real Time , " Maher got into a heated exchange with Ben Affleck over Maher 's use of sweeping generalizations to define Islam . In fact , Affleck went as far as to dub Maher 's views of Muslims as "  gross " and "  racist . "  Maher had no Muslims on the panel in discussing Islam -- but that is typical for his show . Maher 's anti-Muslim comments are nothing new . I first noticed Maher 's Muslim problem in 2010 when he said on his show , "  The most popular name in the United Kingdom , Great Britain -- this was in the news this week -- was Mohammed . Am I a racist to feel that I 'm alarmed by that ? Because I am . ... I do n't have to apologize , do I , for not wanting the Western world to be taken over by Islam in 300 years ? " This was not about so called "  radical Islam . " Rather , Maher seemed alarmed that Muslims were growing in population . Flash forward to 2012 , when Maher discussed how women are unfairly treated in certain Muslim countries , which is truly an issue deserving of discussion . But Maher chose not to rely on facts ; instead , he offered anecdotal evidence to support his argument , saying things like , "  Talk to women who 've ever dated an Arab man . The results are not good . " Well , my Sicilian mother not only dated an Arab man , she married him . And by all accounts , "  the results " were great . Maher kept on advancing stereotypes about an entire people based on little evidence . He ratcheted up his anti-Muslim commentary while a guest on "  Charlie Rose " last month . He said that it is "  naive " to think that Islam is n't more violent than other religions and mocked President Obama for commenting that the terror group ISIS was not Islamic . Maher 's remarks dismayed American Muslims across the country but won applause from all the hosts on Fox News ' "  The Five . " When you 're a progressive and a gaggle of Fox News hosts praises your views , you know something is seriously wrong . In recent weeks on his show , Maher gave us a long rant rallying liberals to stand up to Islam . For support , he cited the high instance of female genital mutilation in the Muslim-majority countries of Somalia and Egypt . Look , I agree with Maher that FGM is horrific . But as religious scholar Reza Aslan pointed out on CNN , FGM is based on African culture -- not Islam . African Christian-majority nations also have very high rates of FGM . In fact , there are far fewer reported cases of FGM in Muslim nations outside of Africa . Maher continued his personal jihad by claiming that Islam is like the Mafia , in that you will be killed if you attempt to leave the faith . Maher then cited a Pew Research poll that he claimed found that 90 % of Egyptians supported the death penalty for those who left Islam . I 'm not sure where Maher got his numbers , but a 2013 Pew poll actually found only 64 % of Egyptians supported this -- still alarmingly high , but not 90 % . More importantly , Egypt does not define the Muslim world . Rather , Egypt is simply one of 47 Muslim-majority nations . That same poll found that in Turkey , a nation that has almost as many Muslims as Egypt , less than 5 % supported the death penalty for leaving Islam . Maher also has left out that only 13 Muslim nations have penalties for apostasy , while 34 do not . So who truly defines Islam ? To Maher , clearly it 's the worst of our faith . That 's something you would expect to hear from a far-right bigot , not a liberal . New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof , who was also a guest on last week 's show , attempted to make that very point . Kristof , who was interrupted before finishing his thought , remarked about Maher 's comments on Islam : "  This does have a tinge a little bit of how white racists talk about African-Americans . " Kristof was right . How can Maher not see that he 's mimicking that same type of hateful mindset ? I 'm all for a discussion of the need to reform the laws in certain Muslim countries , especially on issues of rights for women , minority faiths and gays . But painting all Muslims by the most extreme of our faith is wrong . This is the kind of bigotry that Maher would 've rallied against in the past . My fellow liberals should no longer give Maher a pass . His continuous drumbeat of reckless comments about Muslims is contributing to a climate where American Muslims are increasingly seen as "  the other " -- or worse , as the enemy . Just because Maher is progressive on certain issues does not excuse his bigotry on this issue .	Dean Obeidallah : Bill Maher is becoming infamous for bashing Islamic religion Obeidallah : Maher has made a series of anti-Muslim comments that some call racist Painting all Muslims by the most extreme of our faith is wrong and reckless , he writes Obeidallah : Just because Maher is progressive does not excuse his bigotry on this issue
Oklahoma City , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Oklahoma voters are considering an unusual question that will appear on their ballots this Tuesday : whether Islamic law can be used in considering cases in state court . The question is the doing of State Rep. Rex Duncan . The Republican is the main author of State Question 755 , also known as the "  Save our State " constitutional amendment , one of 11 questions on the state ballot . The question might seem a befuddling one for a ballot in the heartland , but it stems from a New Jersey legal case in which a Muslim woman went to a family court asking for a restraining order against her spouse claiming he had raped her repeatedly . The judge ruled against her , saying that her husband was abiding by his Muslim beliefs regarding spousal duties . The decision was later overruled by an appellate court , but the case sparked a firestorm . Duncan secured support for the proposal on the state 's Senate side from fellow Republican Anthony Sykes , who co-authored the measure . "  The fact that Sharia law was even considered anywhere in the United States is enough for me " to sign on , Sykes told CNN . "  It should scare anyone that any judge in America would consider using that as precedent . " Sykes said his concern was compounded by Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan 's comments during her confirmation hearings in June that she would be willing to consider international law when considering cases before the court . Saleem Quraishi , president of the American Muslim Association of Oklahoma City who runs the Islamic Center at the Grand Mosque of Oklahoma City , said there are more than 5,000 Muslims in the city . While there are no exact numbers for the Muslim population in the state , it is not among the larger communities , said Ibrahim Hooper of the Council on American-Islamic Relations "  It 's just fear mongering ; it 's nothing , " Quraishi told CNN . "  What 's Sharia law have to do with Oklahoma ? " Some 1,200 Muslims from India , Bangladesh , the Middle East , Africa and elsewhere participate in services at the Islamic Center of Oklahoma City , according to Quraishi The facility , founded by Oklahoma City cardiologist M.A. Shakir , has been open for about two years . Another Islamic center is just two miles away . Quraishi insists that Islam does not allow for men to mistreat women , and that the New Jersey case involved a "  crazy , loony man , unfortunately a Muslim . " "  That is not Islam , " he said . "  Oklahoma , you know , is a very Republican state , " Quraishi said . He accused some lawmakers with attempting to instill fear in the heads of constituents in order to drum up votes . "  But Oklahomans are not like that . I know most of the Oklahomans . They 're very nice people . " As written on the ballot , the measure states it would amend a state constitution section dealing with the state courts , making them "  rely on federal and state law when deciding cases , forbidding them "  from considering or using international law " and "  from considering or using Sharia Law . " The ballot then briefly describes international law , which "  deals with the conduct of international organizations and independent nations , such as countries , states and tribes , " and Sharia , which is "  based on two principal sources , the Koran and the teaching of Mohammed . " "  Shall the proposal be approved ? " the ballot reads , instructing voters to respond ` yes ' if they 're for the proposal and ` no ' if they 're against it . Former U.S. Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich touched on the issue during a speech to the fifth annual Values Voter Summit in Washington in September . "  I am totally opposed to any effort to impose Sharia on the United States , and we should have a federal law that says under no circumstance , in any jurisdiction in the United States , will Sharia be used in any court to apply to any judgment made about American law , " Gingrich said . Oklahoma 's proposed constitutional amendment coincides with heated discussion regarding a 13-story Islamic Center planned for two blocks from the World Trade Center site in New York City . The state had its own encounter with terrorism in 1995 when the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building was struck by a bomb . Timothy McVeigh was convicted for the attack , which killed 168 people , including 19 children . McVeigh was not a Muslim . The activist group Act for America , a self-described issues advocacy organization , recently launched a $ 45,000 grass-roots campaign in Oklahoma to urge voters to support State Question 755 . The group sponsored a one-minute radio ad airing across the state that warns against Sharia . In the ad , a voice says , "  A husband was brutally beating and raping his wife several times a day . Desperate to save her life , this Muslim woman sought a restraining order against him . But the judge ruled against her , saying her husband had not committed a crime . " The commercial then said this case happened not in Saudi Arabia or Iran , but in New Jersey . "  This is just one chilling example of how Islamic Sharia law has begun to penetrate America , " the ad continued . "  Help us stop Sharia law from coming to Oklahoma . " The group is also sponsoring automated phone calls to Oklahoma voters from former CIA director and Oklahoma native James Woolsey . "  We must realize there is a major campaign in Europe to impose Sharia law and Sharia is beginning to be cited in a few U.S courts . It is completely incompatible with our Constitution , " says Woolsey , who also says that he is not advocating interference with Muslims practicing their religion . Despite the publicity , many Oklahomans are unfamiliar with the proposed amendment , which is largely overshadowed by another ballot question proposing that the state annually fund public education to a minimum of the per-student average of neighboring states . Another proposal , Question 751 , would make English the official language of Oklahoma . Those voters who are familiar with the Sharia initiative are largely inclined to vote for it , but few who spoke with CNN were very excited about it . Diana Anderson , a legal assistant , said she supports the measure . "  I do n't know that it would make much difference , but if there is something that comes up that has to do with Islamic law , or treating women that way , I do n't want them to be treated badly and I do n't want us to have any problem with the way they treat them in court either , " Anderson said . Lawyer Bill Price said he would probably vote for the proposal , but he does n't feel strongly about it one way or the other . "  I do n't think there 's much of a chance of Sharia law becoming any kind of law in Oklahoma , " said Price . "  There are much more important issues . " Sykes admits the notion of Sharia taking precedence in Oklahoma 's courts is not looming on voters ' minds . "  It 's not a problem and we want to keep it that way , " he said . "  And we hope this state question will have that effect , to make it crystal clear that that 's not to be considered in Oklahoma , nor is international law . "	Ballot proposal would ban Sharia from being considered in Oklahoma courts A New Jersey judge who took Muslim beliefs into account sparked the proposal "  It 's just fear mongering , " a Muslim leader says
CNN  -- Obviously , we 're kidding with the headline , but President Barack Obama spent the bulk of his wedding anniversary apart from the first lady this year â $ " and his motorcade nearly ruined another couple 's big day , too . Speaking at a campaign rally on Friday for Massachusetts gubernatorial hopeful Martha Coakley , Michelle Obama said she may not get to see her husband on their anniversary because they 're both traveling . "  It just happens to be our 22nd anniversary today , " Michelle Obama told the audience . "  This is how important these elections are to us , because I might not even see him today because I 'm on the road and he 's on the road . " It 's not the first time their anniversary fell on a less-than-perfect date . Two years ago , they had their 20th on the same day Obama was roundly criticized for his performance in the first presidential debate with GOP nominee Mitt Romney . Last year , the couple 's special date came amid the government shutdown and as the Obamacare website was making headlines for its massive glitches . The President , who was speaking Friday at a steel factory in Indiana , was congratulated by an audience member after his speech . "  Thank you , " Obama said . "  Twenty-two years she 's been putting up with me . " Obama , who flies back to Washington on Friday night , went on to spell out some advice he recently gave to a young newlywed couple . "  I said , ` It takes about 10 years to train a man properly , so you got to be patient with him because he will screw up a bunch , but eventually we learn , it just takes a little longer . We are not as smart ' . So , Michelle has been very patient with me , " he said . Speaking of patience , a groom in Chicago on Thursday waited anxiously at the altar as his bride was stuck in traffic caused by the President 's motorcade . The bride-to-be , Debra-Ann Robinson , was stuck on Lake Shore Drive for half an hour , Robinson told Fox 32 . Her groom waited at Cook County 's Marriage Court , worried they would miss their slotted wedding time . Meanwhile , Robinson stood outside her car with other halted commuters , at least one of whom tweeted a photo of the stranded bride in traffic . The couple eventually got married Thursday , and their dramatic wedding story was featured on the local news that night . . CNN 's Ashley Killough , Chloe Sommers and Eric Weisbrod contributed to this report .	Friday marks the first couple 's 22nd anniversary President Obama 's motorcade delays a wedding in Chicago Obama and his wife are traveling Friday and may not get to celebrate
A group of Portuguese-speaking countries plans to meet Saturday to discuss a coup that roiled the tiny nation of Guinea-Bissau , plunging it into more chaos after nearly four decades of instability . Foreign ministers from the Community of Portuguese-Speaking Countries group will discuss the coup at a gathering in Lisbon . Guinea-Bissau is a member of the group . The group also includes Portugal , Angola , Mozambique and Brazil . Meanwhile , the military has called all of the country 's political parties -- "  without exception " -- to hold a meeting Saturday , said Daba Naualna , a spokesman for the army 's chief of staff . "  The situation is normal . We are trying to find a solution , " Naualna told CNN . Regarding the Lisbon talks , Naualna said that the military is following them . "  It is very far from Guinea-Bissau , " he added . Coups and coup attempts are common in Guinea-Bissau since it won its independence from Portugal in 1974 . In the latest coup , soldiers arrested the acting president and prime minister , a military spokesman said Friday , as gunfire and explosions rocked the capital of Bissau . President Raimundo Pereira and Prime Minister Carlos Gomes Jr. were taken into custody Thursday night , sparking international condemnation . Both leaders are well and alive , said Naualna . He said a group called the military command was behind the arrests , though it was unclear who its members are . Leaders of the nation 's armed forces have taken control of the nation to ensure stability , according to the spokesman . "  The  army chief of staff  thinks , for the sake of the country , that power can not fall into the streets and decided to have  the military  play its part in seeking solutions with the political class to resolve this crisis , " the spokesman said . Military leaders said they have no desire to "  stay in power " and asked political parties to send ideas on what to do next by Sunday , the spokesman said . A meeting will take place that day to discuss the proposals . World leaders condemned the coup , which occurred just before the second round of a presidential election set for April 29 . The African Union , the United Nations and the United States called for a return to civilian rule and demanded the release of the leaders . U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said the United States was "  deeply concerned " about the safety of residents . "  We urge all parties to put down their weapons , release government leaders immediately , and restore the legitimate civilian leadership , " he said . "  We remain deeply concerned about the safety of the country 's interim president , senior figures , and others who may be put in harm 's way because of these actions , " the White House said in a statement . In a statement , the military command said the revolt was in response to a "  secret deal " between the government and Angola . This "  deal " was drawn up to allow Angolan troops in the country to attack Guinea-Bissau 's military , " a communique from the group said . This group says the president and the prime minister signed the deal and accuses the African Union , whose rotating presidency is currently held by Angola , of supporting intervention by Angolan forces . Guinea-Bissau 's history has been marked by several military coups and these conflicts have ravaged its infrastructure and economy , leaving it among the poorest in the world . The nation 's first round of voting in a presidential election was held in March , and campaigning for the second round was about to begin . The election was prompted by the death of the incumbent Malam Bacai Sanha in January after a long illness . Residences of the prime minister and some government ministers were looted , witnesses said . Public media outlets are under the control of the army and are regularly broadcasting statements from the military , witnesses said Friday . Angola , also a former Portuguese colony , issued a statement earlier this week stating its intention to unilaterally withdraw its troops . A number of Angolan troops are in the country to help reform the country 's armed forces , Angola said . Sanha had become president in September 2009 after the assassination of his predecessor . Despite his coming to power in what international observers deemed a fair and peaceful election , his tenure was marked by turmoil among the country 's military and political leadership . To date , no democratically elected president of the country has served a full , five-year term .	All of Guinea-Bissau 's political parties are ordered to meet on Saturday too Guinea-Bissau has had several coups since it gained independence in 1974 A military spokesman says the acting president and prime minister are detained He says no one was hurt or killed despite gunfire and explosions
CNN  -- It 's hard to overstate how frustrated Republicans have been over the last few years by their failure to gin up a juicy Obama administration scandal . They tried with Solyndra and "  Fast and Furious , " but those turned out to be gigantic nothing burgers . Well now at last , they may have something , in either Benghazi or the IRS targeting conservative groups . Unlike Benghazi , where even the Republicans claiming it was "  worse than Watergate " ca n't quite say what the misconduct was  unless you consider squabbling over talking points to be a nefarious and earth-shattering crime  , the IRS affair is pretty straightforward . From what we know , employees in the Cincinnati IRS office singled out conservative groups applying for tax-exempt status for extra scrutiny . If that turns out to be true , then it was absolutely wrong and the people responsible should be held to account , as everyone in both parties up to and including President Obama has agreed . But this controversy shines a light on a larger problem in the way our tax system interacts with our political system . Obama says some IRS employees ` failed , ' order accountability Many Americans are probably hearing the term "  501  c   4  " for the first time , but a full context requires understanding two related types of groups . The first is 501  c   3  groups , which are charities that are supposed to have no involvement in partisan politics ; the second are the 501  c   4  groups , which are permitted to be a little more involved in the political process , with more latitude for lobbying and electioneering . If you make a contribution to a 501  c   3  organization , it 's tax deductible , but a contribution to a 501  c   4  is n't .  Both kinds of groups are charitable entities that do n't have to pay taxes on the money they take in . In its 2010 Citizens United decision , the Supreme Court declared that 501  c   4  organizations would now be permitted to engage in "  express advocacy " during election campaigns , meaning they could explicitly urge the election or defeat of candidates for office . Nevertheless , 501  c   4  groups are still supposed to be primarily nonpolitical and devoted to "  social welfare . " They can engage in some politics , but it 's supposed to be a minority of their activities . Even before Citizens United , however , the law in this area was flouted so routinely that it made a mockery of the IRS mandate to keep charitable organizations from being partisan . Though they exist all over the country , Washington in particular is full of organizations whose partisan political purpose is apparent to everyone , but which nonetheless are considered "  social welfare " groups . Some exist to advance conservative ideology , and some exist to advance liberal ideology . Opinion : Obama 's second-term curse ? Not so fast Everyone in the organization , with the possible exception of the receptionist or the deputy assistant IT director , comes from the same party . When election season rolls around , their efforts turn to the campaign . If the group focuses on economic policy , it will issue reports on why the tax plans offered by the other side 's candidate are bogus . If it 's a foreign policy group , its representatives will assail the foreign policy record of the other side . If the organization is big enough , it might even be set up as two organizations , a 501  c   3  that can accept tax-deductible contributions and a 501  c   4  that ca n't . They 'll both be in the same office , run by the same people . There are multiple organizations that use this structure . For example , on the right you have the Heritage Foundation and its  c   4  twin , Heritage Action , just like on the left you have the Center for American Progress and its  c   4  twin , the Center for American Progress Action Fund . Whatever the spirit of the law , dancing close to , but not over , the line of what 's permissible in the law 's letter is a daily concern for groups like these . As long as you 're careful about how you phrase your communication  "  candidate Smith 's tax plan is a disaster " is fine ; "  No one should vote for candidate Smith " is a no-no  , the IRS will probably leave you alone . But after Citizens United , things changed . Groups like Heritage and the Center for American Progress are large organizations that do many different kinds of work on all kinds of issues . But now there are organizations with virtually no purpose other than influencing elections that apply for tax-exempt status , claiming that they 'll be engaging only in "  education " or "  research . " You may have heard , for instance , of Crossroads GPS , the group Karl Rove and other Republican strategists created to help defeat Barack Obama in the 2012 election . It had a counterpart on the Democratic side , a group started by former Obama staffers called Priorities USA . Both raised tens of millions of dollars , which they spent on dueling ads in the presidential campaign . Yet both Crossroads GPS and Priorities USA applied to the IRS as 501  c   4  "  social welfare " organizations , claiming that politics was n't their primary purpose . If you believe that , I have a bridge in Brooklyn I 'd love to sell you . But if their attorneys craft the language in their applications carefully enough , the IRS will approve their application . IRS approval of 501  c   4  status means not only that the organizations do n't have to pay taxes , but also , unlike super PACs , they do n't have to disclose their donors -- and keeping your donors secret is one of the chief attractions of the 501  c   4  . The danger now is that because of this affair , instead of scrutinizing all 501  c   4  applications regardless of the applicants ' ideological perspective , a chastened IRS will let more and more applications slide by with minimal inspection . "  Dark money , " so called because 501  c   4  s do n't have to reveal their donors , could come to dominate our elections even more than it has since 2010 . We could see the blooming of a thousand weeds , as everyone who wants to pour money into campaigns while hiding their identity starts a 501  c   4  under the fiction of "  social welfare , " and the IRS wo n't stop them . The IRS obviously needs better internal controls to ensure that it treats all groups by the same standards . But one reason this misconduct occurred was that after Citizens United , the IRS was deluged with thousands of applications for 501  c   4  tax-exempt status , and many of the organizations were obviously political groups claiming to be "  social welfare " organizations . If we 're going to have a special set of rules for groups focused on elections and lobbying -- which we should -- then we need rules that mark clearer lines between political and nonpolitical activity , and an agency with the will and the resources to enforce them . This scandal could be an opportunity to make the system work better . Or it could cause it to deteriorate even further . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Waldman .	Paul Waldman : Republicans looking for a juicy Obama administration scandal Beyond obvious wrongdoing , IRS scandal sheds light on flawed system , he says Laws allow obviously political groups to pose as social welfare organizations , he says Waldman : Expanding this loophole would allow more "  dark money " into politics
CNN  -- If voters in the United Kingdom were offered the chance tomorrow , in a snap referendum , to change the name of the nation to "  Team GB " the result would hardly be in doubt . Such is the mood of euphoria fostered by the country 's gold medal-winning performers , and London 's successful staging of an Olympic Games that some had predicted would become the latest in a long tradition of Great British cockups , that a country more used to wallowing in sporting failure is waking up to the unfamiliar feeling of giving itself a collective pat on the back . A little more than two weeks ago , London was a city pregnant with angst , the final preparations dogged by a security scandal that required 18,000 military personnel -- almost double the number of British troops currently deployed in Afghanistan -- to be drafted in to guard venues , fears of transport meltdown and lingering arguments over spiralling costs and an uncertain legacy . Now all of that has largely been pushed aside . Even self-styled sporting skeptics have been forced to abandon all pretense of curmudgeonliness as the nation basks in a self-congratulatory golden glow . "  Admittedly I 'm the guy who wrote that I 'd rather drink paint than have to sit in a stand and watch this stuff , but that was last week and the world has since changed , " wrote Hugo Rifkind , summing up the endorphin-fueled mood swing in the Times newspaper . At a constellation of sites clustered around the Greenwich Meridian , London delivered a stellar spectacle that largely ran like clockwork . The showcase Olympic Park proved an elegant setting as Usain Bolt cemented his claim to be the all-conquering , swaggering sporting icon of his generation by defending his 100 - and 200-meter sprint titles , and Michael Phelps confirmed his status as the greatest Olympian in history , adding four golds and two silvers to his total haul of 22 medals . Elsewhere , beach volleyball , played out incongruously amid austere ministries of government and not a little sniggering from the stands , served up a novelty hit in a country where beaches are more associated with donkey rides than bikinis , while the city 's landmarks and parks offered telegenic backdrops and enthusiastic crowds whenever the games ventured onto the streets , culminating Sunday in a men 's marathon bathed in sunshine . These were an open-minded and progressive games , in which a handful of women from Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Brunei competed for the first time , and where the double amputee Oscar Pistorius , nicknamed Bladerunner , bestrode the gap between Olympics and Paralympics , by representing South Africa on the track . Yet the ultimate success and atmosphere of any major sporting event inevitably hangs on the fortunes of the hosts , and in this regard British competitors could hardly have delivered more . A tally of 29 gold medals and third place in the medals table represented Team GB 's best performance at an Olympiad since 1908 , leaving the country 's traditional sporting antagonists such as Australia , Germany and France flailing in its wake . In cycling , London 's homegrown hero Bradley Wiggins achieved cult status by riding to victory in the time trial just days after he had become the first British winner of the Tour de France . In the velodrome , home riders raced to seven of the 10 gold medals on offer , prompting frenzied French speculation that the British had developed "  magic wheels . " But it was a glorious Saturday night in the main stadium that would be Team GB 's defining moment , as heptathlete Jessica Ennis , long jumper Greg Rutherford and 10,000-meter runner Mo Farah all won gold in quick succession . In the disparate backgrounds of the country 's champions , some saw further proof of the sort of self-confident , inclusive society that Danny Boyle had sought to capture in an opening ceremony widely acclaimed as "  bonkers and eccentric " but dismissed as "  multicultural crap " by one right-wing lawmaker . Asked by a journalist whether he would prefer to be representing his country of birth , Farah , who left war-torn Somalia for London when he was a young boy and who would subsequently also stride to gold in the 5,000 meters , seemed to sum it up : "  Look , mate , this is my country . This is where I grew up , this is where I started life . This is my country and when I put on my Great Britain vest , I 'm proud . I 'm very proud . " Still , others also drew quiet inspiration from the performance of the flame-haired and freckled Rutherford . "  Seeing a ginger in the Olympics #hope , " one teenager posted on Twitter . Even some of the Games ' gaffes would prove triumphant vignettes . If all that was missing from the faux-green and pleasant land of Boyle 's tone-setting re-imagining of British history was a village idiot , the Olympic Village soon found a ready-made one in the bumbling figure of Boris Johnson . Photographed stranded on a zipwire high over east London , wearing an unflattering blue safety helmet and clutching a pair of Union flags , London 's maverick mayor proved himself immune to politics ' normal gravitational laws , returning to Earth to dodge questions about whether his "  good Olympics " had fueled prime ministerial ambitions . "  How could anybody elect a prat who gets stuck on a zip wire ? " was Johnson 's knowingly self-deprecating reply . For a city of London 's stature and international reputation , it might have surprised some observers that pessimists and doomsayers had been so confidently vocal in the buildup to the games . But British administrators had previous history of delivering dismally on grand projects , from the debacle of the unloved Millennium Dome -- re-purposed for the games as a basketball and gymnastics arena -- to the lengthy , budget-busting delays in rebuilding the Wembley football stadium , and the scrapping of plans to host the 2005 world athletics championships . Even Queen Elizabeth II 's rain-soaked Golden Jubilee in June , endured with stiff upper lip stoicism by monarch and monarchists alike , appeared to offer a foretaste of grim gray skies and the embarrassing spectacle of a once mighty imperial power in perpetual decline . More seriously , preparations for the games were inextricably linked to the 2005 London bombings that killed 52 people just one day after the city had celebrated winning hosting rights . Nagging fears of a further atrocity would justify a heavy-handed security operation that included the deployment of warships in the Thames , rocket batteries on rooftops and a no-fly zone in the skies overhead , and the confiscation of family picnics at the entry to Olympic sites . Ultimately though , the games can be judged to have delivered a cathartic and regenerative moment for a city which just one year ago found itself under scrutiny for the wrong reasons amid the worst urban unrest in decades . If the face of London then was of a hooded looter clutching a stolen television , now the legions of purple-shirted volunteers , widely hailed as the heart and soul of the games , have become ambassadors for a society seemingly more at ease with itself in all its colors and contradictions . Whether that spirit of goodwill can be kept alive when the afterglow has faded and Britons wake up to headlines about their worsening economic problems and a coalition government in deepening disarray remains to be seen . The wider United Kingdom , which mostly seemed to put regional rivalries and London-bashing aside for the duration of the games , still faces the existential threat posed by the 2014 referendum on Scottish independence , though the sight of gold medal-winning Scots such as Andy Murray and Chris Hoy posing with Union flags will have done no favours to the nationalist cause north of the English border . Attempting to make snap historical sense of seemingly seismic shifts in national mood is also a notoriously fickle business , and in the UK in particular there should be a wariness of getting caught up too exuberantly in the moment . The collective outpouring of grief that followed the death of Princess Diana in 1997 is now looked back on by many with bemusement , as is the brief "  Britpop " moment of the mid-1990s , dubbed "  Cool Britannia " by Vanity Fair magazine , which soon lost its lustre , exposed as a feeble parody of British music 's 60s heyday . Other countries to have experienced a similar bounce in fortunes on the back of sporting triumph have also struggled to cling to the moment . France 's celebrated victory on home soil at the 1998 World Cup , achieved by a team of black , white and Arab footballers , was widely hailed as a watershed moment for multiculturalism there , but few were still talking so complacently about social integration by the time the banlieues exploded into rioting in 2005 . London 's organizers , keen to distance themselves from the awesome projection of China 's growing power put on by Beijing in 2008 , were always modest about their expectations , choosing to draw instead on the spirit of the city 's post-war "  Austerity Games " in 1948 by pledging to host an event humbler in scale than its predecessor but warmer in tone . But , above and beyond that , the city triumphed in putting on a show rich in human spirit at its most optimistic that will shine with luminosity in the collective memory long after the extinguishing of the flame .	Britain widely hailed for its staging of 2012 Games , says Simon Hooper Hooper : All previous doubts over security and cost were brushed aside 2012 saw great achievements by male and female athletes Olympics have revitalized London , one year after riots , Hooper argues
CNN  -- On Thursday in Tampa , U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel presided over a change of command ceremony during which Adm. William "  Bill " McRaven handed over the reins of Special Operations Command to his successor , Gen. Joseph Votel . As McRaven stepped down he observed , "  We are in perilous times . " He pointed out that U.S. Special Operations Forces are helping to fight the fast-growing Islamic State in Iraq ; the al Qaeda-linked Abu Sayyaf in the Philippines ; the militant group Boko Haram in Nigeria , and al Qaeda and the Taliban in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region . McRaven also said , "  We are in the golden age of Special Operations " in which elements of the 67,000 men and women under his command have deployed to 92 countries . Now , after more than 3Â 1/2 decades working in the world of special operations , Bill McRaven , 58 , is retiring . In his next incarnation he will become chancellor of the University of Texas . As Hagel pointed out in his speech on Thursday that celebrated McRaven 's storied career , no one has written McRaven 's full history , but if it ever was to be written it "  would need to be heavily redacted " because so much of it took place in the "  black "  secret  arena . "  Revered " is the word you often hear about McRaven in the special operations community . That 's in part because even as a three-star admiral , about once a month in Afghanistan , McRaven went out with his teams on risky snatch-and-grab missions .  His predecessor as the commander of Joint Special Operations Command , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , also went out regularly on such missions and is similarly held in the highest regard . The book Hagel pointed out in his Thursday speech that McRaven also has "  literally written the book on Special Operations . " Indeed , McRraven 's 1995 book , "  Spec Ops , " is the standard text on the subject . It features lucid dissections of eight decisive special operations actions , ranging from the British forces who used midget submarines to badly damage the Tirpitz , a key Nazi battleship , in 1943 ; to the Nazi rescue the same year of the Italian dictator Benito Mussolini from his anti-Fascist captors ; to the raid at Entebbe in 1976 that freed Israeli hostages held in Uganda by Palestinian terrorists . For his book , McRaven interviewed many of the key participants in the raids that he examined , and he traveled to the sites of the operations . After a careful investigation of each raid , he identified six common principles that had made these operations a success : repetition , surprise , security , speed , simplicity and purpose . -- Repetition meant frequent and realistic rehearsals so that the "  friction " of actual battle was reduced . -- Surprise meant catching the enemy entirely off guard ; for example , the Nazi rescuers of Mussolini crash-landed gliders on a mountain near the hotel where the Fascist leader was being held and rescued him without a shot being fired . -- Security meant confining the knowledge of the operation to a small circle . -- Speed meant that "  relative superiority " over the enemy needed to be achieved in the first few minutes of the attack , and that the entire mission should be completed in no more than a half-hour . -- Simplicity ensured that the goal of the operation was well understood by each of the soldiers involved -- "  release the hostages " at Entebbe . -- Purpose meant that the soldiers were completely committed to the mission . But McRaven 's influence on "  spec ops " goes far beyond just the book he wrote . McRaven helped establish a curriculum at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey , California . And after taking up a job in the White House just weeks after 9/11 , he became one of the principal authors of the Bush administration 's counterterrorism strategy . During the Iraq War , McRaven led the shadowy Task Force 121 , which tracked down Saddam Hussein in December 2003 . Much of the public credit for Saddam 's capture went to conventional army units , but it was , in fact , the Special Operations forces under McRaven 's command who did much of the work to find the Iraqi dictator . Rescue of Capt. Phillips From the beginning of the Obama presidency , McRaven has been the key to some of the most sensitive U.S. military operations . On the sweltering evening of April 13 , 2009 , several hundred miles off the coast of Somalia , as dusk deepened over the Indian Ocean , three shots rang out . All the bullets found their targets : three Somali pirates in a small , enclosed lifeboat bobbing on the darkening sea . For the previous five days the pirates had held hostage Richard Phillips , the American captain of the Maersk Alabama container ship . President Barack Obama had authorized the use of deadly force if Phillips ' life was in danger . Unbeknownst to the pirates , the USS Bainbridge warship was shadowing them , and days earlier a contingent of SEALs had parachuted at night into the ocean near the Bainbridge . The SEALs had taken up positions on the fantail of the Bainbridge and were carefully monitoring Phillips and his captors . One of the pirates had just pointed his AK-47 at the American captain as if he were going to shoot him . That 's when the SEAL team commander on the Bainbridge ordered his men to take out the pirates . Three U.S Navy SEAL sharpshooters fired simultaneously at the pirates from a distance of 30 yards in heaving seas at nightfall , killing them all . Obama called McRaven , then the leader of Joint Special Operations Command , to tell him , "  Great job . " The flawless rescue of Capt. Philips was the first time that Obama -- only three months into his new job -- had been personally exposed to the capabilities of America 's secretive Special Operations counterterrorism units , whose skills Obama would come to rely upon increasingly with each year of his presidency . How bin Laden was found It is , of course , the raid that killed Osama bin Laden on May 2 , 2011 , that has ensured McRaven 's place in the history books as the architect of the operation . During the spring of 2011 McRaven formulated the plan for the assault on the compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan where bin Laden was believed to be hiding . The planning for the raid was deeply informed by the key principles he had laid out in "  Spec Ops . " McRaven explained , "  It was a simple plan , carefully concealed , repeatedly rehearsed , and exercised with surprise , speed , and purpose . " Following extensive realistic rehearsals of the raid in both North Carolina and Nevada that included a full-scale model of the compound bin Laden was believed to be hiding in , McRaven went to the White House to give Obama his assessment of the plausibility of the mission . When he was outlining to the President and his war cabinet the planned Abbottabad helicopter raid , McRaven said , "  In terms of difficulty , compared to what we 're doing on a nightly basis in Afghanistan , what we 're doing in Iraq , this is not among the most difficult missions technically . The difficult part is the sovereignty issue with Pakistan and flying for a long stretch of time over Pakistani airspace . " Obama knew that the intelligence regarding bin Laden 's presence at the compound was always circumstantial , but the president had confidence that McRaven and his men would be able to execute the mission successfully , whether the al Qaeda leader was in fact at the Abbottabad compound , or not . The night of the raid , when one of the stealth helicopters carrying a SEAL team crashed inside bin Laden 's compound , McRaven -- who was narrating the progress of the operation from his command post in Afghanistan to the White House -- did n't skip a beat , saying without altering his tone : "  We will now be amending the mission . " Around 15 minutes after the helicopter had crashed , on his audio feed , McRaven heard a SEAL team member give the code word "  Geronimo . " Each step of the operation had been labeled with a letter of the alphabet , and G meant that bin Laden was "  secured . " McRaven relayed the "  Geronimo " to the White House . He assumed that meant bin Laden was now dead , but suddenly thought , "  What if we captured him ? " So McRaven asked the SEAL ground force commander , "  Is he EKIA -LSB- enemy killed in action -RSB- ? " A few seconds later , the answer came back : "  Roger , Geronimo EKIA . " Then McRaven announced to the White House , "  Geronimo EKIA . " There were gasps in the situation room , but no whoops or high fives . The President quietly said , "  We got him , we got him . " What 's next for special operations On Thursday , McRaven gave his final speech as the leader of American Special Operations . In his dress whites , the famously unflappable four-star admiral concluded , his voice quavering with emotion , "  It has been the greatest honor of my life to lead the men and women of Special Operations Command . " The United States owes a real debt to McRaven and to his wife , Georgeann , who , like many other military spouses , has also served her country stoically as her husband deployed repeatedly to war zones after 9/11 . McRaven 's successor General Votel , previously led the military 's elite and secretive Joint Special Operations Command , which comprises units such as SEAL Team 6 and the Army 's Delta Force . As a colonel , Votel led the unit that five weeks after the 9/11 attacks established the first U.S. military base in Afghanistan and is widely viewed as the right officer to succeed McRaven . As the United States and its allies pivot away from the post-9 / 11 conventional wars but still face threats from jihadist militants in countries in the Middle East , South Asia and North Africa , Special Operations Forces working "  by , with and through " local militaries will be a key part of future U.S. military operations . Among his other legacies , McRaven has put in place a Global Special Operations Forces network , which in practice mean a small presence of U.S. Special Operations and Special Forces personnel in dozens of countries around the world . The goal of that network is twofold : To be better positioned to respond to an immediate crisis , such as the attack on the U.S. facility in Benghazi in 2012 , and also to build up the capacity of local militaries so they can keep the peace themselves .	Peter Bergen : Adm. William McRaven stepped down as head of U.S. Special Operations Command He says McRaven not only led the bin Laden raid planning but wrote the book on special ops McRaven identified six key elements needed for success in special operations Bergen : Troops under his command have deployed to 92 nations
CNN  -- Frank Lowe 's 5-year-old son may not be able to write his name yet , but he can tell you if your shoes are ratchet . OK , that 's not really true , but it 's funny , which is the point of Lowe 's Twitter persona , @GayAtHomeDad : to use humor to normalize the concept of gay parenting and show mainstream America that "  gay is OK . " "  I think when people are uncertain or uncomfortable about something , humor is the best way to break down some of those barriers , and gay parenting is definitely a new concept to a lot of people , " he said . Not long ago , Lowe was a fairly normal gay man working in fashion . Then he moved to Connecticut with his partner , adopted their son , Briggs , and became a stay-at-home dad . That 's when he transformed from a "  bitchy gay guy " to a "  bitchy gay dad " and began deploying sardonic wit in 140 characters on timely topics in parenting , pop culture and politics . Lowe launched the Twitter persona in 2012 in response to what he perceived as "  a significant lack " of gay fathers in the media and pop culture , except for Cam and Mitchell on "  Modern Family . " To riff on the gay dad stereotype , he started @GayAtHomeDad as both a "  self-deprecating joke " and a way to encourage gay youth to be comfortable in their skin . It took off , thanks to the compelling username and outlandish comments such as "  When my kid scrapes his knee , he gets a Prada Band-Aid , " or "  As IF I 'm going to ruin his hair using s **** y tears-free shampoo . He can cry . " "  I thought ` what 's funnier than an outlandishly crazy , lewd gay dad ? ' and literally there 's nothing , " he said . He also wants to put out the message to the gay community that being a gay parent does n't mean you have to be a perfect parent . "  Gay parents are expected to behave a certain way , because heaven forbid we mess this up , and I think that 's bulls *** . I am definitely a lot more cautious now that I 'm a parent , but I still am the same person I was before having a kid . " His 81,000 followers seem to like his style , engaging in his musings on such topics as marriage equality , the ice bucket challenge and some of his favorite performers . And his range is growing , with a YouTube channel and a feature on the "  Today " show . He also really likes "  American Horror Story , " especially Jessica Lange , whose presence imbues much of his time line . But @GayAtHomeDad is an online persona , he says . The real Frank Lowe is a lot less brassy and flamboyant . "  My sense of humor is still sharp and inappropriate , but I do n't walk around with resting bitch face , " he said . He 's gay , but he 's a father first and foremost -- on Twitter and in real life . "  There is nothing like the relationship I have with my son , and I love him more than anything on this planet , " he said . "  Once we adopted him , I had to relinquish a lot of my selfish ways , and that was very cathartic and healthy . He constantly makes me want to be a better person and a better father . "	Frank Lowe is the "  Gay at Home Dad " on Twitter , and his feed is a hoot Lowe has amassed 81,000 followers with his acerbic posts on culture and fatherhood He uses humor to normalize the concept of gay parenting
CNN  -- A preliminary investigation report into last month 's Lion Air crash into the sea off Bali has called on the budget carrier to implement several safety and pilot training recommendations . The report by Indonesia 's National Transportation Safety Committee found the 24-year-old co-pilot , with 1,200 hours flying experience , could not see the runway upon approach and handed controls to the pilot at an altitude of 150 feet  45 meters  moments before the crash . The plane , a Boeing 737-800 manufactured in February and only used by Lion Air since March , was found to be airworthy and had only 142 hours of flying time . It missed the runway , landing on the sea just off Bali 's international airport on April 13 . The plane was carrying 101 passengers and seven flight crew . All were evacuated and four passengers were treated for serious injuries . The committee 's report issued safety recommendations to the airline in order to ensure pilots were trained to follow correct procedure in handing over flight controls during critical moments and times . It also called on the airline to "  review the policy and procedures regarding the risk associated with changeover of control at critical altitudes or critical times . " The altitude at which the co-pilot handed control of the plane to his colleague was below the minimum altitude considered safe to continue final descent . The preliminary report did not indicate the exact cause of the crash , stating that the plane had maintained a constant course . The airline , which operates under the official name Lion Mentari , is banned from European airspace due to safety concerns , according to the European Union . Lion Air was a domestic airline virtually unknown outside of the archipelago nation of 6,000 inhabited islands until it struck two of the world 's biggest ever aircraft orders . In late 2011 , Boeing made its largest single aviation sale -- 230 planes totaling $ 21.7 billion -- to Lion Air . In March this year it inked a deal with Airbus for 234 planes , totaling $ 24 billion . Lion Air first took to the skies in 2000 .	Preliminary report did not outline cause of the Bali crash Issued several safety recommendations to Lion Air around pilot training Plane missed runway , landed in water in April
CNN  -- A jailed American contractor said Friday he feels like a "  hostage , " in Cuba , where he is serving a 15-year prison sentence on charges of subversion . Alan Gross was arrested in 2009 while working as a subcontractor on a U.S. Agency for International Development project aimed at spreading democracy . Gross ' family and attorneys say that he traveled to Cuba to help link the country 's small Jewish community to the Internet . But Cuban authorities say Gross imported sensitive communications equipment to connect dissidents . "  I feel like I 'm a hostage , " he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , speaking by phone from the Carlos J. Finlay Military Hospital in Havana . "  The president of the Dominican Republic told me two years ago when he visited , he said : ` Alan , I hope you realize this is not about you . ' And at the time , I could understand that . I could intellectualize it -- that it was n't about me , that it was an effort on the part of the Cuban government to express its disdain to the United States , " he said . "  But right now , it is about me . It 's about my family and it 's about my mother . And I 'm taking this very personally , " he said . He asked that be allowed to visit his dying mother , who is suffering from cancer and getting along in age . "  I have a 90-year-old mother who has inoperable lung cancer . She 's not getting any younger , and she 's not getting any healthier , " he said . "  My lawyer and I have written , on more than one occasion , to the government of Cuba requesting permission for me to visit her . I would return to Cuba . You can quote me on that , " Gross said . Earlier this year , his attorney said the mother 's final wish is "  to be able to see her son once more before her battle with cancer is lost . " The Cuban government has not yet responded to their request . Gross , 63 , has been held in Cuba for two years and five months . He 's lost about 100 pounds during that time but said his overall condition is fine . After having not been allowed to see the sun for a year and a half , Gross said he is now permitted to go outside . The quality of his food has also improved , he said . Last year , Cuba 's highest court upheld the 15-year sentence imposed on Gross for committing crimes against the security of the state -- charges Gross described as "  laughable . " His case sank U.S.-Cuba relations to a new low after initial signs of thawing when President Barack Obama took office . The State Department has said no progress will be made until Gross is released . "  If I were n't in this situation , I would be laughing about it because I 'm about as much of a threat to the security and the state as the chair is that I 'm sitting on right now , " he said .	Alan Gross was arrested in 2009 and sentenced to 15 years in prison He describes the charges against him as "  laughable " The Cuban government has n't yet responded to his request to visit his dying mother His case sank U.S.-Cuba relations to a new low
Wiping away tears and choking up , President Barack Obama mourned the "  beautiful little kids " slain Friday in a shooting massacre at a Connecticut school and called for preventing similar tragedies "  regardless of the politics . " It was a rare emotional display by Obama , known more for stoicism in such situations , and he referred to other recent U.S. mass shootings in calling for a national response . "  As a country , we have been through this too many times , " Obama said in a brief statement to reporters at the White House about the attack at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown that killed at least 26 people , including 20 schoolchildren . "  Whether it 's an elementary school in Newtown or a shopping mall in Oregon or a temple in Wisconsin or a movie theater in Aurora  Colorado  or a street corner in Chicago , these neighborhoods are our neighborhoods and these children are our children , " said Obama , who has been criticized for being soft on gun control issues by some on the political left . Obama treads carefully on assault weapons ban "  We 're going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this , regardless of the politics , " the president said . A spokesman for the the National Rifle Association , which leads the nation 's powerful gun lobby , said the group had no comment "  until the facts are thoroughly known . " How do we stop the violence ? Obama 's statement focused mostly on the personal horror and grief that he and the nation felt at the news of another mass shooting in America , this time targeting young victims . "  I know there 's not a parent in America who does n't feel the same overwhelming grief that I do , " said Obama , the father of two girls . Brushing aside tears with his left hand , he had to pause before he continued . Shooting claims young lives "  The majority of those who died today were children -- beautiful little kids between the ages of 5 and 10 years old , " the president said . "  They had their entire lives ahead of them -- birthdays , graduations , weddings , kids of their own . " Again wiping at his eyes , Obama also noted that teachers were slain as well -- "  men and women who devoted their lives to helping our children fulfill their dreams . " "  So our hearts are broken today " for both the families who lost loved ones as well as those whose children survived but had their innocence "  torn away from them too early , " the president said , adding that "  there are no words that will ease their pain . " Tweets from the shooting In an especially personal reference , Obama said on Friday night , he and the first lady "  will do what I know every parent in America will do , which is hug our children a little tighter and we 'll tell them that we love them , and we 'll remind each other how deeply we love one another . " "  But there are families in Connecticut who can not do that tonight , " he said , asking the nation to join him in providing as much help as possible to such a wounded community . "  Because while nothing can fill the space of a lost child or loved one , all of us can extend a hand to those in need -- to remind them that we are there for them , that we are praying for them , that the love they felt for those they lost endures not just in their memories but also in ours , " Obama concluded . "  May God bless the memory of the victims and , in the words of Scripture , heal the brokenhearted and bind up their wounds . " He then walked quickly out of the White House briefing room . Complete coverage on the Connecticut school shooting	In a rare display of emotion , President Obama chokes up over "  beautiful " kids Obama : The nation must come together to prevent such tragedies , regardless of politics "  Our hearts are broken today , " the president says
CNN  -- On September 11 , 2001 , the city of Melbourne , Australia evacuated its World Trade Center . This is a modest building on the banks of the Yarra River , a short distance from the city 's central business district , a little over 10,000 miles from New York . It used to have a casino . Before that , it briefly hosted an exhibition of waxworks from Madam Tussaud 's . If you ran a line from Ground Zero in Lower Manhattan through the center of the Earth , you would exit the planet not so far from here . Indeed , Australia is , simply , a long way from everywhere . A flight to Sydney takes 15 hours from Los Angeles , 21 hours from London , 14 hours from Johannesburg , and 10 hours from Tokyo . There is no stopping off in Australia on the way to somewhere else , unless you 're headed to Antarctica . This isolation is at the heart of Australia 's identity : It is the reason the country has an aboriginal population that existed undisturbed for 40,000 years , and some of the world 's strangest and most inimitable flora and fauna . It is why the country was chosen to be a penal colony by the British in 1788 . It is a place you go to be removed from the world . And yet on Monday , the world 's eyes focused on Sydney , as a man with a gun took hostages in what he claimed was an attack on Australia by the Islamic State . A self-described cleric with a history of antagonism toward Australian military involvement in Afghanistan , reports suggest he was probably a dangerously deluded loner rather than a member of an organized terrorist group . But by the time the siege ended , two hostages were still dead . This was n't Australia 's first brush with terrorism . As I said , on 9/11 , terrorists were attacking World Trade Centers , so Melbourne evacuated hers . And this did n't seem silly at the time -- that day made all horrors plausible . No precaution was too extreme when only the day before it had been inconceivable that terrorists might take thousands of lives in New York and across the United States . So for a while , Australia forgot it was n't part of the world . "  We are all Americans , " Australians said on 9/11 -- September 12 , actually , on antipodean time , since Australia is so far away , it is usually a different day altogether . And we meant it : We were deeply shocked to see acts of foreign terrorism , always previously associated with unfamiliar people in unfamiliar places , happening somewhere "  Over There , " become suddenly intimate and recognizable . Over time , however , as the War on Terror became the War on Iraq , and the American flags waved on TV , it became clear that although 9/11 affected the Western world , at its most pointed and personal , it was an American story . Australia , as usual , was watching from afar . We sent troops to Afghanistan and to Iraq , maintaining solidarity with our American cousins , but ultimately , we saw that the U.S. was "  Over There , " too . In 2002 , 88 Australians were killed by a radical Islamist group bombing on the Indonesian island of Bali , a popular holiday destination . Bali is a mere 6 hours from Sydney , and only 2Â 1/2 from Darwin , the closest Australian city . It was a traumatic event , but again , it was n't quite here . More recently , there were police terror sweeps in Australian cities , with arrests made and , apparently , plots foiled . The federal government warned us that groups had developed with the motivation and ability to carry out local attacks . You live a charmed life in Australia . The streets are safe , the weather is terrific , the people are friendly . The ocean keeps everything out . Or , at least , slows it down . We complain when a car costs $ 30,000 or a TV show wo n't hit our screens right away , but it 's the distance that has allowed Australia to stay Australia in the face of relentless globalization . It 's given us more than a decade in which to rethink our ideas on society and our way of life , and the trade-offs between freedom and security we 're willing to make , without having to do so in the immediate aftermath of a national tragedy . If this hostage taker in Sydney had claimed to be acting for some other cause -- disgruntlement at the tax code , or the high price of cars -- we would n't call it terrorism . We would call it what it is : a lunatic with a gun . But that would overlook the deeper trend , which is that Australia 's oceans are shrinking . Today technology allows a man to be more connected to militant extremists across the globe -- in spirit , if nothing else -- than he was to his neighbors in Bexley North . He can find and latch onto toxic ideas from the other side of the globe and bring them into Sydney . Whether we call it a siege or terrorism , it was something that used to happen Over There . And now it 's here . It was n't unexpected , and arrived more benignly than it could have , and today the country will get on with business as usual . But life is becoming a little less charmed . We are no longer so far away .	Max Barry : Sydney hostage incident brings home terrorism threat But this was n't Australia 's first brush with terrorism , writer says Dozens of Australians were killed in Bali bombing in 2002 , Barry adds
CNN  -- When Yahoo 's relatively new CEO Marissa Mayer decreed that workers would be required to show up at the office rather than work remotely , the immediate backlash from outsiders was mostly on the side of the angry Yahoo employees who were losing the comfort and convenience of telecommuting . Inside the company , reactions were mixed . It struck a deep chord , contrary as it was to the techno-utopian impulse that has helped define Silicon Valley : the idea that someday soon we 'll all be working in coffee shops or at kitchen tables , with broadband connections replacing in-person interactions . Mayer may have been extreme in her demands for face time at the office , but it 's the right call for a leader who is working to turn around one of the Internet 's laggards . First , let 's consider what 's at stake for the company and what Mayer is hoping to accomplish . Yahoo is famous for having bungled its position as a one-time Internet leader . Mayer was brought on specifically to revitalize the benighted company after the departure of Jerry Yang ; the firing of Carol Bartz , and the departures of another CEO who inflated his resume and an interim director . All the while , Yahoo has been a company in search of a direction . What does the end of telecommuting have to do with giving the company a sound footing ? The reasons go well beyond the obvious issue of reining in slackers who have taken advantage of Yahoo 's reportedly lax monitoring of work done from home . Talk Back : Is Yahoo wrong to end telecommuting ? Jackie Reses , Yahoo 's head of human relations , has it exactly right in the memo she wrote to employees about the policy : Personal interaction is still the most effective way of conveying a company 's direction , and keeping tabs on what different parts of the organization are up to . And that 's what Mayer has to do with all of Yahoo 's 11,500 employees to succeed . What do in-person meetings accomplish that e-mail ca n't ? Part of the answer lies in time use surveys of CEOs that go back nearly 40 years . Management scholar Henry Mintzberg was among the first to track how top managers spend their time in the early 1970s . Much to his surprise , he found that around 80 % of their time was spent in face-to-face meetings ; the subjects of his study had few stretches of more than 10 minutes at a time to themselves . More recent time use studies by researchers at Harvard , the London School of Economics and Columbia have found that little has changed . Despite the IT revolution , business leaders still spend 80 % of their time in face-to-face meetings . The reason is that there 's only so much that one can glean from a written report or a spreadsheet . To cut through the hidden agendas , and office politics , most of the time you need to look someone in the eye and ask them , "  Really ? How exactly would that work ? " It is this probing and questioning that allows effective managers to gather the scraps of information needed to understand what 's really going on . Similarly , all the way down the organizational chart , person-to-person interactions are crucial to ensure that an organization 's change of direction is n't misrepresented or garbled in its retelling . The bland proclamations made in reports and e-mails are given clearer meaning through the way they 're communicated in the "  high fidelity " that only personal interaction will allow . In-person meetings can also help teams avoid misunderstandings : As one of our friends who runs a virtual workplace puts it , with e-mail exchanges alone , everyone starts to get a bit paranoid . Finally , the Yahoo memo notes that it 's hard to innovate via e-mail exchanges or the occasional agenda-filled meeting . New ideas spring up through chance encounters in the cafeteria line and impromptu office meetings . It 's an assertion that 's backed up by academic research highlighting the importance of physical proximity in driving scientific progress . Work at home ? Share productivity tips Yet there are rarely benefits without cost . Lots of tasks are easily managed from a distance . A large number of the affected Yahoo employees are customer-service representatives who are n't going to be driving innovation at the company anyway . In one study of telecommuting at a Chinese online travel agency , customer-service reps were both happier and more productive when working from home -- probably Yahoo service reps are n't any different from their Chinese counterparts in this regard . And every Yahoo employee surely has some aspects of their jobs that could be done just as well at the kitchen table as in an office cubicle . But it 's hard to create a norm of "  physically together " if the office is always half-empty . And once it becomes that way , the half that have been showing up will be less and less inclined to bother . Finally , such a shocking and provocative directive will most certainly have the effect of imbuing the organization with the sense of urgency it needs to get the job done . Will Yahoo employees come around to appreciating the change ? Not necessarily the ones that liked to sleep in or work on a startup on Yahoo 's dime , but it may be welcomed by the ones already showing up . Will it be damaging to morale ? Possibly , though it may help Yahoo employees to remember that , if they 're successful , the change is likely to be temporary . But the job of the CEO is n't to maximize worker happiness . It 's to make sure they get their jobs done . And in driving change at Yahoo , Mayer thinks they need to show up at the office . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Raymond Fisman .	Raymond Fisman : Marissa Mayer needs to revive Yahoo , and face time at the office is key Fisman : Granted , this goes against Utopian vision of everyone working from cafes Fisman : In-person work means innovations , avoids misunderstood directives He says more jobs will get done and it 'll encourage those who work in a half-empty office
CNN  -- For a world-class shopping experience you should head to glitzy Ginza . As well as flagship fashion outlets , the area boasts one of the city 's best department stores , Mitsukoshi  4-6-16 Chuo Dori  . The real treat here , as at many Tokyo department stores , is the fantastic basement-level food hall  "  depachika "  . For the complete Mitsukoshi experience , there 's an ever bigger store in Nihombashi . The "  Electric Town " of Akihabara is tech-head 's heaven . Next door is Matsuya , another big department store , and while you 're in the area do n't miss the Sony Building  5-3-1 Ginza , Chuo-ku  . Your inner games geek wo n't be able to resist the entire floor devoted to the PlayStation . If you 've ever wondered where Tokyo teenagers buy their wacky cyber-goth manga-inspired attire , the answer is Takeshita-Dori , a narrow street in Harajuku . On Sundays the street fills with fashion-conscious teens , dressed to impress . For the less adventurous , but more discerning shopper , Harajuku 's main thoroughfare , Omotesando is lined with elegant boutiques , including Louis Vuitton , Prada and Loveless  3-17-11 Minami-Aoyama  . Looking unlike any shop you 've seen before , Loveless has three floors of hip Japanese clothing and a basement decked out like the dungeon of some deranged medieval aristocrat . Harajuku is also home to six-floor Kiddy Land  6-1-9 Jingu-mae  , one of the city 's best toy stores , with a huge selection of Hello Kitty products . The area around Shibuya Station is a buzzing epicenter of shopping activity . Among its highlights are Tokyu Hands  Takashimaya Times Square , 5-24-2 Sendagaya  , a department store that sells everything you could ever need , and plenty of stuff you had no idea even existed  electrically heated pilllows anyone ?  . A Bathing Ape  1 - Rise Bld . 13-17 Udagawa-Cho  offers funky T-shirts and trainers in an art gallery-style space , and Mandarake  Shibuya Beam B2 31-2 Udagawacho  is the place to satisfy your manga cravings , should you have any . For more manga , and a glimpse into the future , you 'll want to go to Akihabara . Also known as Electric Town , Akihabara is a district of electronics stores clad in illuminated signs . Visit after dark for the full "  Blade Runner " experience . Yodobashi Camera sells everything from next generation cell phones to cameras that are n't yet available outside Japan . For something more sedate , Daikanyama is a refined area popular with in-the-know fashionistas , while Jimbocho is the city 's used-book quarter . Marunouchi was once a drab business district but is fast becoming the city 's hottest shopping area . Shin-Marunouchi  just opposite the Marunouchi exit of Tokyo Stations  is a huge building , with the lowest seven floors devoted to chic shopping . The basement "  depachika " is a feast for foodies . Tokyo International Forum  5-1 Marunouchi 3-chome , Chiyoda-ku  is a vast space used for art exhibitions and as a concert hall . It also boasts excellent shopping and hosts a flea market every other Sunday . Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Tokyo picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	Ginza offers world-class shopping - check out the food hall in Mitsukoshi Takeshita-Dori is where teenagers pick up their "  cosplay " costumes Omotesando is lined with boutiques , including Louis Vuitton and Prada Akihabara , or "  Electric Town , " is the place to buy electronics and manga
CNN  Lee Kuan Yew , the founding Prime Minister of Singapore , died early Monday morning , according to a statement released by the office of Singapore 's current Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong . He was 91 . Lee passed away peacefully at Singapore General Hospital at 3:18 a.m. , the statement said . He had been in the hospital with pneumonia since February 5 . Born in 1923 , Lee co-founded the city state in 1965 when it declared its independence from Malaysia and was its prime minister for more than three decades . "  The first of our founding fathers is no more , " Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong , who is Lee 's son , told the nation in a televised speech Monday . "  He fought for our independence , built a nation where there was none and made us proud to be Singaporeans , " Lee said . Building up Singapore was his passion , the Prime Minister said , reading out a quote from his father : "  At the end of the day what have I got ? A successful Singapore . What have I given up ? My life . " Lee 's body will lie in state at Parliament House from Wednesday through Saturday . A state funeral will be held Sunday . UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon issued a condolence statement and said Lee "  helped Singapore to transition from a developing country to one of the most developed in the world , transforming it into a thriving international business hub . " President Obama called Lee a visionary who helped him formulate U.S. policy of "  rebalancing to the Asia Pacific , " when the two met in Singapore in 2009 . "  He was a true giant of history who will be remembered for generations to come as the father of modern Singapore and as one the great strategists of Asian affairs , " the President said . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry also praised the advice he got from Lee , calling it "  the most valuable and insightful I have received . " "  He was , of course , a uniquely astute analyst and observer of Asia , and it is largely through his life 's work that Singapore became one of the United States ' strongest strategic partners in the region , " Kerry said . Former President George H. W. Bush said he respected Lee 's effective leadership of a "  wonderful , resilient and innovative country in ways that lifted living standards without indulging a culture of corruption . " He added , " Because of the example set by Lee Kuan Yew 's singular leadership , I am confident that the future will be bright for Singapore . " China 's foreign ministry called Lee "  a uniquely influential Asian statesman , " and Australia 's Prime Minister Tony Abbott said "  our region owes much to Lee Kuan Yew . " Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Indonesia 's foreign ministry also praised Lee 's leadership in their condolence notices . Singapore 's President Tony Tan Keng Yam called Lee the "  architect of our modern Republic , " in a letter to Lee 's son , the current prime minister . "  Few have demonstrated such complete commitment to a cause greater than themselves , " President Tan said .	Lee Kuan Yew was the founding Prime Minister of Singapore President Obama called him a "  true giant of history "
CNN  -- From the start of the tragedy , aid agencies warned that not enough help was flowing into flood-devastated Pakistan . Now , seven long weeks into the steamrolling crisis , the United Nations and private charitable organizations are sounding the alarm again as large chunks of the country remain submerged and about 20 million people are in need of assistance . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announced Friday that the United Nations is seeking another $ 1.594 billion for flood victims , bringing the total to more than $ 2 billion . The world body has already received about 70 percent of $ 460 million it initially requested . "  In the floods ' wake , we are seeing hunger , misery and desperation , " Ban said . "  Children becoming malnourished . Skin diseases on the rise because of the lack of soap and clean water . Nowhere for families to shelter from the sweltering sun . "  Diarrhea could spread quickly in these conditions . Clean water and sanitation equipment must reach even more people . Millions of children and pregnant women are especially at risk . They need access to critical health care . Pakistan is not facing just one humanitarian crisis -- but many at once . Different responses are required . " He called the Pakistan floods "  the worst natural disaster the United Nations has responded to in its 65-year history . " The global spotlight may have shifted away , but floodwaters are still raging through the heart of Pakistan , creating new crises every day , said Valerie Amos , U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs . "  An immense tragedy continues to unfold , " Amos said . "  The human implications of what will happen if not enough is done are terrible . Many millions have already lost everything and have nothing to go back to . ... What I will be doing is asking our supporters to dig deeper and to do more . " But even the new appeal may not be enough as the U.N. food agency said Friday that it needs $ 600 million for emergency food supplies until next July . So far , it has only received $ 103 million . The World Food Programme is aiming to feed 6 million people every month while transitioning to recovery activities such as food-for-work programs that will help rehabilitate damaged agricultural lands and infrastructure and restore livelihoods , the agency said . It estimates that at least 17 million acres of farmland from north to south are under water and hundreds of bridges and roadways have been destroyed . On top of that , markets have been disrupted and food prices have skyrocketed , leaving many Pakistanis unable to feed themselves or their families , the WFP said . "  No one could have predicted the scale and enormity of this catastrophe where women and children are facing a dangerous downwards spiral of hunger and malnutrition , " WFP Executive Director Josette Sheeran said in a written statement . "  We need to scale-up now and we need to scale-up quickly . " The scale of the devastation was visible from a helicopter this week . From the sky , the landscape below was brown with wide rivers of murky water while specks of bright blue tarpaulins and tents dotted dry land . "  The road to recovery will be long and arduous and Pakistan will need all the help it can get to build back from this disaster , " Sheeran said . Hunger is just one of Pakistan 's myriad problems . Public health experts remain concerned about disease outbreaks . As of a week ago , the United Nations reported more than 700,000 cases of acute diarrhea , at least 800,000 acute respiratory infections , nearly a million cases of skin disease and almost 183,000 suspected malaria cases . "  All of the elements conducive for this to happen are present -- poor sanitation and water supplies , and people are living in cramped conditions in open camp settings , " said Sylvain Groulx , a project coordinator with Medecins Sans Frontieres , sometimes referred to as Doctors Without Borders , in northern Sindh province . "  Health authorities here have confirmed that there is usually an increase in the number of people who seek medical assistance following Eid , and we are expecting that the health system will be overburdened in the coming days , " Groulx said in a news release . Eid al-Fitr , which marks the end of Ramadan , was celebrated last weekend .	NEW : The United Nations seeks $ 1.6 billion more for flood victims Pakistan 's crisis continues to unfold About 20 million people were affected by the massive flooding
San Diego , California  CNN  -- It 's the law of unintended consequences . Each time Americans spend billions to fortify the border by building fences or hiring Border Patrol agents , human traffickers raise their prices . Today , it costs about $ 3,000 to move a person across the border . It 's less if you brave mountain lions and cross off the beaten path . It 's more if you cross near civilization and absolutely positively have to be there overnight . If we bolster enforcement , the price could soar to $ 6,000 . How do we win a battle against an opponent when , the more we spend to defeat him , the more we empower him to fight back ? This riddle could stump anyone , but President Barack Obama seems to find it especially difficult . Raised in Hawaii and having lived in Chicago , Obama is a newbie to the border . He 's made one memorable visit in 5Â 1/2 as president and he must have felt as if he landed on another planet . Even on this week 's fundraising swing through Texas , Obama could n't find time to visit the border . That was his loss . When you travel from San Diego to Douglas , Arizona , to Columbus , New Mexico , to Brownsville , Texas , it 's like you 're visiting several worlds at once . Each stretch has its own script . It 's a fascinating area -- unless you 're not interested . Obama does n't seem all that interested in the border , except when he can use it as a weapon . In May 2011 , during a visit to El Paso , Texas , Obama mocked Republicans by saying they wanted to build a moat on the border and fill it with alligators . This week , in Dallas , more than 500 miles from the border , the president revealed his plans for tens of thousands of kids whose heads are filled with nightmares . Since October , spurred by violent youth gangs in their home countries and fake news reports of "  permisos " for young people approved by Congress , about 52,000 children and teenagers from Central America have been apprehended on the border . "  Apprehended " is too generous a word , since most of these people reportedly went up to Border Patrol agents with their arms raised and asked to be arrested . These uninvited guests are neither invading nor evading . They 're surrendering . A lot of Texas Democrats probably thought it was a bad idea for Obama to snub the border , and one said so out loud . U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar , D-Texas , suggested that Obama 's failure to survey firsthand the scene of the crisis evoked memories of President George W. Bush viewing the devastation of Hurricane Katrina from an airplane flying high overhead . This week , Cuellar said : "  I hope this does n't become the Katrina moment for President Obama , saying that he does n't need to come to the border . He should come down . " Now that U.S. officials have custody of the border kids , many of whom were -- according to media reports -- sexually assaulted or had their lives threatened , the hard part is deciding what to do with them . Do we really want to send them back ? Are we that monstrous ? Obama has asked Congress for $ 3.7 billion to deal with the crisis -- which includes $ 1.8 billion to help the Department of Health and Human Services provide better care for the children , and another $ 1.6 billion to help the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Justice expedite their removal . The remaining $ 300 million would go to the State Department to help Latin American governments counter the misinformation campaign . This budgetary whiplash -- where we show these kids some kindness before banishing them to the dark , desperate and dangerous places from which they escaped -- summarizes Obama 's muddled approach to the immigration issue , where he tries to be both tough and compassionate and winds up confused . We need more border funding , but we could also use a lot more honestly and clarity in this debate . Money ca n't buy that . Liberals will have to swallow the fact that it was their foil , George W. Bush , who signed a law in 2008 giving safe haven to unaccompanied minors from Central America , and now it 's their champion , Barack Obama , who seeks the power to override it . Meanwhile , conservatives are putting up a fight against the funding , but that wo n't last . They ca n't stand the idea of letting these kids stay here and grow up to become dependents and Democrats , and so they have to help Obama fund their return . For a while , there will be a tug-of-war in the GOP between the border hawks and budget hawks . But the former will win . That 's a good outcome . It would also be good for Congress to pass immigration reform , and for Obama to ease up on deportations . For now , the administration needs the $ 3.7 billion , and it should get every penny . Congress should be generous , and the President should be diligent , but neither of them should be naive . On the border , enforcement dollars are no silver bullet . We can hire more Border Patrol agents , build more walls , and expedite deportations . But none of that will stop the downtrodden , desperate , and determined from seeking refuge in a country that is supposed to be in the business of offering it . And if Obama spent more time on the border , he 'd already know that . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Ruben Navarrette : President Obama should visit the border in light of crisis He says Obama 's call for more spending is right , but wo n't stop flow of people seeking refuge Republicans will have to accept more spending on border and immigration , he says
Boston  CNN  -- You might not consider baseball or basketball players to be your typical business travelers . But the realities of life for professional athletes , whose job requires them to spend months on the road each year , means they become every bit as travel hardened as the most experienced sales executive . Golf legend Gary Player claims to have racked up about 15 million miles during his career , while Major League Baseball teams play 162-games a season , traveling across the United States in the process . Bill Acree , director of team travel for baseball outfit the Atlanta Braves , says his team spends nearly a third of the year on the road , so they look for comfort . The team stays in luxury hotels , with good 24-hour room service , and privacy and security are major concerns . Sporting events are big business for the travel industry , with the U.S. Travel Association estimating they account for more than a quarter of the entire travel market -- worth about $ 182 billion a year in the United States alone . For the hotels that do play host to traveling sports clubs , although those teams might only comprise a relatively small percentage of a hotel 's trade , their reliability makes them an important part of their business . Increasingly , hotels are pulling out all the stops to cater to the particular needs of their high-profile guests . See also : Gary Player , road warrior That means many hotels boasting state-of-the-art gym equipment , to allow athletes to work out on the road . But it also means putting special procedures in place to give sports stars the most comfortable guest experience . Boston is a sports-mad city . Its teams -- including baseball 's Red Sox , football 's Patriots , basketball 's Celtics and hockey 's Bruins -- have won championships in every major American sport . Local hotels The Liberty and The Westin are no strangers to visiting sports stars . Mike Jorgensen , general manager of the Westin Copley Place , said about half of the baseball teams that come to town to play the Red Sox stay at his hotel . "  When you get into the summer months , we might be checking one baseball team out and checking another one right back in , " he said . Acree said that typically , when the Braves check in , the hotel staff have each player 's key packet laid out on a desk ready to go , so the entire team can be checked in a matter of minutes . Jorgensen explained : "  The key is to get them in and up as quickly as possible , so that the big stars ... are n't bothered by the autograph seekers and that sort of thing . " At The Liberty , general manager Rachel Moniz says her staff whisks athletes in via a secret entrance unknown to the general public . "  We have a private back entrance and no other hotel guests know about this , " she said . "  We always have two elevator attendants , so both elevators are used exclusively for the professional sports teams that 's coming in . " Moniz said that by bypassing the regular check-in in the lobby , her team can have the arriving athletes in their rooms in "  four minutes door to door . " Athletes have certain requirements that the average guest does n't . Some need extra-long beds and , because they spend so much time on the road , some have complicated family arrangements , requiring tact in deciding which rooms to place them in . "  I would say that things can get a little complicated when families start to arrive , especially if somebody has multiple ex-wives , kids , " said Moniz . "  You really get to understand a little bit better somebody 's family dynamic , and how to handle that and where the connecting rooms should be and which floors they should be on . " Jorgensen said football teams in particular had special demands around food and drink . "  Football teams want to make sure we have on every floor Gatorade , Powerade , fruit , " he said . "  You know football players eat a lot so we need to keep them with enough food all the time to keep them busy . " As for the best behaved athletes ? Moniz and Jorgensen agree that hockey players are the most hassle-free guests .	Professional athletes are valued regular guests at luxury hotels They can have special requirements for check-in , privacy , food -- even bed size Hockey players are the best behaved , according to two Boston hotel managers
CNN  -- Canada came to a standstill when a gunman killed a soldier outside a war memorial in Ottawa -- then stormed into parliament , sending lawmakers hiding behind barricaded doors . The incident has raised a concern : how secure is the nation 's seat of power . A patchwork of jurisdictions Unlike in the United States where the Capitol police is responsible for security at the U.S. Capitol , four different agencies are charged with ensuring the safety of various parts of the parliament building in Canada . The Royal Canadian Mounted Police -- the national police force -- covers the parliament grounds while a House security detail is in charge of buildings under the House jurisdiction . A Senate security detail is responsible for one area of the building while the Ottawa Police keeps an eye on the surrounding streets . This could make communication a major challenge . Two years ago , Canada 's auditor general issued a report recommending a unified security force . It was n't acted upon . Communication breakdown ? Authorities investigating Wednesday 's attack will likely look at why the security agencies at the parliament did not tighten security after Ottawa police received a 911 call at nearby National War Memorial . It is there that Michael Zehaf-Bibeau killed Nathan Cirillo , a reservist guarding a tomb for the country 's fallen , injured two others and then headed for the parliament . John Manley , a former deputy prime minister , said it 's too early to make conclusions on whether there was a communication breakdown . "  In order to assess whether there was a failure of the security or whether it was inadequate , we need to know more about what happened , " Manley told the Globe and Mail newspaper . "  But if this is linked to religious extremism , we 've significantly changed the security game in Canada . " Easy access Visitors have to go through metal detectors , but once they go through one set , they have easy access to most parliamentary offices . It 's unclear how the gunman got past the metal detectors and into the building . "  Somebody who decides that they want to rush the building can walk up ... and then rush into the building before anybody can really effectively do anything , " lawmaker Marc Garneau told CNN partner network CTV . He would like to see the security checkpoints moved to the "  edges of the parliamentary precinct , so that when people enter onto the grounds itself , they 've already been screened . " Intensified security In the past two decades , Canada has intensified security in government buildings after a man drove a bus into Parliament Hill in 1989 . In 2009 , environmental protesters made it to the top of two buildings . Each incidents led to calls for more security restrictions . A delicate balance Still , lawmakers are loathe to see draconian measures imposed that will limit public access in favor of greater security . "  I just think what 's really important to remember from this is that Parliament Hill is an incredible public place that 's open for people to play football and come and protest and sit and have their lunches , do their yoga , " Charlie Angus told CTV .	The nation 's seat of power has various layers of security jurisdictions Canada is grappling with finding a balance between security and public access to the building In the past two decades , it has intensified security in government buildings
CNN  It turns out there 's a pesky little gremlin lurking around in the Patriots equipment room deflating footballs . Mystery solved . We should have known all along there was a logical explanation for the "  Deflategate " scandal gripping the Sport Nation . That 's pretty much what New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and his coach Bill Belichick , would have us believe after their less-than illuminating press conferences yesterday . Both men claimed they were just as stumped as us over how exactly 11 out of 12 of the team 's footballs used AFC Championship game against Indianapolis had been illegally deflated below regulation specs . "  When I came in Monday morning , I was shocked to learn of the news reports about the footballs . I had no knowledge whatsoever of the situation , " said a famously crotchety Belichick . "  I was completely totally unaware of anything . " His quarterback , appearing equally puzzled , wanted everyone to know that he 's no cheater : "  I would never do anything to break the rules . I believe in fair play . I have no knowledge of anything ... no knowledge of any wrongdoing ... I do n't know what happened . " Really Tom ? It 's hard to believe -- almost laughable , really -- that Brady , who is in his 15th NFL season with six trips to the Super Bowl and three Super Bowl wins , noticed nothing wrong . This is a guy who 's known to micromanage every aspect of the game , including the ball . And he 's on record saying he prefers a soft football . How could a pro like this notice nothing wrong ? The NFL , which according to ESPN reports , had been put on notice by the Colts going into the AFC Championship game that the Patriots may have used "  soft balls " earlier in the season , said it is conducting a full investigation But with the Super Bowl less than two weeks away , we 've heard nothing from them , nor apparently , has Brady , he said yesterday . So it 's easy to understand why fans and even pro athletes are not buying Brady 's story : "  It 's obvious that Tom Brady had something to do with this , " said Hall of Fame QB Troy Aikman on his Dallas radio program , even before the Brady-Belichick press conferences . "  So for the balls to be deflated , that does n't happen unless the quarterback wants that to happen , I can assure you of that . Now the question becomes : Did Bill Belichick know about it . " The evidence is clear : Eleven of the team 's balls were illegally deflated and they did n't get there by themselves . All the talk about cold weather being the culprit ? Forget it . Not only was the temperature in the 50s on game day , but if weather was a factor then the Colts ' game balls would have also deflated . That did n't happen . Brady , always the polished pitchman , is playing the innocent victim role perfectly . Perhaps this is all just a conspiracy put out there by Patriots haters , Brady suggested yesterday . Good try but most reasonable people do not believe in conspiracy theories . And hopefully , even fewer people believe in invisible gremlins . So there must be another explanation . That leaves the Deflategate spectacle in the hands of NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell . The scandal has provided plenty of jokes for late-night television and Twitter . But cheating in the NFL , a $ 9.5 billion a year industry with an overall market value of $ 46 billion for its 32 teams , is no laughing matter . It 's been a rough year for the integrity of the game . Goodell has admittedly made botched calls over several cases involving domestic abuse , with the Ray Rice scandal being the most egregious . And this season has been littered with debatable play-calling in crucial game situations . This is no time for stalled investigations . A ruling on Deflategate after the Super Bowl would be a huge letdown , and signal that cheating , no matter how blatant , is no big deal in the NFL . Goodell should act swiftly and announce sanctions against New England before the Super Bowl takes place in Phoenix on Feburary 1 . Fans are not the only ones calling for the commissioner to clean this mess up . Earlier this week , Nevada Sen. Dean Heller called on Goodell to restore the credibility of the game . "  I am seeking decisive actions ensuring all teams are playing according to the rules , " Heller said in a statement . He recommended the league work with the NFL Players Association to resolve the issue ahead before the Super Bowl . Let 's be clear : The Patriots are second-time offenders when it comes to cheating . Back in 2007 , Belichick was fined the NFL maximum of $ 500,000 and the Patriots were ordered to pay $ 250,000 for spying on an opponent 's  The New York Jets  defensive signals . In the end , the team 's assistant video guy took the fall and was the only person fired in the incident . The Pats also lost a draft pick in 2008 . "  This episode represents a calculated and deliberate attempt to avoid long-standing rules designed to encourage fair play and promote honest competition on the playing field , " Goodell said at the time in a letter to the Patriots . Goodell got it right back then : He handed out the biggest fine ever for an NFL coach and he sent a clear message that cheating would not be tolerated , or excused away . This time around , despite the billions of dollars attached to the Super Bowl , Goodell needs to go further . At a minimum , the commissioner should : -- Disqualify the Patriots from the Super Bowl -- Strip the team 's AFC Championship title -- Fine , or suspend Belichick , who despite his claims to the contrary should have known about the deflated balls -- and even if he did n't , he 's ultimately responsible for everything that happens on the field . And if it can reasonably be argued that Brady knew or should have known based on his NFL expertise that the football has been tampered with , then he too should face tough sanctions . Since there 's no precedent for disqualifying a Super Bowl team , Goodell would have to put a plan in place . It makes sense to me that the next best AFC team would go instead of the Pats , which means the Colts would play . And no , it does n't matter that New England beat Indy , 45-7 . The score is not the point when a team cheats . And if winning -- by any means necessary -- is really all that matters these days in the NFL , then we might as well throw out the rule books and stop preaching about the "  sanctity of the game . " It 's 2015 and it seems the Patriots still think the rules do n't apply to them . They have n't learned their lesson . This time around the commissioner must send an even stronger message so there 's no confusion . The Patriots should be benched for Super Bowl XLIX . Note : An earlier version of this article listed the wrong opponent to the Patriots in the AFC Championship game .	Roxanne Jones : The Patriots have no good explanation for deflated footballs Why should they still be allowed to play in football 's biggest game ?
CNN  -- When I think of Brooklyn , I think of Christopher Wallace -- known to most as the Notorious B.I.G. , or Biggie Smalls -- the artist whose life was cut short 15 years ago on March 9 . For others , Brooklyn might call to mind the retro-cool style , hipness and youthful vibrancy that have become associated with the borough , an image that 's been aided by entertainment . Yet whatever cultural shifts the borough sees through time , its relevancy does n't waver . While there , you can still feel the presence of B.I.G. 's lyrics : " ... spread love , it 's the Brooklyn way . " I first met B.I.G. at a Clive Davis event at the Plaza hotel in June of 1994 . It was for Arista employees to welcome our new joint venture with Sean "  Puff Daddy "  as he was known back then  Combs and his Bad Boy label . Puff introduced me to B.I.G. as the guy who was going to get his records played on radio . His words were few , but his presence and stature were massive . A head nod , a handshake and an acknowledgment conveying it was "  all good . " He was the epitome of Brooklyn cool , but the world did n't know it yet . At the time , hip-hop was not getting played on mainstream radio -- my job was to get B.I.G. there . Over the next two years , I would travel the country , taking B.I.G. to radio stations , lunches and promotional shows , introducing him to new audiences . Crossing over into mainstream did n't apply to the then-22-year-old rapper in the way it does for many artists that do so today . Artists who made hip-hop were not invited to awards shows , fashion shows or the White House like they are now . In 1994 , America as a whole still seemed uneasy with the genre . But instead of conforming to appeal to the mainstream , B.I.G. creatively figured out ways to be authentic . That authenticity , combined with his talent , brought mass appeal . And when he did breakthrough , subsequently opening doors for other rappers to benefit from his success , he never compromised that authenticity . He was always proud of his hometown of Brooklyn , never forgetting where he came from as his success took him elsewhere . Even if the mainstream did n't know it yet at the time , Brooklyn for many years has been the breeding ground for many of today 's top lawyers , doctors , celebrities and athletes . B.I.G. was proud of where he came from , showed it in his music and found success through his embrace of his roots . Maybe the most poignant analogy that B.I.G. made in his music was a reference that he 's the "  rap Alfred Hitchcock . " As Andrew Noz points out in our annual ICON issue of The FADER that was dedicated to the Notorious B.I.G.  Issue No. 73 , April 2011  : "  The boast may have been a simple comment on how B.I.G. 's rotund figure projected a silhouette similar to the filmmaker , but there 's a deeper spiritual bond between the two -- the detail obsession of full-blown perfectionists . " He goes on to highlight , "  Equally mind-blowing is how these skills came to be , borne practically from nothing . B.I.G. entered the game as a fully formed rapper , with seemingly no blemishes on his track record . " It 's vital to point out that B.I.G. ascended from Brooklyn , and every experience in his life contributed to his outputs . Much like Hitchcock , B.I.G. was able to express his thoughts with objective and subjective points of view seemingly without effort . He expressed his views on what he saw , from the perils of the streets to "  eating shrimp a la carte , with some -LSB- women -RSB- from Brussels , eating clams or mussels -LSB- from the track , ` My Downfall ' -RSB- " . Creating an audio road map complete with visuals , he rhymed in intricate detail about everything from elaborate heists , to taking revenge on enemies , to bank accounts in Brazil , all without letting go of the place that shaped him -- bringing it with him wherever he went . And the neighborhood loved him back . Following B.I.G. 's death at 24 on March 9 , 1997 , the man who proclaimed he was "  Ready to Die " was mourned in Brooklyn as a funeral procession made its way through the streets of his youth . As I said in our FADER tribute to my friend , I 've often wondered what B.I.G. would think of all the coverage he has gotten over the years . I think he 'd appreciate the cultural impact he has had . He 'd want Brooklyn represented the right way , for his crew to be acknowledged and for the world to know that he was very aware , a stand-up guy , a jokester , a caring father and son , and extremely determined . With that in mind , we should celebrate his life -- and spread love the Brooklyn way .	Rob Stone on his friend Notorious B.I.G : "  I first met B.I.G. at a Clive Davis event " Stone : "  I would travel the country , taking B.I.G. to radio stations , lunches " Stone : "  B.I.G. was able to express his thoughts with objective , subjective points of view "
New York  CNN  -- There are dozens of get-well cards on his wall . On his bed , there 's another pile from family , friends , high school pals . The patient must be 19 or 20 -- a kid -- and his smile is magnetic . His mother hugs every visitor , strangers like us included . "  I 'm a hugger , " she explains . His girlfriend is by his bedside too , wearing a sweatshirt from her college in upstate New York , her studies interrupted . "  My leg will never be a hundred percent , " he says , "  which means I just have to get a new hundred percent . " It helps that we were visiting this wounded soldier at Walter Reed Army Medical Center , a few weeks ago , with the actor Woody Harrelson , instantly recognizable from TV and movies . Woody is profoundly good-natured and can make anyone smile , even the maimed young men and women , just back from a combat zone they carried home with them . But this particular soldier/kid is happy anyway . Happy to be alive , mature enough to be grateful . A few weeks earlier , an Afghan soldier he had known for eight months -- a man who fought by his side -- turned his rifle on his American "  allies " and killed two of this soldier 's buddies , wounding three , including him . This kid knows he 's among the lucky ones . "  I have no idea why he did it , " he says . "  It 's the Middle East , " I reply . "  I guess so , " he says with a sigh . In room after room , our delegation encounters stories of war that are just not a part of the national conversation . I keep thinking : Whatever happened to the telling of these stories in America ? Do we need a Washington lobbyist to push the soldier 's - story agenda ? Individual tales make up the reality of war ; anecdote by anecdote , they become the truth of combat . But in the U.S. mainstream media , they have too little presence . How did we get to a place where sharing a soldier 's narrative or reading soldiers ' names on television or meeting their coffins when they are brought back to their country becomes a political or disloyal act ? Why ca n't we share the truth about war ? When I was growing up in Israel , we saw scenes from military funerals on the news : screaming , crying mothers and all . Wounded soldiers would be interviewed , sometimes with burned bodies or missing limbs . It was not political ; it was just the subjective , human reality of the soldier . There was a need to know . It gave our warriors a public stage from which to reconnect . I remember coming back from Lebanon when I was a soldier in the '80s , feeling like I 've just been to another planet . Filmmaking , storytelling , was my therapy . We made an earlier trip to Walter Reed , along with our lead Ben Foster , to immerse ourselves in the lives of returning soldiers in preparation for making a movie about casualty notification officers , the soldiers who knock on the door to bring the grim news of a loved one 's death while on military duty . We think of it as an uplifting movie about getting back to life . When we tell these troops about our movie , most smile bitterly ; they know their families were spared that awful encounter -- they got a phone call -- but they imagine their friends ' families having their hearts ripped out by two soldiers in Class A uniforms at the door . "  The secretary of the Army regrets to inform you ... " Visiting a military hospital is always an inspiring , shocking , beautiful , complicated experience . I highly recommend it . It 's a gift to the soldier , and it 's a blessing for the visitor . Those who are in good enough shape to talk take us to the front lines of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom in vivid , visceral detail . We feel privileged to hear their voices crack , to see their eyes fill with tears . Firefights . IEDs . Accidents . Friendly fire . Boredom . Porn . Burn pits . Torn up buddies . Locals . Shifting alliances . Lives lost in translation . The stuff of war . Nothing pretty about it . And that 's OK . If these guys can live through it , we can listen . It does n't take much before you 're reminded that wars are about human beings -- on both sides . With more than 5,000 dead ; more than 35,000 soldiers coming back with injuries , many that will last a lifetime ; with one in six returning soldiers afflicted with post-traumatic stress disorder ; and with families torn apart by multiple deployments , domestic violence , substance abuse , divorces , suicides , homelessness , etc. , we are slowly transitioning into the longest part of the war : the aftermath . There are many dedicated professionals and volunteers who are dealing with these issues . They 're the ones who will be learning the soldier-stories that we all must know , the individual accounts that should allow us to address , head-on , our collective responsibility as a society toward those who fight in our name . But we wo n't hear these stories unless we insist . Instead , we 'll get more statistics , political punditry , screamers trying to pull us left or right . We say goodbye to this kid in his military hospital bed . He waves and says , "  No need to worry about me . " Which is the only thing I think he got wrong . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Oren Moverman .	Oren Moverman says soldiers ' stories tell war 's truth , but media often avoid them He says visiting soldiers in a military hospital is inspiring , not pretty , but important Listening to soldiers ' experience lets society confront its responsibility in war , he says
United Nations  CNN  -- A U.N. expert panel alleges that North Korea exported banned nuclear and ballistic missile technology to several rogue nations . The 75-page report , complied by a seven-member panel reporting to the United Nations Security Council , states that North Korea is involved in "  nuclear and ballistic missile-related activities in certain countries , including Iran , Syria and Myanmar " and that special attention should be given by all member countries to inhibit such activities . The report , which was released this week , had been delayed from publication for six months by China , a friendly nation to North Korea , according to a diplomat familiar with the case . The diplomat spoke in a background briefing and did not want to be identified . Read more of CNN 's coverage on North Korea The experts write that North Korea is getting around U.N.-imposed sanctions and is masking financial transactions by the use of "  overseas entities , shell companies , informal transfer mechanisms , cash couriers and barter arrangements . " The report goes on to state that North Korea "  has established a highly sophisticated international network for the acquisition , marketing and sale of arms and military equipment , and arms exports have become one of the country 's principal sources for obtaining foreign exchange . " The report detailed some of the ways is says North Korea -- formally known as the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  DPRK  -- gets around U.N. sanctions : -- The DPRK is believed to use air cargo to handle high-valued and sensitive arms exports . Such cargo can be sent by direct air cargo from the DPRK to the destination country . Some modern cargo planes , for example , can fly non-stop from the DPRK to Iran , when routed directly through neighboring air space . -- A technique now being used by the DPRK to conceal its arms exports is to ship components for the assembly of arms overseas in the form of "  knock-down kits " which can be delivered to foreign assembly plants , the report says . In some cases , this is a turn-key operation with the participation of DPRK scientists , technicians and specialists . The North Korean government had no immediate response to the report . The United Nations Security Council imposed its last sanctions on North Korea in 2009 after the country conducted a nuclear test .	A U.N. report says North Korea exported nuclear and missile technology The materials went to countries including Iran , Syria and Myanmar , the report says There was no immediate response from North Korea The U.N. imposed sanctions against North Korea after a nuclear test in 2009
Katherine Sutherland , an OB-GYN in Mountain View , California , knows something about terrible periods -- and not just from her patients . She used to go through tampons every hour , excusing herself to go to the bathroom between appointments . Heavy bleeding made doing what she really loved -- hiking -- especially difficult . Truth is , she wanted her period to go away altogether . In 2003 Sutherland , then age 51 , got her wish . She had a minor surgical procedure called endometrial ablation , or by its brand name , NovaSure , to remove her uterine lining and stop heavy bleeding . And she has n't had a period since . "  I was delighted , " she says . "  Up until that time I 'd never missed one period . " Sutherland recently hiked 8,000 feet to the ancient Incan city of Machu Picchu in Peru . About two-thirds of regularly menstruating women have premenstrual symptoms . Many women , perhaps 95 percent , have period issues -- bleeding like Sutherland 's , debilitating pain , out-of-control PMS , or annoyances such as constipation or diarrhea . Thanks to a variety of new remedies that can make over  or eliminate !  periods , you do n't have to suffer . We 've collected the best fixes for five of your most common problems . Killer cramps Virtually all women in their childbearing years have period pain  or dysmenorrhea  . In fact , it 's a leading reason for calling in sick to work or school . "  Your uterus is a muscle , and it squeezes really hard , " says Susan Haas , M.D. , an associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Boston University . "  Sometimes it can squeeze so hard it blocks the arteries coming into it . Just like in a heart attack , when the arteries are blocked , it causes pain . " Health.com : Pelvic pain -- solve the mystery The fixes Naproxen , aspirin , and ibuprofen help by short-circuiting the production of pain-causing chemicals called prostaglandins that are involved in muscle contractions . They work best if you start an hour before your cramps hit . "  Load up with a double dose and keep the blood level up , " Haas says .  The maximum safe daily dose of ibuprofen is 2,400 milligrams , or 12 200-mg pills . Take the minimum dosage that works for you .  Right when you get your period , start with 800 mg and then go to 600 mg every six hours . But talk to your doctor if you have elevated heart disease risks ; the Food and Drug Administration recently reported that all NSAIDs , except aspirin , may heighten cardiovascular risks . And remember that extended use of high dosages of aspirin or NSAIDs may cause gastrointestinal troubles . Omega-3 fats from fish oil seem to block prostaglandin production , too . And research shows that women with low intakes of omega-3s have more painful periods . While mainstream docs are mostly neutral on the idea of increasing omega-3s to fight period pain , some think it makes sense . Heat is an old-fashioned , but useful remedy for relaxing crampy muscles . Get out your heating pad , or try new nonprescription heat wraps , which last for eight hours and can be worn under clothes . Health.com : Your guide to fibroid fixes Severe bleeding Ten million American women have heavy bleeding , also called menorrhagia .  The average woman loses about three to four tablespoons per cycle ; more than five tablespoons is considered heavy . The fixes NovaSure , in which a wand is inserted into the uterus through the cervix , emits energy that , in most cases , permanently removes the uterine lining . It 's best for women who , like Katherine Sutherland , no longer want to have children .  Getting pregnant after having the uterine lining removed could be risky .  The five-minute procedure is done in a gynecologist 's office . Many women report lighter bleeding right away . And a recent study found that after seven years , more than 95 percent stopped having periods . The 365-day birth-control pill , called Lybrel , is another way to skip monthly menstruation . Approved by the FDA in May , Lybrel has no placebo pills , so you just keep taking an active pill each day .  Breakthrough bleeding can be an issue for about 20 percent of users . And , since Lybrel contains estrogen , it 's not for women who are prone to blood clots , such as smokers , who get migraines with an aura or who are over age 35 with elevated heart disease risks .  Health.com : Is it safe to ditch your period ? If you 'd prefer having a period , just with less bleeding , the traditional pill is also useful for curbing heavy flow . Its constant level of progesterone causes the endometrium to develop a much thinner lining . During your week of placebo pills , you get a lighter period because you shed a thinner lining over time . Another option is to have a period just four times a year : With Seasonale and Seasonique you take 84 active pills in a row . Mirena may be for you if pill-taking is n't your thing . This intrauterine device secretes progestin on a daily basis , thinning the uterine lining so there 's virtually nothing to shed . "  One-third of women get no period , one-third get a much lighter period , and the other third have only irregular spotting , " says Dan I. Lebovic , M.D. , a reproductive endocrinology and fertility specialist at the University of Michigan Health System . Drawbacks ? Pain during insertion , and possible cramps and bleeding for about three weeks afterward . Punishing PMS About two-thirds of regularly menstruating women have premenstrual symptoms , says Jean Endicott , Ph.D. , director of the Premenstrual Evaluation Unit at Columbia University 's College of Physicians and Surgeons . It could be headaches , breast tenderness , or big , unpleasant mood swings . Up to 8 percent of women who have PMS suffer mood changes severe enough to cause problems in their personal lives and daily routines ; this more serious version of PMS is called premenstrual dysphoric disorder , or PMDD . The fixes Calcium supplements are a good first thing to try , Endicott says , because research shows they ease symptoms .  Calcium may help even out hormone levels , although no one knows for sure why it works .  Besides , most women do n't get enough calcium in their diets anyway . She suggests 1,200 mg daily , and not just on the day you 're PMS-ing . "  It should help take the edge off " over time , Endicott says . Daily exercise -- like fast walking , lifting weights , or even dancing -- may be the last thing you want to do when in the throes of PMS , but it has proven antidepressant and antianxiety effects . Antidepressants  Paxil , Prozac , Sarafem , and Zoloft , to name a few  can relieve severe symptoms . The new twist is that you do n't have to take one daily -- but instead as soon as you feel anxious . "  We tell  women who choose this option  to put a red flag on the calendar noting when they 're likely to have symptoms so they remember to take the medication beforehand , when it can be most effective , " Endicott says . Another choice : Yaz , a birth-control pill that 's FDA-approved to treat PMDD . Clinical trials show it can cut symptoms by at least half , though the reasons are unclear . Gastro upsets Many women have diarrhea , gas , or constipation during their periods . Prostaglandins , the chemicals that cause cramping in your uterus , do the same in your bowels . "  For lots of women , it 's common to have a loose stool or diarrhea on the day they have a lot of bleeding , " says Leslie Miller , M.D. , University of Washington-Seattle clinical associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology . The fixes Fiber can help keep GI issues under control . Aim for 30 grams a day from cereal , fruit with the skin , and vegetables . But do n't add fiber to your diet too fast when you get your period ; that could worsen diarrhea . For constipation , check your habits . Miller says women often hold in bowel movements because they 're in public places . Before you know it , you are bloated and constipated . "  When you get the urge , go , " Miller advises . Ibuprofen and other similar anti-inflammatory medicines may reduce gastro cramping . To avoid tummy irritation , take it with food . All of the above Some women experience a combo of excessive bleeding , cramping , breast tenderness , headaches , PMS , and other troubles . What to do ? The fix Stop treating the individual symptoms . Miller recommends continuous birth control pills -- you just skip the placebo week and move on to your next pack . If your insurer wo n't pay for that , ask about Lybrel and the other pill options . Also , consider NovaSure if childbearing is n't in your future . E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Perhaps as many as 95 percent of women have issues with their period Naproxen , aspirin , ibuprofen can ease painful cramps Procedure known as endometrial ablation can reduce excessive bleeding Try calcium supplements to ease headaches , breast tenderness , mood swings
CNN  -- For the first time in history , a woman has received the highest honor in mathematics , often nicknamed the Nobel Prize of mathematics . Since it was established in 1936 , the Fields Medal had gone only to men , until Wednesday , when Maryam Mirzakhani received it in Seoul , South Korea , from the International Mathematical Union . "  This is a great honor . I will be happy if it encourages young female scientists and mathematicians , " Mirzakhani said , according to a statement from Stanford University , where she is a professor . For those of us less versed in the uppermost echelons of mathematics and geometry than Mirzakhani , it 's mind-twisting to understand the abstract accomplishments that got her field 's highest recognition . Mirzakhani has delved into the depths of geometry , helping bring unexpected order to an area that many of her colleagues considered chaotic and hardly tamable . And her peers have found this very exciting . The International Mathematical Union called her long list of accomplishments in Reimann surfaces and moduli spaces "  stunning . " What are those ? Simply put , those are complex geometric forms . Anyone who has had high school algebra and geometry may remember that shapes like squares , triangles , circles and spheres are described by mathematical formulas . But jump to more complex , roundish , theoretical objects , like perfectly formed doughnuts , ultra-warped , crisscrossed potato chips , undulating geometric pretzels or uneven blobs like amoebas . That 's getting close to the kind of math and geometry Mirzakhani works with . Go deeper , and things can appear to descend into infinite chaos . Find that intimidating ? Some bright mathematical minds do , too . "  Because of its complexities and inhomogeneity , moduli space has often seemed impossible to work on directly , " the International Mathematical Union said . "  But not to Mirzakhani . " But even she finds those theoretical depths challenging . "  It is like being lost in a jungle and trying to use all the knowledge that you can gather to come up with some new tricks , and with some luck you might find a way out , " she said . What 's it good for ? Mirzakhani 's work was not driven by any practical purpose -- like engineering -- but purely to satisfy mathematical curiosity , to create more knowledge . The implications of her work go beyond just the description of shapes . Since her area of math also informs physicists , her work could help advance scientists ' understanding of the origins of the universe and the workings of subatomic particles , which could have implications for engineering . The International Mathematical Union praised Mirzakhani for her mastery of various contrasting aspects of mathematics . Equally as impressive is how Mirzakhani got to where she is today . From Tehran to Stanford She discovered her knack for numbers in high school in her native Iran , where she grew up in the capital , Tehran . Media in Iran are also reporting about her achievement . "  It is fun -- it 's like solving a puzzle or connecting the dots in a detective case , " she said . As a teenager , she gained international attention when she won gold medals in two International Math Olympiads , achieving a perfect score in one of them . Mirzakhani got her undergraduate degree at Sharif University of Technology , then moved to the United States , where she went to work on her doctorate at Harvard University . She was an assistant professor at Princeton University before moving to Stanford . The Fields Medal , officially called the International Medal for Outstanding Discoveries in Mathematics , is awarded every four years . The past 52 recipients were men . This year 's medal went to four recipients in total . The other three were also men .	The Fields Medal is often nicknamed the Nobel Prize of mathematics Since it was established in 1936 , it previously had gone only to men Maryam Mirzakhani helped bring unexpected order to an area considered chaotic by many She hopes her receiving the award will encourage young women in the field
CNN  The former imperial capital of Hue sits just below what was once the demilitarized zone between North and South Vietnam and was , near the end of the war , the site of some of its fiercest fighting . You 've seen it in newsreel footage -- and recreated  in England  in Stanley Kubrick 's "  Full Metal Jacket . " It 's one of the few areas of Vietnam I 've never been . Hue is , in many ways , a city of ghosts , of memories and spirits -- and we play on that in Sunday 's episode . It begins with a camera movement inside a "  Spirit House " -- the dollhouse-sized shrines that many believers keep outside their homes and businesses . The Vietnamese are largely ancestor worshippers . Helping your deceased relatives into the next life -- and making sure they are happy while there -- is important . On special days and holidays , families visit temples and pagodas and leave offerings , often food , sometimes replicas of money or appliances or luxuries for the departed . Things they liked in life that might make the afterlife more comfortable . Spirit houses , as I understand them , are designed to deal with the problem of hungry , dissatisfied spirits who may not be settled , who have , for one reason or another , unfinished business left behind . They sit out front , or near the house or store , usually filled with incense and offerings , in the hope of distracting the spirits away from the main destination . In the weeks following the initial North Vietnamese taking of the city of Hue , many hundreds -- if not thousands -- of citizens , deemed dangerous or counterrevolutionary or otherwise undesirable , were summarily executed and buried in unmarked mass graves by the communist forces . When the United States Marines and army of South Vietnam retook the city , it was only at the end of brutal , house-to-house fighting and finally , airstrikes , that Hue was retaken -- flattening much of the city in the process . Many , many people were lost , their bodies never identified or recovered . This , the inability to find the physical remains of a relative , is a particular agony to Vietnamese . For this reason , this episode is haunted by ghosts . We had n't intended it to be so . But that definitely emerged as a theme . You feel it as you drive the streets and early morning rice paddies on a scooter , walk the parapets of the ancient citadel , look at the flag hanging in the mist across the Perfume River . At one point , a young woman I 'm having dinner with casually mentions that her mother does n't like her to go out after dark . Too many ghosts . I do n't want you to think that this episode of "  Parts Unknown " is some kind of a bummer -- a depressing discussion of a war about which there are still strong feelings and disagreements here . It 's not . One of the crazily awesome , incongruous things about Vietnam that I 've found from the first time I visited is how friendly , welcoming , quick to move beyond the past the Vietnamese are . It is an incredibly beautiful country . One filled with passionate , proud cooks , and opinionated , enthusiastic eaters . You will see me with some old friends -- and you will , as always in Vietnam , see me eating some amazing food . And if you thought pho was the best thing ever ? Wait 'til you see Bun Bo Hue .	Anthony Bourdain returns to a country he 's loved since his first visit The city of Hue , Vietnam , is a city of spirits and ghosts The episode deals with the past , but also with the vibrant present
Washington  CNN  -- Frank Buckles , the last living U.S. World War I veteran , has died , a spokesman for his family said Sunday . He was 110 . Lawmakers Monday began to move ahead with proposed resolutions that would allow his casket to be displayed at the Capitol Rotunda , and plans were already in the works for his burial at Arlington National Cemetery . Buckles "  died peacefully in his home of natural causes " early Sunday morning , the family said in a statement sent to CNN late Sunday by spokesman David DeJonge . Buckles marked his 110th birthday on February 1 , but his family had earlier told CNN he had slowed considerably since last fall , according his daughter Susannah Buckles Flanagan , who lives at the family home near Charles Town , West Virginia . Buckles , who served as a U.S. Army ambulance driver in Europe during what was then known as the "  Great War , " rose to the rank of corporal before the war ended . His assignments included that of an escort for German prisoners of war . Little did he know he would someday become a prisoner of war during World War II . He came to prominence in recent years , in part because of the work of DeJonge , a Michigan portrait photographer who had undertaken a project to document the last surviving veterans of that war . As the years continued , all but Buckles had passed away , leaving him the "  last man standing " among U.S. troops who were called "  The Doughboys . " His death leaves only two verified surviving WWI veterans in the world , both of whom are British . President Obama issued a statement Monday on Buckles ' passing , saying he and first lady Michelle Obama were "  inspired " by Buckles ' story . Frank Buckles lived the American Century , " Obama 's statement said . "  Like so many veterans , he returned home , continued his education , began a career , and along with his late wife Audrey , raised their daughter Susannah . ... We join Susannah and all those who knew and loved her father in celebrating a remarkable life that reminds us of the true meaning of patriotism and our obligations to each other as Americans . " Buckles told CNN in 2007 he accepted the responsibility of honoring those who had gone before him , and to be their voice for permanent , national recognition after he was gone . DeJonge found himself the spokesman and advocate for Buckles in his mission to see to it that his comrades were honored with a monument on the National Mall , pushing for improvements to a neglected , obscure city memorial nearly in the shadow of the elaborate World War II memorial . Buckles wanted national status granted to the D.C. War Memorial , a marble gazebo built in the 1930s that , for now , honors only his comrades from the District of Columbia . His call was to elevate the designation of the site to join U.S. honors accorded to those who served in World War II , Korea and Vietnam . "  We have come to the end of a chapter in history , " said Rep. Ted Poe , R-Texas , a House sponsor of legislation to upgrade the DC War Memorial . "  Frank was the last American Doughboy -- a national treasure , " Poe said in a statement provided to CNN . The "  Frank Buckles WWI Memorial Act " passed the House but had not cleared the Senate before Congress adjourned . Poe on Monday restated his support for a House resolution that would allow a public display for Buckles in the Capitol Rotunda . Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia is a co-sponsor of the Senate proposal . Buckles , at the age of 108 , came to Capitol Hill from West Virginia in 2009 to testify before a Senate panel on behalf of the D.C. War Memorial bill . He sat alongside Rockefeller and fellow proponent Sens. John Thune , R-South Dakota , and Jim Webb , D-Virginia . "  I have to , " he told CNN when he came to Washington , as part of what he considered his responsibility to honor the memory of fellow veterans . Rockefeller praised Buckles in a statement Monday , calling him "  a unique American , a wonderfully plain-spoken man , and an icon for the World War I generation . " "  His life was full and varied and an inspiration for his unbridled patriotism and enthusiam for life , " the statement said . Buckles , after World War I ended , took up a career as a ship 's officer on merchant vessels . He was captured by the Japanese in the Philippines during World War II and held prisoner of war for more than three years before he was freed by U.S. troops . Never saying much about his POW experience , Buckles instead wanted attention drawn to the plight of the D.C. War Memorial . During a visit to the run-down , neglected site a few years ago , he went past the nearby World War II memorial without stopping , even as younger veterans stopped and saluted the old soldier in his wheelchair as he went by . Renovations to the structure began last fall , but Buckles , with his health already failing , could not make a trip to Washington to review the improvements . The National Park Service is overseeing efforts that include replacing a neglected walkway and dressing up a deteriorated dome and marble columns . Details for services and arrangements will be announced in the days ahead , the family statement said . Flanagan , his daughter , said preliminary plans began weeks ago , with the Military District of Washington expressing its support for an honors burial at Arlington , including an escort platoon , a horse-drawn casket arrival , a band and a firing party . "  It has long been my father 's wish to be buried in Arlington , in the same cemetery that holds his beloved General  John  Pershing , " Flanagan wrote as she began to prepare for the inevitable in a letter she sent to home-state U.S. Sen. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia . "  I feel confident that the right thing will come to pass , " she said . Manchin issued a statement Monday that read , in part , "  He lived a long and rich life as a true American patriot , and I hope that his family 's loss is lightened with the knowledge that he was loved and will be missed by so many . " Buckles in 2008 attended Veterans Day ceremonies at the grave of Pershing , the commander of U.S. troops during World War I . He also met with then-President George W. Bush at the White House , and U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates at the Pentagon . "  The First World War is not well understood or remembered in the United States , " Gates said at the time . "  There is no big memorial on the National Mall . Hollywood has not turned its gaze in this direction for decades . Yet few events have so markedly shaped the world we live in . " Buckles ' family asks that donations be made to the National World War I Legacy Project to honor Frank Buckles and the 4,734,991 Americans with whom he served . More than 116,000 Americans were killed , and more than 204,000 wounded , in the 19 months of U.S. involvement in the war , according to the Congressional Research Service . The overall death toll of the 1914-18 conflict was more than 16.5 million , including nearly 7 million civilians , and more than 20 million wounded . Details can be found at : www.frankbuckles.org .	NEW : Lawmakers move to allow his casket to be displayed in Capitol Rotunda A family spokesman says Frank Buckles died peacefully in his West Virginia home Plans call for burial at Arlington National Cemetery Frank Buckles had been pushing for national status for a World War I memorial in Washington
CNN  -- The leaders of Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa -- collectively known as the fast-growing BRICS economies -- began arriving Wednesday in New Delhi amid protests from Tibetan groups against the arrival of Chinese President Hu Jintao . A Tibetan demonstrator who set himself ablaze in protest against Beijing died of his injuries Wednesday , officials at New Delhi 's Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital said . Janphel Yeshi , 27 , set himself on fire Monday and was hospitalized with burns to 90 % of his body . Self-immolation has become a common form of protest for Tibetans who accuse Beijing of repression . More than 30 of them took place in the last year in China , Tibetan advocacy groups say . Authorities in New Delhi banned protest gatherings around the city 's key government and embassy district where the BRICS summit will be held . Police were also dispatched to Tibetan communities where protests had flared up , police spokesman Rajan Bhagat told CNN . On Tuesday , police cordoned off some communities and a number of arrests were made , according to Indo-Asian News Service Many ethnic Tibetans fled Tibet for India with the Dalai Lama in 1959 after a failed uprising . The BRICS summit on Thursday is expected to focus on greater economic cooperation among the five nations , including the creation of a development bank to fund projects and trade in the developing world -- a move viewed as a way to present an alternative to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank . President Barack Obama nominated an American to lead the World Bank , despite calls from BRICS for the U.S. to break with tradition and nominate a bank chief from the developing world . BRIC was created as an acronym by Goldman Sachs economist Jim O'Neill to describe the world 's fastest growing markets . Goldman Sachs predicts the economies of Brazil , Russia , India and China collectively could be larger than the G7 by 2027 . This is the fourth summit of the BRICS heads of states . South Africa was asked to join last year , although many economists -- including O'Neill , who coined the term -- question whether South Africa has the global economic importance of the other four emerging economies . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report	Protests in Indian among the Tibetan community against Chinese President Hu Jintao Hu arriving in New Delhi for Thursdays BRICS summit of fast growing emerging economies A Tibetan demonstrator who set himself ablaze in protest against Beijing died Wednesday Leaders of Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa will meet on economic issues
CNN  -- An album release party at a Chicago nightclub ended in gunfire , sending seven people to the hospital early Thursday morning , police said . All seven were listed in stable condition , Chicago police spokesman Hector Alfaro said . He said the shooting took place at an album release party for a rapper . The night 's rap concert at Mr. G 's Entertainment Center featured Lil ' Mouse and King Samson , the Chicago Tribune reported , citing police and a patron of the club . A fight broke out , and three men pulled out weapons and started firing , Alfaro said . A 19-year-old female was among the seven shot . The rest were men between ages 20 and 30 , he said . Police believe the shooting is gang related , but they do n't have anyone in custody .	NEW : Report : Lil ' Mouse and King Samson were performing at the club All seven people shot are in stable condition The shooting took place during an album release party Police believe it is gang-related
Gary , Indiana  CNN  -- Seven women killed . At least . To make sure the toll is n't higher , Indiana authorities spent Tuesday canvassing abandoned properties in Gary , Indiana . This comes after authorities say Darren Deon Vann -- the man who , according to police documents , admitted strangling a woman inside a nearby Motel 6 room -- confessed to killing six others and led police to their bodies . "  This gentleman killed , and his MO was to put his bodies in these houses , " police Sgt. William Fazekas said from Gary 's Glen Park neighborhood , where several victims were found . Suspect identified after 7 bodies found So teams of law enforcement officers hit the streets Tuesday , some accompanied by cadaver dogs . Gary Police Chief Larry McKinley said 35 officers spent the day going through about 120 structures , out of an estimated 10,000 vacant properties in the city of 80,000 people , and those efforts will continue . Even without any admissions of more killings , authorities are not taking any chances . "  He has been accurate about the information that he has been given , but that does not mean that we are simply going on his information , " said Gary Mayor Karen Freeman-Wilson . As of late Tuesday afternoon , Vann , 43 , did not have any legal representation and had n't requested a public defender , said David Schneider , the chief public defender in Lake County , Indiana . Nor has he appeared in front of cameras or a judge ; that will come Wednesday morning at a magistrate court hearing at the county jail in Crown Point . Yet authorities say he has been talking to them , including leading them to the six other bodies on Sunday . Asked why Vann chose to cooperate , Hammond Police Chief John Doughty said he wanted to cut a deal with prosecutors , but did n't provide further details . "  It was just something he wanted to do , " the chief said . "  That 's all I can say . " While taken aback by the horrific story , Gary residents are n't surprised the abandoned properties played into it . There 's been a push to tear them down or do something else about them , amid fears that shady characters have used them for no-good deeds . One young woman , Tatianna Foster , said she does n't leave home after 8 p.m. because of it . "  Because it 's so dark out here , they call it ` Scary Gary , ' " she said . Ronnie Williams , who lives half a block from where some bodies were found , says the whole horrifying ordeal makes him want to leave Gary . "  I 've got seven kids , two sets of twins , " Williams said . "  I ca n't take that chance . " ` Low-risk ' sex offender after aggravated sexual assault The Indiana-born Vann spent time not only in Gary , about 30 miles southeast of Chicago , but also in Austin , Texas . That 's where , in December 2007 , he repeatedly struck , choked and raped a 25-year-old Hispanic female , according to Texas Department of Criminal Justice spokesman Jason Clark . Vann was later convicted of aggravated sexual assault , a first-degree felony . He served five years in prison , from 2008 to July 2013 . After registering as a "  low-risk " sex offender in Texas , Vann told prison officials that he would be moving more than 1,000 miles northeast to Indiana , Clark said . He did register as a sex offender in Lake County . Officers checked in with him there on September 14 to confirm he was at his stated address . That 's all that is required , Lake County sheriff 's spokeswoman Patti Van Til said . "  If we had gotten an anonymous tip that he had gotten a job or was driving a car that did n't belong to him , that would be different . But we were not required , and there were no anonymous tips . " That 2007 incident was n't Vann 's only brush with the law . Records also show he was arrested on unspecified charges while living in Cherry Point , North Carolina , in 1993 . And court records indicate Vann was convicted in Lake County , Indiana , of misdemeanor residential entry in 2004 . The affidavit tied to that crime says he put his girlfriend in a headlock while holding a lighter near a gas can -- an apparent threat to burn her -- before police eventually grabbed and arrested him . Vann served 90 days in jail for that crime , a class D felony . Edward Matlock , whose mother married Vann in the 1990s , described him as "  a nutcase who I 'd never allow near my kids or in my house . " Matlock said Vann and his mother divorced after 16 years . "  He was just a strange guy , " said Matlock . Coroner seek help identifying 2 bodies Right now , Vann faces charges in one death -- that of 19-year-old Afrikka Hardy , whose body was found in a Motel 6 in Hammond . But Gary Police Chief Larry McKinley told reporters on Tuesday that his department will file charges in "  the next couple of days " against Vann in the deaths of 28-year-old Teaira Batey , 36-year-old Kristine Williams and 35-year-old Anith Jones , the latter of whom had been missing since October . "  Murder is our ultimate charge , " McKinley said . The other three bodies have not yet been identified . The Lake County Coroner asked for the public 's help Tuesday in trying to identify two of the women . One of them was wearing a bracelet that included the words "  Best Aunt , " as well as a silver , heart-shaped ring . The other was wearing a pair of jeans -- the brand is twentyone black by rue 21 -- and white Nike shoes . Batey 's boyfriend , Marvin Clinton , said her death leaves a big hole . The couple have a 2-year-old son . "  That 's going to be the hardest part about it , " he told WLS . "  Because he loved his mama , and she loved him . It 's devastating . " CNN 's Poppy Harlow reported from Gary , Indiana , and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Ed Payne , Chad Weaver , Miguel Marquez , Marina Carver , Chuck Johnston , Sonia Moghe , Haimy Assefa , Ronni Berke , Stephanie Gallman , Renee Wunderlich and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Police : Authorities with cadaver dogs go through about 120 abandoned structures NEW : "  Murder is our ultimate charge , " chief says of what Vann will face in 3 other deaths Police : Darren Deon Vann has admitted to 7 killings in northern Indiana He was arrested in one death , then led authorities to 6 other bodies , authorities say
CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced recently that about 100 U.S. troops are being deployed to Central Africa to help "  apprehend and remove " the elusive Joseph Kony and his top commanders of the Lord 's Resistance Army . It 's not the first time the United States has gone in to help put an end to the marauding , murdering gang known as the Lord 's Resistance Army -- LRA , for short . The LRA has butchered , enslaved and displaced people in Uganda and Central Africa for two decades . Although its brand of terrorism does n't target the United States , Washington has listed it as a terrorist group . The U.S. decision to help go after Kony is a strategic -- as well as a humanitarian -- one . Africa is a frontier for terrorism . Uganda is fighting Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia -- which helps the United States -- so in turn , the U.S. is helping Uganda fight the LRA . The Lord 's Resistance Army began in northern Uganda in 1987 as an opposition force to leader Yoweri Museveni . Kony sees himself as a prophet who has said he wants to rule by following the Ten Commandments . Instead , he has ruled -- and thrived -- by breaking a lot of those commandments . The Ugandan army -- with the help of the U.S. military -- has tried for years to take him and his leadership out . The International Criminal Court has had a warrant out for him since 2005 . The Lord 's Resistance Army replenishes its ranks by abducting villagers -- men , women and children -- brainwashing them and forcing them to fight . Or to serve as sex slaves for commanders . LRA members survive by staying on the move constantly and stealing food and provisions . Last month , according to researchers , an LRA band raided a village in the Democratic Republic of Congo soon after the World Food Programme had distributed food supplies there . So what is LRA leader Kony 's secret ? How has he evaded justice to operate his band of marauders and murderers with impunity for decades ? Here are five reasons some experts give : 1 . He uses terror strategically . You 've probably seen photos of children whose noses or ears were cut off -- because they did n't obey the LRA 's orders . He 's forced children he 's abducted to kill their siblings or parents .  More : Woman recalls harrowing tale of captivity "  They use very carefully thought-through strategies to have the biggest impact , " said Tim Allen , a professor at the London School of Economics and co-author of "  The Lord 's Resistance Army : Myth and Reality . " "  In northern Uganda in 2004 , " Allen said , "  they took some 20-odd women with their babies out of the displacement camp , laid them on the ground with their babies on their backs and smashed their brains in . " And they did it at the edge of the camp -- so that everyone in the camp would see . "  They did n't do that very often , " Allen said . "  But you do n't have to do that sort of thing very often to have a large impact on a lot of people . " 2 . Kony exploits regional politics and borders . He got support from the Sudanese government for years . And the LRA uses borders as a defense : It has n't been in Uganda for years . That 's made it hard for the Ugandan army to pursue Kony . The militia is split and is constantly moving between the Democratic Republic of Congo , the Central African Republic and southern Sudan . 3 . Uganda 's efforts to get Kony have flagged . Uganda 's army has been stretched to the hilt , fighting Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia as part of an African Union force . 4 . Kony is a smart strategist . His band travels in small groups , and they 're a moving target . And he has informants -- with cell phones . The last time the U.S. military helped Uganda go after Kony , in 2008 , it used a traditional air and ground assault . Kony and his leaders escaped , then massacred hundreds of people in revenge . This time , the United States is bringing Special Forces  and probably other intelligence agents  with equipment and tactics to track him in the jungle . 5 . Kony mixes military discipline with cultish charisma and spiritual tactics to keep captives in line -- and sometimes , to keep the loyalty even of those who escape . Allen , the London School of Economics professor , has talked to women who have escaped the Lord 's Resistance Army but are still loyal to their LRA "  husbands . " "  He cultivates this image of himself as a medium for the power of the spirit and at other times , he presents himself as a ruthless military leader , " said Ned Dalby , Central Africa researcher with the International Crisis Group . "  So he 's able to maintain cohesion as a group and maintain the loyalty of his fighters . " Dalby said some former LRA fighters from northern Uganda have given a clue as to why some outside the group have stayed loyal to Kony . "  They expressed the feeling that because they were given a rank , they were given a certain purpose , and respect and authority , " Dalby said . "  And then , once they 're outside the LRA , they find they 've become just another poor person , trying to survive . "	Lord 's Resistance Army has terrorized people in Africa for two decades The group is led by the elusive Joseph Kony Experts point to Kony 's strategies and politics as some reasons why he is still at large
CNN  -- Oscar-winning actress Helen Mirren has revealed that she was date-raped when she was a student . Helen Mirren has previously spoken about a bad experience she had after taking drugs in her early 20s . In an interview with Britain 's GQ magazine , the 63-year-old also admitted to using cocaine at parties until she was forced to quit in the early 1980s . Mirren , who picked up an Academy Award last year for her starring role in "  The Queen , " said she was date-raped "  a couple of times " when she was young but did not report the attacks because "  you could n't do that in those days . " Despite her experiences , the British-born actress said date-rape was a "  tricky area " and something men and women had to work out between themselves . She said it was rape if a couple engaged in sexual activity but the woman said "  no " at the last second . Watch as Mirren 's comments spark anger " However , in comments likely to anger anti-rape campaigners , she added , "  I do n't think she can have that man into court under those circumstances . I guess it is one of the subtle parts of the men/women relationship that has to be negotiated and worked out between them . " Mirren also spoke of her "  love " for cocaine during the interview for the October edition of GQ but claimed that she gave up the drug after learning that a leading Nazi war criminal had been profiting from the drug . "  I loved coke . I never did a lot , just a little bit at parties , " she told GQ . "  But what ended it for me was when they caught Klaus Barbie , the Butcher of Lyon , in the early '80s . "  He was hiding in South America and living off the proceeds of being a cocaine baron . And I read that in the paper , and all the cards fell into place , and I saw how my little sniff of cocaine at a party had an absolute direct route to this horrible man . "	Oscar winner Helen Mirren said she was date-raped "  a couple of times " British-born actress said date rape was a "  tricky area " She gave up cocaine after hearing that a Nazi war criminal profited from the drug
CNN  -- Proposed new legislation wo n't change Ireland 's general ban on abortion , Prime Minister Enda Kenny said Wednesday , but is about "  saving lives " when pregnant women are in danger . Ireland 's government published the controversial draft measure late Tuesday to clarify what happens when there 's a threat to the mother 's life , including a risk of suicide . The government wants the legislation , the Protection of Life during Pregnancy Bill 2013 , to become law before the summer recess at the end of July . The draft bill is already prompting a divided response in Ireland , with much concern focused on the provision for pregnant women who are suicidal . Kenny , Ireland 's Taoiseach , or prime minister , acknowledged in a speech how contentious the proposal may be in the majority Roman Catholic country . "  This is an issue that has been very divisive and contentious for over 30 years , " he said . "  It 's also an issue that is complex and sensitive , about which many Irish people have sincere and strongly held views . "  We are a compassionate people . This is about women , it is about saving lives -- the life of the mother and the life of the unborn . " The government 's aim , Kenny said , "  is to protect the lives of women and their unborn babies by clarifying the circumstances in which doctors can intervene where a woman 's life is at risk . " At the same time , he said , the bill "  restates the general prohibition on abortion in Ireland . " The draft bill seeks to bring the country 's legislation into line with a Supreme Court judgment two decades ago that it is legal to end a pregnancy when there is a risk to the life of the mother . Ireland has also had to look again at its abortion legislation because of its obligations under European human rights law . Legal framework Presentation of the draft law follows calls for change from some quarters after the death last October in Galway of an Indian-born dentist who was denied an abortion while miscarrying . The coroner at an inquest into the death of Savita Halappanavar last month recommended that authorities lay out exactly when doctors can intervene to save the life of a mother . Woman 's death in Ireland abortion case ruled ` medical misadventure ' The government says its proposed bill sets out a "  clear legal framework " for women and medical practitioners in Ireland . Under the draft legislation , when the threat is not from suicide , two doctors must jointly certify that there is a "  real and substantial risk " of the loss of the pregnant woman 's life , and that they believe abortion is the only way to avert that risk . One of the doctors must be an obstetrician or gynecologist , and at least one of the two should consult with the woman 's own doctor where possible . When the risk to the pregnant woman 's life is from suicide , the assessment must be made by an obstetrician or gynecologist , along with two psychiatrists . Husband testifies his wife died after abortion was denied in Ireland A doctor is also allowed to terminate a pregnancy in the case of a medical emergency if there is an immediate threat to the pregnant woman 's life , the draft states . The procedure must be carried out by a registered medical practitioner at an appropriate location . The final decision on whether to carry out the abortion will always be made by the pregnant woman , it adds . 'Em pty and misleading ' While anti-abortion campaigners say the proposed legislation would make abortion too easy , pro-choice proponents say it will still be too difficult for women to access the procedure . United Left Alliance lawmaker Clare Daly told the Irish parliament Wednesday that the bill would not stop the "  exportation of abortion " -- referring to the Irish women who travel to Britain for terminations to circumvent the ban . Addressing the prime minister , Daly said : "  I 'm glad this legislation is before us , but let 's be clear what you 've presented is the absolute minimum . The clear intention is to make it so restrictive that most women who will be affected will not even bother , that instead they will continue to make the journey to Britain so that you can continue to pretend that there 's no Irish abortion . " Meanwhile , the Pro Life Campaign dismissed the government 's reassurances over the general abortion ban as "  empty and misleading , " and said claims the new legislation would be life-saving are dishonest . "  What matters is what 's contained in the bill , and what 's in the bill is dangerous , " said Caroline Simons , a legal consultant to the campaign . "  For the first time an Irish government is proposing to introduce a law that provides for the direct intentional targeting of the life of the unborn child . " The draft legislation will be discussed by the Irish parliament 's health committee over the coming weeks before being presented to both houses of parliament . It is almost certain to be approved in the end , as the coalition government has a big majority . Some lawmakers from the main coalition party Fine Gael are likely to vote against the bill , however . Their opposition is set to be expressed at their weekly party meeting Wednesday evening . Anti-abortion protesters may also gather Wednesday . Ireland 's deputy prime minister , or tanaiste , Eamon Gilmore , reminded lawmakers Wednesday that a small number of pregnant women do find themselves in the awful situation where their life is in danger . "  Women have a right to know that if the worst happens , they will be able to have life-saving treatment , " he said . "  Yesterday , the government made a decision that that right will now be vindicated . "	NEW : An anti-abortion campaign group says the government 's reassurances are "  misleading " "  This is about women , it is about saving lives , " says Taoiseach Enda Kenny The draft bill clarifies what happens when there 's a threat to the pregnant woman 's life A panel of medical practitioners must agree that there 's a "  real and substantial risk " to life
CNN  -- The Mexican and Belizean governments issued hurricane warnings Monday for the east coast of the Yucatan Peninsula as Tropical Storm Ernesto churned toward the area . The storm is expected to become a hurricane by Monday night . In Nicaragua , government officials said they were evacuating about 1,500 people in coastal areas and had banned boats from setting sail . As of Monday afternoon , the storm was about 160 miles  260 kilometers  east of Cabo Gracias a Dios on the Nicaraguan-Honduran border , the National Hurricane Center reported . Ernesto was moving west-nothwest at 12 mph with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph . The storm was expected to pass to the south of the Cayman Islands and near the northern coast of Honduras on Monday night . Belize also issued a hurricane warning for its east coast . Areas of the Cayman Islands , Honduras and the Yucatan Peninsula are under tropical storm warnings . Meanwhile , Florence weakened to a post-tropical system . No coastal watches or warnings were in effect for that storm , which was about 1,515 miles  2,440 kilometers  east of the northern Leeward Islands late Monday morning , the hurricane center said . It was moving west at about 15 mph . Maximum sustained winds dipped to 35 mph , and further weakening is forecast in the coming days . NASA scientist links climate change , extreme weather Lightning strikes outside NASCAR race , kills 1 Journalist Samantha Lugo and CNN 's Sarah Dillingham contributed to this report .	Tropical Storm Ernesto is expected to become a hurricane by Monday night Florence is no longer a tropical system Nicaraguan officials say they are evacuating 1,500 people from coastal areas Ernesto is expected to near the Honduran coast Monday night
CNN  -- An explosive century from birthday boy Ross Taylor helped New Zealand crush Pakistan by 110 runs and go top of their group at the Cricket World Cup . Taylor hit an unbeaten 131 off just 124 balls as the Kiwis smashed an incredible 100 runs off the final five overs of their innings . New Zealand looked set to post a modest total as they labored to 164-4 with ten overs remaining but fireworks from Taylor -- who hit seven sixes -- and Jacob Oram saw them amass 138 more runs . Finishing on 302-7 off their 50 overs the Kiwis shell shocked Pakistan , who contributed to their own downfall with sloppy fielding and poor bowling . Pakistan then slumped to 23-4 in their reply and only a partnership of 66 between Abdul Razzaq  62  and Umar Gul  34 not out  added a modicum of respectability to their total of 192 . The only negative for New Zealand was an injury to their captain Daniel Vettori who limped off after diving to stop a ball in the field . Martin Guptill got New Zealand off to a brisk start as he compiled 57 runs but it was Taylor who held the innings together . Brendon McCullum , Jamie How and James Franklin went for low totals but Scott Styris steadied the ship with 28 runs . At 164-4 though , New Zealand were looking as if they would post a below-par total . Taylor was dropped twice early in his innings , with wicketkeeper Kamran Akmal at fault , but he made the most of his reprieve with some devastating hitting , taking 24 runs off a Shoaib Akhtar over and 30 off one from Abdul Razzaq . Jacob Oram also chipped in with three sixes as New Zealand transformed their innings and finished with 302 . Tim Southee then took three wickets as Pakistan faltered in their reply with Styris , Kyle Mills and Nathan McCullum also taking two wickets apiece . New Zealand are now top of Group A , replacing Pakistan . Elsewhere , England were dealt another injury blow after bowler Stuart Broad was ruled out of the World Cup . Broad is suffering from a side strain picked up in the win over South Africa and will return to England soon . His injury comes just two days after batsman Kevin Pietersen was forced to pull out of the tournament with a hernia . His replacement , Eoin Morgan , joined up with the England squad on Tuesday .	New Zealand beat Pakistan by 110 runs at the Cricket World Cup Ross Taylor smashes a superb unbeaten 131 as Kiwis make 302-7 New Zealand smash 100 off final five overs before Pakistan slump to 192 all out England fast bowler Stuart Broad ruled out of World Cup with a side strain
Tokyo  CNN  -- As searches for survivors continued Saturday , police in Japan said more than 7,100 people had died since the monster earthquake and ensuing tsunami struck . On Saturday morning 7,197 people were confirmed dead , according to Japan 's National Police Agency . Another 10,905 people were missing and 2,611 were injured , the agency said . Prime Minister Naoto Kan sought to reassure the nation , saying Friday that he is committed to taking firm control of a "  grave " situation . Kan said the disaster has been a "  great test for all of the people of Japan , " but he was confident of the resolve of his people . Amid a raised crisis level at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant from a 4 to 5 -- putting it on par with the 1979 incident at Pennsylvania 's Three Mile Island -- Kan told his compatriots to bury their pessimism . "  With a tsunami and earthquake we do n't have any room to be pessimistic , " he said . "  We are going to create Japan again from scratch . We should face this challenge together . " Kan acknowledged the situation at the Fukushima plant remains "  very grave " and said his government has disclosed all that it knows to both the Japanese people and the international community . "  The police , fire department and self defense forces are all working together , putting their lives on the line , in an attempt to resolve the situation , " he said . Search teams continued Friday to comb through the rubble and residents of decimated towns sifted through twisted metal and broken wood beams , looking for remnants of the lives they lost . Rescuers planted red flags where they found dead bodies . "  I have no words to express my feelings . I lost my mind . We will have to start from zero , " Hidemitsu Ichikawa said , taking a break from shoveling mud outside his home . In Miyagi Prefecture , officials observed a moment of silence Friday to mark the one-week anniversary of the quake . Schools have become impromptu morgues , with names of the dead posted on the doors , NHK reported . Long lines snaked around supermarkets as survivors stocked up on supplies . In the hardest-hit parts of the country , thousands of people , many of them frail and elderly , settled into shelters not knowing when they might be able to leave . Japanese media have reported difficult living conditions , including kerosene shortages that make it hard to heat the shelters . Some 380,000 people are staying at 2,200 facilities , Kyodo News reported . "  With all possible measures I 'm determined , as part of the government , to improve their living conditions as much as possible , " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters Friday . NHK reported that 25 of the nearly 10,000 evacuees from Fukushima Prefecture have died in shelters . Twenty of them were elderly people forced to evacuate from nursing homes and a hospital after problems at the Fukushima Daiichi plant . Several died as they rode without adequate medical care on a bus on the way to the high school shelter , Fukushima Prefecture government officials said . Volunteers tried to care for hundreds of patients in the school 's unheated athletic building . They sent out radio messages asking people to bring in any fuel they could spare , Koyo High School Principal Masaaki Tashiro said , choking up as he recounted the struggle . "  It was so far beyond anything we had ever experienced that we were doing our very best , just trying to cope with what was in front of us , he said . "  People are exhausted from the earthquake , tsunami , and now the fear of radiation , " he said . Japan 's nuclear safety agency described the situation at the earthquake-damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant Friday as a "  Level 5 " incident , a rating based on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale , with 1 being least and 7 being most severe . A level 5 indicates the likelihood of a release of radioactive material , several deaths from radiation and severe damage to a reactor core . Workers resumed efforts to douse a spent fuel pond outside a nuclear reactor at the Daiichi plant Friday , with its owner saying that earlier attempts had been "  somewhat effective " in addressing radiation concerns . Conditions at the plant itself remain dangerous . Radiation levels Thursday hit 20 millisieverts per hour at an annex building where workers have been trying to re-establish electrical power , "  the highest registered  at that building  so far , " a Tokyo Electric official told reporters . By comparison , the typical resident of a developed country is naturally exposed to 3 millisieverts per year . The top priority for officials is the nuclear facility 's No. 3 reactor -- the sole damaged unit that contains plutonium along with the uranium in its fuel rods , Edano said . Significant amounts of radiation have been released since the earthquake hit on March 11 , followed by a tsunami that swept away diesel generators needed to keep water pumping over the fuel rods . The disasters spurred several hydrogen explosions at the nuclear plant . But Japanese officials have tried to allay fears of an imminent meltdown . A meltdown occurs when nuclear fuel rods can not be cooled and the nuclear core melts . In the worst-case scenario , the fuel can rupture the containment unit spilling out radioactivity through the air and water . That , public health officials say , can cause both immediate and long-term health problems , including radiation poisoning and cancer . The government has ordered the evacuation of about 200,000 people living in a 20-kilometer  12.4-mile  area around the plant , and told people living between 20 kilometers and 30 kilometers  18.6 miles  from the plant to remain indoors . "  Evacuees , and that can be said of myself as well , are feeling anxious since we are not getting the needed information from the government in a timely manner , " said Seiji Sato , a spokesman for the government of Tamura City , about 20 kilometers from the nuclear facility . One group of 21 people evacuated from a town near the plant made it to a shelter in Shinjo-shi , 300 kilometers  186 miles  away . They told officials there that they drove as far away as possible , until they ran out of gas . CNN 's Kyung Lah , Gary Tuchman , Brian Todd and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Naoto Kan says he is confident Japan will overcome the tragedy More than 7,100 people are confirmed dead Workers at the Fukushima Daiichi plant continue efforts to douse a reactor
Beijing  CNN  -- Families of Chinese passengers on board missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have engaged in a rare late-night act of civil disobedience in this tightly-controlled city . After unsuccessfully demanding a meeting with the Malaysian ambassador at their hotel for more than eight hours , angry relatives pushed past police officers who tried to stop them from making a midnight march across the Chinese capital . Their destination : the Malaysian Embassy . "  The ambassador kept saying he would come but he never showed , " an elderly man told CNN as he and scores of others walked quietly through Beijing 's streets . As has been the practice of many other Chinese passengers ' next of kin , the man asked not to publish his name . "  They 're lying . They 're lying to us , " the man repeated . "  And now we 're going to the embassy . If they wo n't come to us , we 'll go to them . " The surreal late-night procession was followed closely by police squad cars . Around midnight , more than one hundred relatives staged a pre-dawn sit-in outside the embassy gates . Though vastly out-numbered by Chinese security forces , the family members continued their stubborn vigil throughout the morning . They remained camped out by the diplomatic mission more than 15 hours later . Periodically , they chanted "  Fulfill your commitments ! No more delays ! No more lies ! " Throughout the sit-in , no Malaysian diplomat came out to meet with protesters . The demonstrators finally dispersed peacefully before sunset on Friday , after camping out by the diplomatic mission for more than 17 hours . The small gathering departed after delivering a letter of protest to the embassy demanding an explanation for how the prime minister of Malaysia has concluded that the plane ended its flight over the Indian Ocean . Broken promises For weeks , distraught next of kin have requested face-to-face meetings with Malaysian officials . They are demanding a briefing on details of the last moments before Flight 370 was believed to have disappeared over the Indian Ocean . In the absence of information from Malaysian authorities , many relatives continue to believe their missing loved ones are still alive . On several occasions within the last two weeks , Malaysian officials in Beijing and Kuala Lumpur publicly pledged to meet the Chinese families within a matter of 24 hours , but then failed to show up for talks . "  We just want them to stop breaking their promises again and again , " said Steven Wang , a spokesman for the families , whose mother went missing when the Boeing 777 disappeared on March 8 . He spoke to CNN in a "  journalist 's area " located out of sight of the Malaysian Embassy protest . Even at the early hour of 1 a.m. on Friday , Chinese police had cordoned off an area for media around the corner from the sit-in . During the day , security forces continued to prevent journalists from reaching the families . Public protests are extremely rare in China . The Malaysia Airlines crisis , which has involved the highly emotional disappearance of 153 Chinese nationals who were on board the plane , has put Chinese authorities in an uncomfortable position . The Chinese government has tolerated -- but stopped far short of endorsing -- the political mobilization of the flight 's next of kin . Families have organized committees , issued press releases , and printed t-shirts and hats with the slogan "  Pray for MH370 . " But they have also been largely prevented from organizing public displays outside the windowless hotel conference room that serves as the families ' improvised headquarters . On Friday a spokesperson for the Chinese foreign ministry , Qin Gang , called on the families protesting outside the embassy to "  express their appeals in a legal and rational way " while pledging to give them further assistance . He urged the Malaysian authorities to "  actively " pursue the investigation . EXCLUSIVE : Malaysia to release MH370 report , Prime Minister tells CNN	MH370 families hold sit-in outside the Malaysian Embassy in Beijing Relatives marched from their hotel after request to meet Malaysian ambassador failed More than once in recent weeks Malaysian authorities have not shown up for talks with relatives NEW : China appeals to protesters to express concerns in "  legal and rational way "
CNN  -- Human error is to blame in last week 's gas-fueled explosion that ripped through a strip club in the western Massachusetts city of Springfield , officials said Sunday . The blast injured at least 21 people , including firefighters . A utility worker , responding to a report of a gas odor inside a building , inadvertently punctured a hole in a high-pressure gas line at the foundation of that building , according to a statement from the Office of the State Fire Marshal . Markings on the sidewalk incorrectly indicated where the line was . Once the pipe was punctured , the worker called the gas company and the fire department to shut off the gas , and the area around the building was evacuated . Investigators believe gas from the leak entered the building and later ignited . "  They  investigators  have determined that human error as opposed to a fault of the gas infrastructure provided the fuel for the explosion . Exactly whose human error will be the subject of the Department of Public Utilities ' ongoing investigation , " the statement read . The blast occurred at 5:25 p.m.Friday . Twelve of the 14 firefighters on scene were injured , according to Springfield Fire Commissioner Joseph Conant . "  All have been treated and released but several will face a long recovery road , " he said . Four gas company employees , two police officers , a municipal water and sewer department employee and two civilians were also injured , according to the city 's mayor . People as far away as South Hadley , 10 miles north , felt the blast . Video showed that the facade of one building was shredded by the blast , while glass from blown-out windows littered streets blocks away . Besides the leveled multistory structure that housed Club Scores , 12 buildings suffered significant damage , and at least a dozen others had collateral damage , Conant said .	A utility worker inadvertently poked a hole in a gas line in Springfield , Massachusetts Fire marshal : Markings on the sidewalk incorrectly indicated where the line was At least 21 people were injured in the blast , including firefighters
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- An elite South African police squad has arrested 19 suspected Congolese rebels in a remote corner of northern South Africa , an official said , in a raid that may have headed off a coup attempt . "  The grouping 's objective was to receive specialized military related training to overthrow the current DRC government , under the leadership of President Joseph Kabila , " Makhosini Nkosi , a spokesman for the National Prosecuting Authority , said in a statement Tuesday . Read more : Why the world is ignoring Congo war The alleged coup plotters were tracked to a remote area of Limpopo province , suggesting long-term surveillance by South African law enforcement . The National Prosecuting Authority said that no South Africans have been linked to the suspects but that further arrests were possible . Congolese government officials were quick to blame M23 , a rebel group operating in the Democratic Republic of the Congo 's North Kivu province . The group embarrassed the Congolese government by briefly seizing the key eastern city of Goma late last year , before withdrawing to positions outside the city . "  We know very well that these men have links to M23 , " said Lambert Mende , a DRC government spokesman . Why eastern DR Congo is ` rape capital of the world ' "  They were planning terrorist attacks in South Africa targeting Congolese officials and in DRC . Their ultimate aim was to overthrow the regime , " said Mende , citing internal discussions with South African counterparts . But the National Prosecuting Authority said that no links have been established between the 19 men arrested Tuesday and the M23 group . M23 rebel commanders , who are engaged in sporadic peace talks with the Congolese government , were not immediately available for comment . Mende said the arrested men also had links to former Congolese strongman Mobutu Sese Seko , who ruled the country , then known as Zaire , for more than three decades . The arrested men will appear in court in Pretoria , South Africa , on Thursday accused of contravening anti-mercenary laws .	Police seized 19 suspected Congolese rebels in South Africa , an official says They are accused of plotting a coup in the Democratic Republic of the Congo A Congolese government spokesman says the suspects have links to the M23 rebel group The M23 rebels seized the city of Goma late last year
Beijing  CNN  -- China reiterated its opposition Wednesday to the publication of air pollution readings in Chinese cities by foreign embassies and dismissed suggestions that it release similar figures for U.S. cities . "  Foreign embassies and consulates in China do n't have the legal authority to monitor China 's environment or release relevant data , nor do they have the professional capabilities or conditions to do so , " said Liu Weimin , a Foreign Ministry spokesman , at a daily press briefing . "  We hope relevant foreign embassies and consulates will comply with universally recognized international conventions as well as Chinese laws and stop such irresponsible actions . " U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Tuesday that the U.S. Embassy and consulates in China provide air pollution information to the American community so that "  it can use to make better daily decisions regarding the safety of outdoor activities . " Toner insisted that U.S. diplomatic missions in China would continue releasing the readings , denying Chinese allegations that the U.S. action has violated the Vienna Conventions , a set of international treaties that govern diplomatic relations . He added that Washington would have no objection if the Chinese Embassy decides to publish air pollution index for American cities . But Liu brushed that notion aside . "  We are not interested , " he said . Vice Minister of Environmental Protection Wu Xiaoqing said Tuesday that , by monitoring China 's air pollution and releasing relevant data , foreign embassies have violated the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations , as well as environmental protection laws and regulations of China . Although Wu did not mention specific embassies , the statements have been generally interpreted to be directed at the American diplomatic missions , which maintain popular Twitter feeds providing hourly readings for the cities of Beijing , Shanghai and Guangzhou . The U.S. Embassy website refers to them as an "  unofficial resource for the health of the Consulate community . " The U.S. readings are widely viewed as a reliable alternative to the official index maintained by China 's Environmental Protection Bureau . Derived from a monitoring station in each of the embassy grounds , they typically paint a starker portrait of air quality than official reports , often falling within "  unhealthy " bands , as defined by a rating system developed by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . For example , at 11 a.m. Wednesday , the U.S. Embassy reading for Beijing reported a PM 2.5 concentration of 191 micrograms per cubic metre  µg / m ³  for an Air Quality Index value of 241 , a "  very unhealthy " score . In contrast , the environmental bureau reported 134 µg / m ³ for a "  slightly polluted " AQI of 142 . The EPA system measures air pollution by a PM 2.5 standard , which means particulate matter less than 2.5 micrometers in diameter  less than 1/7 the average width of a human hair  . According to the EPA , the "  fine " particulate matter is believed to pose the greatest health risk because it can lodge deeply in human lungs . China has traditionally monitored pollution at a less-rigorous PM 10 standard , which refers to larger particulates of 10 micrometers or less in diameter , which accumulate in the respiratory system when inhaled . Wu said that it is "  obviously inappropriate " to be applying foreign standards to the local landscape and that readings determined from a single monitoring station are unscientific . But under pressure to improve its notoriously poor air quality , China began releasing PM 2.5 data for Beijing in January . According to China Daily , Wu said that 74 major cities had been told to raise their monitoring standards to PM 2.5 by the end of October and release data by the end of the year . These rent moves build upon revised air quality policies that require an index of PM 2.5 be implemented nationwide by January 1 , 2016 .	NEW : Foreign Ministry says embassies lack legal authority to monitor environment China has told foreign embassies to stop publishing their own air pollution readings The directive is understood to be directed at the U.S. diplomatic missions Starker U.S. readings adhere to more rigorous EPA standard to measure air quality
The ill-fated Royal Caribbean cruise ship returned home Wednesday with an ignoble mark . Nearly 700 crew and passengers fell ill aboard the Explorer of the Seas , the highest number of sick people reported on any cruise ship in two decades , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention data show . At least 630 passengers and 54 cruise workers got sick , but not all at the same time . Some passengers suggested that the outbreak may have been worse than reported . "  They claim there were 600 ; I think there could have as many as 1,000 " sick people on board , passenger Sal Panto Jr. told CNN . "  Some people I know did n't bother going down to the infirmary . They were n't feeling well , so they went to the state room . They did n't report it . " After the cruise , Kim Waite told CNN that she discovered the scope of the outbreak when she was taken to a makeshift infirmary in a wheelchair and sick passengers were everywhere , vomiting in buckets and bags . She said she waited three hours to be seen . "  I just started crying , " she said . "  I could n't believe it . I was in shock . Because I thought I was the only one that was sick , and then when you see everyone else sick , it really upsets you even more . " Are cruise ships floating petri dishes ? Waite said she was anxious to catch a flight back to London with her husband . The tickets will cost them an additional $ 2,000 on top of what they paid for the cruise and travel . "  I never wanted to go home so much in my life , " she said . "  I 've had enough . I 've never slept so much . " Waite said the ship arrived late on the first day of the cruise , and it appeared that there was n't sufficient time to clean it . "  The seas were so rough , they shut the doors for 2 days , " she said . "  We had no air . There was no air , no circulation ... and that 's why , I think , we got ill . " Danielle Banebianco said she was on a honeymoon , but she and her husband spent a couple of days sick . "  We were looking forward to staying warm and being on our honeymoon and enjoying our time together , and we 're never gon na get that back , " she said . Joseph Angelillo told CNN that he became ill , along with his wife , and they were confined to their cabin for three days , unable to eat . "  That was the last thing we wanted to look it , " he said of food . "  It was terrible , terrible . " Angelillo said entertainers became sick . Shows were canceled . Some sick passengers refused to admit being ill to avoid being confined to their rooms , he said . "  That happened a lot from what I 'm hearing , " said Angelillo , who sneaked out of his cabin several times for crackers and ginger ale for him and his wife . He added , "  It was atrocious . They tried to do whatever they could do . But once you feel like we were feeling , it was n't worth it . I doubt if I 'll be back . " Angelillo said Royal Caribbean offered sick passengers credit for days they spent confined to their cabins . "  I do n't know if I 'll ever see the inside of another ship again , while it 's in the ocean , put it that way , " he said . ' I lost five pounds ' One passenger was seen being put on a stretcher and taken to ambulance , but the cruise line said in a statement that he was transported to a hospital for a "  reason unrelated to norovirus , " a common cause of gastroenteritis , which produces vomiting and diarrhea . "  Best cruise of my life , " one passenger joked as he left the ship . "  I lost five pounds . " Before the ship arrived at port in Bayonne , New Jersey , one frustrated passenger voiced her displeasure with the experience . Passengers disembarked in northern New Jersey shortly before 2 p.m. Wednesday , with some set to stay in area hotels until they can catch flights back home -- days before the Super Bowl will be played there . "  Are we bringing this virus off the ship with us ? " asked Shannon Blace , a passenger from Toronto who was traveling with a party of 12 people -- 10 of whom have been sick . "  We 're all going to hotels all over the New York area . Will we be spreading the virus to the Super Bowl this weekend ? " Blace told CNN via telephone that she was upset and felt as if she had spent a week on a floating prison . "  It 's just been a big nightmare , " she said . "  It feels like  Royal Caribbean  never had a contingency plan in place to handle an epidemic on the ship . " Blace said it was evident early on that many people were sick . She felt the ship should have been turned around . "  On Wednesday night , I was in the dining room and a woman was vomiting into her napkin , " she said . "  There were people walking around in their pajamas with vomit and diarrhea on them . People were barfing all over the place . " Not all passengers , however , were dissatisfied . "  We had a wonderful cruise , and they were very nice , " said Margery Feinstein On Sunday , five stool samples were sent from the ship to the CDC in Atlanta , where the samples were expected to arrive the next day , CDC sources told CNN . But the arrival of the samples has been delayed because of paperwork issues and the bad weather in the Southeast . In a statement Wednesday , Royal Caribbean said the entire ship will undergo a "  thorough ` barrier ' sanitization program ... to make certain that any remaining traces of the illness are eliminated . " "  It will be the third aggressive sanitizing procedure the ship has undertaken since we became aware of the issue , and will additionally provide a window of more than 24 hours where there are no persons aboard the ship , which is a significant help , " the statement said . The ship had 3,071 passengers and 1,165 crew members , according to the CDC . No official cause for illnesses , but norovirus possible Explorer of the Seas departed Cape Liberty , New Jersey , on January 21 for what would have been a 10-day cruise . Passengers and crew developed symptoms such as diarrhea and vomiting . CDC officials boarded the ship in St. Thomas on Sunday to study the outbreak and the response on the voyage back to Cape Liberty . The cause of the illness was not clear , though the symptoms are consistent with norovirus , the cruise line said . Noroviruses spread easily and are a common cause of gastroenteritis , which produces vomiting and diarrhea . "  The number of reported new cases of gastrointestinal illness has dropped sharply after a spike in the first days of the cruise , and most guests who fell ill are up and about , " the cruise line said Monday . "  The drop in new cases is encouraging . However , it is not unusual in an outbreak to still have smaller , secondary spikes . That is why , after discussions with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and our medical team , we decided the most prudent course for the health of our guests and crew was to bring the cruise home on Wednesday , two days earlier than planned . " The company said all passengers would get a 50 % refund and a 50 % credit for a future cruise . Those passengers who were ordered quarantined to their rooms will get an additional credit of one future cruise day for each day in confinement , it said . "  Guests scheduled for the next cruise on Explorer of the Seas can be confident that all possible measures will have been taken to prevent further problems , " it added . What you need to know about kids and norovirus Five things we 've learned about cruising After a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ?	Explorer of the Seas has returned home to Bayonne , New Jersey Passenger : "  Are we bringing this virus off the ship with us ? " The symptoms are consistent with norovirus CDC : The ship had 3,071 passengers and 1,165 crew members
ROME , Italy -- Seven Manchester United supporters were taken to hospital after violence flared before the 1-1 Champions ' League draw against Roma in Italy . Manchester United supporters were segregated inside the Olympic Stadium for the Champions tie . British Embassy officials in Rome said five fans received stab wounds while two others , including a 16-year-old boy , needed treatment for being drunk , the Press Association reported . None of the stab victims is understood to have serious injuries following the clash between the rival fans outside the Stadio Olympico . An embassy spokeswoman said : "  Seven Manchester United supporters were taken to hospital after fighting broke out on the Pont Duca d'Aosta bridge which fans cross over the river to get to the stadium . "  Five are receiving treatment for stab wounds while two others , one who was a 16-year-old boy , were understood to be drunk . "  Their injuries are not thought to be serious and most of them will be discharged in the next couple of hours . One person may be kept in overnight for observation . "  The situation in the stadium is now fine and everything is running smoothly . " The embassy had warned travelling fans beforehand not to use the Pont Duca d'Aosta bridge because it was habitually used by Roma 's notorious Ultras - a following of hardcore fans . Roma coach Luciano Spalletti condemned the latest violence . "  It 's difficult to give a comment on what has happened , " said Spalletti . After watching a video replay of the ugly scenes , Spalletti added : "  These people are sick . " The trouble marked the second consecutive game between Roma and Manchester United in the Italian capital which has been marred by violence . Eighteen United fans needed hospital treatment in April after clashes on the terraces in Rome and outside the ground . United boss Sir Alex Ferguson had hoped tonight 's game would pass off peacefully but the British Embassy in Rome had warned supporters faced a "  real danger of attack " by the Ultras . The 1,200 British supporters who made the journey were largely shepherded into the stadium two hours before kick-off , with clear segregation in place in the less than capacity crowd . E-mail to a friend	Seven Manchester United supporters taken to hospital before game in Rome British Embassy officials in Rome said five of the fans received stab wounds Embassy spokeswoman said that the injuries were not thought to be serious
New York  CNN  -- The WTC Captive Insurance Co. announced settlements Thursday with more than 10,000 plaintiffs who claimed sickness or injuries after the 9/11 terrorist attacks . The settlements could total up to $ 657 million . WTC Captive was created with a $ 1 billion FEMA grant and provides insurance coverage to the City of New York and its debris-removal contractors . In the aftermath of attacks of September 11 , 2001 , New York was unable to get adequate amounts of liability insurance for the rescue , recovery and debris-removal work done at the World Trade Center site . The settlement would provide a system to pay for the compensation of the injury claims made by people working on the rescue and debris removal for the city and its contractors . This would include construction workers , firefighters , police officers and other workers and volunteers . The settlement would also fund a special insurance policy , which provides additional compensation to any plaintiff contracting certain types of cancer in the future . Christine LaSala , president of WTC Captive , said in a statement : "  We have reached a settlement that is fair under difficult and complicated circumstances . This agreement enables workers and volunteers claiming injury from the WTC site operations to obtain compensation commensurate with the nature of their injuries and the strength of their claims , while offering added protection against possible future illness . " In order to make a claim , plaintiffs will have to submit proof they were present and participated in the post-9 / 11 efforts . They will also have to present specific medical documentation , including a diagnosis confirming their illness or injury . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said of the resolution , "  This settlement is a fair and reasonable resolution to a complex set of circumstances . Since September 11th , the city has moved aggressively to provide medical treatment to those who were present at Ground Zero , and we will continue our commitment to treatment and monitoring . " A spokesman for the mayor declined further comment . After the 9/11 attacks , individuals who worked or volunteered in the rescue , recovery and debris-removal project were entitled to and have received free medical care , which has been funded by the City of New York and the federal government . Participating in the settlement would not deter access to that care . Former New York firefighter Kenny Specht told CNN 's Campbell Brown , "  You really ca n't put a price on your health , so I hope that this settlement was done the right way and I hope that it was done with people 's health and safety and future in mind . " Specht , 37 , was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2008 .	WTC Captive Insurance Co. announced settlements with more than 10,000 plaintiffs Settlements could total up to $ 657 million WTC Captive provides coverage to the city and its debris-removal contractors Settlement would provide system to pay for compensation of injury claims
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- A few miles south of the town of Starobeshevo in eastern Ukraine , a group of men in uniform is slumped under a tree . They are dejected and exhausted , their eyes red with fatigue . They do not want to be filmed but tell us of the horror they endured a day earlier . As medics with the Ukrainian army , they had transported the bodies of some 70 soldiers away from a combat zone and many more who were seriously wounded . They scarcely raise their heads when a Ukrainian air force jet streaks across the sky , releasing its payload on a rebel-held area to the east . It 's the only action by the air force that we 've witnessed against a rebel force that 's suddenly gone on the offensive across a wide area of eastern Ukraine . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko warned Saturday that the crisis with Russia has worsened in recent days and is inching closer to a "  full-scale war . " Border guard bases and checkpoints deserted The drive north from the port city of Mariupol -- only a couple of miles from the Russian border -- offered no evidence of a Ukrainian presence . Bases of the border guard service are deserted , checkpoints on rural roads abandoned , sandbags strewn along the verge . In effect , Ukraine has forfeited control of perhaps as much as 200 miles of its eastern border . The Ukrainians claim that Russian artillery fired from across the border is helping the rebels advance and that thousands of Russian troops are mixed in with the separatists . Moscow denies both claims . 6 questions -- and answers -- about the crisis in Ukraine Certainly the rebel forces , now united under the banner of Novorossiya -- or New Russia -- are better armed and organized than they were two months ago . They have at least some T-72 tanks ; many carry new weapons . And after spending months on the defensive , they are suddenly buoyant . By contrast , a small detachment of Ukrainian troops we encountered on the way north seemed demoralized . One asked when the British Army would arrive to help Ukraine in its desperate need ; another gloomily predicted a rebel onslaught at any moment . When we finally reached Starobeshevo , a rebel checkpoint had been hastily erected at the edge of town . The men were sunburned and relaxed , waving us through without even checking documents , a rarity in a country where both sides relish leafing through passports . The town itself fell to the pro-Russian separatists Friday , part of an advance south that has encircled the remnants of the Donbass Battalion , a volunteer militia fighting alongside government forces . Several houses had been badly damaged and at least one was destroyed by a direct hit . Locals said Ukrainian fire was to blame , but there is no way to prove it . The shrapnel cut jagged holes in the metal fence of the modest home opposite and damaged the roof . The elderly couple who lived there seemed shocked by the violence that had erupted around their rural community . The husband , Victor , said he was pure Ukrainian but accused the government of lying to the people . "  The Ukrainians came like peacekeepers , " he said , "  but then they kill us . They 're destroying the whole Donbass region . " But Victor , who is 80 , is n't about to be run out of the town where he was born . An eerie quiet in Donetsk As we finished speaking with Victor , a battered black sedan with a flak jacket hanging over the driver 's door pulled up , and a NovoRossiya fighter got out . He told us we must stop filming unless we could show press accreditation . But accreditation could be obtained only in Donetsk , a city not so easy to enter now with the Ukrainian army shelling it . Soon the fighter 's commander was on the scene , a tall man in his early 40s with an air of natural authority . "  You know I can just take away your camera , " he said . We were not in a position to argue . Instead he put two of his men in our minivan and dispatched us with an escort to Donetsk , some 30 miles away . As the vehicle raced across open country , they trained their Dragonov rifles out of the window , whether for show or because Ukrainian units were still in the area was unclear . After a few minutes at the State Security building in Donetsk , now the military headquarters of the separatists , we were allowed to go but advised not to leave the city until our accreditation was in order . In any case , trying to leave Donetsk in the late afternoon , when the shelling and rocket fire picks up , did n't seem the smartest idea . Compared with two months ago , the city is eerily quiet . The outdoor cafes and parks that were crowded in the early summer are deserted and more stores are boarded up . Shells have hit the stadium of the football club , Shakhtar , and wrecked apartment buildings . It seems most of the people who are still here are those with nowhere else to go , caught in the middle of a war that threatens to lurch into the bitterly cold winter .	With rebel forces on offensive in eastern Ukraine , evidence of a military presence is scarce Ukrainian troops encountered by CNN appear demoralized CNN crew asked to stop filming in one rebel-held town south of Donetsk
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania woman was arrested and charged Wednesday with endangering the welfare of a child after showing police a photo of her 2-year-old child duct-taped to a chair . Caira Ferguson , 21 , revealed the photo as part of her claim that someone had stolen her identity , according to a Chester Township Police statement . Ferguson has also been charged with unlawful restraint and false imprisonment , the statement said . The photo was posted on mediatakeout.com , a news and gossip blog . It shows Ferguson smiling next to the child , whose hands are bound and mouth is duct-taped shut . The child is dressed in a diaper and was photographed in July , police said . "  There were some issues with the identity , but our main concern was about the safety of the baby , " said Chester police Chief Kenneth J Coalson . Police said they searched Ferguson 's house Wednesday where they discovered a purple chair with remains of duct tape still attached to it . It is not clear if Ferguson has acquired legal counsel .	A woman was arrested after showing police a photo of her child duct-taped to a chair Caira Ferguson , 21 , was arrested after showing police the photo She was charged with unlawful restraint , false imprisonment , endangering the welfare of a child
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova 's impressive record of winning matches that go to three sets in 2012 shows no sign of ending after the Russian beat Nadia Petrova in the U.S. Open fourth round to set up a quarterfinal meeting with Marion Bartoli . Sharapova won 6-1 , 4-6 , 6-4 , but was rattled by Petrova winning four games in a row that enabled the 19th seed to take the second set and lead 2-0 in the third before an hour and 13 minute rain break . The No. 3 seed took full advantage of the delay , speaking to her father Yuri , before returning to seal a two hour , 14-minute victory to give Sharapova her 11th win in three-set matches in 2012 and her 23rd victory in 24 three-setters since the start of 2011 . "  It 's a nice statistic , " said Sharapova after her last 16 win over her fellow Russian . "  I do n't really think about it going into a new third set situation , because every match is different , whether you started slow and came back in the second , or whether you had a letdown in the second . "  But overall , I always think that no matter how you start the match , it 's always how you finish . Whether it 's an hour or three hours you 're out on the court , I do n't want to give up until the last point . "  That 's pretty much the mentality I try to have going into a third set . " Having been in the lead in the third set , Petrova found the defeat difficult to take . "  I had been in control in the third set , " said the No. 19 seed . "  I had everything in my hands . "  Maria looked hesitant and she could n't get a hold of her game . But then after the rain break , actually it went in her favour because she had time to think , regroup , talk to her coach . "  And then she came out completely cool and collected . She started playing big tennis . Unfortunately , luck was on her side . " Serena cruises into last 16 with revenge win over Makarova Frenchwoman Bartoli also had to come from behind to beat the fifth seed Petra Kvitova , but did so in style , winning 12 of 13 games to take a 1-6 , 6-2 , 6-0 victory . Earlier on Sunday defending champion Sam Stosur ended 18-year-old Briton Laura Robson 's impressive U.S. Open run with a 6-4 6-4 win in the fourth round of the U.S. Open . Robson , who had beaten Kim Clijsters and Li Na to reach the fourth round , saved eight match points as she came from 5-2 down to get back on serve but Australian Stosur broke again to clinch victory and a match with top seed Victoria Azarenka . "  I 'm definitely disappointed , " said former Wimbledon junior champion Robson , who will rise from 89th to 75th in the rankings after doing so well at Flushing Meadows . "  I felt like I did n't play as well as I did in my last three matches . I just hit too many unforced errors . "	Maria Sharapova beats Nadia Petrova to reach U.S. Open quarterfinals Sharapova has won 11 three-set matches in 2012 Marion Bartoli wins 12 of 13 games to secure 1-6 , 6-2 , 6-0 win over Petra Kvitova Sam Stosur ends 18-year-old Laura Robson 's impressive U.S. Open run with a 6-4 6-4 win
Los Angeles  CNN  -- AEG Live executives feared Michael Jackson would sabotage his comeback concerts five days before his death , the company 's CEO testified Thursday . Randy Phillips refused to advance money to help Jackson pay his staff because he believed the singer was "  in an anticipatory breach " of his contract because he had missed rehearsals , he testified . Phillips testified in the sixth week of the trial to decide whether the concert promoter is liable in Jackson 's death for the negligent hiring , retention or supervision of Dr. Conrad Murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter . The lawsuit filed by Jackson 's mother and children contends that Phillips and other AEG Live executives pressured Jackson to attend rehearsals despite his deteriorating health and ignored red flags that should have warned them about the dangers posed by Murray . Jackson lawyers questioned Phillips about his e-mail exchanges with Michael Kane -- Jackson 's business manager -- when Kane asked for an advance , which was provided for in Jackson 's contract with AEG Live for his "  This Is It " tour . Phillips said he was concerned that because Jackson had missed so many rehearsals , the show would not be ready for its debut in London on July 13 , 2009 . "  This is why it is impossible to advance any $ $ $ , " Phillips wrote to Kane on June 20 , 2009 . "  He may , unfortunately , be in an anticipatory breach at this point . " "  And I thought it could n't get worse , " Kane replied . "  It could , " Phillips said . "  Show director  Kenny Ortega could quit . " Phillips ' testimony that he believed Jackson was contractually obligated to attend rehearsals contradicted AEG Live Co-CEO Paul Gongware 's previous testimony that Jackson was not required to rehearse . Phillips acknowledged that by June 20 , 2009 , he was worried the production would not be ready on time Kane , in an e-mail to Phillips , offered to help motivate Jackson to get to rehearsals . "  Would a financial coming to Jesus speech help or add to his pressure ? " Kane asked . "  It would help , " Phillips replied . "  At this point , we need to break through . I 'm going to call his doctor to discuss . " Later that day , Phillips and other AEG Live executives met with Murray and Jackson at the singer 's home . The Jackson lawyers contend at that meeting they put Murray in charge of having Jackson at rehearsals . AEG Live lawyers claim the company executives had no way of knowing that Murray was giving Jackson nightly infusions of the surgical anesthetic propofol to treat his insomnia . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Jackson died from an overdose of propofol on June 25 , 2009 .	AEG Live CEO testifies he thought Jackson breached his concert contract Randy Phillips cut off money to Jackson in his last week of singer 's life Phillips is testifying in the Jackson wrongful death trial , now in its sixth week
The remains of U.S. Ambassador to Libya J. Christopher Stevens and three other Americans landed on U.S. soil Friday afternoon in flag-draped caskets . The four men were killed in an attack this week on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi . Teams of seven Marines carried the caskets off a C-17 plane at Joint Base Andrews in Maryland in a ceremony attended by a color guard and a chaplain , Army Col. Wesley Smith . President Barack Obama and Secretary Hillary Clinton gave remarks at the solemn transfer of remains in an airport hangar , where four hearses with rear doors open waited for the caskets . Families of the victims and dignitaries were seated facing the hearses and a lectern . "  There 's no doubt these are difficult days , " said Obama . But he pledged that "  the United States of America will never retreat from the world . " "  Four Americans , four patriots , they loved their country and chose to serve it and serve it well , " the president continued . "  They had a mission and they believed in it , and they knew the danger and they accepted it . They did n't simply embrace the American ideal , they lived it , they embodied it : the courage , the hope and , yes , the idealism . "  We will bring to justice those who took them from us , " Obama said . Clinton said that Libya , Egypt and Tunisia "  did not trade the tyranny of a dictator for the tyranny of a mob . " Those countries ' leaders "  need to do everything they can to restore security " in the face of anti-American protests arising from an "  awful Internet video , " she said . Clinton said the four victims ' lives -- as well as all people who work in the Foreign Service -- "  are at the heart of what makes America great and good . " "  America must keep leading the world . We owe it to the these four men to continue the long , hard work of diplomacy , " Clinton said . "  We will wipe our tears and stiffen our spines and face the future undaunted . " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and Vice President Joe Biden also attended the ceremony . The other men killed in Libya include Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty , both former Navy SEAL commandos working as diplomatic security officers . The fourth was Sean Smith , an information management officer who also had an online alter-ego legendary in the gaming world . Four people have been arrested in connection with the attack that left Stevens and the three other Americans dead , the top aide to the president of the Libyan parliament said Friday . Those arrested were not directly tied to the attack , Monem Elyasser , the chief aide to Prime Minister Mustafa Abushagur , told CNN by telephone . Elyasser did not release the identities of the four suspects in custody , nor did he detail the allegations against them . The announcement came as the United States is struggling to determine whether a militant group planned the attack that killed the four Americans . Blog : Arrest and violence updates The head of Libya 's ruling General National Congress , Mohammed Al-Megaryef , also confirmed the four arrests but declined to say to what group the suspects are linked . However , the government now believes the suspects are part of one of the many armed extremist groups operating especially in the eastern part of the country and Benghazi itself , he told CNN . Authorities also believe the attack was planned and deliberately carried out to inflict maximum damage on key Western interests , particularly the United States , he said . The government believes the attack was intended to drive a wedge between Americans and Libyans . Asked what the Libyan government was doing to ensure security , al-Megaryef answered , "  We are doing our best to avoid further attacks . " But he acknowledged that authorities had little capacity to defend against the powerful extremist groups . State Department Under Secretary Patrick Kennedy has said that the attack appeared to be planned because it was so extensive and because of the "  proliferation " of small and medium weapons at the scene . He was briefing congressional staffers when he offered that theory . But on Thursday , three U.S. officials told CNN that they had seen no evidence the attack was premeditated . A team of FBI investigators is expected to be in Libya by Saturday , a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN . Agents are first conducting interviews outside the country to gather information about the attack , the source said . Obama vowed Thursday that those responsible for the attack would be brought to justice . "  I want people around the world to hear me . To those that would do us harm -- no act of terror will go unpunished . It will not dim the light of the values that we proudly present to the rest of the world . No act of violence shakes the resolve of the United States of America . " Source : Al Qaeda central not behind Benghazi attack During an interview on CNNI 's "  Amanpour , " Abushagur said Thursday that there had been one arrest early Thursday in Benghazi and that three or four others were being pursued . "  The evidence itself is based on mostly pictures that were taken around the compound at that time , and also through some witnesses , " the prime minister said . Conflicting theories flew in the hours after the four Americans were killed late Tuesday . They died amid a protest outside the U.S. Consulate over a film that ridiculed Muslims and depicted the Prophet Mohammed as a child molester , womanizer and ruthless killer . The demonstration was one of several protests across the region that day . Protest as diversion U.S. officials believe the attackers used the protest as a diversion . Given what officials know about al Qaeda in Libya , intelligence officials believe it is very unlikely that core al Qaeda was behind the attack , a U.S. intelligence official told CNN on condition of anonymity . The official was not authorized to release the information . Meanwhile , Shawn Turner , director of communications for U.S. National Intelligence , denied news reports that American officials had been warned of a possible attack . "  This is absolutely wrong , " he said . "  We are not aware of any actionable intelligence indicating that an attack on the U.S. post in Benghazi was planned or imminent . " Slain ambassador warned in '08 about extremists near Benghazi The United States is deploying warships and surveillance drones in its hunt for the killers of the diplomatic staffers , and a contingent of 50 Marines has arrived to boost the security of Americans in the country . The United States and Libya have embarked on a new relationship since rebels toppled longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi last year . U.S. and NATO warplanes helped the Benghazi-based rebellion against Gadhafi , who was wanted by the International Criminal Court for charges of crimes against humanity before he was killed in October . The jihadists suspected in Tuesday night 's attack "  are a very small minority " who are taking advantage of a fledgling democracy , said Ali Suleiman Aujali , the Libyan ambassador to the United States . Sources tracking militant Islamist groups in eastern Libya say a pro-al Qaeda group responsible for a previous armed assault on the Benghazi consulate is the chief suspect . A senior defense official told CNN the drones will be part of "  a stepped-up , more focused search " for a particular insurgent cell that may be behind the killings . Rights groups have raised concerns about the Libyan legal system , which is in the early days of being rebuilt following the fall of the Gadhafi regime . "  Due process violations against detainees in Libya are the norm , " Human Rights Watch said in a June report . "  Libyan government officials told Human Rights Watch that very few detainees have been formally charged and that very few of the cases have been reviewed by a judicial authority . " At the same time , the dominance of militia groups , "  which in most towns and cities are stronger than the army and police , has complicated the rebuilding of Libya 's justice system , " the report says . Amnesty International has similarly warned of serious problems with Libya 's legal system . Its researchers also "  found that hundreds of armed militias are acting above the law . " Questions swirl around the attack There are numerous questions about what happened at the consulate where protesters had gathered to demonstrate against the film "  Innocence of Muslims , " which reportedly was made in California by a filmmaker whose identity is unclear . Chief among the questions is what happened to Stevens , who went missing during the attack . What is known is that during the attack , a rocket-propelled grenade set the consulate on fire , and American and Libyan security personnel tried to fight the attackers and the fire . As the fire spread , three people -- Stevens , Foreign Service information management officer Smith , and a U.S. regional security officer -- were inside a safe room , said senior State Department officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity as a matter of practice during a briefing with reporters . Smith was later found dead , apparently of smoke inhalation , officials said . The State Department has not released details about how Stevens died , though numerous media reports have said the ambassador was taken from the consulate to the Benghazi Medical Center by locals . He arrived at the hospital , according to the reports , unresponsive and covered in soot from the fire . A doctor was unable to revive him and declared him dead , the reports said . Stevens ' body was turned over to consulate personnel as they were evacuated from Benghazi . As of Friday night , funeral plans had not been announced for the four Americans . Have you witnessed the attacks ? Share your images but stay safe .	"  There 's no doubt these are difficult days , " president says But "  the United States of America will never retreat from the world , " Obama adds Prime minister says evidence for arrests is based on photos around compound , witnesses An aide says those arrested are not directly tied to the attacks
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The oldest known surviving copy of the New Testament gets the modern touch Thursday when parts of it go online for the first time . The full manuscript of the Codex Sinaiticus will be online a year from now . The British Library plans to begin publishing the Codex Sinaiticus , a 4th century text handwritten in Greek , on its Web site . The Gospel of Mark and the Book of Psalms go online Thursday . The full manuscript is to be online in a year . Translations of the Codex Sinaiticus have long been widely available , but publishing images of the manuscript online will let anyone see pages that , until now , have been viewed in detail mainly by academia . As the Web site becomes operational , it will show photographs of each page of the text , with links to translations in English and German . There will also be a search function . "  It contains the earliest complete copy of the New Testament , " said Scot McKendrick , the head of Western Manuscripts at the British Library . While the Codex contains all of the New Testament , it also includes part of the Old Testament and originally contained the entire text of the Christian Bible . The manuscript also includes the Apocrypha , 14 disputed books of the Old Testament that are usually omitted from the Protestant Bible . It also includes two early Christian texts : the "  Epistle of Barnabas " and the "  Shepherd of Hermas . " The library announced plans three years ago to digitize the 1,600-year-old book , a tough job since pieces of the manuscript reside in four countries . "  It was a challenge , but it was ... also very exciting , " said Juan Garces , the curator of the project . Photographers took digital pictures of the text in United Kingdom , Russia , Germany and Egypt to put the entire manuscript online . "  It unites something that belongs together , " he said . The complete text once was housed at the Monastery of St. Catherine in Sinai , Egypt , before it came to the attention of a German scholar , Constantine Tischendorf , in the 19th century . He took parts of it to Germany and Russia . The British Library later bought several hundred pages from the Russians . Digitizing the text is a windfall for scholars , but the main goal was to make the Codex available to everyone . "  It makes it accessible , and it opens up to anyone who can access it via the Internet , " Garces added . Eventually , the manuscript will be translated into Russian and modern Greek . "  The user will come to the Web site and will be able to look at images of each page of Codex Sinaiticus , will be able to zoom in and out and look around the page and see the page lit in standard light . " Garces said .	British Library plans to publish world 's oldest surviving Bible online Codex Sinaiticus contains all of New Testament , part of Old Testament Web site will have photographs of pages , search function
