CNN  -- Business partners tend to limit their disagreements to the boardroom . With the happiness of their shareholders in mind , it does n't pay to air dirty laundry in public . So when two of the world 's foremost tycoons began venting anger at each other publicly , it was bound to attract attention . British financier Nat Rothschild joined forces with Indonesia 's Bakrie family in 2010 with the ambitious plan to create a blue chip UK-listed mining company . But with coal prices falling and allegations of financial irregularities , the company had lost half its value by 2012 . By the time talks started about a possible split , its shares had lost 80 % of their value , public reports show . In December , shareholders voted for separation and on Tuesday , the final details were agreed . So while the celebity-focused world watched as Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin announced their "  conscious uncoupling , " business circles were preoccupied by a very different -- and very public -- "  divorce . " The two tycoons took to Twitter to vent their feelings about the failed partnership , and what followed was a quite spectacular exchange of words . Judge for yourself : Read more from CNN Business : Nina dos Santos : EU and U.S. need to renew their vows Judo partner and personal banker : 10 of Putin 's close aides targeted by sanctions	British financier and his Indonesian business partner take their disagreements to Twitter Joint business failed to meet expectations ; company announced details of split this week Rothschild and Bekrie exchange insults and accusations about families , business online
Editor 's Note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . This article first appeared in September 2005 . CareerBuilder.com  -- Are skyrocketing gasoline prices cursing your commute ? Wondering why you 're driving to work only to spend your hard-earned dollars to get you there and back ? Perhaps telecommuting is the answer . Telecommuting is changing the way we work . An estimated 10 percent of today 's workforce works from home and remains on the company payroll . And a recent study commissioned by Bell Atlantic estimates that 2 million American businesses support some kind of telecommuting program . Employees who telecommute largely report that they are happier with their jobs and more satisfied with their personal lives . A survey by the Information Technology Association of America even found that 36 percent of respondents would choose telecommuting over a pay raise . Increased quality of life sits at the top of the list of employee benefits along with reduced stress levels , greater flexibility and increased productivity . And contrary to the popular "  out of sight , out of mind " misconception that telecommuting will take you off the fast track , a study of 17,000 telecommuters by the U.S. Small Business Administration  Myths and Realities of Working at Home  found that teleworkers receive a higher proportion of promotions than their stay-at-work counterparts . Employers in turn benefit from reduced real estate costs and absenteeism , increased productivity , morale and employer turnover costs . In addition , many find that telecommuting seems to encourage certain entrepreneurial qualities in their employees , including drive , self-discipline , self-reliance and improved judgment . There are benefits to the community as well : reduced fossil fuel consumption and traffic congestion which lead to cleaner air and safer neighborhoods . According to the Environmental Protection Agency , if an additional 10 percent of the nation 's workforce would telecommute just one day a week , Americans would avoid the frustration of driving 24.4 million miles , breathe air with 13,000 tons less air pollution and conserve more than 1.2 million gallons of fuel each week . Are you a candidate for telecommuting ? Certain jobs such as writers , salespersons , accountants , programmers , graphic artists , researchers , engineers , architects and public relations professionals lend themselves to telecommuting better than others . You also need to have the right personal qualities . For example , do you have the self-discipline to work from home under minimal supervision ? Does your boss perceive you as a self-starter who can work independently ? Are you a proven performer ? Well-organized ? A good time-manager ? If the answers are yes , you may want to propose a telecommuting arrangement with your employer . To do so successfully , follow the same principles you would in a job interview . Focus on the benefits of telecommuting to the company , not the benefits to you . State only that telecommuting will make you more productive and efficient , be a better use of the time you currently spend on the road , make your boss 's life easier -- whatever benefits you come up with that focus on the employer 's needs , not yours . Outline in writing your job description and assure your boss that you 'll meet your responsibilities . Emphasize that you know what needs to be done and that telecommuting wo n't significantly change that . You may even want to include a table that shows which of your job functions will be accomplished off-site , which will be performed in the traditional workplace and which can be done at either location . Describe how you will handle key relationships with other team members . Think about yourself the same way you would if you were looking for a new job . What is your unique selling proposition ? How are you an asset to your employer , and what do you do better then anyone else in your company ? By effectively communicating your value to your employer , you 'll be better able to sell your boss on the idea of letting you telework . E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority Kate Lorenz is the article and advice editor for CareerBuilder.com . She researches and writes about job search strategy , career management , hiring trends and workplace issues .	An estimated 10 percent of today 's workforce telecommutes from home 2 million American businesses support some kind of telecommuting program Survey : 36 percent would choose telecommuting over a pay raise
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- It was billed as a "  coming out party " for one of the GOP 's most promising young stars . Gov. Bobby Jindal seemed "  over-coached and over-rehearsed , " CNN 's Candy Crowley said . But after nearly universal criticism was heaped on Gov. Bobby Jindal 's high-profile response to President Obama 's address to Congress Tuesday night , the Louisiana Republican may be wishing he had stayed home . The criticisms came from all sides of the political spectrum , including from those in conservative circles who have promoted the 36-year-old governor as the GOP 's most likely advocate to bring the party back from the brink of irrelevance . Republicans who have followed Jindal 's upstart career from standout congressman to popular Louisiana governor know him to be an articulate and confident spokesman for the party 's fundamental principles of limited government and fiscal responsibility . Watch "  Is Jindal prime-time ready ? " " But that 's not the man many saw delivering the GOP 's formal prime-time rebuttal to President Obama 's first address to a joint session of Congress . "  The Bobby Jindal you see on the Sunday shows was not the Bobby Jindal who showed up to give this speech , " said CNN Senior Political Correspondent Candy Crowley . "  He seemed over-coached and over-rehearsed . " Watch Jindal deliver the GOP response " Many conservatives say Jindal appeared at best off-balance and at worst downright amateur in his national debut . "  Some conservative needs to start a campaign to fire whoever wrote this cheesy response and coached him to talk like this , " wrote conservative columnist Amanda Carpenter on the popular social networking Web site Twitter . "  I ca n't watch . " "  He should never be allowed near a teleprompter again ! " declared the National Review 's Kathryn Jean Lopez on Wednesday , while noting the governor had a much stronger performance on NBC 's "  The Today Show " the morning after his speech . Of course , to follow the oratorically skilled Obama in any setting is no enviable task , especially when the president had the benefit of incessant applause lines and the pomp-and-circumstance associated with a presidential address to Congress . The contrast between the settings could n't be more stark , a challenge that even the most skilled politician would have difficulty confronting . While the president had the benefit of the ornate halls of Congress as his setting and numerous camera angles to give a sweeping view of the grand House Gallery , Jindal had to deliver his speech in a solitary room amid an almost deafening silence . "  So much about it is perception , " said Eliot Shapiro , partner with EMS Communications , a firm that specializes in public speaking . "  The response is one person , face-to-face with a camera , and you can never generate the same kind of buzz and energy as when there are 500 people in a room applauding . " To be sure , an opposition party 's response rarely wins wide praise : Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius ' rebuttal last year was widely viewed as flat , and Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine was panned for appearing particularly awkward in his 2006 rebuttal . "  Everybody thinks -LSB- the response -RSB- is a great launching pad , " said CNN political contributor and White House veteran Ed Rollins , "  I would n't recommend to any of my clients , whatever you do do n't take the honor . " The Louisiana governor may also be a victim of overhype and outsized expectations . Jindal 's impressive resume and compelling background have been touted to make him a natural fit to compete against Obama and rescue a Republican Party that many fear is in danger of becoming confined to the South . But if conservatives are looking for Jindal to compete with the president stylistically , they should think again , sad Matt Lewis , a conservative blogger for AOL 's Political Machine . "  Conservatives are looking for the conservative version Obama , a great orator , " Lewis said . "  Bobby Jindal is many things -- an intellectual , a son of immigrants and a policy wonk . But if conservatives are looking for someone who is going toe-to-toe with Obama , he 's the wrong guy . " iReport.com : Jindal 's tone ` insulting ' Some Republicans praised the content of the speech itself : namely a vigorous defense of conservative principles and an optimistic can-do outlook on the future . They also say the speech laid out a cogent rebuttal to the Democrats massive stimulus bill , articulated a way forward for the GOP and rightly refrained from overly criticizing the president himself . "  Jindal on Tuesday was likable , his personal story was compelling and he offered a positive vision of conservatism for America , " Lewis said . Jindal can also take solace in the fact that in politics , there often is more than one chance to make a good first impression . After all , some of the most prominent politicians today floundered their first attempt in the national spotlight , including former President Bill Clinton , who was widely panned for his 32-minute speech at the 1988 Democratic Convention . The speech was immediately deemed disastrous by the political chattering class , and many predicted it would delay , perhaps even end , the his national ambitions . iReport.com : Jindal speech portrayed GOP as ` one trick pony ' Four years later he was the Democratic nominee for president . "  Politicians often come back from moments such as these , " Crowley said . "  It was perhaps not the most auspicious debut for Jindal on the national scene , but there is a lot of time left for rehabilitation . "	Critics say Jindal appeared at best off-balance , at worst downright amateur An opposition party 's response rarely wins wide praise Some Republicans praised the content of Jindal 's speech White House veteran Ed Rollins says he 'd never advise a client to give the rebuttal
Ashraf Ghani was sworn in Monday as Afghanistan 's President , sealing the country 's first peaceful democratic transition of power . Ghani , a former finance minister , takes office after signing a power-sharing deal last week with his rival presidential candidate , Abdullah Abdullah . He succeeds Hamid Karzai , who experienced a rocky relationship with the United States during his 13 years in power that began after the fall of the Taliban . A reminder of the challenges facing Ghani and Afghanistan came a few miles away from the presidential palace in Kabul : A suicide bomber targeting a police checkpoint killed four police officers and three civilians Monday morning , said Sediq Sediqqi , a spokesman for the Afghan Interior Ministry . Elsewhere in Afghanistan , three suicide bombers killed four Afghan police officers Monday at a district police headquarters in the eastern Paktia province , Sediqqi said . Ghani and Abdullah had been locked in a lengthy dispute amid accusations of voting fraud and manipulation , raising fears of increased instability in the fragile , war-torn country . Under the agreement , Abdullah , a former foreign minister who later became a vocal critic of Karzai 's , will take a newly created position of chief executive officer , which will have similar functions to a prime minister . The deal also calls for the two leaders ' teams to share senior government positions equally . Some commentators have suggested the two rivals may have difficulty working together in government after months of bad blood between them . The political impasse in Afghanistan this year had come as the Taliban continued to mount deadly attacks on high-profile targets and fought fiercely for control of important areas . As the U.S.-led war effort against the militants winds down , most NATO troops are due to withdraw from Afghanistan by the end of this year .	Two attacks kill eight police on day new President takes the oath of office One of the attacks killed four officers a few miles from the presidential palace Ashraf Ghani succeeds Hamid Karzai , who was in power for 13 years Ghani 's swearing-in comes after the recent resolution of a lengthy dispute with his rival
CNN  -- How do you swipe $ 7 million in toys , electronics and other stuff without anyone noticing ? Apparently , in Mom 's flowing black dress , according to federal prosecutors who have charged three members of an Illinois family with transporting stolen property across state lines . They 'd been at it for a decade , prosecutors said . Prosecutors say Lela Bogdanov stuffed merchandise in the blue lining of her big black dress , then walked out of the stores -- often with family members staging a diversion to draw the attention of employees . The family -- Lela Bogdanov , her husband Branko Bogdanov , both in their 50s , and daughter Julia Bogdanov , 34 -- then sold many of the items to a fence who unloaded them on eBay , prosecutors claim . The alleged fence is cooperating with authorities and was not named by prosecutors . The couple netted more than $ 4 million from the sale of stolen goods with a retail value of more than $ 7 million , according to the U.S. Attorney 's office in Chicago . The Bogdanovs ' decade-long scheme began to unravel , prosecutors say , when loss-prevention experts at Barnes and Noble and Toys R Us noticed huge amounts of merchandise had gone missing . They found an eBay account selling the same items in similar quantities as those allegedly stolen from their stores . Secret Service agents arrested the trio Wednesday at their Northbrook , Illinois , home . They 'd just returned home from a trip to Oklahoma , Texas and Louisiana , during which prosecutors say they stole more items . If convicted , they face up to 10 years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and restitution .	Three Illinois family members accused in decade-long shoplifting ring Prosecutors say they stole more than $ 7 million in goods How ? By concealing the goods in the mom 's big black dress They face up to 10 years in prison , fines , restitution , if convicted
Yaounde , Cameroon  CNN  -- French military and intelligence officers have entered northern Cameroon in search of a family of seven French tourists kidnapped Tuesday from a national park , a CNN affiliate reported Wednesday . The Paris-based private network BFMTV did not cite its source ; it posted a team of journalists Wednesday in Paris at the French Foreign Ministry Crisis Center , which is handling the country 's response to the crisis . BFMTV , citing the French Defense Ministry , said gendarmes had been sent to the site in northern Cameroon where the abduction occurred to investigate . But a Cameroonian official said Wednesday that he believed the family had been taken across the border into neighboring Nigeria within hours of their abduction . Joseph Dion Ngute , the Foreign Ministry official in charge of ties with Commonwealth nations , said Tuesday 's incident marked the first time foreigners in Cameroon had been taken captive by suspected Islamic militants of Nigeria 's Boko Haram movement . "  The intentions of the kidnappers are yet to be known , " he said . French officials blamed the incident on Boko Haram , which has taken advantage of Nigeria 's porous borders with Chad and Cameroon in its three-year campaign . Boko Haram has waged a war against Nigeria 's government and its Christian population in an effort to establish a strict Islamic state in northern Nigeria . The family was kidnapped from Waza National Park , a thickly forested area of northern Cameroon popular among tourists and located near the border with Nigeria . The incident has raised fears of Westerners being targeted by Islamist militant groups in Africa in the wake of France 's military intervention in Mali . But French President Francois Hollande said Tuesday that he did n't believe the seizure was linked to his government 's intervention in Mali , where French troops have joined government forces to battle Islamic militants linked to al Qaeda . "  I am aware of the presence of Boko Haram in that part of Cameroon , and that 's worrying enough , " Hollande said . The abductees include four children ages 5 to 12 , their parents and an uncle , the Cameroon 's state broadcaster CRTV reported . Fonkam Azu , governor Cameroon 's northern region of Maroua , told reporters that residents saw the hostages being driven into Nigeria on motorcycles . The father works for the French company GDF Suez and is based in Yaounde , the capital in southern Cameroon . GDF Suez , which is developing a natural gas liquefaction project in Cameroon , said it was working closely with the French Foreign Ministry . Concerns about border security in northern Cameroon grew early last year , when Sudanese poachers on horseback invaded the Bouba Ndjida Park and killed more than 300 elephants for their ivory . Afterward , the government temporarily replaced park guards with a special anti-terrorist squad of the military . In a statement , Cameroon 's Ministry of External Relations said Wednesday that security has been tightened to guarantee the safety of expatriates and tourists , especially in volatile regions . Abductions are common in Cameroon , especially in natural resource-rich regions . In January , kidnappers killed one Chinese national and abducted three others from the Betare Oya gold mine in the country 's south . The military freed the surviving hostages . And several abductions targeting foreigners have occurred in the oil-rich Bakassi Peninsula , on the country 's Atlantic coast . Amanpour : Nigeria battles to stop al Queda chaos in Africa Man in Cameroon jailed for love text to another man	NEW : French gendarmes have been sent to the abduction site , CNN affiliate reports France and Cameroon suspect the Nigerian militant group Boko Haram The kidnapping raises fears of retaliation for French military action in Mali
CNN  -- Undercover FBI agents in Florida found what investigators believe is a stolen Henri Matisse painting that had been missing for nearly a decade , officials said Wednesday . Two suspects were arrested in Miami Beach after trying to sell "  Odalisque in Red Pants , " valued at $ 3 million , federal prosecutors said . The painting was stolen from a Venezuelan art museum in 2002 , the statement said . Pedro Antonio Marcuello Guzman , 46 , of Miami and Maria Martha Elisa Ornelas Lazo , 50 , of Mexico City are charged with transporting and possessing the stolen painting , the FBI said . If convicted , they face up to 10 years in prison . Undercover agents made the arrest Tuesday at Loews Miami Beach Hotel , CNN affiliate WPLG reported . Marcuello set up the deal , told agents he knew the painting was stolen and asked them to pay $ 740,000 for it , the FBI and federal prosecutors said Wednesday , citing an affidavit filed in support of a criminal complaint . Ornelas was a Mexican national who worked as a vacation rental agent in Acapulco , according to WPLG . She arrived at the Miami International Airport on a flight from Mexico City on Monday , carrying a red tube containing the painting , prosecutors said . The next day , Ornelas and Marcuello met with undercover agents and were arrested . Sarah Murov , a spokeswoman for the hotel , declined to comment , referring questions to the FBI . The Venezuelan government had "  initiated the steps for the prompt return " of the painting and asked the FBI to confirm reports of its recovery , the country 's Institute of Cultural Patrimony said . "  Odalisque in Red Pants " was reported stolen from the Caracas Museum of Contemporary Art in 2003 , when officials revealed that another painting that had been hanging in its place was a fake . The museum purchased the painting from a New York art gallery in 1981 . Marcuello and Ornelas made their first appearance in a Florida federal court Wednesday . Their pretrial detention hearing is scheduled for Friday . Stolen Salvador Dali painting returned	Two people are charged with possessing the stolen painting , the FBI says Undercover agents made the arrest at a hotel in North Miami Beach , WPLG reports "  Odalisque in Red Pants " was reported stolen from a Venezuelan museum in 2002 The Venezuelan government "  has initiated steps for the prompt return " of the painting
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Twenty-four weeks pregnant , Veronica Pacheco went to the emergency room last October with a hacking cough that made it hard to breathe . Tests found she had H1N1 flu , and doctors put her in a coma so her body could continue the gestational process without expending additional energy . "  My life changed forever after that , " Pacheco said . Six weeks later -- 10 weeks before full term -- her unborn baby 's vital signs dropped and doctors performed an emergency C-section . "  When I woke up , my husband said , ` We had to take out the baby ' and I immediately clutched my stomach , fearing the worst , " she said . "  But he settled me down and -LSB- said -RSB- , ` He 's OK , he 's down in the NICU . " Born 2 1/2 months early , Noah Pacheco weighed less than 3 pounds and was immediately put in the neonatal intensive care unit  NICU  -- a vital step for premature babies but often financially and emotionally stressful for families . The Pachecos found some relief with the help of Dr. Sean Daneshmand and his nonprofit Miracle Babies . The group provides financial assistance for items such as housing and medical expenses , baby supplies and transportation costs . "  To see people hearing there 's something wrong with their baby , and then to worry about everything around them -- I mean , life does n't stop . You still have to make your mortgage payments , " said Daneshmand , 41 . An obstetrician specializing in high-risk pregnancies since 2002 , Daneshmand had watched families struggle to cope with the financial pressures of having a child in the NICU . But in 2004 , his wife had complications with her pregnancy that threatened both her and her unborn child . Though Daneshmand had the medical knowledge , support and financial stability to delay a very premature birth -- his daughter was ultimately born six weeks early -- the experience shook him and gave him a new perspective of what his patients go through . "  What we went through was so traumatic , but it 's nothing compared to many of my patients , " he said . "  I wanted to take some of the suffering that these women go through away from them so they can really focus on their baby . " For years , Daneshmand gave patients money out of his own pocket before he started Miracle Babies in November 2009 . Now most of the group 's funding comes from individual donors and small corporate sponsors . So far , it has helped 80 families in California and across the country , including the Pachecos . "  They helped us with our mortgage , with gas , " said Veronica Pacheco 's husband , Mike . "  It was huge for us . " Families apply for assistance from Miracle Babies through hospital social workers . The application requires proof of financial need , and the baby must be in the NICU for at least two weeks . The group has n't rejected anyone yet . "  These are families that ... -LSB- are -RSB- in a time of crisis -LSB- and -RSB- now need extra help . And that 's what we 're about , " Daneshmand said . While families supported by the group are primarily located in southern California , they do not have to live in the area to receive aid . Families in the Midwest , Louisiana and on the East Coast have been helped by the program . The average amount a family receives is $ 1,200 ; it can be more depending on circumstances . So far , Miracle Babies has provided a total of $ 70,000 in assistance . If the group 's monetary support left an impression on families , so has Daneshmand 's compassion . "  Dr. Daneshmand made me feel very at ease , " said first-time parent Sofia Diouri , who at just 24 weeks pregnant had to have an emergency C-section earlier this month due to excessive bleeding . "  He made me feel like everything was going to be OK , even though it could have gone tragic in a matter of seconds . " With her less-than-2-pound daughter Mya hooked up to a breathing apparatus and several IVs , Diouri said , "  It 's hard seeing her struggle . ... You do n't think all these problems are going to happen . But it 's all real life now and it is really hard . " Miracle Babies helped ease some of that suffering for Diouri and her partner , Roy Coronado . The organization paid for housing near the hospital so they would n't have to travel hours each day to be with their daughter -- something they could n't have afforded on their own . For Daneshmand , the main goal is to help these families be happy , healthy and together . "  I want to see others be happy . ... That 's what drives me , that 's what makes me get up in the mornings ... that 's what makes me want to do more , " he said . "  I ca n't think of really any other time in one 's life where you need someone to be there for you . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Miracle Babies website and see how to help .	Miracle Babies helps families cope with financial stress of premature childbirth Dr. Sean Daneshmand started nonprofit after giving families money out of his own pocket The group has helped 80 families across the country since November 2009 Individual donors and small corporate sponsors fund the program
Washington  CNN  -- The cost of the Pentagon 's newest fighter jet will be more than double the original price , solidifying the F-35 joint strike fighter as the most expensive Pentagon weapons program ever . At a Capitol Hill hearing on Thursday , the Pentagon 's chief weapons buyers said numerous problems over the almost 10-year program have forced the cost of the aircraft to go from $ 50 million a jet in 2001 to about $ 113 million . That cost overrun has also forced the Pentagon to justify the program to Congress . Outrage about the cost among the Senate panel was expected , including that from the chairman of the Armed Service Committee , Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan . "  This committee has been a strong supporter of the JSF program from the beginning , however , people should not conclude that we 're going to be willing to continue that strong support without regard to increased costs coming from poor program management , " Levin said . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , the ranking member , had been pushing for a hearing on the program . "  The taxpayers are a little tired of this , and I ca n't say that I can blame them , " McCain said . "  It 's a bit frustrating to hear the secretary of defense as short a time ago as last August to tell us that everything is OK , " McCain said . McCain was referring to a visit to the joint strike fighter assembly plant last year where Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said most of the high risk elements associated with JSF 's developmental program were largely in the past , according to McCain . The Pentagon wants to buy more than 2,400 of the technologically advanced aircraft . The F-35 program has had numerous technical problems , delays and slow productivity over the years , including an entire program restructuring in an attempt to reduce the skyrocketing cost . Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition Ashton Carter told the Senate panel that the program has fallen short on performance in the past few years . "  That is unacceptable , " he said . Despite that , the fighter jet program still enjoys strong support from service chiefs and congressional members because it touches numerous states . The F-35 program cost overrun triggered the Nunn-McCurdy law , which requires the Pentagon to tell Congress of significant cost increases . The law forces the Pentagon to justify continuing with the program . The Pentagon 's director of cost assessment and program evaluation , Christine Fox , told the senators she expects the Pentagon will officially notify Congress under the Nunn-McCurdy regulation by April 1 . The plane was designed to be the next generation fighter for the military and would have three variants . The Navy would have one for its carrier fleet , the Marines would use it to replace their aging Harrier jump jet fleet and the Air Force would use it as the service phases out the F-16 and F-15 fighter jets . The planes are being built by Lockheed Martin , and the program also has international partners who have been building parts for the aircraft . More than 700 of them would be sold to those partner countries , including the United Kingdom , Italy , the Netherlands , Turkey , Canada , Denmark , Norway and Australia . The fighter is the largest weapons program ever and Gates has been counting on it , as there are no immediate alternative programs to the F-35 . Even with the delays and cost overruns , the first planes are expected to be put into service as early as 2012 for the Marine Corps . But the Air Force and Navy are expecting their first aircraft to be delivered by 2016 , a two year delay for the Navy and a three year delay for the Air Force , according to Pentagon officials . Even as the program tries to field an aircraft in less than two years , a Government Accountability Office  GAO  official testified at the hearing that there are still no final costs associated with the program through its projected life ending in 2034 . "  To date , the department does not have a full , comprehensive cost estimate for completing the program , " said Michael Sullivan , director of the acquisition and sourcing management team for the GAO .	The cost of the F-35 aircraft has gone from $ 50 million a jet in 2001 to about $ 113 million F-35 joint strike fighter is most expensive Pentagon weapons program ever Pentagon wants to buy more than 2,400 of the technologically advanced aircraft Even with delays , cost overruns , first planes expected in service as early as 2012
Lithonia , Georgia  CNN  -- Baptist televangelist Eddie Long said Sunday he will fight allegations that he coerced young male church members into having sex with him . "  I am not the man that has been portrayed on television , " he told his congregation . Speaking publicly about the accusations for the first time , Long did not address the specific allegations contained in four lawsuits filed against him earlier this week . "  I 've been accused , I 'm under attack , " he said , lowering his head and softening his voice behind the pulpit at the New Birth Baptist Church in suburban Atlanta . "  I want you to know , as I said earlier , that I am not a perfect man . But this thing , I 'm going to fight , " he said . "  I feel like David against Goliath , but I 've got five rocks and I have n't thrown one yet . " With that , the 57-year-old pastor put down his microphone and walked off stage , receiving deafening applause from the thousands who had come to hear him . The lawsuits accuse Long of using his power and influence within the 25,000-member church to lure young male church members into sexual relationships . The suits allege that the relationships , which began when the men were in their teens , lasted over many months . Long took the young men -- all of them teens at the time -- on trips , including to Kenya , according to the suits . Long allegedly paid for their hotel rooms , and gave the young men gifts , including a car , cash and jewelry -- all in exchange for sexual favors such as massaging , masturbation and oral sex . The accusations were particularly controversial because Long , who is married , has preached passionately against homosexuality over the years . In 2004 , he led a march to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's grave in Atlanta in support of defining marriage as being between a man and a woman . He once declared that his church had created a ministry that "  delivered " people from homosexuality . He has a national presence , has been invited to the White House , runs a popular television ministry , and oversees a worship campus that includes a school . In the parking lot after the services Sunday , church member Juan Davis told CNN affiliate WXIA that he was "  very satisfied with what I heard . " "  It 's a very difficult moment for the church , for the pastor , but I know for sure they 're going to overcome it -- overcome it in a big way , " Davis said . Gabrielle Richards , 21 , who has attended New Birth for nearly eight years , told CNN that after hearing Long 's sermon , "  nothing has changed . " "  My love for the ministry , my love for -LSB- the -RSB- bishop and his family has not changed , " she said . Richards also said she was "  proud " of Long for "  the way he came out with his head up . ... He showed the strength that I 'm accustomed to . " On Saturday , New Birth members also voiced support . "  I stand behind the bishop because of the leader that he is . He is a true leader . The word that he gives is so rich , it is so life-changing , " church member Gary Foster Jr. told CNN . A former New Birth employee , Kevin Bond , said he hopes the allegations are not true . "  The evidence ... all of that is very troubling to many of us in the gospel community , the Christian community , " said Bond . Long gave 8 a.m. and 11 a.m. sermons on Sunday . They were essentially the same . Eliciting chuckles from the audience , Long began both by joking , "  I got ta talk to my family " of worshippers before addressing what other "  folk " -- meaning media -- were there to hear . Both sermons focused on "  understanding painful situations . " He quoted Isaiah : "  When you pass through the waters , I will be with you ; and through the rivers , they shall not overwhelm you ; when you walk through fire you shall not be burned , and the flame shall not consume you . " Long encouraged congregants to think about natural disasters -- tornadoes and floods . He specifically named Hurricane Katrina and other "  painful situations . " "  Bishop Eddie Long will have painful situations , " he said . Shouts of affirmation came from the audience . "  We will walk through this painful situation , " he continued . Then , the bishop quoted the 23rd Psalm . "  Yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death ... " Worshippers were on their feet . He urged them to stay committed to being "  prayerful , " then briefly reminded them that it 's nearly election time in Georgia , that it was important to vote and be involved . He then went back to speaking about himself . "  Some people think I 'm lost , " he said . It is those people , he said , who "  will have an opportunity to come down to the altar . " New Birth will continue to worship and thrive , he said . "  We ai n't gon na stop it , " he said . More cheers . The camera panned to the pastor 's wife Vanessa Long . She smiled . Each sermon ran approximately 20 minutes . Between sermons , Long spoke briefly to reporters . "  I want this to be dealt in the court of justice and not by public opinion , " he said . "  I will say that I am going to fight , fight very vigorously against these charges . " CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Susan Brown and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	Pastor talks for first time since suits filed alleging sex with young male members Eddie Long defends himself at Sunday service : "  I 've been accused , I 'm under attack " Long did not address specifics of allegations contained in suits He has preached passionately against homosexuality and gay marriage
CNN  -- An infant girl delivered prematurely from her mother , who has the swine flu virus , has died , hospital officials said Monday . Aubrey Opdyke was put into a medically induced coma to give the baby as much oxygen as possible . Parker Christine Opdyke was delivered 14 weeks early by doctors at Wellington Regional Medical Center in Florida 's Palm Beach County . Her mother , Aubrey Opdyke , was placed into a medically induced coma June 3 to help give the baby as much oxygen as possible . But doctors delivered Parker on Saturday after her mother suffered a collapsed lung last week . Aubrey Opdyke remains comatose and in critical condition in Wellington 's intensive care unit . "  Despite heroic efforts on the part of physicians and nurses , we are sad to announce that baby Parker Christine Opdyke has expired , " said a written statement from the hospital . No other details were available Monday . Attempts by CNN to reach the family were unsuccessful . Even under the best circumstances , delivering a child at 27 weeks is a very early birth , Dr. David Feld , a Palm Beach County obstetrician and gynecologist , told CNN affiliate WPEC . "  When you have an infectious case , I do n't think you 're going to see that lung maturity as quickly , and I think that is the issue , " he said . But , he said , now that Aubrey Opdyke is no longer pregnant , she will be able to fight for her own life . Palm Beach County has had 247 confirmed cases of the H1N1 virus , known as swine flu , but only one death . In late June , a 25-year-old pregnant woman died , but her baby survived . Pregnant women have long been a prime concern of health care officials regarding the flu virus , but are of particular concern during this outbreak of swine flu . Pregnant women have always been advised to get a flu shot because they are at greater risk because of the weakened immune system resulting from their pregnancy . But the H1N1 epidemic has seen new complications and challenges . "  We have seen , with this virus , worse complications and severe infections in pregnant women , " said Dr. Anne Schuchat , director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  We 're urging women who are pregnant who develop fever or respiratory symptoms to seek care promptly . " The CDC said it is vitally important for pregnant women to recognize the signs and symptoms , like fever and cough , to get to their doctor quickly and to begin taking antiviral medicines early on . "  I know that many pregnant women do n't want to take anything while they 're pregnant , " said Schuchat . "  This is a situation where you need to be more worried about your health and the baby 's health . " The CDC also recommends that pregnant women get the H1N1 vaccine when it becomes available , in addition to an annual flu shot . "  For people who are at high risk , like pregnant women , planning to receive both vaccines is probably the right way to go , " Schuchat said . The CDC 's advisory committee will meet later this month to make recommendations on at-risk groups who should receive the new vaccine .	Baby delivered 14 weeks prematurely from a mom battling swine flu has died The baby 's mother , who has been placed in a coma , remains in critical condition CDC sees "  worse complications , severe infections in pregnant women " with this flu
CNN  -- Tech visionary Elon Musk made headlines when he said recently that artificial intelligence is like "  summoning the demon " and may well be humanity 's "  biggest existential threat . " Just this month , researchers in Japan announced they had created a software system that could outperform the average Japanese high school student on a standardized college entrance exam . In other words , the machines are catching up to humans in intelligence . Concerns about A.I. and robots can be divided into two broad categories and framed as questions . First , will the machines take our jobs and destroy our livelihoods ? Second , do we have to worry that advanced artificial intelligence could truly threaten humanity , perhaps by acting to destroy us  as in the "  Terminator " movies  or enslave us  as in the "  Matrix " series  . The evidence suggests that , at least for the foreseeable future , the impact on employment is what should worry us . The reality is that most people in our workforce are employed in occupations that are on some level fundamentally routine and predicable . Most people come to work and , regardless of their job title or industry , tend to face the same basic types of challenges again and again . Just as a trainee might learn to do a job by carefully observing everything done by an experienced worker , rapidly improving machine learning algorithms seem likely to eventually figure out how to do a great many jobs . Last year , a team in Oxford University performed a detailed analysis of over 700 occupations in the United States . They came to the conclusion that jobs constituting a staggering 47 % of U.S. employment -- well over 60 million jobs -- could become automated in a decade or two . It 's important to realize that projections like these do not rely on the stuff of science fiction . Machine learning technology is already in widespread use ; it powers Google 's language translation service as well as its self-driving cars , the book and movie recommendations made on websites like Amazon and Netflix , and the potential matches suggested by online dating sites . The idea that smart software will eventually begin to eat any job that consists primarily of tasks that are predicable requires only a fairly simple extrapolation that technology will only get better and better . Many people remain very skeptical that progress will ever result in a significant unemployment problem . So far , history is on their side . The classic example of technological disruption is the mechanization of agriculture . In the United States , most people once worked on farms . Now the number is roughly 2 % of the population . Millions of jobs were lost , and yet we are clearly better off ; food is much cheaper and workers moved on to often more fulfilling jobs in other industries . The farm workers of yesteryear were able to transition into a rising manufacturing sector and later into service industries . But it may be overly optimistic to expect that scenario to play out again in the face of today 's technology . Unlike the specialized , mechanical innovations that transformed agriculture , today 's information technology is truly general purpose , and it will ultimately bring sophisticated artificial intelligence and robotics capability to every industry and employment sector . Technology will certainly create new industries , but there is little reason to expect they will need many workers . We can get some idea of how the future is likely to look by examining one of the most successful technology companies . Google , for example , has become enormously influential and achieved a staggering market valuation with a workforce of only about 50,000 people . That 's roughly half the number of jobs the U.S. economy needs to create in a single month , just to keep pace with growth in the population . What about the even more frightening prospect of smart machines destroying or enslaving us ? Unlike the prospect for technology to displace many workers , this outcome requires a quantum leap in technological progress . Building a machine that can truly think like a human , conceive new ideas and exhibit self-awareness remains a daunting challenge and likely lies at least decades in the future . It is entirely possible that accelerating computer power coupled with advances in brain science may eventually result in a true thinking machine . Many researchers believe that such a truly advanced A.I. would be driven to turn its intellectual energies inward , repeatedly improving its own design and making itself even smarter . The result could be an "  intelligence explosion " culminating in a silicon-based mind hundreds or even thousands of times more intelligent than any human being . And there is , of course , no guarantee that this new alien intelligence would be especially concerned about the welfare of humanity . The chance that we 'll see a true thinking machine anytime soon is small . Yet , the magnitude of the disruption -- and potential threat -- that would result is so large that the prospect should not be ignored . For now , though , the pressing question is : How do we adapt our economy and society to a future in which machines do much of the work now performed by people ? Will humans go the way of horses ?	Martin Ford : Concerns about artificial intelligence should be taken seriously Ford : In the immediate future , the risk that you 'll lose your job to a machine is real 47 % of U.S. employment - well over 60 million jobs - could be automated in coming decades Ford : How do we adapt to an economy where humans ' jobs are displaced by machines ?
Istanbul  CNN  -- Police used water cannons to disperse hundreds of demonstrators gathered Tuesday in Istanbul 's main commercial street to protest the building of a road through a university forest in the Turkish capital city of Ankara . Protesters gathered in Istiklal Street and chanted anti-government slogans such as , "  This is just the beginning , the resistance will continue , " "  A thousand greetings to the resistance , " "  Killer police will pay , " and "  Police go away , these streets are ours . " The new round of protests in Istanbul erupted after the Ankara Municipality began cutting trees Friday in the Middle Eastern Technical University forest to make way for a highway development project . Police used their shields and water cannons to clear the main part of Istiklal Street , pushing protesters into side streets . "  This is not a designated meeting area . Please clear the street , " the police announced over loudspeakers . One protester was knocked to the ground by a water cannon and lost consciousness for several minutes . "  In a bit they will start rounding up people . There is no law left in the country , " said a lawyer from the Istanbul Bar Association on standby in case of detentions . Earlier in the day , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said in a speech delivered in parliament that the construction of the road would go on and criticized the demonstrators . "  For a road , everything can be sacrificed , because a road is civilization . But those who are not civilized will not understand the value of a road . They do n't know it , " he said . The ruling Justice and Development Party has come under criticism for its large-scale development projects . In May , widespread protests swept through Turkey over plans to turn a central Istanbul park into a shopping mall .	Demonstrators in Istanbul protest construction of a road through a forest in Ankara Police use their shields and water cannons to clear Istanbul 's main commercial street Prime Minister : "  For a road , everything can be sacrificed , because a road is civilization "
On a Spring day in 1970 , just five days after National Guard troops opened fire on anti-war demonstrators at Kent State University , a restless president awoke in the pre-dawn hours , strolled to the Lincoln sitting room , and sat down to listen to some music . From the window , he could see student protesters gathering on the grounds of the Washington Monument . A White House attendant asked the president if he would like coffee or hot chocolate . He declined . What happened next is the stuff of political legend . President Richard M. Nixon , the strategic , calculating -- and some say paranoid -- architect of his own rise and fall , took an uncharacteristic gamble . He asked his attendant if he had ever seen the Lincoln Memorial at night , then led a small entourage on an unplanned visit to the Lincoln Memorial , where he talked to young anti-war protesters . "  I have never seen the Secret Service quite so petrified with apprehension , " Nixon said a few days later . "  I insisted however no press be informed and that nobody in our office be informed . " But Nixon , aware of the historical nature of the event and of the potential for favorable publicity , soon thereafter dictated his recollections to aide H.R. Haldeman , suggesting they give the information to someone who could write it up . On Thursday , the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum released Nixon 's 45-minute Dictabelt sound recordings in which the embattled president gives his firsthand account of the May 9 , 1970 , visit . Combative Nixon defended legacy to grand jury For Nixonologists , Nixon 's pre-dawn conversation with young students , under the stone-faced gaze of another wartime president , is part political theater and part history . "  I 'm telling you this is beyond belief , " enthused Timothy Naftali , director of the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum . "  If Hollywood created this , you would n't believe it . " The visit came at a time when the country 's deep divide over the Vietnam War was reaching new depths . Days earlier , Nixon announced the United States would attack the enemy along the Vietnam-Cambodia border . "  This is not the invasion of Cambodia , " he said in a speech . "  We will not allow American men by the thousands to be killed by an enemy from privileged sanctuaries . " Then , days later , Kent State . Then , Nixon 's trip to the Lincoln Memorial . In his tape-recorded dictation , Nixon said his car arrived at the memorial about 4:40 a.m. , and he walked up the steps to the Lincoln statue . He showed his White House attendant , a recent citizen , the engraved inscriptions that surround the monument . "  By this time , a small groups of students began to congregate in the rotunda of the memorial , " he said . "  I walked over to a group of them and shook hands . They were not unfriendly . As a matter of fact they seemed somewhat over-awed and of course quite surprised . " That first group consisted of about eight young men , about half from upstate New York , Nixon said . To "  get the conversation going , " Nixon asked how many had been to Washington before . "  I told them that it was a beautiful city and I hope they enjoyed their visit there , that I wanted them , of course , to attend the anti-war demonstration , to listen to all the speakers and that I hope they had the time to take a tour of the city and see some of the historical monuments . " Two or three of the students volunteered they had not heard Nixon 's press conference the previous evening . "  I said I was sorry they had missed it because , as I had tried to explain in the press conference that my goals in Vietnam were the same as theirs -- to stop the killing , to end the war , to bring peace . Our goal was not to get into Cambodia by what we were doing , but to get out of Vietnam , " Nixon said . Nixon said he realized that most of the students did not agree with his position . "  I said , ' I know you , probably most of you think I 'm an SOB , but , ah , I want you to know that I understand just how you feel . " Then , in an apparent attempt to relate with the students , he told them of his background . He said he came from a Quaker background , "  as close to being a pacifist as anybody could be in those times . " He said he was inspired by British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain 's calls for peace , and "  I thought at that time Chamberlain was the greatest man alive . " When he read Winston Churchill 's criticism of Chamberlain , "  I thought Churchill was a madman , " Nixon said . "  In retrospect , I now realize that I was wrong . I realize that Chamberlain was a good man but that Churchill was a wiser man , " Nixon said . "  I then tried to move the conversation into areas where I could draw them out , " Nixon said . He asked where they were from , and encouraged them to travel throughout the United States and the world . He sought common ground , discussing the plight of the environment and of minorities . "  I pointed out that I knew that on their campus , their campuses , a major subject of concern was the Negro problem . I said this was altogether as it should be , because the degradation of slavery had been imposed upon the Negroes , and it was , it would be impossible for us to do everything that we should do to right that wrong . But I pointed out that what we had done to the American Indians was in its way just as bad . We had taken a proud and independent race and virtually destroyed them . And that we had to find ways to bring them back into , into decent lives in this country . " By this time , Nixon recounted , the group had grown to about 30 people . And the meeting evidently became more contentious . One protestor spoke up , telling Nixon , "  I hope you realize that we 're willing to die for what we believe in , " Nixon recalled . He said he responded , "  I certainly realize that . Do you realize that many of us when we were your age were also willing to die for what we believed in and are willing to do so today . The point is that we are trying to build a world in which you will not have to die for what you believe in , but you 're able to live for it . " Nixon said he discussed the importance of cleaning up the environment , but said that , alone , would not cure the world 's ills . "  I just wanted to be sure that all of them realized that ending the war and cleaning up the city streets and the air and the water was not going to solve the spiritual hunger which all of us have and which of course has been the great mystery of life from the beginning of time , " he said . By that time , the president 's press secretary Ron Ziegler had arrived , and Nixon saw the Secret Service "  was becoming more and more concerned as they saw the crowd beginning to mount . " "  They probably feared some of the more active leaders would get word of my visit and descend upon us , " he said . As the first rays of sun began to show , Nixon shook hands with those nearest to him and walked down the steps .	Richard Nixon library releases tapes made by the late president On one , he tells of meeting with protesters at the Lincoln Memorial in 1970 He told them of his Quaker background , early admiration for Neville Chamberlain He sought out common ground on race relations , environment , he says
CNN  -- Join me in a thought experiment . Take two individuals , A and B . A is a naturally gifted professional immersed in a hyper-competitive field where performance is publicly scrutinized and frequently re-evaluated . Continuous pressure makes A seek any advantage to excel . He takes medications to gain a physical advantage over competitors while risking chronic health problems . B is a talented and motivated employee who has made innumerable sacrifices to get ahead at work . She is stressed by the knowledge that her productivity is always being analyzed and feels pressured to use any possible advantage to be the best . She takes a medication that makes her mentally sharper but could endanger her health . A is maligned baseball star Alex Rodriguez . B is your co-worker with the newly acquired job title who seems to work 90 hours per week , escaping fatigue by inexplicable means . Opinion : How A-Rod let us down Is there really a significant difference between A and B , other than how much A has been publicly criticized ? Not really . Their actions stem from the same premise : In competitive professional environments , winners do whatever is necessary to triumph . Your new VP may lack A-Rod 's bulk and salary , but they share a common style . Rodriguez was recently suspended for 211 games for an alleged connection to a Florida clinic that has been accused of supplying professional athletes with performance-enhancing drugs . Even casual fans realize this action is the equivalent of a guilty verdict for doping . Your enthusiastically efficient , work-obsessed colleague with the new job title and beautifully renovated office down the hall shares a similar philosophy as athletes accused of doping : Take advantage of any available mechanism to succeed . Consequently , Person B pursues the controversial advantage conferred by "  neuroenhancement " medications . In theory , these act as steroids for the mind . They include mixed amphetamine salts and other medications approved to treat attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder , or ADHD . Whether or not the medications objectively enhance cognitive performance is still under investigation . There are theorized risks of increased rates of hypertension , heart failure and psychosis with their use , but there is no definitive evidence that the use of neuroenhancement medications imposes these risks . Nonetheless , some researchers are documenting that U.S. college students and professionals are increasingly using neuroenhancement medications for "  nonprescription use , " which may include the use of the medication in healthy adults seeking a cognitive advantage . As contentious as the research on neuroenhancement may be , there is even less controlled research looking at the objective results and adverse effects of performance-enhancing drugs in athletics . Regardless of the outcomes that these medications achieve , the motivations of their consumers are the same . Whether doping for physical or cognitive enhancement , both parties are using medications with indeterminate efficacy and risk to obtain an advantage . The only difference is the level of regulation and scrutiny of the abusers and who is more likely to be punished for the abuse . Fear of public shaming and prosecution should not drive decision-making when it comes to the illegal use of performance-enhancing drugs . A-Rod has a large number of critics ; at least one of them must have tried neuroenhancement to dominate in the office . This person may label A-Rod as a "  doper " and question the validity of his achievements without acknowledging that his or her motivations may stem from similar desires . Fans who are critical of athletes need to apply the same standards to themselves and to the people in their lives . A pharmacologically derived professional advantage in the office should not be seen as more appropriate than a similar advantage gained in a stadium . A-Rod could potentially sit for hundreds of games as a consequence of the accusations against him . Maybe your new VP should forfeit that fancy new office for 211 days to maintain a moral norm . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bryan Moore .	Bryan Moore : People who take neuroenhancement drugs to be sharper similar to A-Rod case Moore says some may take mixed amphetamine salts , used to treat ADHD , to gain advantage He says these medications may carry health risks but wo n't get high achievers fired at work Moore : Perhaps professionals should face same scrutiny as athletes such as A-Rod
Plano , Texas  CNN  -- Texas police are hunting for a man they believe broke into the homes of four former members of the same sorority , then sexually assaulted them . The alleged attacks took place over a span of months , and occurred in the Texas cities of Plano , Coppell and Corinth , according to police . No one has been named yet as a suspect , though Plano police last week released a video -- dated in April -- showing a man they believe is responsible for all four assaults . The alleged victims -- all black females in their mid-50s to mid-60s -- offered similar descriptions of their assailant as a stout , black male in his late 30s to mid-40s . And all were alumnae of the same sorority : Delta Sigma Theta . "  He made it obvious to our victims that he knew information ... about them personally , " said Plano police spokesman Andre Smith , adding that none of the women believe they knew their attacker in advance . While ceding the sorority membership is a "  common denominator " of all four cases , Smith cautioned against assuming that the accused attacker had only targeted this sorority 's alumnae . "  We do n't want to give a false sense of security to any other group that 's out there , " he said . According to Corinth Police Capt. Greg Wilkerson , all the assaults occurred in "  residential settings " between 9:15 p.m. and 4 a.m. when the victims were alone . The alleged attack in his city , 35 miles northwest of Dallas , took place on October 14 . The late-night setting , the fact the victims were often asleep and the alleged assailant 's "  attempts to conceal his identity " make it challenging to definitively identify the attacker , said Wilkerson . He noted that the Corinth police department is currently processing DNA evidence , as are other police departments . Still , Wilkerson said that the suspect 's physical traits -- weighing from 275 to 300 pounds and between 5-foot-7 and 5-foot-9 tall , in his department 's estimation , and balding or with a close-shaven head -- were common , as were other characteristics like what he called the man 's distinctive "  swagger " as shown in the video . Police described the video as coming from a surveillance camera , but they did not describe the specific source or location . "  There are some things ... that stick out -- his size , the glasses , the mannerism with which he walks , " added Smith . "  We know somebody knows  him  ... We just hope that they give us a call , so we can put a stop to this . " Wilkerson said that the nature of the assaults suggests the assailant was "  possibly suspecting surveillance , spending some time around the areas ... prior to the attacks . " The police captain added authorities do not know how the suspect learned details of the victims , speculating it may have been over the internet , by accessing an old directory or noticing would-be victims with Delta Sigma Theta jewelry , placards or other paraphernalia out in public . "  We want them to understand that their group is being targeted , " Wilkerson said of the sorority 's alumnae , urging them "  not to advertise " their affiliation with Delta Sigma Theta and advising those who live alone to stay with a relative or friend until the case is resolved . "  But  we do n't want to create any pandemonium . " The sorority 's Washington-based headquarters , in a statement Monday , urged all its members in the Dallas area to take precautions . "  To think that our members are being targeted is disturbing and extremely disheartening , " said Cynthia M.A. Butler-McIntyre , Delta Sigma Theta 's president . "  Until the individual responsible for these crimes is brought to justice , we will continue to remain in close communication with one another and law enforcement officials . "	4 black women in their 50s and 60s were allegedly attacked while at home alone , police say They were all alumnae of the Delta Sigma Theta sorority The alleged attacker -- black and in his 30s or 40s -- knew personal info about his victims Authorities have not named anyone , though they 've released a video of a possible suspect
Netflix and Amazon are adding new titles to their streaming options in June . Whether your tastes run to classic horror like "  Carrie " or television series like "  Downton Abbey , " there is plenty to choose from . Here is the schedule of releases . Here 's what you should look for on Netflix : June 1 : "  Apocalypse Now Redux "  2001 "  Barbershop "  2002 "  Carrie "  1976 "  Clear and Present Danger "  1994 "  Cold Mountain "  2003 "  El Dorado "  1966 "  Ever After : A Cinderella Story "  1998 "  Funny Lady "  1975 "  Harriet the Spy "  1996 "  I.Q. "  1994 "  Left Behind : The Movie :  2000 "  Reign Over Me "  2007 "  Rudy "  1993 "  Swept Away "  2002 "  The Adventures of Milo and Otis "  1989 "  The Craft "  1996 "  The Returned "  2013 "  The Stepford Wives "  2004 "  The Triplets of Belleville "  2003 "  Trailer Park Boys Live in F**kin' Dublin "  2014 "  Trailer Park Boys : Say Goodnight to the Bad Guys "  2010 June 3 : "  Devil 's Knot  2013 "  The Glades : Season 4 " June 4 : "  Romeo & Juliet "  2013 June 6 : "  Luther : Season 3 " "  Orange is the New Black : Season 2 " "  Girl Most Likely "  2012 June 7 : "  The Art of the Steal "  2013 June 10 : "  Bonnie & Clyde "  2013 "  One Direction : Clevver 's Ultimate Fan Guide "  2013 "  Pretty Little Liars : Season 4 " June 13 : "  World War Z "  2013 June 14 : "  Toddlers & Tiaras : Season 7 " June 15 : "  Return to Nim 's Island "  2013 "  The Pirate Fairy "  2014 June 16 : "  Jane Eyre "  2011 June 17 : "  Heartland : Season 5 " "  Real Husbands of Hollywood : Season 2 " "  Wilfred : Season 3 " June 18 : "  Oldboy "  2013 June 20 : "  Comedy Bang ! Bang ! : Season 2 " June 22 : "  Copper : Season 2 " June 23 : "  Tarzan "  1999 "  Tarzan 2 :  2005 June 24 : "  Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me "  2013 "  Gambit "  2012 "  Wolf Creek 2 "  2013 "  XXX : State of the Union "  2005 June 27 : "  Turbo FAST : Season 1 " June 29 : "  Lawless "  2012 June 30 "  My Girl "  1991 "  My Girl 2 "  1994 "  Sophie 's Choice "  1982 And here 's what you should look for on Amazon : June 1 : "  Naruto Seasons 1-7 " June 3 : "  Stories We Tell " "  The Glades : Season 4 " June 6 : "  Girl Most Likely "  2012 June 13 : "  Doc of the Dead " "  Wait Till Next Year : Season 1 " "  World War Z "  2013 June 15 : "  American Experience : JFK , Season 1 " "  The Mind of a Chef : Season 2 " "  John Leguizamo : Tales from a Ghetto Klown " "  Dangerous Edge : A Life of Graham Greene " "  The Powerbroker : Whitney Young 's Fight for Civil Rights " "  NOVA Making Stuff : Season 2 " "  Secrets of London : Season 1 " "  Antiques Roadshow : Season 16 " "  Genealogy Roadshow : Season 1 " June 16 : "  Key & Peele : Season 3 " June 17 : "  Adam Devine 's House Party : Season 1 " June 22 : "  Wendell & Vinnie " June 23 : "  Downton Abbey : Season 4 " June 25 : "  Creative Galaxy : Season 1 " June 26 : "  Kung Fu Panda "	Netflix and Amazon have a bunch of new offerings for June There are movies and new seasons of TV shows They range from horror to comedy
CNN  In the 1950s it was cancer . Hush , hush , whisper , whisper . "  They called it the ` C ' word , and it did n't get talked about in doctor 's offices , " said Beth Kallmyer of the Alzheimer 's Association . "  It certainly was n't talked about in the general public , it was whispered . " Today it 's Alzheimer 's , and 55 % of patients and their caregivers say their doctors never told them they have the devastating disease , according to a special report of the Alzheimer 's Association released this week . Compare that to one of the big four cancers -- breast , colorectal , lung and prostate -- more than 90 % said their doctors had no problem giving them the diagnosis . "  Alzheimer 's not being talked about , many doctors are not giving the diagnosis , " added Kallmyer in a webcast . "  We need to change that . It 's a disease , it 's nothing to be ashamed about . " "  This is very current , very well done , and pretty dramatic findings , let 's be honest , " said Dr. Pierre Tariot , director of Banner 's Alzheimer 's Institute . "  I am reminded of the rather sobering fact that as many as 60 % of people who have a dementia die without the dementia having been diagnosed by their doctor . " Why the silence ? This is not the first report to show doctors are sidestepping this tough conversation . But why ? That 's been studied too , and the reasons doctors give range from diagnostic uncertainty and fear of causing emotional distress to time constraints , lack of support , and stigma . "  There is an element of stigma here towards brain and mental health problems in general , " said Tariot . "  I would call it professional awkwardness . I ca n't really help this condition , why invest time and energy talking about it , it makes me squirm . " "  I think the comparison of Alzheimer 's to cancer is appropriate , " said Dr. Tom Price , Medical Director for Emory University 's Geriatric Clinic . "  I give patients a new diagnosis of Alzheimer 's disease many times a week , and every time it is uncomfortable , and I 've been doing it for over 10 years . It is easier to talk about cancer now that there are so many new and effective treatment strategies , and cause of optimism with survival from cancer at an all-time high . " What 's at stake Alzheimer 's advocates stress the importance of giving a patient all the facts , as early as possible , so they can work with their family to organize legal and health directives and have time to fulfill life-long desires . It 's just as important for the caregiver . "  Imagine it 's your spouse , " said Tariot . "  Personality changes , memory is different , language and communication is different , you do n't know what is going on . Then you start getting answers , and you get a sense of how to play to his strengths and minimize his weaknesses . Here are travel tips , communication tips , and safety issues ; here are ways to stay happy and joyful , even though this is a new chronic illness . " There 's another critical factor as well : access to clinical trials that might help slow the illness . "  Right now , the big studies that are underway in prevention are really looking at people in the early stages of Alzheimer 's , " said Kallmyer . "  So by waiting , they can lose out on clinical trials as well . " Addressing the ` gap ' "  We want to be clear that we believe physicians are well meaning , but there 's a gap there somewhere , " said Keith Fargo , Director of Scientific Programs for the Alzheimer 's Association . "  We saw doctors say lack of time , lack of resources , so we think the answer to this mostly has to do with education and providing more resources . " Experts CNN spoke to agreed . "  As a field , we have failed , " Tariot told CNN . "  It is n't just the doctors in the trenches . Medical schools , professional organizations and health care systems have not recognized the importance of identification and management of people with dementia . " "  I think that medical school curriculum does need to update to include neurodegenerative diseases in their ` giving bad news ' training -- Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's diseases , for example , " said Price . "  We do need to educate all providers to be aware that hesitance to give the diagnosis reduces the ability of the patient and family to make some choices and planning that is essential for emotional and financial well-being . "	Only 45 % of patients and their caregivers say their doctor told them they have Alzheimer 's Yet more than 90 % of common cancer patients were given their diagnosis Advocates say truthful diagnosis is critical to quality of life and future planning
CNN  -- The massive earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan on Friday spared the island of Indonesia , a nearby developing country that was devastated in 2004 by one of the deadliest tsunamis in history . Helping after that disaster was CNN Hero Robin Lim . Lim is the founder of Indonesia 's Yayasan Bumi Sehat health clinics , which provide free prenatal and birthing care to women in need . Lim recently spoke with CNN 's Ebonne Ruffins about how her midwife teams respond in natural disasters , balancing critical medical needs with cultural traditions . Ebonne Ruffins : What 's it like to work in Indonesia and , specifically , after the 2004 tsunami ? Robin Lim : In Indonesia , there is a great need for us because many mothers want the help of professional birth attendants but ca n't afford them . So they come to us . It was not easy to start so grass-roots in Bali , completely reliant on donations , but we did it . And when the tsunami happened a few years later in Aceh , we were early responders . So many on the eastern coast lost everything , and it was very difficult to witness . But we had to be there for those who survived or were fighting to survive . Ruffins : How do your teams provide maternal and infant care in the middle of a devastated area ? Lim : Because the devastation can ruin entire clinics and resources , we have to be prepared to treat them with limited materials . Instead of cutting the umbilical cord , for instance , we burn it -- especially in disaster zones , because it 's something we can teach our midwives and doctors who 've lost their instruments . Using scissors to sever the umbilical cord carries a risk of tetanus . If you burn the cord , there 's just no risk of infection . And outside of just knowing how to safely respond medically , we try to have respect for everyone 's faith . We do n't have any particular religion , and we 'll honor all requests and faith traditions -- special songs , flowers or chants . No matter what they are or where we are , we honor these faiths . This helps the moms feel safe and supported with us . Video : Watch a cord-burning ceremony at Lim 's clinic Ruffins : You 've delivered enough babies to repopulate another island . Have you learned anything from the people you 've helped ? Lim : I 've learned a lot . Quite often I cry tears of joy because I feel humbled . Once in a while , a baby is born that does n't breathe . Normally CPR works , but sometimes no matter what you do , that baby just was n't meant to make it . That really humbles us , because we have control over reducing risks for the mothers and babies but I have learned we do n't have control over fate . There are so many more good days than bad , though . When there is a long night and there is an emergency , the mothers just hang in there -- and the babies , too . They are so strong , and they push through -- literally . That 's love . They have taught me that this world is really worth preserving . The babies come in so fresh and innocent , trusting and open to love . And if we can just give them a safe and gentle entrance into this world , then they will keep that ability to love and trust . See the full story on CNN Hero Robin Lim : ` Mother Robin ' delivers for poor women in Indonesia	Robin Lim founded health clinics in Indonesia that offer free prenatal and birthing care When a tsunami hit in 2004 , her midwife teams had to work with limited resources Lim : We try to have respect for everyone 's faith Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- An investigation into the deaths of two people who spent up to two hours inside a "  sweat lodge " at an Arizona retreat last week has been elevated from an accidental death investigation to a homicide inquiry , Yavapai County Sheriff Steve Waugh told reporters Thursday . Self-help author James Arthur Ray has hired investigators to investigate two deaths at an Arizona sweat lodge . Authorities said James Shore , 40 , of Milwaukee , Wisconsin , and Kirby Brown , 38 , of Westtown , New York , died Friday at the Angel Valley Resort after spending up to two hours in the sauna-like sweat lodge . Nineteen others were treated for injuries . One person remained hospitalized Thursday in critical condition , Waugh said . The dead and injured were attending a program by self-help author James Arthur Ray , authorities said . A search warrant was executed Wednesday at the James Ray International offices in Carlsbad , California , the sheriff said . Authorities were attempting to determine whether documents exist on how to construct sweat lodges and on their proper use , as well as documents showing whether participants were advised of the risks of sweat lodges either before or during the program . They also were searching for rosters from past events , Waugh said . Police would not say what , if anything , was found in executing the search warrant . Watch what goes on inside the ` sweat lodge ' " Asked why the deaths have been classified as homicides and the investigation upgraded , Waugh said , "  We believe there are indications that it was not accidental , and ... we feel that there should be some culpability on some individuals . " Those individuals could include Ray and possibly others , he said . A spokesman for Ray said authorities should be focusing on the investigation rather than talking to reporters . "  The Sheriff 's Department is trying this case in the media , " said Howard Bragman , noting that Thursday 's news conference was the sheriff 's second this week . "  There were no additional facts presented today ; there were implications . I find words like ` homicide ' -- when they do n't have all the facts -- inflammatory and inappropriate at this time , and I think they 're purposely inflammatory . ... Let 's show as much zeal with the investigation and getting to the facts as they have in trying to tar my client , " Bragman said . The sweat lodge was meant to be a "  spiritual awakening " exercise for the participants in the "  Spiritual Warrior " program , Waugh said . A sweat lodge is a dome-like structure covered with tarps and blankets . Hot rocks and water are used to create steam in the enclosed environment . The owners of the resort built the sweat lodge , Waugh said , under Ray 's direction . A nurse on Ray 's staff was present during the event , police have said . At least one of those who died was in the back of the structure , Waugh said . Ray was positioned near its door . There were no seats , he said ; participants either sat or lay on the floor . On Tuesday , Ray said he has hired his own investigators to determine what happened at his Arizona retreat , located in a secluded valley 20 minutes from Sedona . "  I have no idea what happened . We 'll figure it out , " Ray said . "  I 've lost people I love and really care about . " Ray is the author of the best-selling book "  Harmonic Wealth : The Secret of Attracting the Life You Want . " Ray , described on his Web site as a "  personal success strategist , " has appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " and the "  Oprah Winfrey Show , " and is featured in the self-empowerment film "  The Secret . " The use of sweat lodges for spiritual and physical cleansing is a part of several Native American tribes ' cultures . A traditional Native American sweat lodge is a small dome-like structure made of willow branches carefully tied together and covered in canvas . Rocks are heated in a nearby fire pit and placed inside the lodge , and water is poured over them to create steam .	2 die , 19 injured in sweat lodge at Arizona retreat Self-help author James Arthur Ray sponsored the program "  We believe there are indications that it was not accidental , " police say Ray says he 's hired private investigators to determine what happened
CNN  On the 6th of April 1996 , San Jose Clash and DC United strode out in front of 31,683 expectant fans at the Spartan Stadium in San Jose , California . The historic occasion was the first ever Major League Soccer match -- a brave new dawn for the world 's favorite sport in a land its charms had yet to conquer . Summarizing the action for ESPN , commentator Ty Keough eagerly described the momentous "  birth of a new era for American soccer . " Looking back at footage from that balmy evening now it 's hard not to feel a certain nostalgia . Baggy shirts , questionable hairstyles and strange rule adaptations to make games more exciting were all part of the formative MLS experience . Countdown clocks were employed to provide drama at the end of each half . Even more bizarrely , tied games were settled by shootouts that saw attacking players run with the ball from 35-yards out before attempting to beat the opposing goalkeeper . As the MLS prepares to mark the beginning of its 20th season , it 's hard to comprehend just how much the league has progressed in the intervening period . Long gone is the desire to tamper with the rules of the game for a start . Attendances are higher than ever before while the number of teams involved has doubled from 10 in the 1996 campaign to 20 in 2015 . A further four are set to be added by 2020 . On top of this , the new season is the first of a new domestic TV and media rights deal with FOX , ESPN and Univision worth $ 700 million over eight years . This figure may pale beside the $ 5.1 billion recently paid by UK broadcasters for the English Premier League , the richest football league in the world , but it represents a tripling in value of the previous MLS deal . According to Phil Rawlins , co-primary owner and president of the new MLS franchise , Orlando City Soccer Club , "  the industry and the game itself has moved on dramatically " in the U.S. . He believes what would equal 50 years growth in most other industries has been experienced in the first two decades of the MLS . Rawlins ' club is a prime example of this rapid transformation . He describes players being pushed out of changing facilities because of a schedule clash with a yoga class not so long ago . This weekend 60,000 fans are expected to witness Orlando City 's opening weekend fixture against New York City , another new club making their MLS bow . World Cup winners Kaka and David Villa will turn out for Orlando and New York City respectively . "  We 're just on the crest of the wave at the moment , " Rawlins said of football 's American progress . "  Can it be the number two , number three sport in this country ? Yes , I think it can . And it can be in a short space of time . " These positive assertions are backed by the huge interest U.S. fans showed in last year 's World Cup in Brazil . Team USA 's group stage clash with Portugal attracted 25 million viewers , according to figures from TV ratings firm , Nielsen . That 's considerably more than the 15 million baseball 's 2013 World Series averaged on FOX or the similar audience that tuned into the 2014 NBA finals on ABC . Anyone who saw 20,000 pumped-up young fans pack out Chicago 's Grant Park to cheer on their country via big screens , meanwhile , would find it hard to argue against soccer in the U.S. now being anything other than a big deal . Reaching this promising stage , however , has been anything but a smooth ride . The MLS was reported to have lost as much as $ 250 million in its first five years while average attendances initially dwindled after the inaugural season . Three teams -- Miami Fusion , Tampa Bay Mutiny  both in 2001  and Chivas USA  2014  -- were disbanded along the way due to a mixture of lack of fan interest and ownership troubles . A report by Forbes at the end of 2013 , meanwhile , claimed that only 10 out of 19 MLS teams were profitable . And as recently as this week , MLS players looked like they could be going on strike over wages and the right of players to become free agents when their contracts end . Then there 's the way the league develops , attracts and trades players . A salary cap restricts the amount teams can spend on playing squads . Each side , however , has a number of spaces that can be allocated to "  off budget " signings which are not included within the cap . This includes promising Generation Adidas players who enter the MLS through the draft systems before completing their college education . Homegrown players from club 's development academies are also exempt as are a maximum of three designated players  DPs  , usually stellar international names whose wages and transfer fees will be covered by club owners or sponsors . One of the main criticisms of the MLS and its complex player acquisition rulebook is that while it does entice prominent stars of the game like David Beckham , Freddie Ljungberg and Thierry Henry to appear in the MLS , it only does so when their careers are on a downward trajectory . Why would an exceptional player want to move to a league that can only attract a handful of top talents at any one time , after all ? And herein lies one of the leagues biggest challenges in attracting and keeping the talented players fans want to see . Although the likes of the salary cap encourages fiscal probity , it means MLS teams are restricted by rules clubs in other markets are not . Head coach of Sporting Kansas , Peter Vermes , highlighted these difficulties in comments carried by the Kansas City Star newspaper last year . "  We 're in a place where at times you ca n't compete with foreign clubs because of the kind of dynamics they have in regards to finances . We have a salary cap . They do n't , " Vermes said . According to Paulo Teixeira , a football agent who has worked to bring in and sell players from the league in recent years , current philosophies with regards player-trading may be have to be tweaked to help the MLS grow yet further . He describes the importance of placing an emphasis on attracting younger players with European passports . Such talented individuals will have a sell-on value that can be recouped by the league and their clubs if they move on from the MLS to the biggest and wealthiest leagues across the Atlantic . Theoretically , at least , this money can then be reinvested in the league , player development and attracting yet more promising players to the MLS . This in turn will raise the standard further . An early example of this strategy can perhaps be found in the transfer of Oriol Rossell , a Spanish midfielder who moved from Sporting Kansas to Sporting Lisbon last year in a deal brokered by Teixeira . Rossell arrived on a free transfer aged 20 after being released by FC Barcelona in 2012 . He excelled at Kansas , winning the MLS Cup before being sold to the Portuguese giants at a profit in June 2014 . Teixeira is quick to make clear such plans would need good scouting systems to truly flourish . It could also be achieved by signing DPs closer to the peak stage of their career , he added . This last point is something that appears be happening already . "  Before they used to have a lot of big names who could no longer run in Europe , " Teixeira said . "  But  Villa is not an old guy ,  Frank  Lampard is still going strong " and both could still offer something to teams in Europe , he said by way of example of New York City 's first DP signings . Nevertheless , he continued , the signing of more young players with big potential "  is probably something we 'll see more of . " Whether Teixeira is correct will become apparent in the months and years ahead . Either way , that brave new MLS dawn that broke over San Jose back in 1996 has turned into a bright morning . CNN 's Don Riddell contributed to this story .	The 20th MLS season begins this weekend League has changed dramatically since its inception in 1996 Some question whether rules regarding salary caps and transfers need to change
CNN  -- A doctor who has played a key role in fighting the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone is infected with the disease , according to that country 's Ministry of Health . Dr. Sheik Humarr Khan is being treated by the French aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres -- also known as Doctors Without Borders -- in Kailahun , Sierra Leone , Tim Shenk , an agency spokesman , told CNN . Until falling ill , Khan had been overseeing Ebola treatment and isolation units at Kenema Government Hospital , about 185 miles east of the capital Freetown . Citing patient confidentiality , Shenk declined to provide additional details about Khan 's condition . The Ministry of Health took to Facebook to deny reports the doctor had died . The ministry "  wishes the general public and all partners working in the healthcare sector to know that . ... Khan is still alive and responding to treatment contrary to social media report of his demise , " according to a Facebook post . Sanjay Gupta : ` It only took moments ' Sierra Leone has had 427 confirmed cases of Ebola and 144 deaths , according to figures released Wednesday by the health ministry . That puts it , along with Guinea , at the center of an outbreak of the virus that has steadily spread through western Africa since it began earlier this year . More than 1,000 people have contracted Ebola in Sierra Leone , Guinea and Liberia , according to the World Health Organization . Ebola typically kills 90 % of those infected , but the death rate in this outbreak has dropped to roughly 60 % thanks to early treatment . What is Ebola , and why does it kill ? Officials believe that the Ebola outbreak has taken such a strong hold in West Africa due to the proximity of the jungle -- where the virus originated -- to Conakry , which has a population of 2 million . Since symptoms do n't immediately appear , the virus can easily spread as people travel around the region . Once the virus takes hold , many die in an average of 10 days as the blood fails to clot and hemorrhaging occurs . The disease is n't contagious until symptoms appear . Symptoms include fever , headache and fatigue . At that point , the Ebola virus is spread via bodily fluids . Get the fast facts on Ebola Health workers are at especially high risk , since they are in close contact with infected people and their bodily fluids . Adding to the danger , in the initial stages of infection doctors may mistake an Ebola infection for another , milder illness . Aside from his work on Ebola , Khan also serves as the lead physician of the hospital 's Lassa Fever Program , another fearsome tropical disease . The hospital 's official biography page states Khan took on that job when his predecessor died of Lassa Fever . I survived Ebola , but villagers shunned me	Dr. Sheik Humarr Khan is being treated in Kailahun , Sierra Leone The Ministry of Health took to Facebook to deny reports the doctor died Khan had been overseeing Ebola treatment and isolation units
Miami  CNN  -- Relaxing on his couch , Thomas Jones quickly scans the channel guide on the TV , his English bulldog resting at his feet , before landing on a football game . Weekends were much different for Jones a few years ago . "  My job on Sundays is to find a place inside of me , to be furious , to be angry , to be violent , " he said . "  I better be ready to go out there and knock somebody 's head off . " As a running back in the NFL , Jones did whatever it took to prove himself because he always knew his job was up for grabs . And his hard work paid off . Jones , now 34 , was a standout at the University of Virginia , and he went on to play 12 seasons in the NFL and earn a coveted spot in the league 's elite 10,000 Rushing Yards Club . Despite his love for the gridiron , the coal miner 's son knows there 's a dark side to the sport . "  In the NFL , yeah , we 're making a lot of money . But the reality is , you 're taking a chance on your life as well , " he said . "  People love to see someone get knocked out . But no one 's there when they have a concussion . " A tale of two former NFL players and their brains It 's something that weighs on Jones , who retired from the NFL in 2011 after playing 12 seasons for five different teams . Still nimble , Jones does n't experience chronic headaches or have memory trouble . He even considers himself less irritable nowadays than when he was playing . Although his daily life is n't riddled with pain resulting from repeated pummeling , he is concerned about the long-term effects of the sport on his brain . That concern grew after talking to doctors and players haunted by gnarly hits for a six-part documentary series , "  The NFL : The Gift Or The Curse , " which he is producing . NFL , Harvard planning $ 100 million player study He felt his worries were founded when he learned that star NFL linebacker Junior Seau -- who took his own life last May -- suffered from a neurodegenerative brain disease that can develop from concussions known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy or CTE . At that point , Jones said he decided to donate his own brain to the Sports Legacy Institute -- which studies the link between sports and brain trauma -- for research upon his death . Jones said he hopes that research will help bring more understanding of the brain disease so future football players are informed when they decide to take the field . "  CTE did n't just pop up . It 's been around , " he said . "  But unfortunately it took a couple of big-name guys to take their own lives to bring attention to it . " Seven months after Seau 's death , another NFL player 's life came to a violent end , stunning the sports world once again and raising concerns about the mental health of football players . On December 1 , Kansas City Chiefs linebacker Jovan Belcher fatally shot his girlfriend in the same home as their 3-month-old daughter before heading to team 's practice facility , thanking his coaches , and turning his gun on himself . Yet , in the wake of Belcher 's murder-suicide , the nationwide discussion turned away from mental health and toward guns . NBC sportscaster Bob Costas fueled the firestorm with his comments just one day after the incident . Referencing a piece written by Fox Sports ' Jason Whitlock , Costas said , " ` Handguns do not enhance our safety , they exacerbate our flaws , tempt us to escalate arguments and bait us into embracing confrontation rather than avoiding it . ' " ` If Jovan Belcher did n't possess a gun , he and Kasandra Perkins would both be alive today . ' " Weeks later , the gun debate would grow even louder after the Newtown , Connecticut , school massacre . Jones -- who played with Belcher and owns a handgun -- said there 's a much bigger picture to consider . "  I loved Jovan like a brother , but he did something terrible , horrible , and we ca n't take that back , " Jones said . "  But to segue into  saying there is  a gun culture in the NFL ... makes me sick to my stomach . " Jones started playing football at age 7 in Big Stone Gap , Virginia . The oldest of seven kids , he describes his childhood as a simple country life . He said his family was so big they had to make two trips to church on Sundays -- half the family at a time . And , sometimes the family went without basic necessities , including heat . Jones stepped into a different world as a professional athlete after graduating from the University of Virginia , he said , a world that has brought good fortune but one that also leaves him contemplating the future . Since retiring from the Chiefs last season , Jones turned his attention to letting people know that life after football also has risks . He 's hopeful that the NFL will create new ways to make the sport safer , but , he said , "  Football is football , it 's a gladiator sport . Unfortunately , that 's part of the game . " Jones said he is creating his documentary series to give viewers an insider look at NFL players ' lives without the helmet . In one scene , former NFL defensive end Adewale Ogunleye laments about his memory loss . "  I know my memory 's screwed up at times , I know I be forgetting things , " Ogunleye says . "  I kind of laugh it off now , but ... I hope these concussions do n't come back to haunt us in the end . " Through this documentary , Jones hopes he can shed light on the human side of professional football . "  Even though we can do superhuman things , it seems , on the football field , it does n't make us superhuman off the field , " he said . Seau had brain disease caused by hits to head Seau 's family sues NFL , helmet company Lamar Campbell : Why I 'm donating my brain Late player wanted brain sent to NFL research bank	Thomas Jones , a UVA standout , played 12 seasons in the NFL Jones has produced a documentary to show the real lives of NFL players His series also focuses on the risk of concussions Jones intends to donate his brain for more research on brain trauma
Venice , Louisiana  CNN  -- Seven oil spill recovery workers who were hospitalized in New Orleans after complaining of feeling ill were properly trained and had protective gear on , according to the the federal on-scene coordinator for the oil spill response effort in the Gulf of Mexico . "  The heat and humidity in Louisiana can be challenging , " Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry told reporters Thursday afternoon . She said the workers were treated for several symptoms , including headaches , nausea , vomiting and shortness of breath . Safety officials from the Coast Guard , BP and the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration had responded to the incident , Landry . "  Basically , these folks all had the proper personal protective equipment on , and they all received the required training , " she said . "  Fortunately , everyone is fine . " An investigation is under way "  to make sure what we can do to ensure that these workers are all working in safe conditions , " Landry said . "  We will continue to monitor this situation very carefully so that nobody is put in harm 's way as they respond to this spill , " she added . A BP spokesman , John Curry , said the company takes "  worker safety seriously . " The company also said it has provided spill recovery workers with protective equipment , such as suits , steel-toed boots , gloves , hard hats and safety glasses . In addition , BP said , workers are conducting about 250 air-quality tests a day . They also are testing workers for exposure to irritants and other substances that could be harmful , BP said . The company also noted that testing has shown that "  airborne contaminants are well within safe limits . " The seven workers were at West Jefferson Medical Center in suburban New Orleans , said spokeswoman Taslin Alfonzo said . Five were discharged Thursday afternoon , she said . Based on their symptoms , the workers appeared to have come into contact with some type of irritant , Alfonzo said . However , the hospital does n't have a toxicology department , so it could n't identify the irritant . About 10 workers complained of feeling ill on Wednesday , prompting officials to recall more than 100 boats from an area adjacent to the Mississippi River delta . Lisa Faust with the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals said she believes as many as five were treated at the scene . Six of the seven were brought to the Marrero , Louisiana , hospital Wednesday night by ambulance , and the seventh was flown in . No additional patients have been admitted , Alfonzo said . The Unified Command -- a coalition of agencies including the U.S. Coast Guard , the Department of the Interior and the National Parks Service -- said Wednesday it recalled 125 vessels from Breton Sound , which lies about 50 miles southeast of New Orleans . The vessels were involved in cleaning up oil that has been gushing into the Gulf of Mexico since April , when an oil rig sank about 40 miles south of Louisiana , opening up a leak that has been gushing crude oil into the water . U.S. Rep. Charlie Melancon , D-Louisiana , again called on the federal government to deploy temporary clinics to south Louisiana to screen workers and relatives possibly affected by the oil . "  As I first alerted the federal government over a week ago , our workers and residents in the oil-affected areas of south Louisiana are facing a looming health crisis , " Melancon said in a written statement . "  People are being exposed to hazardous oil fumes and potentially dangerous dispersants every day , and there is no health care infrastructure in place to treat them and monitor the situation . " Melancon said he will personally ask President Barack Obama to take action when Obama visits south Louisiana on Friday .	NEW : BP says it takes worker safety seriously NEW : BP says it conducts safety tests and provides safety gear 125 commercial vessels recalled from water near Louisiana Congressman urges government to set up mobile clinics
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Actor and political activist Ron Silver , who played a recurring role in TV 's presidential drama "  The West Wing , " and who also let his political views play out in real life , died Sunday after a two-year battle with esophageal cancer , according to a colleague . Ron Silver is seen in this 2006 photograph . He had a recurring role in TV 's "  The West Wing . " Robin L. Bronk , executive director of The Creative Coalition , said Silver , a New York native , died in his sleep with his family around him . "  Nothing could hold Ron back , not even a debilitating illness . His contributions as an artist and activist will never be forgotten , " said Bronk , who runs an organization founded in 1989 by Silver , actor Christopher Reeve and other prominent figures in the arts as a political advocacy organization for the entertainment industry . Silver 's politics moved from working for the Democratic Party and its candidates for most of his life to becoming a supporter of many Republican candidates and causes , with the shift occurring after the 9/11 terrorist attacks . He was quoted as saying the terrorist attacks and the Democratic Party 's policies regarding terrorism had persuaded him to become a political independent . He backed then-President George W. Bush for a second term in 2004 , and he spoke at the 2004 Republican National Convention in New York . One of Silver 's final television appearances was on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " last October , when he was part of panel discussing Sen. John McCain 's campaign against then-candidate Barack Obama . Asked by King about rifts within the Republican Party as the election neared and the country 's financial crisis worsened , Silver said , "  The Republican Party , if they are out of power for a while , needs to regroup and rethink who they are as a party . This deregulation , this whole Reagan Revolution , did not seem to work in this crisis . " Silver 's many roles included playing political consultant Bruno Gianelli in "  The West Wing , " and attorney Alan Dershowitz in the movie "  Reversal of Fortune . "	Silver 's many roles included playing consultant Bruno Gianelli in "  The West Wing " Silver was 62 and had been battling esophageal cancer for two years Silver was also known for his political activism , first for Democrats , then for GOP Colleague says Silver died in his sleep with his family around him
CNN  -- Australian maxi Wild Thing survived a collision with a spectator boat as the Rolex Sydney-Hobart yacht race got off to a spectacular start on Boxing Day . Wild Thing , skippered by 2003 line honors winner Grant Wharington , was keen to lead the annual classic leaving Sydney Harbor on Sunday . But a coming together with a small craft , which contained media representatives , put paid to that hope . Official race website Wild Thing was forced out early last year through mast problems , but fortunately there was no repeat , as Wharington reported only light damage . "  Luckily we did n't hook in , we just wiped the BBQ off the back corner of their boat , " he told the official race website . As the 628-nautical mile test entered its first night , four-time line honors winner Wild Oats XI was in the race lead , followed by Wild Thing and super-maxi Investec Loyal . Wild Oats , the current record-holder , is expected to be first over the finish line late Tuesday local time , while Britain 's Ran , owned by Skype founder Niklas Zennstrom , is among the favorites for victory on handicap . Strong winds are forecast as the 87-strong fleet battles the Tasman Sea and the notorious Bass Strait . The annual "  Bluewater Classic " was first held in 1945 and has become one of the highlights of the yachting calendar . But the changeable conditions can offer spell disaster and the 1998 edition saw five yachts sunk and six people died .	Eighty-seven-strong fleet contest annual Rolex Sydney-Hobart yachting classic Wild Oats XI early leader in 628-nautical mile race to Tasmania capital Line honors rival Wild Thing collides with spectator boat just after start in Sydney Harbor The 1998 race saw sixth deaths in brutal conditions in Bass Strait
CNN  -- At least 1,200 people have given up their jerseys bearing the name of New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez at the team 's official shop now that Hernandez has been charged with murder , the team says . About 300 of the shirts that have been turned in as part of a free exchange offer are youth sizes , the Patriots reported Sunday . Hernandez was arrested June 26 and charged with murder in the death of a friend , Odin Lloyd . Prosecutors say Hernandez had a falling-out with Lloyd at a nightclub and planned his execution-style killing in the following days . After prosecutors brought charges against Hernandez , the Patriots offered fans who had purchased Hernandez jerseys the chance to trade them in . Legal woes mount for former Patriots tight end "  We know that children love wearing their Patriots jerseys , but may not understand why parents do n't want them wearing their Hernandez jerseys anymore , " spokesman Stacey James said in announcing the offer last week . "  We hope this opportunity to exchange those jerseys at the Patriots ProShop for another player 's jersey will be well received by parents . " The exchange applied only to Hernandez jerseys purchased from the Patriots ' ProShop and PatriotsProShop.com . Jersey owners had to go to the ProShop in Foxborough , Massachusetts , during store hours to exchange . While the team did not release a figure of how much the exchange program is costing , a regular male jersey costs $ 99.95 , women 's jerseys cost $ 94.95 and youth jerseys cost $ 69.95 , on the ProShop website . Court records : Apartment search reveals new evidence It 's a different story on eBay , where Hernandez merchandise is fetching big bucks . Official Hernandez jerseys are selling for as much as $ 1,500 online as former fans try to cash in on the athlete 's fall from grace and others try to snatch a bizarre collectible . Authorities have said Hernandez and two other men picked up Lloyd from his Boston apartment on June 17 . Surveillance cameras captured their car at an industrial park near Hernandez 's home in North Attleborough , Massachusetts . Lloyd 's body was found in the industrial park later that day , authorities say . Hernandez , 23 , is being held without bail at the Dartmouth House of Corrections in a 7-by-10-foot jail cell . He is allowed outside of his cell for three hours a day , but has no access to television , the Internet or a weight room , Bristol County Sheriff Tom Hodgson said . He also wo n't be able to marry his fiancee while in jail .	The Patriots offered fans who bought Hernandez jerseys a chance to trade them in Hernandez was charged with murder in June in the killing of a friend While the Patriots offer trade-ins , Hernandez jerseys go for big money online
CNN  -- Chilean inspectors stumbled upon hundreds of exotic animals from Peru destined for illegal trade while conducting what they thought was going to be a routine inspection of a fishing boat , the government said Tuesday . A family of Scarlet macaws in Costa Rica in June 2008 at a zoo aimed at conserving the species . The Chilean boat , the Rosa Isabel , was carrying macaws , toucans , parrots , turtles , squirrels and crocodiles , most of them protected by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora , which prohibits the sale of these species , the government said in a statement . In all , officials counted more than 400 exotic animals from Peru , the statement said . The incident began before dawn , when inspectors from Chile 's Maritime Administration boarded the boat and found the live cargo stuffed inside dozens of cardboard boxes lined with chicken wire and with holes cut on the sides for ventilation . The animals were handed over to the Farm and Cattle Service of Arica , Chile 's northernmost city , for return to Peru , the minister of agriculture said Monday in a statement . The captain of the ship , Moises Segundo Diaz Verdugo , a Chilean national , faces a possible fine of between $ 188,000 and $ 940,000 , to be determined by an Agriculture and Livestock Service  SAG  court . Under an agreement between SAG and the National Institute of Natural Resources of the Republic of Peru , signed in 2007 , the animals will be returned to Peru , SAG said . The national director of SAG , Francisco Bahamonde , credited coordination among various state bodies with impeding the illegal entry of protected species and products that can transmit pests or illnesses and said they would "  redouble " their efforts . Chile busts trade in exotic animals from Peru	More than 400 exotic animals from Peru were found The animals include macaws , toucans , parrots , turtles , squirrels , crocodiles Most of the animals are protected under international pact on endangered species The wildlife will be returned to Peru
CNN  -- For the last 20 years , what name is always in the top 100 most popular baby names given to boys in the United States ? Jesus  pronounced hey-seus  . And among 4,500 boys names in England in 2009 , what was the No. 1 most popular baby name ? Mohammed . In Brussels ? Mohammed . Oslo ? Mohammed . Amsterdam ? Mohammed . And what do babies and their names have to do with the global economy ? Everything . The currency of the future is babies , because babies grow up to be taxpaying workers . Let 's do Demography 101 , which is basically the study of baby-making . Demographers have a fancy term called "  total fertility rate , " which measures the average number of babies a woman has over her childbearing years . The magic number you need to remember is 2.1 . This is the average number of babies a country needs to remain at equilibrium . It makes sense , too . When a mother and father die , they need to be replaced by two babies , or else the population declines . A rich powerful country needs lots of babies to project geopolitical power and increase its productivity . If you wo n't multiply , who will fight your wars ? Who will pay Social Security to support grandpa ? Who do you think will start the next Facebook , Amazon or Google ? The U.S. total fertility rate is at 2.09 , and at that level we just replace our population . That 's not good . But wait a minute , why do we keep growing ? Simple : immigration . Our favorable immigration policy and liberal treatment of the millions of people working without legal documents means our population will grow from 312 million today to 439 million in 2050 . Hispanic babies , 83 million of them , will account for 65 % of that growth. This is where the total fertility rate comes into play again , 2.84 for Hispanics , but only 1.84 and trending much lower for non-Hispanic whites who will only add 4 million babies to the melting pot . Keep in mind that those Hispanic babies born here to Mitt Romney 's "  self-deportation " candidates are all red-blooded American citizens -- our future Navy SEALs , entrepreneurs , middle-class working Americans and maybe even a president . Demography will shape the geopolitics of the two largest economies of the 21st century : the United States and the European Union . They will maintain their status as world powers principally through immigration . U.S. politicians voted Thursday to possibly saddle our grandkids with $ 16.4 trillion in debt , but European politicians trying to fix their debt quagmire do n't have grandkids to stick it to . Europe is dying as its nations run out of babies . Three-quarters of Europeans live in societies with fertility rates below 1.5 . In the 14th century , the bubonic plague wiped out 75 million people ; and in the 21st century , a larger number will be lost in Europe through demographic suicide . Europe 's demographic meltdown means it has to turn to immigrants for its workforce , and the vacuum is being filled by Muslims . From 1990 to 2010 , the Muslim population of Europe grew from 30 million to 44 million . It will reach 58 million by 2030 and 10 European countries will be more than 10 % Muslim . While a spirit of integration and tolerance is central to the beliefs of the vast majority of Muslims , a radical , well-funded Islamist minority rejects tolerance , democracy and women 's rights . This militant Islamist tumor has metastasized to intimidate , marginalize and silence moderate Muslims who share the values of a democratic culture . Without baby Mohammeds , Europe will die . To survive , its leaders need to work with moderate Muslims to neutralize fundamentalist views and challenge anti-immigration voices . If Europe is unable to reform its immigration policies , then the geopolitical ramification is obvious : a neutered NATO alliance unable to project military and economic power . The United States faces its own evolving relationship with immigrants , one that is defined by widely contrasting views as to how they should be integrated into society -- or not . Fears that immigrants will not assimilate are not new . We certainly have not lost our capacity to welcome and absorb newcomers , as America has since its birth . A recent survey by Public Agenda asked immigrants in America how long it took them to feel comfortable and part of the community . Seventy-seven percent said it took less than five years . Hispanics are every bit as American as anyone else -- they are white , brown and black . They are self-reliant with strong family values and highly religious . For 92 % of Hispanics , God is an active force in their daily lives : 66 % are Catholic , 25 % are Evangelical Christians and 1 % are Jewish or other denominations . Hispanics are also very patriotic . More than 25 % of the 58,195 names on the Vietnam War Memorial are Hispanic , and one of the first people to die in the Iraq War was Lance Cpl. Jose Gutierrez , who entered the United States illegally and was granted citizenship posthumously . While Hispanic immigrants are accused of driving down wages , economic studies have found the opposite to be true . Conducting research on the effects of immigration on wages over the span of a decade for the National Bureau of Economic Research , Gianmarco Ottaviano , of the University of Bologna , and Giovanni Peri , of the University of California , Davis , found that nearly 90 % of native born American workers actually enjoy higher wages because of immigration . They found that immigrants have a positive impact on the U.S. economy because they differ in their educational and skill levels from U.S. natives , and because more workers in the labor force increases productivity and stimulates the creation of businesses . The sustainable competitive advantage of America over any other country is that we do immigration best . No one can touch our capacity to integrate and assimilate people from all cultures . It keeps us young , strong and dynamic . The benefits of immigration are often taken for granted. Immigrants work hard . They form strong families . They live longer . They set up businesses . They spend money and pay taxes . They take care of children so parents can work . And the number of immigrants on welfare is far lower than anti-immigration advocates would have us believe . As the arrows fly about immigration reform , legislators and voters alike can either accept immigrants , of all faiths , as the incontrovertible engines for economic growth they are -- or we can fight the future and the facts and shoot ourselves in the foot instead . Some choose to believe that we are being overrun by lazy immigrants that strain our welfare system . Yet every American should know by now that immigrants are the lifeblood of our future strength and economic power . And for that , we should thank a baby named Jesus . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Garcia .	Charles Garcia : Western nations need to grow in population to maintain power Garcia says more and more Muslims are in Europe and will fuel growth Garcia : In U.S. , Hispanic and other immigrants are an economic growth engine Immigrants work hard , form strong families , pay taxes and are patriotic , he writes
Derry , New Hampshire  CNN  -- The war over women arrived in New Hampshire this week -- in the form of a press release . "  New Shaheen Campaign Ad Highlights Scott Brown 's Anti-Choice Record and Extreme Bill He Introduced , " reporters were informed Tuesday morning by email , just hours before Sen. Jeanne Shaheen was to host a women 's - themed campaign event in Derry . Shaheen 's ad is a brutal one -- particularly against someone who is a self-proclaimed "  pro-choice independent Republican . " In ominous tones , the ad reveals that when he was a state legislator in Massachusetts , the state Brown used to live in and later represented in the U.S. Senate , he backed a bill that would "  force women considering abortion to look at color photographs of developing fetuses . " Though Democrats in tough races nationwide have been running on women 's issues for the better part of a year , the message had not taken center stage in New Hampshire 's Senate race until this week . The shift foreshadows what could be a rough and tumble end to election season in this typically tranquil New England state . Brown is less vulnerable to the "  war on women " attack than other down-the-line conservative Republicans -- one reason the issue is only now surfacing in the race . Beyond his pro-choice stance , he has broken with his party by supporting the Violence Against Women Act and funding for Planned Parenthood . But Shaheen 's new offensive struck a nerve , forcing Brown to throw together a slapdash press conference to respond to her "  despicable attacks . " He was thrown off-message on a day when he was supposed to be talking about foreign policy and tying Shaheen to President Obama and his in-the-dumps poll numbers . The next morning , Brown went up with a defensive television ad stressing his support for abortion rights and accusing the senator of running a "  smear campaign . " Shaheen , a cunning , no-holds-barred campaigner despite her pleasant demeanor , is leaving nothing to chance as she clings to a steady single-digit lead in a treacherous political environment for Democrats . In the latest poll of the race this week , from WMUR and the University of New Hampshire , Shaheen led Brown by 6 points , but she was topping out at 47 % : the under-50 danger zone for any incumbent . But she has a healthy 15-point advantage among likely women voters , and is doing everything she can to keep it that way . "  You get the sense this race could turn at just a moment 's notice , " said James Pindell , the always-on political director at Manchester television station WMUR . Pindell was joining me for a slice of pepperoni at Romano 's Pizza in Derry for this week 's episode of "  Hambycast . " "  The race seems to be primed for that , " Pindell said . "  It gets all the attention in this state . This state has got four major races . We have two congressional races and a competitive governor 's race . But all people talk about is Shaheen and Brown , every single day . " At her lone campaign event Tuesday , inside a Derry-based food incubator called Creative Chef Kitchens , Shaheen rattled through a laundry list of female-focused issues she supports  $ " equal pay , access to contraception , abortion rights  $ " as a small crowd of women nodded in approval . The message was heavy-handed and impossible to miss , but Shaheen put an exclamation point on it just in case : "  Scott Brown , " she said , "  is being disingenuous when he says he is pro-choice . " Reporters surrounded her after her appearance . One asked her why she waited until October to thrust women 's issues into the campaign , using "  probably the most negative ad of the campaign . " Shaheen has highlighted the topic before , memorably in July , after Brown hid in a restaurant bathroom when a reporter asked him about the Supreme Court 's controversial decision in Burwell vs. Hobby Lobby that allowed corporations to deny birth control coverage in their insurance plans . But her campaign had not put money behind a television ad on women 's health before , particularly such a blistering one . "  I think this is something that we planned to talk about all along , " Shaheen responded . "  I think access to health care , access to reproductive choice is critical to women . I 've worked on it my entire career . This is an issue that is important to women and families . Ninety-nine percent of women use contraceptives at some point in their lives . " Then I asked Shaheen about Brown 's topic of choice : President Obama , whose disapproval ratings in New Hampshire approach 60 % . What is it about him , exactly , that Democrats are so wary of ? Shaheen would rather not talk about Obama , which is why Brown spent their first one-on-one debate on Monday reminding voters that the senator has voted with the president "  99 % of the time . " It 's one reason he has seized on the ascendancy of ISIS , the terrorist group roiling Syria and Iraq , and border security . National security is becoming a winning talking point , Republican operatives here argue , claiming it scores points among the very women Shaheen is trying to keep in her fold . "  There is a leadership void , " Brown said at an event Tuesday in Derry , where he was joined by Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , a foreign policy hawk and potential presidential candidate in 2016 . "  Our allies do n't trust us , and our foes do n't fear or respect us . " Like Republican candidates across the country , Brown wants the race to be about national issues . Shaheen does not , so she brings up another sore point for Brown : his decision to sell his home in Massachusetts last year and move to the Granite State to run for Senate . Brown is not exactly a carpetbagger -- he 's long owned property in New Hampshire and many thousands of people have moved here from somewhere else thanks to the low tax rates  $ " but it 's still a reliable campaign jab . "  This race is not about President Obama , " Shaheen said . "  This race is about Scott Brown and me . I know that Scott Brown would like to be running against the President , because he has not done anything in New Hampshire , he does n't have a history here , he just moved here . I have spent my entire professional life here in New Hampshire . "	Jeanne Shaheen releases a campaign ad hitting Scott Brown 's record on abortion Brown identifies as a "  pro-choice independent Republican " Shaheen leads Brown by 6 points in latest poll
CNN  -- Residents in Mayflower , Arkansas , have filed a class-action lawsuit against ExxonMobil after a pipeline rupture that allowed thousands of barrels of heavy crude oil to flow into a residential area . They are seeking more than $ 5 million in damages . "  This Arkansas class action lawsuit involves the worst crude oil and tar sands spill in Arkansas history , " read the lawsuit , which was filed Friday in U.S. District Court , Eastern District of Arkansas . Exxon Mobil promises to cover oil spill cleanup costs According to the lawsuit , more than 19,000 barrels were spilled . ExxonMobil has said that between 3,500 and 5,000 barrels of heavy crude leaked from the ruptured pipeline . It has promised to cover cleanup costs . Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel opened an investigation into what caused a 2 - or 3-inch gash in the underground Pegasus pipeline , which began spewing crude on March 29 . The pipeline carries Canadian crude from Illinois to Texas . Opinion : Maybe this oil spill will stick CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Residents file a class-action lawsuit , seeking more than $ 5 million in damages ExxonMobil has promised to cover oil spill cleanup costs A pipeline rupture allowed thousands of barrels of crude oil to flow into a residential area
CNN  -- An FBI agent was arrested in Pakistan this week after he attempted to board a domestic flight between Karachi and Islamabad with ammunition and knives , police said Wednesday . The man was arrested Monday with fifteen 9 mm bullets , three small knives and a wrench , according to police Superintendent Malir Rao Anwar . All of those items , along with his laptop computer and cell phone , have been taken to a forensics lab for analysis . The agent was visiting Pakistan as part of an assignment to train local police , a U.S. law enforcement official said . A State Department official said diplomats are working with Pakistani authorities to gain the release of the agent . He appeared in court Tuesday to face anti-terrorism charges , which restrict unauthorized weapons and ammunition on commercial flights , and he is scheduled to appear again Saturday . Employees for the FBI and other U.S. agencies are allowed to carry weapons in Pakistan when authorized . U.S. officials hope this incident is more easily resolved than the 2011 case of a CIA contractor who was arrested and charged with killing two men . Raymond Davis said that he believed they were trying to rob him . The case inflamed local anti-American sentiment and soured relations until the United States agreed to compensate the families of the two men . Davis was then freed . Rao Anwar said he expects the case to go to trail , calling it a matter of "  upholding Pakistan 's dignity and honor .  The agent  acted illegally , and his arrest is perfectly legal . " CNN 's Sophia Saifi contributed to this report .	The agent was stopped for carrying ammunition as he tried to board a domestic flight He was carrying fifteen 9 mm bullets , police said The agent is in Pakistan as part of effort to train local police A diplomatic effort is under way to gain the release of the agent , who appeared in court Tuesday
CNN  What a difference a year makes . American ski star Lindsey Vonn exorcised the ghosts of a grueling fight back from injury with victory on the slopes of Val d'Isere , Saturday . A year ago on the same snow , the 30-year-old aggravated a right knee injury , which ended her season and quashed her hopes of defending her downhill crown at the 2014 Winter Olympics . But Vonn -- who credits her golf star boyfriend Tiger Woods with inspiring her comeback -- underlined her return to form at the famous French ski resort with a dominant downhill World Cup win on the OK piste . "  I already knew I could win here today , " Vonn told reporters . "  It was for other people to understand that I 'm back to where I used to be . "  It 's a celebration for myself and for the team around me . After two tough years , I 've waited a long time for this and I 'm very happy . "  It feels amazing . I was a bit nervous as I made some mistakes in training . I skied aggressively today . " The victory in Val d'Isere was the 61st World Cup win of Vonn 's career , which means she is just one win away from equaling the all-time record held by Annemarie Moser-Proell . Vonn , who had not won on the French piste in the last four years , has a chance to match the Austrian 's feat in Sunday 's super-G . She added : "  61 is a difficult number and I 'm looking forward to another chance tomorrow . "  I 'm very much looking forward to the rest of the season and having more opportunities to feel more comfortable with the speed and keep pushing myself . " Vonn leads the downhill World Cup standings on 232 points ahead of joint Olympic downhill champion Tina Maze , who finished seventh . The American posted a photo on Instagram posing with her prize for her Val d'Isere victory -- a baby cow . "  This is the best prize for winning a race EVER !! I have a new addition to my growing herd ... meet "  Winnie " my one month old baby calf , " she said . Vonn is continuing her steady comeback from an anterior cruciate ligament injury which threatened to end her career in 2013 . She crashed heavily at the 2013 world championships and has since had reconstructive surgery on her right knee .	Victorious ski star Lindsey Vonn says : "  I 'm back to where I used to be . " The American clocks a dominant win at the World Cup downhill in Val d'Isere Vonn injured her knee in the same event 12 months ago which end her Olympic defense A 61st World Cup win for Vonn means she is now one win away from equaling all-time record
Americans ' pessimism about the nation 's economic conditions , and skepticism that government can help solve that problem , delivered Democrats their midterm beating this cycle , a team of bipartisan pollsters found in a midterm postmortem survey . Democratic pollster Celinda Lake and Republican pollster Ed Goeas said those were the main takeaways from their final George Washington University Battleground Poll of the cycle , conducted Dec. 7-11 among 1,000 registered voters nationwide . And they said the survey has grave implications for the Democratic Party if they ca n't craft a cohesive , convincing message on the economy . "  Tell me who is ahead on the economy in 2016 and I 'll tell you who is going to be president , " Lake said at a Christian Science Monitor event on Thursday . She noted that "  voters ' economic anxiety is deep-seated , and shows no signs of abating . " The poll found that a vast majority of Americans , 77 percent , said they 're at least somewhat worried about the nation 's current economic conditions . And voters in the middle class are the most pessimistic about the economy , the pollsters found . That points to why , Lake and Goeas said , Democrats had so much trouble this cycle and ultimately lost control of the Senate to Republicans and gave the GOP their biggest majority in the House since the 1920s . Democrats aimed their midterm message at middle class voters , highlighting policies like a minimum wage hike and fair pay legislation that they said polled well with the middle class . But that strategy was too "  piecemeal , " Lake wrote in her analysis of the poll , and "  struck voters as falling well short of the level of change necessary to set our country and our economy back on track . " And Democrats had trouble selling the public government solutions for their problems because , the poll found , American voters are still split on whether government can solve them to begin with . "  Voters want government to intervene , but they fear what the government will do if it wades into the important task of ensuring the economic stability of voters , " Goeas said . A slight majority , 52 percent , said the government should do more to solve problems and help meet the needs of people , while 48 percent said it should get out of the way and let the free market help people get ahead . Many in the party have diagnosed that very issue as one of the main reasons the party fared so poorly in the midterms .	A George Washington University Battleground Poll found Americans split on the role of government Bipartisan pollsters found Democrats did n't make a convincing argument for government Whoever wins on the economy will win the White House in 2016 , Democratic pollster Celinda Lake said
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama once again finds himself in the middle of a high-stakes , tension-fraught meeting with a key leader from the Middle East . Must be Monday . Just days after a historic phone call with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , the U.S. president met with his Israeli counterpart , Benjamin Netanyahu , at the White House late Monday morning . The relationship between Obama and Netanyahu has been one of the more strained in the history of the two nations . Obama has come under criticism from some Israelis for what they perceive as a lack of enthusiasm toward pro-Israeli policies and interests . In March , Obama made his first visit to Israel as president , a charm offensive to reassure Israelis that the United States is committed to its security . On Monday , Obama said he has a "  good working relationship " with Netanyahu , and he did n't mince words when talking about U.S. support of Israel . "  Our unshakeable bond with the Israel people is stronger than ever , " he said . "  Our commitment to Israel 's security is stronger than ever . " But beyond the handshakes and smiles the two leaders shared while talking to reporters about their meeting , this week will be a test of how they can work together . Poll : Most in U.S. favor negotiations with Iran over nukes Both leaders said the new diplomatic overtures between the United States and Iran were a key topic for them on Monday . As he boarded his flight to the United States for his meeting with Obama and his appearance at the U.N. General Assembly , Netanyahu threw cold water on the developments . "  I will tell the truth in the face of the sweet talk and the onslaught of smiles , " he said . "  One must talk facts , and one must tell the truth . " After his meeting with Obama , Netanyahu seemed to strike a more accepting tone while stressing that preventing Iran from developing nuclear weapons is "  the most important challenge " that both nations face . "  I appreciate deeply the fact that you have made clear that you remain committed to this goal . I also appreciate the statement you made that Iran 's conciliatory words have to be met by real actions -- transparent , verifiable , meaningful actions , " he said . "  Iran is committed to Israel 's destruction , so for Israel , the ultimate test of a future agreement with Iran is whether or not Iran dismantles its military nuclear program . ... That 's the bottom line . " Netanyahu said sanctions against Iran should continue and even strengthen if Iran continues to advance its nuclear program during negotiations . "  If diplomacy is to work , those pressures should be kept in place . And I think they should not be lessened until there 's verifiable success , " he said . Obama said that if Iran wants sanctions relief , it will have to meet "  the highest standards of verifications . " "  It is absolutely clear that words are not sufficient , " Obama said . "  We have to have actions that give the international community confidence that , in fact , they are meeting their international obligations fully and that they are not in a position to have a nuclear weapon . " In the latest indication of Tehran 's new approach to relations with Washington , Iran 's Fars News Agency reported that Rouhani wants to establish direct flights between Iran and the United States . The news agency cited the head of the High Council of Iranian Affairs Abroad , Akbar Torkan , as saying that Rouhani had instructed him to look into how to establish direct flights between the two countries . Over the weekend , Israel said it arrested an Iranian-born man and accused him of spying for Tehran . According to the Israeli government , the alleged spy was carrying photos of various sites , including the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv . Obama focuses foreign policy on Iran and Middle East peace talks CNN 's Leslie Bentz reported from Washington . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama and Netanyahu meet at the White House NEW : Diplomatic overtures between the U.S. and Iran are a key topic NEW : Both leaders say Iran 's words must be backed up by actions The relationship between Obama and Netanyahu has been strained
Mashable  -- In one of his most candid interviews ever , Microsoft founder Bill Gates  the world 's second-richest man  revealed personal details never heard before , along with a little tidbit that he was probably supposed to keep secret . We encourage you to read about his fascinating interview with the Daily Mail -- it 's a rare look into the psyche of one of the most interesting people in the world -- but if you 'd like a condensed version , here are 10 key personal details and insights Gates revealed in the wide-ranging talk : 1 . His kids like to tease him by singing the song "  Billionaire " by Travie McCoy and Bruno Mars . 2 . He 's now given $ 28 billion to charity . 3 . His three children , currently aged 15 , 12 and nine , will reportedly inherit $ 10 million each  although Gates would n't disclose that amount in the interview  , a slender sliver of his $ 56 billion net worth , because Gates says , "  I do n't think that amount of money would be good for them . " 4 . Did U2 star Bono invite Gates backstage when U2 was performing in Seattle ? Not necessary , because Bono was staying at Bill 's house that night . 5 . Now dedicating his career to his $ 37.1 billion charitable foundation , Gates says when asked if he 'll return to Microsoft full-time : "  No . I 'm part-time involved . But this is my job now . " 6 . Why try to cure malaria instead of cancer ? Says Gates , "  The world is putting massive amounts into cancer , so my wealth would have had a meaningless impact on that . " 7 . He haggles for good prices on vaccines : "  We are super-smart about what we pay . We get price reductions . We can track how many kids get the vaccines . " 8 . People in Third World countries have no idea who he is . "  They do n't know who I am , because it does n't relate to their world . I went to one place with the chief minister and someone said , ` Who is this guy ? ' , and the chief minister said , ` This is a white-skinned guy I brought with me . ' " 9 . He has a Twitter account , but had a problem with Facebook : " ... Because the friend requests got out of hand . " 10 . And the secret : Gates inadvertently revealed that his friend , Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , is engaged to longtime girlfriend Priscilla Chan . During the interview , Gates was talking about Zuckerberg and referred to Chan as Mark 's "  fiance Priscilla . " Oops . It could be that Bill was wrongly assuming the couple was engaged . According to Business Insider : "  Facebook 's head of communications Elliot Schrage suggested that Bill Gates was mistaken . ` If -LSB- Mark is engaged , Bill Gates -RSB- knows something I do n't know . Gates 's communications guy just wrote to apologize for the misunderstanding . ' " See the original article on Mashable.com  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	His kids like to tease him by singing the song "  Billionaire " People in Third World countries have no idea who he is He has a Twitter account , but had a problem with Facebook
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- If you 're a comedy fan , you 've probably heard of him by now . Comedian Brian Regan , 50 , is famous for his clean jokes about everyday life . He is on tour . Famous for his clean jokes about everyday life , comedian Brian Regan is at the peak of his career , gaining new followers with every performance . On a recent Saturday night , he dazzled a sold-out audience of more than 2,000 people near Atlanta as part of his 2009 comedy tour . The easygoing 50-year-old comedian with a boyish smile and energetic presence pranced back and forth across the stage Saturday telling jokes that brought laughter to issues both serious and silly -- from the stressful economy to the quirks of text messaging . Regan , a Miami , Florida , native , has been performing stand-up comedy since 1980 by starting at small venues and comedy clubs . His breakthrough came in the late 1990s after the release of his album "  Brian Regan Live , " which sold 150,000 copies despite the comedian 's relative obscurity at the time . The album featured simple routines that made fun of childhood memories such as Little League baseball games and seat belts . His witty , clean style of humor on the album , which resonated with a wide audience from college kids to grandmothers , catapulted him to success . Since then , he has gone on to release three DVDs . Punchline Magazine , a comedy publication , named Regan 's most recent DVD , "  The Epitome of Hyperbole , " one of the top five comedy DVDs of 2008 . Nowadays , he routinely appears on television , including specials on Comedy Central and slots on the "  Late Show With David Letterman . " His tour this year will visit more than 80 cities , nearly twice as many as four years ago . CNN.com sat down with Regan to learn more about his brand of comedy and what 's in store for the future . CNN : How did you become interested in comedy and stand-up ? Brian Regan : This is n't the main reason , but when I was in college -LSB- Heidelberg College in Ohio -RSB- , my name was Rip for Rip van Winkle . I had a 7 a.m. class , and I missed it almost every day . I would wake up and run across campus . I remember thinking , "  What 's going to happen if I do n't wake up for things ? " And then a comedian performed at our college , and I went to the show , and I noticed the show started at 8 p.m. and I was like , well , the hours are good . I can handle a job that starts at 8 p.m. CNN : Who are some of your influences ? Regan : I love Steve Martin . He took silliness to a level of brilliance , I think . CNN : How do you get your ideas ? Regan : I used to try and sit down with a blank piece of paper . I would stare at the paper , and it just continues to stay blank . I 've learned that for me , it 's easier for me to go out and live my life and do my thing . CNN : You do n't really use the crass language many comedians rely on . Is there a reason for that ? Regan : I do n't really know those words -LSB- laughing -RSB- . I used to have a few jokes here and there with a four-letter word in it . I was always 90 to 95 percent clean with my jokes anyways , and I 'm kind of anal so , why be 95 percent something when you could be 100 percent something ? It worked out , and people really seem to respond to it so I guess that other 5 percent was n't that important anyways . CNN : Do you try to incorporate the economy into your jokes ? Regan : I do a few jokes about the economy but from an everyday person perspective . People like to laugh , and they especially like to laugh during difficult circumstances . One of the best shows in New York I had was the week after 9/11 . I was surprised this comedy club was even going to have a show . They said people were looking for a diversion . I went up and said I 'm not trying to make light of what happened , I 'm just trying to forget about it for an hour . I find it 's similar to what is happening with the economy . Obviously , it 's not as serious as 9/11 , but people are looking for an escape . I think people want to laugh . CNN : How can comedy help people through tough times ? Regan : I think comedy is a good way to deal with anything . I hear about people in the hospital who are ill , and they use humor to help them through it . I think it 's a great remedy for many things . They say a formula for comedy is comedy equals tragedy plus time . A difficult or uncomfortable situation takes place , and then you laugh about it later down the road . Sometimes I wonder if I could be so mentally healthy to subtract the time part . Like what if there is a flat tire , and it 's raining outside ? Instead of laughing a month later , why not laugh while you are changing tires in the rain ? CNN : Your fan base has really grown in the last five years . How does the fame feel ? Regan : It 's been a slow gradual thing for me . I 've never had a single event or television show that did it . I just pick up a couple more fans and a few more fans , and before you know it , it 's like hey man , things are going OK . CNN : What 's in store for the future ? Regan : This is what I like doing , and I will hopefully do it forever . If something else comes along , I 'd be open to that . CNN : What about a television show ? Regan : I 'm not really interested in being an actor . But I would like to get on a television show that would capture my comedy and in that role do a little acting . I 'd like to do something that has to do with my comedy .	Brian Regan has become a top-ranked comedian by keeping material clean Regan 's humor is observational , focuses on everyday life One inspiration for comedy career was being able to sleep in , Regan says "  Comedy is a good way to deal with anything , " Regan says
Mashable  -- Internet Explorer can no longer claim more than half of the web 's traffic , as of October , ending more than a decade of the default Microsoft browser 's reign . Safari 's hold on 62.17 % of mobile traffic has reduced IE 's overall share of web browsing , despite still claiming 52.63 % of desktop traffic , according to Netmarketshare.com . The Microsoft browser 's diminishing share  49.6 %  reflects its near absence from the realms of mobile and tablet , which now make up 6 % of web traffic . However , chances are , you gave up on IE long enough ago that this milestone makes you more curious as to who actually still uses the browser . As of October , Firefox is the second most popular web browser , accounting for 21.20 % of traffic , followed by Google Chrome and Safari , which account for 16.60 % and 8.72 % respectively . Chrome , which recently celebrated its third birthday , experienced the most expansion in October , increasing its share of the desktop market 1.42 % . Safari , the default browser in Apple 's iPhone and iPad , continues to increase its dominance over the mobile web , gaining 6.58 % of the market . Safari 's share is increasing faster than the iPhone 's , probably due to how much mobile traffic is now driven by iPads . As IE loses its edge on the competition , we 're curious to know which browser our readers prefer . Tell us in the comments below . See the original article on Mashable.com  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Safari 's hold on 62.17 % of mobile traffic has reduced IE 's overall share Microsoft browser 's diminishing share  49.6 %  reflects mobile absence As of October , Firefox is the second most popular web browser
CNN  -- You 've never heard of XKeyscore , but it definitely knows you . The National Security Agency 's top-secret program essentially makes available everything you 've ever done on the Internet -- browsing history , searches , content of your emails , online chats , even your metadata -- all at the tap of the keyboard . The Guardian exposed the program on Wednesday in a follow-up piece to its groundbreaking report on the NSA 's surveillance practices . Shortly after publication , Edward Snowden , a 29-year-old former Booz Allen Hamilton employee who worked for the NSA for four years , came forward as the source . This latest revelation comes from XKeyscore training materials , which Snowden also provided to The Guardian . The NSA sums up the program best : XKeyscore is its "  widest reaching " system for developing intelligence from the Internet . The program gives analysts the ability to search through the entire database of your information without any prior authorization -- no warrant , no court clearance , no signature on a dotted line . An analyst must simply complete a simple onscreen form , and seconds later , your online history is no longer private . The agency claims that XKeyscore covers "  nearly everything a typical user does on the Internet . " As The Guardian points out , this program crystallizes one of Snowden 's most infamous admissions from his video interview on June 10 : "  I , sitting at my desk , " said Snowden , could "  wiretap anyone , from you or your accountant , to a federal judge or even the president , if I had a personal email . " While United States officials denied this claim , the XKeyscore program , as the public understands it , proves Snowden 's point . The law requires the NSA to obtain FISA warrants on U.S. citizens , but this is pushed aside for Americans with foreign targets -- and this program gives the NSA the technology to do so . The training materials claim XKeyscore assisted in capturing 300 terrorists by 2008 . The Guardian article breaks down how the program works with each activity , from email monitoring to chats and browsing history , and includes screenshots from the training materials . The Guardian reached out to the NSA for comment prior to publication . The agency defended the program , stressing that it was only used to legally obtain information about "  legitimate foreign intelligence targets in response to requirements that our leaders need for information necessary to protect our nation and its interests . " "  XKeyscore is used as a part of NSA 's lawful foreign signals intelligence collection system , " the agency said in its response . "  Allegations of widespread , unchecked analyst access to NSA collection data are simply not true . Access to XKeyscore , as well as all of NSA 's analytic tools , is limited to only those personnel who require access for their assigned tasks ... . "  In addition , there are multiple technical , manual and supervisory checks and balances within the system to prevent deliberate misuse from occurring . Every search by an NSA analyst is fully auditable , to ensure that they are proper and within the law . These types of programs allow us to collect the information that enables us to perform our missions successfully -- to defend the nation and to protect U.S. and allied troops abroad . " XKeyscore is the second black mark on the NSA 's record in the past few weeks . The Guardian 's first story uncovered PRISM , a highly controversial surveillance program that reportedly allows the security agency to access the servers of major Internet organizations including Facebook , Google , Apple , Microsoft , Yahoo , YouTube and Skype , among others . Snowden 's information led to a public outcry for transparency , and the U.S. government pushed to declassify more information about PRISM in an effort to paint a clearer picture about the program . Snowden has been charged with espionage . He is currently holed up in the transit area of Moscow 's Sheremetyevo Airport while his request for asylum is under review by Russian immigration authorities , according to Snowden 's lawyer . This article originally appeared on Mashable .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	New leak says NSA program essentially makes all you do online trackable Edward Snowden provided training materials for Xkeyscrore program Program allegedly lets agents hunt database with no prior authorization NSA says there are checks and it 's only used lawfully for foreign intel targets
COPENHAGEN , Denmark  CNN  -- Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , will host the 2016 Summer Olympic Games , the International Olympic Committee announced Friday . Confetti flies in Rio de Janeiro after the IOC announces the city will host the 2016 games . The announcement brought tears to Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , who dabbed his eyes with a handkerchief several times in a news conference afterward . "  Our hour has arrived , " he said . "  It has arrived . " In Rio , jubilation erupted at the world-famous Copacabana beach , where thousands of people gathered to hear the announcement . Rio organizers promised to start working immediately to make the games a success . "  Maybe some of the people tomorrow can rest , " said Rio 2016 President Carlos Nuzman . "  I 'm not -LSB- resting -RSB- . " Rio beat Madrid , Spain , in the final round . Chicago , Illinois , and Tokyo , Japan , were eliminated in earlier rounds . For Rio , a major appeal was bringing the Olympics to South America for the first time . IOC President Jacques Rogge said in the news conference afterward that in addition to its excellent bid , Rio had the "  extra added value of going for the first time to a continent that 's never had the games . " He also noted that Brazil helped its chances this year when it did not get the 2012 games awarded four years ago . "  Rio remained humble , " he said . "  They wanted to listen , to repair their shortcomings . " More than half of Rio 's Olympic venues are built , including state-of-the-art facilities constructed for the 2007 Pan and Parapan American Games : the magnificent Joao Havelange Stadium  the proposed 2016 venue for athletics  , the Maria Lenk Aquatic Center , the Rio Olympic Arena  which will host gymnastics and wheelchair basketball  , the Rio Olympic Velodrome , the National Equestrian Center and its close neighbor , the National Shooting Center . Rio will hold the games from August 5-21 and its theme will be "  Live your passion . " Watch Brazil delegation celebrate as Rio is announced winner " According to Rio 's bid , the games will be held in four zones with varying socioeconomic characteristics :  Barra , the heart of the games , is an expanding area of Rio that will require "  considerable infrastructure and accommodation development . " It will house the Olympic and media villages and some venues .  Copacabana , a world-famous beach and major tourist attraction , will host outdoor sports in temporary venues .  Maracana , the most densely populated of the zones , will contain an athletic stadium and the Maracana Stadium , which will host the opening and closing ceremonies . Major redevelopment is planned for the zone .  Deodoro has little infrastructure , but the highest proportion of young people . It will require construction of Olympic venues . The city 's bid was helped by a strong economy and guaranteed funding . Brazil 's economy is the 10th largest in the world and predicted to be fifth by 2016 . Brazil told the IOC its commitment to the Olympics could be seen in the investment already under way in Rio . Maracana Stadium will close next year for two years of refurbishment . The areas around it will be renovated , with improved access and transportation links . The entire neighborhood will be reborn , the Rio committee said , to host the final of the 2014 FIFA World Cup . Work is already under way on the ongoing development of the Olympic Training Center , which includes many of the state-of-the-art venues built for the 2007 Pan and Parapan American Games . This was Madrid 's third attempt at hosting the Olympic and Paralympic Summer Games . Madrid presented a "  very capable " bid , with good transportation infrastructure and a number of venues already in place , said Ed Hula , editor of the Olympics Web site Around the Rings . Watch Madrid celebrate making it to final round " Madrid 's chances might have been hampered , however , by a recent tradition that consecutive Summer Olympics are n't staged on the same continent . The London , England , 2012 Olympics will have happened just four years before 2016 . "  Although there 's no rule against it , the IOC has yet to award consecutive summer games to the same continent since 1952 in Helsinki , " Hula said . Chicago was the first city to be eliminated . The announcement -- unexpected by many -- came just hours after President Obama and his wife , Michelle , delivered personal pleas to the Olympic committee praising the virtues of their home city . Watch Obama makes his pitch to IOC " "  You can play a great game and still not win , " Obama said after returning to the White House . "  Although I wish we had come back with better news ... I could not be prouder of my hometown . " Obama said he believed Chicago had made "  the strongest bid possible . " "  I 'm totally stunned . I thought we had a great opportunity , " said former NBA great Michael Jordan . Jordan , who led the Chicago Bulls to six NBA titles , said the city would have been "  perfect for the world to explore . " He said Chicago is "  deserving of an event of that magnitude " and hopes it will try again . U.S. Rep. Danny Davis , a Chicago Democrat , said the loss is "  kind of heartbreaking . ... A tremendous amount of effort has been put into trying to win the bid . " The response around the city was not all negative , however . Many residents are "  almost glad the distraction of the Olympics " wo n't be there , noted CNN 's Ali Velshi , who was in downtown Chicago when the news was announced . Many residents feel it will allow local political and business leaders to "  focus attention back on what Chicago needs to do , " Velshi said . Obama , the first U.S. president to make an Olympic bid in person , was flying back to Washington when the announcement was made . He was disappointed with the outcome but not sorry he made the trip to Copenhagen , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said . The heads of state for the other three finalists also made personal pitches . Spain 's King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia and Spanish President Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero pushed the case for Madrid . Recently elected Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama made a bid for Tokyo . Brazilian President Lula da Silva was joined by soccer legend and Brazilian native Pel as they advertised the benefits of a Rio games . An animated Lula da Silva , surrounded by Rio supporters , said at a news conference after the announcement , "  Among the 10 major economies of the world , Brazil was the only country that had not received the Olympic and Paralympic Games . For us , it will hardly be our last Olympics . For us , it will be an opportunity to be equal . It will increase self-esteem for Brazilians , will consolidate recent conquests and stimulate new advances . "	International Olympic Committee names Rio de Janeiro as host of 2016 games The final vote was between Rio and Madrid , Spain Chicago and Tokyo were eliminated from contention in earlier voting A city must receive a majority of votes in order to win
Washington  CNN  -- Two U.S. citizens from Seattle and Los Angeles -- described as "  would-be terrorists " by the FBI -- have been arrested and charged with plotting to kill Americans enlisting in the armed forces in Seattle , federal officials announced Thursday . The men were identified as Abu Khalid Abdul-Latif ,  also known as Joseph Anthony Davis  , 33 , of Seattle ; and Walli Mujahidh ,  also known as Frederick Domingue Jr.  32 , of Los Angeles . "  Driven by a violent extreme ideology , these two young Americans are charged with plotting to murder men and women who were enlisting in the armed forces to serve and protect our country , " said a top counter-terrorism official at the Justice Department . Acting Assistant Attorney General Todd Hinnen said the threat was averted and the public was not endangered because of the intervention of the Joint Terrorism Task Force . When the suspects attempted to recruit a third man , that individual instead went to the police , authorities said . "  Because someone stepped forward we were able to disrupt a very deadly attack , " said U.S. Attorney Jenny Durkan . Agents began monitoring Abdul-Latif and Mujahidh in the past month and collected audio and videotapes of the pair discussing a violent assault on the Military Entrance Processing Station in Seattle . Law enforcement officials said that unbeknownst to the defendants , the weapons they obtained , including machine guns , were rendered inoperable and posed no risk to the public . The two suspects initially planned their attack on Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state , but later changed targets and decided to assault the recruiting station . According to a source working with federal agents , Abdul-Latif said the original plan to attack Fort Lewis "  would be in retaliation for alleged crimes committed by United States soldiers in Afghanistan , " a court document said . The subjects allegedly were interested in carrying out a deadly attack to gain maximum attention , according to the criminal complaint against them . "  We 're not only trying to kill people , we 're trying to send a message . We 're trying to get something that 's going to be on CNN and over the world . That 's what we want , " said Abdul-Latif , according to the court document . Mujahidh was quoted in the document as saying , "  Ai n't gon na be no innocent women and children . That 's why I 'm saying we go in there and lay everybody down , man . Everybody in that building is connected with the military , " he said . The two suspects appeared in federal court in Seattle late Thursday , where they heard the changes against them . They were not asked to enter a plea . The two men were ordered held without bail pending a preliminary hearing scheduled for July 7 . Both defendants said they could not afford attorneys , so the court provided them with public defenders . The plot allegedly involved a conspiracy to use grenades and firearms which they would use to kill the victims and then use to fight police as they made their escape . The men are scheduled to appear before a federal magistrate in Seattle later Thursday to hear the charges against them . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	Two accused of plotting against military recruits Two are being held in Seattle Another individual reportedly turned them in
CNN  -- Danish police made around 250 arrests in Copenhagen Wednesday morning as an organized demonstration against the U.N. climate talks converged on the Bella Center ahead of crucial negotiations at the COP15 summit . Kristina Larsen , a spokeswoman for Climate Justice Action  CJA  -- the group organizing the protest -- told CNN that police have used pepper spray and dogs to contain the protests . Around 3,000 activists convened at two railway stations in the Danish capital early on Wednesday and began their march towards the Bella Center -- the scene of the climate talks . CJA is calling for activists to "  take over the conference for one day and transform it into a ` People 's Assembly ' . " At the same time protesters were marching towards the U.N. summit , a number of delegates were planning to walk out of the Bella Center . Larsen told CNN : "  Around 300 people have marched out of the Bella Center shouting ` reclaim power ' . " But the planned "  People 's Assembly " which was due to take place outside the building has , so far , been disrupted by the police . Reporting from inside the Bella Center CNN 's Phil Black said that several hundred activists were near the perimeter of the conference center . "  There have been some clashes and scuffles , and the police have fired some tear gas , but the protests have been reasonably low-level . " Black said . CJA say they are holding a "  People 's Assembly " to counter the "  false solutions and elitism of the U.N. climate talks . " A spokesman for the Copenhagen police told CNN that the majority of arrests have taken place outside the Bella Center but there have been no serious injuries . "  The protesters detained have been taken to a temporary holding facility and most are expected to be released in the next two hours , " the Police spokesman said . On Sunday , police said they had detained 968 people , accusing protesters of donning facemasks , throwing fireworks and stones , breaking windows and setting vehicles alight . A further 212 people were arrested overnight on Monday . CJA says that protesters are engaged in "  peaceful , nonviolent protest " and accused the police of being "  out of control . " "  We 've had a lot of police repression in the last couple of days , " Larsen told CNN . She also claimed that the environmental group Friends of the Earth had been denied access to the Bella Center on Wednesday morning . While the protests were going on outside , inside it was being announced that Danish minister Connie Hedegaard had resigned as president of the U.N. climate change summit . "  The resignation is essentially procedural , " CNN 's Phil Black said , "  and she 'll be replaced by the Danish prime minister . It 's a reflection of the fact that the talks are now at the high-level phase , and it was deemed appropriate that the PM should now take over . " World leaders have started arriving in Copenhagen for the final days of "  high-level " negotiations . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown was among the first to arrive , holding talks Tuesday with Australian and Bangladeshi counterparts Kevin Rudd and Sheikh Hasina . U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to arrive Friday . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told nations Tuesday that they had the chance to "  change the course of our history " if they worked together to limit carbon emissions that are blamed for increasing global temperatures . "  We have a chance -- a real chance , here and now -- to change the course of our history , " he said , noting that countries had to work quickly , because nature does n't negotiate . He urged both industrialized and developing countries to do more during this week 's Copenhagen summit toward reaching an agreement on limiting the emissions , saying they "  can and they must do more . " "  This is a time to stop pointing fingers , " Ban added . "  This is a time to start looking in the mirror and offering what they can do more of . " Are you in Copenhagen ? Share your images U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton wrote Tuesday that the United States is ready to do their part to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions but that other countries , especially poorer ones , must play their parts as well . Clinton 's assertion came as a major international summit headed into the home stretch . "  Nearly all of the growth in emissions in the next 20 years will come from the developing world , " Clinton wrote in an opinion piece for the International Herald Tribune . "  Without their participation and commitment , a solution is impossible . " The divide between rich and poor countries is one of the key fissures at the conference . Developing countries object to restrictions that they fear would keep them from following the same path to prosperity taken by the United States and other industrialized nations . The man running the conference warned Tuesday that "  nowhere near enough progress " had been made toward an agreement . "  There is still an enormous amount of work and ground to be covered if this conference is to deliver what people around the world expect it to deliver , " Yvo de Boer , executive secretary of the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change , said at a news conference .	Protesters to hold day of action at climate change summit in Copenhagen U.N. chief : "  We have a chance , a real chance , here and now " Clinton urges poor nations to help as Copenhagen climate summit heads into home stretch World leaders begin arriving for "  high-level " negotiations in final days of summit
Washington  CNN  -- Watching President Obama react to what he called his "  shellacking " in the midterm elections had me remembering then-President Bill Clinton back on November 9 , 1994 -- the day after he and his fellow Democrats lost control of the House and the Senate . I was then CNN 's Senior White House correspondent and I vividly remember attending Clinton 's news conference . Like Obama this week , he was humble in defeat . None of us knew what to expect from Clinton on that day 16 years ago , but he came out and was direct -- he said that he took responsibility for the political disaster . On Wednesday , Obama was clearly somber and sad . But like Clinton in 1994 he answered questions for nearly an hour . What a difference it was for both presidents from their election days . Clinton was in Little Rock in November 1992 when he was elected : Obama was in Chicago on November 4 , 2008 , when he was elected -- exactly two years ago today . How quickly their political fortunes changed . A fundamental lesson in American politics is that things can -- and often do -- change rather dramatically and very quickly . And that means that things can dramatically change over the next two years as well . So the issue for Obama is what he does next . Does he follow Clinton 's playbook and move toward the center -- what was called "  triangulation " ? Will Obama separate himself from the liberal base of the Democratic Party -- as Clinton did ? As much as Obama does n't want to do that , he 's a politician , and politicians have a very powerful instinct for their own political survival , especially when they face re-election in two years . Just ask Clinton . He pushed for welfare reform and a balanced budget -- to the deep concern of his liberal base . But he beat Bob Dole and was re-elected .	Wolf Blitzer attended Clinton 's 1994 news conference after Democrats lost Congress Similarities between Clinton 's situation and Obama 's are striking , Blitzer writes Obama faces a choice : "  Triangulate " like Clinton or forge your own path , Blitzer writes
CNN  Doctors in Macon , Georgia , told Janea Cox that her daughter , Haleigh , might not live another three months . That was the middle of March , when Haleigh 's brain was being short-circuited by hundreds of seizures a day , overrunning the array of five potent drugs meant to control them . Worse , the drugs were damaging Haleigh 's organs . "  She was maxed out , " Cox said . "  She 'd quit breathing several times a day , and the doctors blamed it on the seizure medications . " Cox had heard that a form of medical marijuana might help , but it was n't available in central Georgia . So a week after hearing the ominous diagnosis , she and Haleigh packed up and moved to Colorado Springs , Colorado . There , Haleigh began a regimen of cannabis oil : four times a day and once at night . By summer , she was down to just a handful of seizures a day . In less than three months , doctors were able to wean her off Depakote , a powerful medication that had been damaging her liver . Haleigh had never been able to walk or talk . But freed from seizures in Colorado , "  She said ` Mama ' for the first time , " Cox said . "  She 's playing with puzzles ; she 's walking . She 's almost being a normal child . " Despite all the good news , Cox is living in limbo . Her husband , a paramedic , could n't afford to leave his job and pension ; he still lives and works in Forsyth , Georgia . The family is relying on charity to keep their Colorado apartment for the next few months ; beyond that , the future is uncertain . A bill being introduced Monday in the U.S. House of Representatives could be Cox 's ticket home . The three-page bill would amend the Controlled Substances Act -- the federal law that criminalizes marijuana -- to exempt plants with an extremely low percentage of THC , the chemical that makes users high . Gupta : Why I changed my mind on weed If passed , it would be the first time that federal law allows any medical marijuana use . "  No one should face a choice of having their child suffer or moving to Colorado and splitting up their family , " said Rep. Scott Perry , R-Pennsylvania , the bill 's sponsor . "  We live in America , and if there 's something that would make my child better , and they ca n't get it because of the government , that 's not right . " The bill will land in a Congress that may be open to change . Across the country , highly sympathetic patients and a nonintoxicating product have proved a popular mix . This year alone , 11 states have passed legislation loosening regulation of cannabis strains with high cannabidiol and/or minimal THC content . In this atmosphere , Perry says that once members and their staffs are brought up to speed , he expects the bill to attract "  overwhelming " support . "  It would n't be surprising if we see broad support for this proposal , " agreed Mason Tvert , communications director at the Marijuana Policy Project , which advocates for marijuana and medical marijuana legalization . "  If this bill gets support , it will demonstrate that there is recognition of marijuana 's medical benefits . " Dubbed the Charlotte 's Web Medical Hemp Act of 2014 , the bill is named after Charlotte Figi , a young Colorado girl whose parents have campaigned nationwide for easier access to medical marijuana after successfully controlling their daughter 's seizures with cannabis oil . Since her story became known , a growing number of parents have flocked to Colorado , hoping for similar success . The Charlotte 's Web cannabis strain , developed by the Realm of Caring nonprofit organization in Colorado Springs , is in high demand , in part because of the attention it 's received in the media . Many families wait months for a batch to be grown and processed into cannabis oil . Perry 's bill , however , would apply to any cannabis strain with a THC content of less than 0.3 % . Charlotte 's Web and similar strains not only have minimal THC , they have high levels of cannabidiol , another chemical . A growing body of anecdotal evidence suggests that cannabidiol can effectively control seizures , though there are no published studies to support its use . It 's easy to find critics who say parents should follow a more traditional route . "  There is no evidence for marijuana as a treatment for seizures , " Rep. John Fleming , R-Louisiana , a physician , claimed during a congressional hearing last month . "  We hear anecdotal stories , and that 's how myths come about . " Fleming and others point out that a pharmaceutical version of cannabidiol oil , called Epidiolex , is being tested in clinical trials . But many children are n't able to get into the trials . Haleigh Cox is disqualified because she has type-1 diabetes . Others are n't willing to wait several months to be enrolled . "  With Epidiolex , there just are n't enough seats at the table , " said Mark Knecht , a father from Mechanicsburg , Pennsylvania , whose story helped inspire Perry 's bill . His daughter Anna , 11 , has epilepsy and suffers anywhere from a handful of seizures a day to more than 100 , despite her four anti-convulsant medications . Knecht , the chief financial officer of a large Christian medical nonprofit , says Anna has been evaluated at several top hospitals but could n't land a spot in the Epidiolex trial . Twenty-three states and the District of Columbia have laws on the books allowing medical marijuana for a variety of conditions . But even as states rewrite their regulations , federal law remains the same : Marijuana is illegal to grow , sell or use for any purpose . Under the 1970 Controlled Substances Act , marijuana is listed on Schedule 1 , meaning it has "  no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse . " To backers of reform , the Catch-22 is familiar : Marijuana is restricted in large part because there is little research to support medical uses ; research is difficult to conduct because of tight restrictions . A series of memos from the Justice Department has said that arresting individual medical marijuana users is not a priority , and a 2013 memo added that federal prosecutors should not target large commercial operations except on a case-by-case basis . But most observers say that shipping or transporting the drug across state lines ups the ante . "  For families like us , the biggest issue is the federal issue . You ca n't take it across state lines , " Knecht explained . His family still lives in Mechanicsburg . But after seeing CNN 's medical marijuana documentary last year , Anna and her mother , Deb , established residency in Colorado , where they obtained a medical marijuana card that let them place an order for a batch cannabis oil , in hopes it will control Anna 's seizures . If Perry 's bill becomes law , Knecht says , "  Realm of Caring could just put it in a FedEx package . " The Food and Drug Administration is conducting a review of scientific evidence to determine whether marijuana warrants looser treatment , but a spokeswoman says there 's no set date to complete the analysis . A review in 2011 ended with the Drug Enforcement Administration leaving marijuana 's status unaltered . But certain actions in Congress give Perry and his supporters hope . This month , the House passed a bill allowing banks to handle cash proceeds from dispensaries and other legal marijuana businesses . The most recent Farm Bill allows industrial hemp -- a strain of cannabis without THC -- to be grown for academic or research purposes . That did n't stop the Drug Enforcement Administration from seizing a shipment of hemp seeds bound for the University of Kentucky this spring . In response , the Senate Appropriations Committee , with support from Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , passed an amendment blocking DEA funds for anti-hemp enforcement . In May , the House passed a measure blocking money for DEA raids on marijuana dispensaries that are legal under state law . And just last week , Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky took it a step further , introducing an amendment to the Jobs Bill that would forbid federal prosecution of doctors and patients whose actions are legal under state medical marijuana laws . "  If states allow doctors to prescribe medical marijuana , and people are in good faith prescribing medical marijuana , we want to make sure it 's OK and that the federal government does n't come in and prosecute somebody , " said Brian Darling , Paul 's communications director . The amendment seems likely to die amidst wrangling over the Jobs Bill , but Darling says his boss plans to move forward on a standalone measure . Too many people have been sentenced to long prison terms for possession of marijuana , Darling says . "  The War on Drugs has gone overboard . " Knecht does n't want to uproot his family to move to Colorado . But he says his hand may be forced . "  We 're taking this situation one day at a time . " That 's where Janea Cox was a few months ago . She had n't heard about Perry 's bill until she got a call from a reporter but says she understands where the Pennsylvania families are coming from . She 's angry at home-state lawmakers who failed to push through Georgia 's cannabidiol oil bill this spring . "  I lived in Georgia for 17 years , " she said , "  but here in Colorado , I met my child for the first time , at the age of 5 . " Medical marijuana research stalls after Arizona professor is let go	Charlotte 's Web Medical Hemp Act of 2014 would amend Controlled Substances Act Federal bill introduced in U.S. House of Representatives by Rep. Scott Perry Bill would exempt plants with low percentage of THC , chemical that makes users high
CNN  -- An engineering firm has unveiled plans to turn the Eiffel Tower into a vast , tree-like monument by cladding its mesh iron body in over 600,000 plants . The controversial proposal from Ginger -- a French company that specializes in ecological design projects -- would cost $ 97 million and remove 87.8 tons of carbon dioxide from the Paris skies , according to the company 's calculations . Ginger CEO Jean-Luc Schonebelen concedes that it is probably not the most efficient form of carbon sequestration , but says the idea -- which has so far received no official endorsement from Paris City Council -- could have profound symbolic value . "  We 're told that within the next 30 years the world 's population may reach nine billion , and that 80 % of us will live in cities , " says Schonebelen , referring to projections from the U.N. Population Division released earlier this year . "  With this in mind , we need to think about how we 're going to start bringing nature back into the city landscape ... so this  proposal  is our call for action . " If Schonebelen has his way , thousands of hemp sacks brimming with soil and 48 varieties of seedlings would be fastened to "  La dame de fer " -- or "  the iron lady , " the tower 's French nickname -- by the end of next year . Irrigated via a 12-ton grid of interconnected rubbing tubing , the plants would likely mature by 2014 and would be nurtured until their removal two years later . "  Of course we 're not suggesting this be a permanent fixture , we 're proposing this as a temporary installation -- just as Mr Eiffel did when he built the tower back in the 19th century , " says Schonebelen . Staff at Ginger have been developing the mechanics behind the proposal for the past 18 months . The company employs over 1,500 people and has a turnover of    230 million a year , according to Schonebelen . Comment : Would you give them your support ? Is the Ginger 's Eiffel Tower tree a feasible innovation or a pretty but impractical pipe dream ? Tell us you thoughts in the comments section below . Since the Eiffel Tower opened during the 1889 World Fair , the 324-meter tall lattice monument has become one of the most popular tourist attractions in the world , with almost seven million paying visitors a year , according to La Societe d'Exploitation de la Tour Eiffel . Parisians are quick to defend their city 's architectural heritage but says Schonebelen , "  they are also very concerned about the environment and I 'm sure will come around to the idea . " Adorned in its new coat of living greenery , the tower would likely become a convenient new home for insects and birds . Schonebelen says they would be welcome guests and insists neither the foliage nor its accompanying inhabitants would obscure the view . "  We 'd keep the viewing platforms clear , " he says . "  Our objective is to enhance the structure , not ruin it . We want to turn an emblem of the industrial past into a beacon of the sustainable future . " Schonebelen says that they have selected a variety of plants that can flourish at high altitude and will be performing a feasibility study in the coming week to test if the tower could withstand the significant additional load . However , the company is yet to formally present its ideas to either the Paris City Council or SETE . "  This is a very serious proposal , from a serious company that has put a lot of time and resources into it , " says Schonebelen . "  We hope the Paris authorities will give us some of their time to listen to the idea . " So , what would you say in their shoes ?	French engineering firm unveils plan to adorn Paris monument with 600,000 plants If given the go-ahead , "  world 's tallest tree " could absorb over 80 tons of CO2 , says firm The temporary installation , which will cost $ 97 million , is likely to face opposition COMMENTS : Pipe-dream or true innovation ? Tell us your thoughts below
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Drawings on the back of a Leonardo da Vinci painting may have been sketched by the Italian Renaissance artist , but only more tests by museum experts will tell . Experts from the Louvre are carrying out tests on the painting . The Department of Paintings at the Louvre Museum in Paris and restoration and research experts from the Museums of France discovered the images this year on the back of the painting "  The Virgin and Child with St. Anne , " the Louvre said in a news release Thursday . The style of the sketches resembles that of da Vinci , but the experts said closer examinations must be done to confirm they are his . After the art experts began studying the circa 1500 painting , an oil on wood , a conservator from the Paintings Department discovered two barely visible drawings on the back of it -- a horse 's head and a partial skull . Closer scrutiny also revealed another sketch showing the infant Jesus with a lamb . The drawings , almost impossible to see with the human eye , were photographed with an infrared reflectographic camera , to reveal the underdrawings . The technique intensifies the degree of absorption of certain pigments , such as those that are carbon-based , which was the preferred material used for preparatory drawings during da Vinci 's era . According to the experts , drawings on the back of paintings is "  extremely rare , " and none have been found so far that can be attributed to da Vinci .	Three sketches found under Leonardo da Vinci painting Tests continuing to determine if the drawings were by da Vinci Drawings are a horse 's head , a partial skull and infant Jesus with lamb
CNN  -- Jay Leno and Cpl. Ethan Laberge do n't have much in common . One is best known as a comedian and the former host of "  The Tonight Show , " while the other is recovering from serious injuries he sustained while serving in Afghanistan . But there is one thing these two share , and that 's a love of cars . So to say thank you to Cpl. Laberge for his service , Leno decided to gift the soldier with something that he knew he would enjoy : a brand new Dodge Hellcat . Leno and Laberge met through Leno 's USO comedy tour with the "  Today " show 's Al Roker . "  When I travel to entertain the troops , the best part ... is the few minutes I get to spend with each soldier , " Leno said on "  Today " Wednesday . "  Behind every handshake , every hello , is a great kid . And I wanted to introduce the world to one of them . We sort of took all these wounded warriors and did a lottery and picked a soldier at random and drew something for him , and hopefully , it expresses what we want to do for all soldiers . " Laberge was on foot patrol in Afghanistan when a suicide bomber detonated himself on the street where Laberge was standing . The soldier has had 10 surgeries to try to repair what was damaged , but he still suffers from constant pain , in addition to memory loss caused by a traumatic brain injury . Leno hoped to take his mind off some of that with the simple gift of a joyride in a 2015 Dodge SRT Hellcat through the open roads of Fort Campbell , Kentucky . "  Sometimes I think when you 're a soldier , you get this feeling that you 're all alone and the rest of the country does n't care , " Leno said . "  So when people take a moment to stop and go , hey you , thank you very much -- I think it does something for them . " Once they were done taking turns behind the wheel -- and after a pit stop for some barbecue -- Leno handed the keys to the Hellcat over to Laberge . "  It 's yours , " Leno told him . "  America loves you . Thank you . Have a lot of fun , do n't get any tickets . " To which Laberge quickly responded with a smile , "  I ca n't promise that . " Leno added on "  Today " Wednesday that he "  wanted to do something a little bit different " to show his gratitude to servicemen and women . "  Everybody helps the soldiers with medical issues and all those important things , but sometimes , that can be like getting socks for Christmas , " he said . "  You want to give them something that 's fun , something that has nothing to do with what happened to them . "	Jay Leno gave a military veteran a new car He did it to say thank you for his service The comedian has been touring with "  Today 's " USO comedy tour
Moscow  CNN  -- Bolshoi Ballet star soloist Pavel Dmitrichenko pleaded not guilty Tuesday to masterminding an acid attack on the theater 's artistic director , Sergei Filin , a court spokesman told CNN . Alleged accomplice Yuri Zarutsky pleaded guilty to carrying out the attack , but he said he had acted alone . A third defendant in the case , Andrei Lipatov , denied the charges . He 's accused of aiding Zarutsky by acting as his driver . Filin was walking up to his Moscow apartment in January when a masked assailant tossed sulfuric acid onto his face , leaving him severely burned and nearly blinded . Proceedings were adjourned to Thursday after the three men heard and responded to the charges . A fight at the ballet : The power struggle tearing apart the Bolshoi Filin has spent much of the past year in Germany , where doctors have been working to save his sight . He has undergone multiple surgeries and has regained 80 % of his vision in one eye , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency said . His other eye , in which he was completely blind after the attack , has not recovered to the same extent , but he can now pick out large objects , it said . Filin recently returned to Moscow , but he still needs further treatment . There 's still a question mark over whether he will be able to return to his role at the Bolshoi Ballet , one of Russia 's iconic cultural institutions . The case has sparked great public interest in Russia , where tales of intrigue and bitter rivalries have swirled around the ballet 's dancers and management . Curtain falls on Russian ballet director after tumultuous year	Soloist Pavel Dmitrichenko denies organizing an acid attack on the Bolshoi 's artistic director His alleged accomplice , Yuri Zarutsky , pleads guilty and says he acted alone Zarutsky 's alleged driver in the attack , Andrei Lipatov , pleads not guilty Sergei Filin has recovered some of his sight after multiple surgeries in Germany
CNN  -- In 1937 , Life magazine launched the career of an up-and-coming starlet with a photo spread that , overnight , made "  Cynthia " a household name . She became an A-list celebrity , top fashion houses sent jewels and dresses , and she was briefly engaged to one of radio 's biggest stars . There was just one minor catch : Cynthia was n't human , she was a mannequin -- a plaster , dead-eyed dummy . Pretty , in a vacant kind of way , but a dummy . Her creator , Lester Gaba , was a Missouri shopkeeper 's son with dreams of a grand life in the big city . He achieved it through his uncanny skill at one of the Great Depression 's quirkier national crazes -- soap sculpting . Buoyed by the fame he earned as a soap sculptor , Gaba moved to New York in 1932 , where he went into fashion and retail and pioneered the design of mannequins that combined style with realism . Cynthia was his star , accompanying him to nightclubs and social events . Not bad for a blonde who could n't speak a word , smile or even blink . Read the full story and see the entire gallery on Life.com .	Life magazine launched the career of an up-and-coming starlet with a photo spread She became an A-list celebrity Cynthia was a mannequin
CNN  -- Call it a security version of the speedy supermarket checkout . Passengers traveling with one carry-on item now have the option of going through an express security lane at Pittsburgh International Airport . "  This move comes as a result of more people carrying more items through the checkpoint to avoid airline bag fees , " said Bradley D. Penrod , executive director and CEO of the Allegheny County Airport Authority . "  The express lane is a way to streamline the wait at the checkpoint for those who pack light and fit it all in one bag . " The lane , just to the right of the airport 's main security checkpoint and staffed by a Transportation Security Administration employee , began operations Tuesday . Only travelers with one item -- such as a purse , a briefcase , a computer case -- are allowed to use the express lane . Jackets are n't counted as an extra item , but anything else would require passengers to use the other security lines . Traveler reaction so far has been positive , said JoAnn Jenny , a spokeswoman for the Allegheny County Airport Authority . "  It 's been hugely popular , " Jenny said . "  People were really excited about it . " She said she believes Pittsburgh International is the first U.S. airport to try this particular concept , though other airports have versions of express lanes , including one dedicated for expert travelers , frequent fliers and so on . Keep your shoes on at the airport ? Maybe It 's not a pilot program that may go nationwide but rather a fix for a "  Pittsburgh-specific issue , " Jenny said . Long security lines at the airport over the summer -- sometimes an hour or longer during peak periods -- had officials scrambling for a solution . So they approached the TSA and received the thumbs up for the express lane concept . "  TSA works with airports across the country to provide the best possible security in the most efficient way possible , " said Greg Soule , a spokesman for the agency . "  The program at Pittsburgh International Airport is one example of TSA partnering with airports to improve the passenger experience while providing world-class security . " Pittsburgh International hopes the express lane will get more people thinking about packing light so that when the busy holiday season comes around , most will be traveling with just one carry-on , Jenny said .	Pittsburgh International Airport opens an express security lane Lane is dedicated for passengers traveling with one carry-on item "  It 's been hugely popular , " spokeswoman says
CNN  -- A 14-year-old cruise passenger was killed in a crossfire Monday as she rode on a tour bus on the U.S. Virgin Islands , police said . Authorities said the shooting happened just before noon in the Coki Point area of St. Thomas . They found the girl wounded on the bus and a man who had been fatally shot in the street , police said in a statement . She was identified as Liz Marie Perez Chapparro of Puerto Rico by the U.S. Virgin Islands Department of Tourism . Chapparro was taken to a hospital , where she died from her injuries , police said . The shootout between the unidentified man and the driver of a red Honda occurred at the funeral of Joseph Ferrari , who was shot to death at a mall parking lot on June 29 . The driver in Monday 's shooting ran away from the scene , police said . Three others were arrested as police searched the area . Police said they found ammunition on the dead man 's body . Chapparro 's family immediately flew home to Puerto Rico , the tourism department said .	Teen tourist killed in crossfire on St. Thomas An unidentified man also fatally shot Shootout happened at a funeral
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf failed to appear Tuesday at a court where he was due to be indicted in connection with the death of opposition leader Benazir Bhutto . Musharraf did n't travel to the hearing at an anti-terrorism court in Rawalpindi because intelligence services warned of credible threats against his life , said his lawyer Ahmed Raza Kasuri . Read more : Can Musharraf save U.S. from liability for drone attacks ? The Pakistani capital , Islamabad , which adjoins Rawalpindi , was put on high alert Sunday after intelligence reports suggested the possibility of a high-profile attack . The court has adjourned Musharraf 's case until August 20 , Kasuri said . Musharraf is not expected to be charged with murder , but over his alleged failure to provide adequate security for Bhutto , Kasuri said last week . Accusations over assassination Bhutto , Pakistan 's first female prime minister , was assassinated in a gun-suicide attack in December 2007 , shortly after she came back to Pakistan from self-imposed exile to take part in the 2008 general elections . Musharraf was president at the time . Read more : The story of Pervez Musharraf Musharraf 's government blamed former Pakistani Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud for the assassination , saying he had paid a network of Islamist militants to carry out the killing . But Musharraf and his security forces have been accused of failing to protect Bhutto , a political rival . The former military ruler has denied having anything to do with Bhutto 's killing and his lawyers say the allegations against him are politically motivated . He plans to plead not guilty to the expected charges . A troubled return After the general elections in 2008 where his party was trounced , Musharraf stepped down as the governing coalition began taking steps to impeach him . He then went into self-imposed exile . Earlier this year , he returned to Pakistan in an attempt to revive his political career . It did n't work . Instead , he 's become entangled in a thicket of court cases related to his time as the country 's top leader . He has been under house arrest since April .	Musharraf fails to appear in court to face charges in Benazir Bhutto murder case Intelligence services warn of threats to the former president 's life , his lawyer says The case is adjourned until August 20 Musharraf is accused of failing to provide adequate security for Bhutto in 2007
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A company accused of encouraging hundreds to illegally enter the United States and then hiring them using fake Social Security numbers has agreed to pay the largest settlement ever in a workplace immigration bust , the Department of Justice said Friday . Relatives of people arrested in IFCO raids gather for a news conference in July 2006 . IFCO Systems North America , a pallet and crate company , will pay a $ 20.7 million settlement , which includes $ 18.1 million in fines and $ 2.6 million for overtime violations , the Department of Justice said . In early 2006 , immigration officials raided 45 IFCO sites , arresting almost 1,200 low-level workers . Federal officials also charged several managers , accusing them of using "  as a business model the systematic violation of United States law . " To date , nine IFCO managers and employees have pleaded guilty to criminal conduct , the Justice Department said . Four managers are awaiting trial on felony charges and the investigation is continuing , it said . The Justice Department said it will not pursue criminal charges against the company if it complies with the terms of the settlement . "  The agreement severely punishes IFCO for its serious immigration and employment violations , " acting U.S. Attorney Andrew Baxter said . "  But it also allows the corporation to continue its operations , so that its lawful employees and innocent shareholders do not suffer the consequences of a business failure in this economy . " IFCO 's violation of the law was flagrant , officials said . More than half of the company 's 5,800 workers during 2005 had invalid Social Security numbers , and the company ignored at least 13 letters from the Social Security Administration about questionable Social Security numbers . IFCO records suggests that as many as 6,000 illegal immigrants worked at company plants from 2003 to 2006 , the Justice Department said . Federal officials said Friday that IFCO "  acknowledges and accepts responsibility for the unlawful conduct of its managers and employees . " An IFCO official could not be reached for comment .	Pallet and crate company IFCO Systems North America will pay $ 20.7 million IFCO accused of luring workers to U.S. , giving them fake Social Security numbers Justice wo n't pursue criminal charges if company complies with settlement As many as 6,000 illegal immigrants worked for company from 2003 to 2006
CNN  -- Let 's face it , if you 're on holiday in Miami you 'll want to be based near the beach , which , fortunately , is where the city 's most glamorous hotels are located . South Beach is known for its Art Deco hotels , like The Delano , left . South Beach is known for its distinctive Art Deco hotels , mostly built in the 1920s and 30s and often painted in bright pastel colors . South Beach 's Art Deco originals have been protected since the 1970s , and many have since been renovated to the highest specifications . Collins Avenue is home to more than its fair share of boutique hotels . The Delano  1685 Collins Avenue , doubles from $ 400  dates back to the 1940s and is crowned with streamlined fins that are pure Deco . It has been re-imagined by Ian Schrager , with a white , minimal Philippe Starck-designed interior that is sophisticated and hip . The Delano 's Rose Bar is one of the best places in town for a poolside cocktail . The Shore Club  1901 Collins Avenue , doubles from $ 300  is another Schrager revival of a Deco hotel and , if anything , it 's even cooler than The Delano . Rooms are high-tech , welcoming and often occupied by visiting celebrities . The attached sushi restaurant Nobu is top notch and the stylish Skybar , with its four bars and tropical gardens , is one of the city 's hottest nightspots . Do you have a favorite hotel or place to stay in Miami ? If you 've just won the lottery , you 'll want to stay at the Setai  2001 Collins Avenue , doubles from $ 785  . Another conversion of an Art Deco hotel , albeit augmented by a 40-storey tower , the Setai adds tasteful Asian influences . Its cool , dark interior is a refreshingly tasteful oasis among the South Beach excess , and is both unashamedly luxurious and frighteningly expensive . Back in the real world , The Standard  40 Island Avenue , Miami Beach , doubles from $ 250  is a little stranded in its Biscayne Bay locale , but is great value . The real draw is the superb spa , with its infinity pool and open-air mud lounge . But this is no austere health retreat ; it 's relaxing and fun , and all the better for it . This is Miami after all ... A cheaper , quirkier option is Pelican  826 Ocean Drive , doubles from $ 200  . Owned by Italian fashion label Diesel , this is a colorful , kitschy place , with individually themed rooms , such as the ornate and floral ` Power Flower ' room . The hotel 's Pelican Caf has an outstanding wine list and is surprisingly good value . Away from the beach altogether , the Biltmore  1200 Anastasia Avenue , doubles from $ 310  , over in Coral Gables , is an absolute gem . The rooms are n't exceptional but the building is a beauty , modeled on the Giralda bell tower in Seville , with ornate Moorish-inspired touches . Al Capone was a big fan back in the 1920s and these days there 's a massive pool , an 18-hole golf course and rumors of resident ghosts ... ... . Miami City Guide : Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop Do you agree with our Miami picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best	South Beach is known for its distinctive and stylish Art Deco hotels Expensive and exclusive , The Setai has an Asian-influenced interior The Standard is known for its spa , infinity pool and open-air mud lounge Over in Coral Gables , the stunning Biltmore resembles a Spanish palace
CNN  -- It 's the putt all golfers want to be stood over . The final hole of a Masters weekend , find the cup and the coveted green jacket is yours . Your heart is racing , your palms sweaty , can you maintain your focus ? The contender surveys the scene , taking in the erupting volcano and giant wooden heads which line the Hawaiian Rumble course before delicately guiding her shot off a brick and into the hole . No , not the Augusta National Country Club , but a minigolf course in Myrtle Beach . Not Tiger Woods , but 18-year-old Olivia Prokopova , one of the world 's leading minigolf players and a double Masters champion . "  I started playing as a three-year-old kid , " the Czech told CNN . "  My dad worked as a sports reporter and he took me with him to an interview he did with a minigolf trainer . I tried to play there and really liked it . Apparently , I kept asking when we would go back to play more . "  Since then , I played regularly , and started going to tournaments . " Minigolf , commonly referred to as crazy golf , originated in 1867 at the Royal and Ancient Golf Club in St. Andrews , Scotland . With women at the time keen to play the conventional game , and the violent swinging action required to hit a drive deemed most unladylike , an 18-hole course of putting greens was built . The rest , as they say , is history and 150 years later people from all over the world enjoy minigolf in a wide variety of locations on courses littered with tiny waterfalls and animatronic dinosaurs . It might not be as famous or well-known as the full-size game -- "  big golf , " as Prokopova says -- but away from the fairways and bunkers of conventional courses is a hardcore community of players dedicated to golf 's miniature cousin . And none are more dedicated than Bob Detwiler , the founder of the U.S. Pro Minigolf Federation . Detwiler opened the Hawaiian Rumble course in 1992 and decided to start holding tournaments . The first was the Masters in 1997 , followed one year later by the U.S. Open . While the former is always held at Detwiler 's course , the latter annually switches location , mirroring the long-established traditions of golf 's equivalent tournaments . And the similarities have not been lost on those at Augusta National Golf Club , home since 1934 of what is now the season 's opening major tournament . "  I 've been called three of four times by the people at Augusta , " explained Detwiler . "  They said I was infringing on their name and stuff . "  I said , ` How can that be ? There 's the Masters of tennis , of marbles . You name it , there 's a Masters of it . ' "  They asked me to do certain things , but they 've never said I need to cease and desist . " The Hawaiian Rumble course -- "  our Augusta , " boasts Detwiler -- annually attracts players from across the globe for the Masters , a tournament Prokopova has won in each of the last two years . While Adam Scott took home $ 1.44 million for his Green Jacket success in April , minigolf 's event has a total prize fund of just $ 12,000 . "  The season is expensive , " admits Prokopova . "  Traveling to the U.S. is expensive . We usually go there three weeks to a month before a tournament . "  All prize money goes back into the travels , but I still need sponsors and my parents contribute to these trips . " Prokopova 's commitment to the sport is unquestionable . Not only does she fly 4,500 miles to compete in the U.S. , she is joined by an entourage including both of her parents , her coach and , if you believe Detwiler , even a masseuse . "  I was seven when I first traveled to the U.S. for a tournament , " said Prokopova . "  The atmosphere was absolutely amazing . All the other players would stand around me and cheer , some of them screaming and jumping in the air . " Prokopova 's fellow competitors tend to be middle-aged men who enjoy the heat of competition and the fraternity which comes with being an obscure sportsman . However Detwiler admits that some find losing to a teenage girl difficult to take . "  They 've known her since she was seven years old , so they all like her , " said Detwiler . "  But at the same time they want to win too . And they do n't like it when some girl beats them ! " But the response to Propokova is almost entirely positive , with America 's minigolf courses a home away from home for the prodigy . "  When at a tournament , it really feels like we are one big family , " said Prokopova . "  We see each other regularly , at least twice a year , and we know each other . The players ' community is very supportive , I do n't feel much rivalry . "  I have once beaten the same player in sudden-death playoffs three times in row . He was a little upset and walked away briskly , but even then , he later came back and offered his congratulations . "  And that was the only time I could feel any sort of over-competitiveness . " As minigolf continues to grow , the sport 's family could welcome more and more foreign members , with players from far and wide flocking to tournaments across the globe . "  The World Minigolf Federation is seeing a rise in player numbers , clubs and events and greater recognition of Minigolf as a sport , " its sport director Pasi Aho told CNN . "  There are now 46 member nations in the World Minigolf Sport Federation , with South Korea and Mongolia our most recent members . "  With over 1,300 tournaments played each year , including World , European and Asian Championships , there are now 38,000 registered players competing in a wide range of tournaments . " For Prokopova , more major titles surely lie in wait . After all , she has won two green jackets before her 19th birthday , two more than 14-time major winner Woods had at that age . And Prokopova has set her sights on a showdown with "  big golf 's " biggest star . "  We have challenged Tiger Woods on several occasions , mainly through the media , but he never responded . Maybe he is afraid ?! " she joked . Over to you , Tiger ... CNN 's Ivana Kottasova contributed to this story .	The minigolf Masters takes place annually at the Hawaiian Rumble course Czech teenager Olivia Prokopova has won the tournament in each of the last two years The event was started by Robert Detwiler , founder of the U.S. Pro Minigolf Federation Some 38,000 registered players compete in tournaments all over the world
Bangui , Central African Republic  CNN  -- Two French soldiers sent to the Central African Republic as part of an international peacekeeping mission have been killed , the French presidency said Tuesday . The two soldiers , both paratroopers in their early 20s , were killed in combat in the capital , Bangui , on Monday night , a statement from the Elysee Palace said . "  They lost their lives to save others , " it said . French President Francois Hollande learned of the soldiers ' deaths "  with great sadness , " the statement said . He also "  reiterates his full confidence in the French forces deployed alongside African forces to restore security in the Central African Republic , protect civilian populations and ensure access to humanitarian aid . " Hollande arrived in the Central African Republic Tuesday evening local time , public service broadcaster Radio France reported , after attending the official memorial service for the late South African President Nelson Mandela in Johannesburg . France , the former colonial power in the Central African Republic , has deployed 1,600 personnel there to support African Union troops , after a vote last week in the U.N. Security Council authorizing military intervention . Hollande 's visit , during which he was expected to meet with troops , pay his respects before the soldiers ' caskets and speak with local leaders , may be intended to help shore up public support back home . Surveys indicate about half the French public back the mission . Hollande did not need parliamentary approval to send troops to the Central African Republic , but the move has wide support from lawmakers . Christian , Muslim militias fight Violence has raged in the Central African Republic since a coalition of rebels deposed President Francois Bozize in March , the latest in a series of coups since the nation gained independence . Bozize fled the country after his ouster . Christian vigilante groups have formed to battle Seleka , the predominantly Muslim coalition behind the president 's removal . More than 415,000 people -- nearly 10 % of the population -- have been internally displaced by the fighting , according to the United Nations , and 68,000 more have fled to neighboring countries . French forces began their operation in the country , east of Cameroon and north of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , on Friday , a day after the U.N. resolution authorizing their deployment was approved . "  France is determined to act to restore basic security in the Central African Republic , in order to halt the spiral of abuses and sectarian drift , allow the return of humanitarian workers and basic state structures , " Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said . A deadline was set by the African-led peacekeeping force , backed by the French , for the warring militias to disarm by midday Monday . But a CNN team traveling with a U.N. convoy back to Bangui from the town of Bossangoa , about 185 miles north of the capital , said Seleka roadblocks were still in evidence on the main road . The team also saw Christian anti-Balaka militiamen along the road . Smoke could be seen rising a short distance off the road a number of times from what looked like burning villages . As the convoy neared its destination , automatic weapons fire was directed at the main French checkpoint leading into Bangui , where there 's a buildup of French forces . Muslim militia : We are true government of CAR Calling for ` calm and peace ' The Pentagon said Monday that American military aircraft would help the peacekeeping efforts by flying African and European peacekeepers to the Central African Republic from Burundi . In a statement , President Barack Obama appealed for the country 's citizens to reject violence and urged the transitional government to join "  respected leaders " in Muslim and Christian communities in calling for "  calm and peace . " "  Individuals who are engaging in violence must be held accountable in accordance with the law . Meanwhile , as forces from other African countries and France work to restore security , the United States will support their efforts to protect civilians , " Obama said . The chief prosecutor for the International Criminal Court , Fatou Bensouda , said the deteriorating security situation over the past few days had "  contributed to the escalation of unlawful killings , sexual violence , recruitment of child soldiers and other grave crimes , across the country . " She urged all parties in the conflict "  to stop attacking civilians and committing crimes , or risk being investigated and prosecuted . " A spike in fighting in Bangui since Thursday has claimed at least 400 lives according to the official count , rights group Amnesty International said in a statement Monday . However , the group estimates as many as 1,000 people may have been killed , with many hastily buried before they could be accounted for . "  The true number of the dead may never be known , " it said . An estimated 60,000 have been displaced within Bangui , Amnesty International added , as it appealed for urgent steps to protect civilians in vulnerable areas . Doctors Without Borders , or Medecins Sans Frontieres , said its staff had witnessed summary killings inside one hospital in Bangui on Thursday . It called for all sides to respect civilians and medical facilities in Bangui and across the country . Bossangoa camps As well as carrying out patrols in Bangui , French forces have been sent to Bossangoa , where more than 40,000 of those displaced by fighting have sought refuge in camps . The French intend to make Bossangoa safe and to push out to the even more insecure bush past the city limits , where 100,000 people have been hiding for the past six months in fear for their lives . An official from FOMAC , the multinational force for Central Africa , said the Seleka militia would no longer be allowed to run the country as local administrators , and instead police will begin to do that . Also , members of the militia group will be restricted to their camps , and when they venture out , they will be forced to leave their weapons behind . This rule also applies to the Christian anti-Balaka militia , which includes vigilante groups . If any of the groups defy this order , said the official , they will be forcefully disarmed . But the commander of the Seleka militia , Col. Saleh Zabadi , told the CNN team in Bossangoa that his force has no intention of going anywhere . "  We are this country 's government . Leave power ? Maybe if we are dead , " he said defiantly . Fears of genocide : 10 things to know about the Central African Republic CNN 's Nima Elbagir reported from the Central African Republic and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Jim Bittermann , Lillian Leposo , Nana Karikari-apau and Sandrine Amiel contributed to this report .	NEW : French President Francois Hollande visits the Central African Republic Two French soldiers die after their patrol is attacked in Bangui , Defense Ministry says France has 1,600 troops in the Central African Republic in support of an African force Violence has escalated in the Central African Republic since a coup in March
CNN  -- A Ugandan marathoner who won the nation 's first Olympics gold medal in 40 years returned home to a hero 's welcome and a check for $ 80,000 . Stephen Kiprotich , 23 , was virtually unknown in Uganda before he stunned his Kenyan challengers , who were heavily favored to win the marathon during the London Olympics . His unexpected win sparked excitement in the East African nation that won its last gold medal in the Munich Games in 1972 . Throngs flooded the airport to honor Kiprotich , whose win sparked fierce pride as the nation celebrates 50 years of independence . "  I need to salute Kiprotich and those people who helped him to train , " said President Yoweri Museveni , who had breakfast with him Wednesday at state house in Entebbe . "  This gives us morale boost to organize ourselves better . " Museveni also presented Kiprotich with a check of Ugandan shillings 200 million  $ 80,000  , according to a statement from the president 's office . He ordered the money be deposited on his account before the close of business and pledged to build a three-bedroom house for his parents in eastern Uganda . "  This medal is from God particularly now that Uganda is celebrating 50 years of independence , " the president said . The president also pledged to provide more support to Ugandan athletes and build a high altitude training facility for future runners . Kiprotich moved to Kenya 's high altitude Eldoret region to train because of lack of training facilities in his nation . The Ugandan Olympian started off the marathon by trailing behind the Kenyan duo that won silver and bronze , but finished with a big lead . After he crossed the finish line , he dropped to his knees and bowed , draped in a Ugandan flag . "  I have been dreaming , ` Can I be like John Akii-Bua ? ' , " Kiprotich said after winning . " I think today I joined the champions , so I am happy . " The late Akii-Bua won Uganda 's first Olympic gold four decades ago in the 400-meter hurdles .	Ugandan Stephen Kiprotich stunned Kenyan challengers , who were heavily favored to win In addition to the check , the president says he will build a house for his parents The president also pledges to provide more support to Ugandan athletes
Riot police evicted scores of protesters from Taiwan 's executive building early Monday morning as rallies over a controversial trade deal between Taiwan and mainland China entered their seventh day . Hundreds of protesters stormed the Executive Yuan in Taipei on Sunday evening , shortly after Taiwan 's president Ma Ying-jeou dismissed protesters ' demands to scrap a service trade agreement with China . Opponents of the deal say it could harm Taiwan 's economy , democratic system and national security . Police used high-pressure water cannons to disperse the demonstrators , who were mostly university students . Meanwhile , other protesters continue their sit-in at the nearby legislature building , where they have been since March 18 . "  We are tired , very tired . But we will continue on for democracy , " a spokesperson for the movement , Lin Fei-fan told CNN on Monday . "  We have been protesting for seven days now . After last night 's violence we are shaken , " he said . Lin estimated there were up to 200 protesters inside the Legislative Yuan 's main assembly hall Monday , with more outside the building . "  Last night many students were injured and bloodied , some got concussions and bone fractures , " he said . According to Taiwan 's Central News Agency , at least 137 people , including protesters , police and journalists , have been hospitalized since the rallies began last week . Most had minor injuries . Taiwan 's premier Jiang Yi-huah said some 61 people were arrested for breaking into the executive building , including 35 who were still being questioned as of Monday morning , CNA reported . Dubbed the "  Sunflower Movement " by Taiwanese media , the protesters are calling on the government to scrap a controversial trade deal which was signed in Shanghai last year . They say the agreement will threaten small business and allow China to exert greater influence in the island through investments in "  sensitive and core industries , " including those associated with press freedom such as publishing and advertising . On Sunday , Taiwan 's President Ma Ying-jeou defended the pact with China -- the island 's biggest trade partner -- and said that it would benefit the economy and create jobs for young people . "  Regional economic integration is an unstoppable global trend . If we do not face this and join in the process , it will only be a matter of time before we are eliminated from the competition . For the sake of the nation 's development , we truly have no choice , " Ma said . Some Taiwanese believe parts of the agreement are beneficial to Taiwan 's future , but many are incensed by what they believe were procedural errors in passing the pact . "  We feel that the content of the agreement was developed in ` black box ' negotiations , " protest leader Lin said . "  The opinions of workers were not consulted and it was passed without deliberation . This is against our democratic principles . " Taiwan and China signed the trade pact in June last year , but a review of the deal has been delayed in the legislature . On March 17 , the governing party Kuomintang pushed the pact forward without bipartisan deliberation , a move that the opposition said broke an agreement that all legislators would consider the deal line by line . The Kuomintang has since agreed to review the pact one clause at a time during a second reading of the deal . President Ma is taking a hard stance against the students . His government did not respond to a March 21 ultimatum by protesters to issue an apology for the deal . On Sunday , Ma appeared in public to address the protests for the first time : "  Is this the kind of democracy that we want ? The foundation of democracy is rule of law -- adhering to the rule of law is fundamental to our statehood , " Ma said . The protesters have called for a students ' strike across Taiwan commencing Monday . Student unions from four major universities said they will participate . The director of the National Tsing-Hua University 's Institute of Sociology said in a statement that all classes at the institute will be called off for one week . If the government gives the student protesters a "  satisfactory response , " classes will resume immediately , he said . According to Lin , the protest leader , at least 1,000 students were taking part in the strike as of Monday afternoon . He said that the Taiwanese public has welcomed their campaign . "  I feel that most Taiwanese are supportive of us . They have been very warm towards us . We see parents bringing their kids to come and visit us , " Lin said . Although Taiwan governs itself as the Republic of China , with Beijing considering it a breakaway province , relations between the former rivals have improved since Ma took office in 2008 . Last month , Taiwan and mainland China held their highest-level talks in more than six decades . The meeting marked the first government-to-government contact since their split in 1949 following the Chinese Civil War . After the talks , they agreed to open a regular communication channel , China 's state media Xinhua reported .	Riot police disperse protesters who stormed Taiwan 's executive building Student protesters occupying government buildings call for controversial trade deal to be scrapped Taiwan 's president defends the pact as beneficial to the economy Protesters call on universities to hold strikes until demands are met
Frankfurt , Germany  CNN  -- Lufthansa airline will fly a bit over half of its normal flight schedule Tuesday , a day after pilots suspended their strike . "  It will obviously take a few days until we are back to normal , " spokeswoman Claudia Lange said . The airline is planning to fly about 1,000 of its normal complement of 1,800 flights , "  plus , where we can , single , additional flights , " she said . The airline is hoping to return to its full flight schedule by Friday . The announcement came shortly after both sides in a pilots strike against German-based Lufthansa , one of of the world 's largest airlines , agreed to suspend the standoff beginning at midnight  6 p.m. ET  Monday . The suspension will expire March 8 , barring an agreement before then , both sides said in a Frankfurt labor court . "  The judge was very clear , " Lufthansa spokesman Klaus Walther said . "  He recommended the union to stop the strike action and to return to the negotiation table . " Walther predicted the two sides would reach a final agreement "  pretty fast . " The pilots ' union previously had said resuming a normal schedule would take time , because the union had to inform striking pilots of the agreement before they could return to work . In addition , passengers whose flights have been canceled will have to be rebooked . Hundreds of flights were canceled Monday . The walkout by more than 4,000 members of Vereinigung Cockpit , the pilots ' union , began at midnight Sunday after a last-ditch effort at negotiations over pay and job security failed , the company said . The strike threatened to disrupt travel on more than two dozen partner airlines , including United , US Airways and Continental . In 2008 , Lufthansa was the No. 2 international carrier , with 42.2 million passengers , according to the International Air Transport Association . The industrial action was the largest in German aviation history , Lufthansa said , and it signaled growing labor unrest across Europe . Hours after it started , the union representing most of British Airways cabin staff voted to strike , but did not set a date . On Wednesday in Greece , a mass public and private sector strike is planned to protest the government 's austerity plan . British Airways cabin crews vote to strike In addition , French civil aircraft staff , including air traffic controllers , said Monday they plan to strike Tuesday through Saturday . Four unions called for the strike , denouncing a government project to merge air traffic control operations with those of five other European countries -- Germany , Belgium , Netherlands , Luxembourg and Switzerland , according to Eric Heraud , spokesman for France 's civil aviation authority , DGAC , or Direction Generale de l'Aviation Civile . The unions are afraid of dismantling DGAC , Heraud said . Under the new proposal , "  nothing will change geographically , " he said . "  The control towers will stay where they are . " Only the "  map of the sky " will change , or the sphere of the controllers ' concern , Heraud said . Half of Tuesday 's flights at Paris , France 's , Orly airport were to be canceled because of the action , he said . Twenty-five percent of the flights at Charles de Gaulle Airport were to be canceled . The labor unrest comes as the airline industry is digging out of the worst one-year drop-off in business , according to International Air Transport Association . "  It is the kind of death throes , I guess , of the very strong legacy airline unions , " said Simon Calder , a travel expert . "  Now , all the old airlines like BA , like Lufthansa , are struggling " to cut costs , he said . In 2009 , air carrier revenues dropped nearly 15 percent worldwide after a record $ 535 billion the previous year . Passenger travel fell a record 3.5 percent and freight fell more than 10 percent , according to International Air Transport Association figures . Many of Lufthansa 's pilots have been working without a contract since March and more than 90 percent of the union 's members had voted to strike , a union representative said . The union , which is seeking a 6.4 percent pay increase , is also concerned with the airline 's recent buying spree of small regional carriers , such as BMI and Austrian Airlines , a practice that it said cannibalizes flights from union-flown routes . Lufthansa is one of the largest carriers on the Star Alliance , a network of 26 airlines that share ticketing and routes for international travel . Other Star Alliance member airlines are : Adria , Air Canada , Air China , Air New Zealand , ANA , Asiana Airlines , Austrian , Blue 1 , BMI , Brussels Airlines , Continental Airlines , Croatia Airlines , Egypt Air , Lot Polish Airlines , Scandinavian Airlines , Shanghai Airlines , Singapore Airlines , South African Airways , Spanair , Swiss , Tap Portugal , Thai Airlines , Turkish Airlines , United Airlines and US Airways . Send your views and experiences to CNN iReport CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Erin McLaughlin , Stefan Simons , Kevin Voigt , Alix Bayle and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	About 1,000 of Lufthansa 's usual 1,800 flights to fly Tuesday Union , airline : Getting back to normal will take time Both sides in pilots strike against Lufthansa agree to suspend standoff Union : Strike focuses on pay , conditions . Company : Union interfering in management
CNN  The classic video game "  Space Invaders " was developed in Japan back in the late 1970 's -- and now their real-life counterparts are the topic of an earnest political discussion in Japan 's corridors of power . Luckily , Japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government 's top military official earnestly revealed that the country 's Air Self Defense Force  ASDF  had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object . Responding to a query from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki , Defense Minister Gen Nakatani told the Diet , Japan 's parliament , that his jets had , to date , never come across any UFOs from outer space . "  When the Air Self Defense Force detects indications of an unidentified flying object that could violate our country 's airspace , it scrambles fighter jets if necessary and makes visual observation , " Nakatani said . He continued : "  They sometimes find birds or flying objects other than aircraft but I do n't know of a case of finding an unidentified flying object believed to have come over from anywhere other than Earth . " Inoki has appeared in the U.S.-based WWE -- which describes him as "  among the most respected men in sports-entertainment " -- and is the founder of the New Japan Pro Wrestling organization . He entered Japan 's Upper House for a second stint in politics in 2013 . He also famously fought Muhammad Ali in 1976 , in one of the first-ever mixed-discipline matches , which would later pave the way for today 's wildly popular Mixed Martial Arts contests . Before his return to politics he was a regular fixture on Japanese TV variety shows and has promoted a slew of products , from hot sauce to banks . The maverick politician also traveled to Iraq in 1990 to try to secure the release of Japanese hostages , and has more recently attempted to replicate former NBA star Dennis Rodman 's "  basketball diplomacy " by staging a wrestling tournament in North Korea . He reportedly converted to Islam in the 1990s , although he says he practices both Islam and Buddhism . The lawmaker , who is universally known in Japan for his colossal chin and once-ever-present red scarf -- these days often replaced with a red necktie -- as much as for his political achievements , had asked a Upper House Budget Committee meeting if aircraft were ever scrambled to meet extraterrestrial threats , and if research was being done into alien visitors , prompting Nakatani 's response . Inoki also claims to have seen a UFO with his own eyes , but admitted that he did n't know personally if aliens existed . The exchange was n't the first time Japanese politicians have discussed the implications of visitors from another planet . In 2007 then-Defense Minister Shigeru Ishiba pondered the legal ramifications , under Japan 's pacifist constitution , of a defense against an invasion from outer space . READ MORE : Japan unveils Izumo , its largest warship since World War II	Japan 's top military official earnestly revealed that the country 's Self Defense Force  SDF  had never encountered a UFO Celebrity politician and former wrestler Antonio Inoki had posed a question concerning extraterrestrials to a government committee
More than three decades after the arrest of serial killer John Wayne Gacy , authorities in Chicago have launched a new effort to identify eight of his 33 victims . The Cook County Sheriff 's Office says new technology has allowed it to obtain DNA profiles for the eight victims , whose remains were recovered from Gacy 's house in late 1978 and early 1979 but were never identified . "  These were eight young men who had futures , and one of the most evil people to ever be on this planet destroyed their lives , " Sheriff Thomas Dart said Wednesday . Gacy was convicted in 1980 of raping and killing 33 boys and young men he had lured into his home over a period of six years , promising them construction jobs , drugs and alcohol , or by posing as a police officer or offering money for sex . Twenty-eight of the bodies were discovered under and around Gacy 's home , with most found in the 40-foot crawl space beneath the house and garage . Gacy said there were four others he had thrown into the Des Plaines River . Gacy was put to death in 1994 . The latest effort to identify the eight victims began this year when the sheriff 's office decided to clear dozens of the department 's cold case investigations . The eight unknown Gacy victims make up the department 's largest cold case , so Dart approved their exhumations in order to obtain new DNA evidence and , if possible , identify them . Authorities used the DNA samples to compile profiles of each of the eight victims . It shows that they are white males between 14 and 32 years old , and authorities have even listed the approximate dates of their disappearances . The department is now seeking family members who had a male relative go missing in the 1970s and are willing to donate a DNA sample for comparison . "  The public coming forward will allow us to do DNA matches that were not available 30 years ago , " Dart said Wednesday . "  It 's not intrusive . It 's something that is very straightforward . We have hot lines , websites set up for people to contact us , and in short order , we can conduct any of the matches that need to be done . " After Gacy 's arrest , authorities learned that some of his identified victims had never been reported missing , the sheriff 's office said . One reason was that the victims had been estranged from their families . Another possible reason is that the relevant missing persons reports never made it to Chicago . Gacy was known to have targeted bus stations , the sheriff 's office said , seeking victims who were traveling . Those interested in giving a DNA sample can contact the Cook County Sheriff 's Office at 1-800-942-1950 or www.cookcountysheriff.com .	Authorities want to identify eight of John Wayne Gacy 's victims They are among 33 men and boys Gacy killed in the 1970s Police hope new DNA technology can help identify the remains
CNN  As a former football player with both an imposing physique and personality , few people have felt comfortable calling "  Suge " Knight by his birth name , Marion . Even Suge is short for a family nickname that hardly seemed fitting for one of hip-hop 's most feared impresarios : "  Sugar Bear . " Being known as big and cuddly is not how Knight rose to fame . Instead he is best known for helping promote West Coast rap in a field that had long been dominated by East Coast artists -- and elevating an East Coast/West Coast hip-hop feud to a level that many still hold accountable for the deaths of two of the genre 's biggest stars . How the co-founder of Death Row Records -- who is being held in connection with one 's man death in an alleged purposeful hit-and-run -- came to be considered such a tough guy is equal parts legend and rap sheet . Born in Compton , California , as the youngest of three children and the only son , Knight had sports ability and size , earning a football scholarship to the University of Nevada , Las Vegas . His former coach told the Las Vegas Sun in 1996 that Knight was a good kid . "  He was n't a problem guy at all , " said Wayne Nunnely , who was school 's head coach in 1986 when Knight played there and who later went to work for the New Orleans Saints . "  You did n't really see that street roughness about him . " Knight briefly played as a defensive lineman for the Los Angeles Rams before becoming a bodyguard for singer Bobby Brown . That gig did n't last long but helped give him a larger glimpse into the music industry . Being from Compton , Knight had for years been friends with fellow native Andre "  Dr. Dre " Young , a member of the controversial rap group N.W.A. Its hard-core songs include "  F *** tha Police , " which helped form the basis for what became known as "  gangsta rap . " The oft-repeated tale is that to get Young released from his contract with Ruthless Records owned by fellow N.W.A. member Eric "  Eazy - E " Wright , Knight appeared at the label 's offices with a group of men armed with pipes and baseball bats . "  I know you 've heard all the stories , " Knight told a New York Times Magazine writer in 1996 about the incident . "  But you have to realize one thing : results . " Young was eventually released from his contract and became Knight 's flagship artist when he co-founded Death Row Records in 1991 . Another infamous story had Knight dangling rapper Vanilla Ice over a balcony to get the latter to share the profits from his hit song "  Ice Ice Baby . " The rapper , whose legal name is Robert Van Winkle , has since said the incident has been exaggerated . "  I went to my hotel room and Suge was in there with several people , " Van Winkle said during a 1999 VH1 "  Behind the Music " episode about his career . "  He let me know he wanted to get some points off the record ` Ice Ice Baby . ' Suge took me out on the balcony , started talking to me personally . He had me look over the edge , showing me how high I was up there . I needed to wear a diaper that day . I was an ` investor ' in Death Row Records with no return on my money . " The rapper added , "  He did n't hang me off from any balcony , okay . The story 's been kind of blown out of proportion and I want to clarify that Suge and I have no bad feelings towards each other . " Knight 's roster of artists included several who were no strangers to violence and run-ins with the law , including Snoop Doggy Dogg  later known as Snoop Dogg and Snoop Lion  and Tupac Shakur . In 1994 Shakur accused producer Sean "  Puffy " Combs and rapper Christopher "  Biggie Smalls " Wallace with being involved in an incident at a New York studio in 1994 in which Shakur was shot . Both Combs  who over the years has also been known as "  Puff Daddy , "  Diddy " and "  P. Diddy "  and Wallace denied the accusations . But the tensions intensified in 1995 after Knight gave a speech at the Source Awards , where he said , "  Any artist out there that want to be an artist and stay a star , and do n't have to worry about the executive producer trying to be all in the videos , all on the record , dancing ... come to Death Row ! " Many took the comments as a direct dig at Combs , who often appeared in his artists ' music videos . The following month Jake Robles , a Death Row employee , was killed during a late-night party in Atlanta in which both Knight and Combs were present with their entourages . Those from Knight 's camp blamed Combs ' bodyguard , and the death brought public visibility to what was known as the East Coast/West Coast rap war . Knight was driving the car in which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996 . The following year Wallace was shot to death while riding in a caravan in Los Angles that included his friend and mentor Combs . There was speculation that both of the deaths were tied to the feud , though the slayings remain unsolved . In 1996 , Knight was sent to prison for almost five years for assaulting a man in a Las Vegas hotel on the night Shakur was killed . In 2002 , he was jailed for violating his probation by associating with known gang members and again the following year for punching a parking attendant outside a Hollywood nightclub . In 2005 , Knight was shot in the right leg at a party in Miami held in honor of Kanye West 's planned appearance before the MTV Video Music Awards . History repeated itself in August 2014 when Knight was shot six times at another pre-VMAs party , this one hosted by singer Chris Brown . In October , Knight and comedian Micah "  Katt " Williams were arrested for allegedly stealing a photographer 's camera . His legal issues and the departure of many of his top acts resulted in Knight 's label filing for bankruptcy in 2006 . In an interview with Rolling Stone in 2013 to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Snoop 's debut album , "  Doggystyle , " Knight portrayed his label as a trailblazer . "  Death Row was n't only a black-owned record label , Death Row was pretty much the only American-owned record label , " he said . "  Everything else was either Sony or some other thing . "  It became the blueprint for any label that 's out , including the majors , " he said . "  I was the first person doing 360-degree deals with all the artists ; the majors would tell the artists , ` It 's the worst piece of s ** t deal in the world , do n't go for it . ' And now they 're doing it . "	Marion "  Suge " Knight is a former football player Stories proliferate of him using intimidation in business He once told a reporter that he got "  results "
CNN  -- Bahrain 's ambassador to France has been accused of sexually assaulting a former employee and is under investigation by prosecutors , authorities in France said Thursday . A formal complaint against Nasser Al-Belooshi was filed Monday , said Marie-Josephine Marchal , a press officer for the prosecutor 's office in the city of Nanterre . Al-Belooshi "  forcefully " denied the allegations , calling them "  inaccurate and unfounded , " according to the official Bahrain News Agency . The ambassador "  remains at the disposal of the French authorities to shed light on these false accusations , " the news agency said Wednesday . French Foreign Ministry spokesman Bernard Valero commented on the case Tuesday but did not name the envoy or say what country he came from . Valero referred to news reports suggesting the ambassador 's wife and son were also suspected of wrongdoing . "  To my knowledge , the ambassador and his wife are in the diplomatic list and therefore have diplomatic immunity , and the son does not , " Valero said Tuesday .	NEW : Prosecutors say a complaint of sexual assault was filed Monday French Foreign Ministry declines to name envoy or country involved Bahrain 's ambassador "  forcefully " denies assaulting the former employee The ministry raises the possibility the envoy 's wife and son may be implicated
Fort Meade , Maryland  CNN  -- After four days of testimony and 20 prosecution witnesses , Pfc. Bradley Manning 's defense attorney spent only 35 minutes Wednesday questioning just two witnesses before resting their case . Manning is accused of committing the biggest intelligence leak in U.S. history . His Article 32 hearing is part of the military 's process of determining whether he should face court martial . The first defense witness called was Sgt. Daniel Padgett who served with Manning in Iraq and witnessed one of several angry outbursts witnesses have described . Padgett was the senior enlisted man on the night shift in the intelligence office where Manning worked . He testified that in December 2009 , Manning was late for duty and they sat down in a conference room so Padgett could counsel him . Padgett said when they began talking , Manning was calm , but that he began to change . At some point , said Padgett , Manning grabbed the conference room table and turned the table over , knocking a computer and radio to the floor . Because there was a rifle in the room , Padgett testified that he did n't want Manning to get his hands on it , so "  I coaxed him away from that , put my hands on his shoulder and coaxed him away . " At that point another soldier came in the room , subdued Manning , sat him down and Padgett continued counseling him , Padgett testified . When asked by Manning 's attorney David Coombs if Padgett remembered Master Sgt. Paul Adkins , the senior enlisted man in the unit , talking with him about the incident , Padgett said "  vaguely . " Padgett testified said he did not discuss the outburst with the major who oversaw the intelligence analysis officers , the company 's first sergeant nor the company commander . Manning was not moved out of the intelligence office after the outburst and did not lose his security clearance as a result of the outburst . Coombs has argued that the Army should have known about Manning 's emotional issues and kept him away from classified materials . Manning is accused of stealing and leaking nearly three-quarters of a million classified documents from the State Department and the Defense Department to the WikiLeaks website , which published many of them . The leaks occurred while Manning was serving as an intelligence analyst in Iraq in 2009 and 2010 . Prosecution witnesses testified that Manning downloaded and leaked 400,000 DoD field reports from Iraq and 90,0000 similar documents from Afghanistan . There was also evidence presented that he downloaded and leaked more than 250,000 State Department cables . Coomb 's second witness , Capt. Barclay Keay , testified by phone about his time with Manning 's unit . For a short time in December 2009 , he was an officer in the intelligence analysis office where Manning worked . Keay said he often saw soldiers listening to music in the office where classified materials were analyzed . At first he thought it was not proper , but he was told it was "  an accepted practice " that was "  tolerated because it helped soldiers be more productive . " In news reports before the hearing , Manning is said to have bragged in a chat room that he was able to download materials onto a CD while pretending to listen to Lady Gaga . Keay told the hearing , "  I do feel like he wanted to be a good soldier . He did good analytical work . " Even though he called only two , Coombs had requested 48 witnesses , ten of whom were already on the prosecution witness list . The investigating officer overseeing the case granted those ten and two other defense witnesses who were not on the prosecution list . He rejected other requested defense witnesses , including President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Mark Zaid , a national security attorney , said the fact the defense called only two witnesses is not surprising . "  For one thing , an Article 32  hearing  serves as an opportunity for the defense to obtain pre-trial discovery , and particularly information they do not know . Additionally , the likelihood of stopping charges from going forward is non-existent in this case so there is little value in telegraphing to the prosecution information the defense may possess but might not yet have revealed , " said Zaid . Closing arguments from both sides are scheduled to start Thursday morning . After that the Investigating Officer , Lt. Col. Paul Almanza , who oversaw the hearing , will consider the testimony and evidence and make a recommendation as to whether Manning should face court martial and if so , on which charges . The burden of proof at this level of the military justice system is "  whether reasonable grounds exist to believe that the accused committed the offenses alleged . " The Special Court Martial Convening Authority , Col. Carl Coffman , has given Almanza until Jan. 16 , 2012 to submit his recommendation . But , if needed , Almanza can request more time . Witnesses for the prosecution have characterized Manning as being troubled by Army discipline and testified that he allegedly bragged on the Internet about the leak of classified documents . Army investigators also testified that they found evidence linking Manning to the leaked documents on computers he used . Prosecutors have leveled 22 charges against the Army private , including aiding the enemy . If convicted on all counts , he could face the death penalty . However , Army prosecutors have signaled they will not recommend death in the event of a conviction , and it is unlikely they would be overruled by a senior officer . On Tuesday , a convicted computer hacker from California who became a confidential informant for the Army testified about six days of online chats that he had with someone he believes was Manning . Adrian Lamo said he traded instant messages in a chat format with someone self-identified as Bradass87 . Lamo testified that based on an e-mail he received from Manning , as well as an examination of Manning 's Facebook page , that Bradass87 was Manning . Army Criminal Investigation Command Special Agent David Shaver later testified that the chat logs that Lamo provided to the Army largely matched chat logs found on Manning 's computer in Iraq .	NEW : Manning 's defense calls only two witnesses NEW : Witness tells hearing about Manning outburst Former hacker says he traded e-mails with someone he believes was Manning
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- The prosecution and defense have made their cases , and now Judge Thokozile Masipa must decide : Did Oscar Pistorius intentionally kill his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp ? Was it murder ? The verdict is expected September 11 . The judge has to answer several questions to reach her verdict on the murder charge , one of four charges Pistorius faces . First -- and most important -- did Pistorius know Steenkamp was behind the door in his bathroom when he fired four shots through it on Valentine 's Day last year , killing her ? If the answer is yes , beyond a reasonable doubt , Pistorius knew he was shooting at his girlfriend , then the judge will find him guilty of murder . Later , she 'll have to decide whether it was premeditated . If she thinks it was , he could be sentenced to life in prison . In South Africa that means he 'll have to serve at least 25 years . If she thinks the murder was n't premeditated , Pistorius could get a minimum of 15 years behind bars . But if Masipa is not convinced that Pistorius knew Steenkamp was behind the door -- if there is any reasonable doubt of that -- he will not be convicted of murder . Pistorius argues he made a mistake -- that he thought was trying to defend himself from an intruder . If Masipa accepts that as plausible , she will then have to decide if his mistake and his actions were reasonable . If she says they were not , she 'll find him guilty of a crime called culpable homicide . There is no minimum sentence for culpable homicide in South African law -- Masipa will decide the punishment herself , taking South African precedent into account . And there 's one final possibility . If the judge does not think the prosecution has proved its case -- if she believes there is a reasonable chance Pistorius made a reasonable mistake and responded reasonably -- she will find him not guilty , and Oscar Pistorius could be a free man . Masipa will make her decision with the assistance of two experts known as assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . Lesser charges Pistorius faces three other weapons charges in addition to the murder accusation . Two charges are related to allegations that he recklessly fired a gun in public -- once in a restaurant in 2012 , and once out of the sunroof of a car in 2013 . Pistorius denies both . The maximum penalty for each charge is five years behind bars . If he is convicted of either , he could face a lesser sentence , such as a fine or the loss of his gun license . The final charge is that Pistorius was found to have ammunition without a proper license when police searched his home after he killed Steenkamp . Pistorius says he was storing the ammunition in his safe for his father . The charge is potentially a very serious one . If he is found guilty , he could face up to 15 years in prison , though Masipa could opt for a lesser punishment such as a fine or the loss of his gun license . Oscar Pistorius trial closing arguments end Who was Reeva Steenkamp ? Who is ` Blade Runner ' Oscar Pistorius ? CNN 's Robyn Curnow contributed to this report .	Judge Thokozile Masipa must answer several questions to determine her ruling If Pistorius knew he was shooting at Reeva Steenkamp , he committed murder If he did not , the verdict hinges on whether Pistorius acted reasonably The sentence could be anything up to 25 years , depending on the verdict
Apparently working under the impression that they understand the science of sexuality better than the World Health Organization or the American Medical or Psychological or Psychiatric associations , Texas Republicans made a bold statement last weekend . With zero debate , they adopted a party platform that includes support for a widely discredited form of mental health "  treatment " known as "  reparative therapy . " Also called "  conversion therapy , " this dangerous pseudo-medical practice aimed at transforming homosexuals into heterosexuals has been widely demonstrated to be both ineffective and harmful , not to mention offensive . The clearly misguided assumption underlying such therapy is the belief  often reinforced by self-serving interpretations of any number of religious texts  that homosexuality is a disease . However , much like drapetomania  the pseudo-scientific "  disease " an enterprising white man conveniently identified in the mid-19th century was described as the condition that led black slaves to attempt escape  , homosexuality is in fact not an illness , but rather a fact of human nature . And rejecting human nature can have devastating effects on the psyche , demonstrating that if there is a real disease that needs fixing here , it 's homophobia , not homosexuality . Lesbian , gay and bisexual youth experience significantly increased risk for suicide than their heterosexual peers . In fact , as cited by the Trevor Project , a nonprofit organization that provides LGBT youth with crisis intervention and suicide prevention services , LGB youth are four times more likely than their heterosexual peers to attempt suicide , and their attempts are four to six times more likely to result in injuries that require medical attention . Moreover , LGB youth from highly unsupportive families  like the kinds that would be drawn to conversion therapy  are more than eight times more likely to have attempted suicide as those from more accepting and supportive households . Recognizing this , both New Jersey and California have banned conversion therapy for minors , and other states are considering similar initiatives . By explicitly supporting such pseudo-therapy , the Texas Republican party has done more than simply turn a blind eye to science and the potentially deadly consequences of the negative attitudes and self-hatred that such "  treatments " reinforce . It has reminded us just how out of touch the Texas GOP can be -- not only regarding modern medicine , but also with respect to the future of their own party . According to the Pew Research Center , 61 % of Republicans under 30 support same-sex marriage . That 's only 1 percentage point less than that of Democrats over the age of 65 who support it . In short , the dinosaurs behind embarrassing and discriminatory platforms like this are guaranteeing their own extinction by clinging onto closed-minded convictions that are clearly on the way out . But there is hope . As it turns out , some of the most seemingly anti-gay individuals are in fact responding to an internalized homophobia in conflict with their own homosexuality . Keeping this and the aforementioned statistics in mind , I propose that Texas Republicans step into the 21st century by adopting a different kind of conversion therapy -- namely , one that replaces fear and bigotry with knowledge , acceptance and respect .	Texas GOP endorsed "  reparative therapy " to convert gays to straight orientation Melody Moezzi says such therapy is n't recognized by legitimate science She says two states have banned the therapy for minors Moezzi : Young Republicans are going to be repelled by such decisions
CNN  -- When Dr. Rachel Wellner got a text from her brother Tuesday night that his wife was in labor , she was speaking at a fancy charity event for breast cancer research . As soon as her speech was over , she raced in her evening gown to Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan to watch her nephew , Lincoln Jacob Wellner , come into the world . Holding the newborn baby in the delivery room , Wellner , 36 , was overwhelmed with joy , but it was tinged with sadness as she wondered when -- or whether -- she would ever have a baby of her own . An accomplished breast surgeon , Wellner has no husband in sight . Then she relaxed as she remembered what awaited her 50 blocks away : 13 eggs frozen in a bank at New York University Fertility Center . If by the time Wellner gets married the eggs in her ovaries are too old to work , she can thaw out her frozen eggs , have them fertilized with her husband 's sperm and implanted into her uterus , and hope that her younger eggs will succeed where her older eggs failed . Freezing eggs for one 's own future use has become a growing trend , with an estimated 5,000 women nationwide making use of the technology , according to Dr. Daniel Shapiro , medical director of the egg bank at Reproductive Biology Associates in Atlanta . "  I 'm really hoping I find Mr. Right soon , but if I do n't , having those eggs in the bank is a big weight off my shoulders , " says Wellner , who banked her eggs in June . "  It empowers women , " adds Dr. Jamie Grifo , program director of the New York University Fertility Center . "  Patients get to be their own egg donors . " Entertainment journalist Maria Menounos made news last week when she announced she 's freezing her eggs , but it turns out she 's actually doing something different -- read The Chart to find out what . "  It 's an insurance policy , " says Wellner , director of breast services at the New York Eye and Ear Infirmary . "  Maybe now I 'll be one of those lucky girls who has babies later in life . " "  I never thought I would n't have kids at this point . " Freezing your eggs may be an insurance policy , but it 's an expensive one . It costs thousands of dollars  or in some cases , tens of thousands of dollars  and it does n't always work . Plenty of things can go wrong . Wellner 's 13 eggs might not survive the freezing process . They might not create viable embryos when mixed with her future husband 's sperm . And , even more likely , they might not attach to her uterus when doctors implant them . That 's why the American Society for Reproductive Medicine has n't endorsed egg freezing , calling it experimental and unproven . "  Patients need to be advised there are some things we do n't know , " says Dr. Eric Widra , a spokesman for ASRM . Pamela Madsen , founder of the American Fertility Association , says a woman has to decide whether it 's worth it to take the financial risk . "  If not having a baby is not an option , then I 'd go to Vegas and play my cards , knowing that it 's Vegas , " she says . If you 're considering preserving your eggs , here are five basic questions and answers : 1 . How much will it cost ? Centers charge between $ 6,500 and $ 15,000 per cycle , according to Dr. Andrew Toledo , the CEO of Reproductive Biology Associates in Atlanta . RBA in Atlanta charges $ 7,600 per cycle , and NYU charges $ 12,000 . Some women need more than one cycle to get enough viable eggs . 2 . Will it work ? Shapiro at RBA estimates that a woman who freezes her eggs between the ages of 32 and 35 will have a 40 to 50 % chance of achieving a successful pregnancy . If freezing between ages 35 and 38 , the rate goes down to 35 % . If freezing at 39 or 40 , it 's 20 to 25 % , and if freezing eggs over age 40 , the success rate will be less than 10 % . 3 . Can I find out in advance if it 's worth the money to freeze my eggs ? A test for levels of anti-Mullerian hormone can help predict whether doctors will get enough eggs to make the procedure worthwhile . "  If the results are unfavorable , we say they 're probably wasting their time and money , " Shapiro says . 4 . What 's involved in freezing my eggs ? The procedure involves injecting yourself with medicines for 10 days , visiting the doctor  s office five or six times . About two days later , doctors will harvest your eggs while you  re under twilight sedation . Most women feel little pain aside from a bit of cramping and breast tenderness , and go back to work the next day . 5 . How do I find the best place to freeze my eggs ? "  Make them show you their data , " Toledo advises . "  How many patients have they treated ? How many eggs did they get ? What is the data on survivability when they 're thawed ? " Wellner says even if her eggs do n't work when she thaws them out , it was worth the financial risk . "  I spent all this money on my education . Twelve thousand dollars on my reproductive future is relatively inexpensive , " she says .	An estimated 5,000 women nationwide are using egg-freezing technology Process costs thousands of dollars and it does n't always work American Society for Reproductive Medicine has n't endorsed egg freezing
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The militants behind Wednesday 's deadly strike on a Pakistani marketplace that killed at least 90 people -- most of them women -- are "  on the losing side of history , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said at a joint news conference with her Pakistani counterpart . "  If the people behind the attacks were so sure of their beliefs let them join the political process , let them come forth to the people and make their case that they do n't want girls to go to school , that they want women to be kept back , that they believe they have all the answers , " Clinton said in response to the car bombing in Peshawar . "  They know they are on the losing side of history but they are determined to take as many lives with them as their movement is finally exposed for the nihilistic , empty effort that it is . " Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi also condemned the deadly attack , offering his condolences to the victims and their families and directly addressing the attackers . "  We will not buckle , we will fight you because we want stability and peace in Pakistan , " Qureshi said . "  You are on the run and we know that . We defeated you in Swat and Malakand . You think by attacking innocent people and lives you will shake our determination ? No , sir , you will not . " The blast at the Meena Bazaar killed at least 90 people , most of them women , and injured more than 200 others , according to North West Frontier Province 's information minister . The market is a labyrinth of shops popular with women in the Peepal Mandi section of the city . The attack is the deadliest ever carried out in Peshawar , the capital of North West Frontier Province . Clinton arrived in Pakistan on Wednesday for a series of meetings with top Pakistani officials . Talking with reporters en route to the country , Clinton said she wants to "  turn the page " on what has been , in the past few years , "  primarily a security-anti-terrorist agenda . " "  We hold that to be extremely important , and it remains a very high priority , " she said . "  But we also recognize that it is imperative that we broaden our engagement with Pakistan . " Clinton said there have been "  a lot of misconceptions " about American intentions . "  We have a relationship that we want to strengthen , but we do n't want it to be lopsided . We do n't want it to be just about security and just about our anti-terrorist agenda , " she said . "  It is unfortunate that there are those who question our motives , who perhaps are skeptical that we are going to commit to a long-term relationship , and I want to try to clear the air up on that while I am in the country , " she said .	Clinton condemns bombing of Peshawar market which killed at least 90 people Wednesday Of militants who carried out the attacks , she said : "  They are on the losing side of history " The U.S. Secretary of State is in Pakistan to shore up strained relations Clinton said relationship is about more than security and anti-terror campaign
LONDON , England  CNN  -- FIFA will announce its Player of the Year for 2008 at a ceremony in Zurich today , and here is a look at the leading contenders for the award . Favorite : Portugal and Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo is in line for the FIFA award . To see the full list of contenders for the prize and vote for who you think should win , click here . Cristiano Ronaldo  Manchester United , Portugal Ronaldo has emerged as favorite for the award after he and his Manchester United club enjoyed a superb season . The Portugal international was a central figure in the club 's English Premier League , UEFA Champions League and World Club Championships titles . He scored 42 goals in the season . Critics would say he did n't perform well enough on the international stage , as Portugal exited at the quarter-final stage of Euro 2008 , and Ronaldo was disappointing . However , he has already picked up the Ballon d'Or award for Europe 's player of the year , and for the previous three years the winner of this has gone on to claim the FIFA prize  Ronaldinho , Fabio Cannavaro and Kaka  . Lionel Messi  Barcelona , Argentina Messi appears to be Ronaldo 's main challenger for the prize -- if public opinion matters , anyway . Messi won an Olympic gold medal with Argentina and made a stunning start to the current season with Barcelona . In the Primera Liga his 10 goals early in the season helped open up a significant gap on the side 's main rivals , and he has also scored five goals in the UEFA Champions League season . The 21-year-old is often compared to Argentina 's legendary Diego Maradona . Fernando Torres  Liverpool , Spain The Spaniard enjoyed an incredible first season in the Premier League -- scoring 24 league goals for Liverpool -- a new record for a foreign striker in his debut season . After that success he went on to Austria-Switzerland and played an integral part in Spain 's Euro 2008 victory , scoring the winning goal in the final . If top-level international performances are the key to this award then Torres should go close . Iker Casillas  Real Madrid , Spain Casillas was recently awarded the Best Keeper of the World in 2008 title by the International Federation of Football History and Statistics . Casillas played a large part in helping his Real Madrid side to the Spanish La Liga title , put in strong performances in the UEFA Champions League , and was a key part of Spain 's Euro 2008-winning team . Xavi Hernandez  Barcelona , Spain Also part of the Spanish team which won Euro 2008 , Xavi claimed the Player of the Tournament award , which would make him a worthy winner of the FIFA Player of the Year . Aside from his stunning performances at Euro , Xavi scored seven goals for Barcelona last season , and was one of their standout players , while this season he has continued his good form and helped Barcelona to the top of La Liga .	FIFA will announce its Player of the Year for 2008 in Zurich Monday evening Cristiano Ronaldo has been tipped as a favorite to win the award Lionel Messi , Fernando Torres , Iker Casillas and Xavi are top contenders
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- Paul Ryan 's journey from congressman to vice-presidential candidate was cloaked in secrecy worthy of a big-screen thriller . In the culminating scene , Ryan -- policy wonk , statistics nerd , father of three -- crept through the woods behind his Wisconsin home for a clandestine pickup by a top aide Friday afternoon . For Ryan , who days earlier had agreed to become the running mate of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , it was only the latest episode in an elaborate campaign undertaking designed to escape detection before the candidate 's formal announcement in Norfolk , Virginia , on Saturday . Bold VP pick could woo key voters Longtime Romney aide Beth Myers ran the former Massachussetts governor 's four-month vice-presidential search and played a key role in the cloak-and-dagger aspect of those final days . She briefed reporters on the entire process Saturday afternoon . The search began in early April with a large group of potential picks . Throughout the process , Myers and Romney were compulsively careful to prevent any information from leaking to the press . As the months progressed and the research documents on each possible name grew -- including "  several years " of tax returns that each potential candidate submitted , Myers said -- all the paperwork was stored overnight in a safe in a secure room at the campaign headquarters in Boston . No copies were made of the material , and all work on the vice-presidential effort was done in that room . Four months later , after consulting with "  a lot " of other people and a final "  gut check " with his top advisers , Romney decided Paul Ryan was his choice , Myers said . That day , August 1 , the presumptive GOP nominee placed a call to Ryan from Myers ' office in the campaign headquarters requesting a meeting . The next day , Romney called a man many considered to be at the top of his vice-presidential list , former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , to inform his former rival he had not been chosen . Romney called the others on his short list the day before his announcement . On Sunday , August 5 , the campaign initiated an array of evasive maneuvers . "  We gave a lot of thought on how to make this work undetected , " Myers told reporters in a briefing at Dulles Airport in Washington on Saturday . Romney 's choice of Ryan changes the race A major figure in the effort : Myers ' 19-year-old son Curt , who was designated to chauffeur Ryan to and from the airport for his meeting with Romney . Ryan caught a flight from Chicago to Hartford , Connecticut , on Sunday . The campaign asked him to dress casually , Myers said . "  Paul was wearing jeans , a casual shirt , baseball hat and sunglasses and passed unnoticed through both airports , " she said . Curt Myers drove Ryan to his family 's home in Brookline , Massachusetts . Romney came down from his New Hampshire summer home , and the two men met for about an hour in the Myerses ' dining room . How Ryan could help Romney "  It was a little longer than an hour , actually , " Romney said . "  Oh , we talked about the campaign and how it would be run and talked about how we 'd work together if we get the White House -- what the relations would be , how we 'd interact and be involved in important decisions . But we talked about our families -- what this meant for them , what kind of challenge it meant -- those are the topics we discussed . " When the two left the dining room , "  it was all set , " Myers said . Then , after Romney had left , Ryan received word of the deadly rampage at a Sikh temple in his Wisconsin district . He spoke with his aides about the crisis while at Myers ' home , and returned home to Wisconsin unnoticed . Later in the week , a memorial service for the victims of the shooting prompted the campaign to change its planned announcement . Myers said the vice-presidential event was originally slated for Friday in New Hampshire , but that date conflicted with the service . So the campaign settled on Norfolk , the first city Romney would visit on his upcoming bus tour . Paul Ryan through the years Which brings the saga back to the wooded area behind Ryan 's home . After he returned from the memorial service on Friday , Ryan walked in his front door , through the house and out the back , through the woods , and ended up at the driveway of the house where , coincidentally , he had grown up . "  It was n't that far of a walk , " Ryan laughed in a conversation with reporters on a campaign charter from Washington to North Carolina on Saturday . "  I just went out my back door , went through the gully in the woods I grew up playing in . I walked past the fort I built back there . " The Ryan aide who had dropped him off in front of his home then picked Ryan up at the driveway of the other home and drove an hour to a small plane chartered by the campaign at the airport in Waukegan , Illinois , where Ryan met his family . They flew to another tiny airport , in Elizabeth City , North Carolina , where Curt Myers was again waiting to play a role in the drama . He drove the family to the Fairfield Inn in Elizabeth City , where Beth Myers and several other Romney advisers huddled with Ryan . Curt Myers picked up food from Applebee 's for the group , and Beth Myers said : "  Everyone was pretty tired so we did a little speech prep and went to bed . " The next morning a member of the Secret Service met the two-vehicle caravan , and Ryan was driven to the Romney announcement event in Norfolk . At the end of that day , Ryan was still reeling to take in the life-changing experience . "  It 's gone from the surreal to the real , I guess , " he said Paul Ryan economics : 5 things to know Romney , Ryan to campaign ` on different tracks ' until convention Axelrod : Ryan a ` right wing ideologue '	Ryan took secret trip to meet with Romney before he was picked Longtime aide Beth Myers worked with Romney to prevent leaks to media All the candidates ' records were kept in a safe in campaign HQ Memorial for victims of Sikh temple shooting delayed rollout by a day
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A congressional investigation has exposed gaping holes in security eight years after the September 11 terrorist attacks , a government report says . An investigator used fake documents to obtain a U.S. passport , a congressional report says . An investigator used a false identification to obtain a U.S. passport and then used the passport to get an airline boarding pass and go through an airport security checkpoint , according to the Government Accountability Office . The GAO , the investigative arm of Congress , said its undercover investigator conducted four tests of the passport issuance system and "  easily " obtained passports every time . Individuals with "  even minimal counterfeiting capabilities " can obtain genuine U.S. passports , which can be used to travel overseas , open bank accounts and prove U.S. citizenship , the GAO report says . In the "  most egregious " case , it says , the investigator used the Social Security number of a man who died in 1965 to obtain a Social Security card . In another case , he used the Social Security number of a 5-year-old child and obtained a passport , even though his counterfeit documents and application indicated he was 53 years old . "  A U.S. passport is a key to virtually anywhere in the world , " said Sen. John Kyl , R-Arizona . "  It is very troubling that in the years since the September 11 attacks someone could use fraudulent documents to obtain a U.S. passport . " Kyl and Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , both members of the Senate Judiciary Committee 's subcommittee on terrorism , requested the test . To perform the test , the GAO designed four scenarios . In each , an investigator simulated the actions of a malicious person involved in identity theft , then created fake documents using "  off-the-shelf , commercially available hardware , software , and materials . " The investigator used the counterfeit documents to obtain a genuine Washington , D.C. , identification card . For three of the tests , the undercover investigator submitted passport applications and supporting materials at U.S. Postal Service locations that accept passport applications . For the remaining test , it submitted the application and materials to the State Department 's regional passport office in Washington . "  State and USPS employees did not identify our documents as counterfeit in any of our four tests , " the GAO report says . The State Department "  issued a genuine U.S. passport in each case . " "  All four passports were issued to the same GAO investigator , under four different names , " it says . The tests occurred between July and December of last year . A State Department spokesman was not immediately available for comment . But the GAO said in the report that State Department officials "  agreed that our findings expose a major vulnerability " in the passport issuance process . State Department officials said the department 's ability to verify the information submitted "  is hampered by limitations to its information-sharing and data access with other agencies at the federal and state levels . " Some agencies wo n't share information because of privacy concerns , or because the State Department is not a law enforcement agency . Also , the department , like other government agencies , has difficulty verifying birth certificates because there are thousands of acceptable formats for them .	Congressional investigation reveals gaps in verification process Investigator obtained false passports on four of four attempts Fake documents used to obtain airline boarding pass "  Findings expose a major vulnerability , " State Department says
CNN  -- The most decorated skier in U.S. history is out for the season -- but not for the rest of her career , experts say , thanks to dramatic advances in treating even some of the worst kinds of knee injuries . Lindsey Vonn , 28 , was taking a run on the opening day of the Alpine Ski World Championships in Austria when she crashed Tuesday . Heart-stopping video of the crash shows Vann shoot over a hill and attempt to land the jump off-balance . Her right knee twists and slams into the mountain , causing her to flip over and smack into a gate . Vonn had to be airlifted off the mountain . On the video , she can be heard screaming in pain through the rescue operation . Doctors will have a better sense of Vonn 's injuries once the swelling goes down and the fluid decreases , experts say . As of Wednesday , the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Association said Vonn had been evaluated and released from the Schladming Hospital . Dr. Christian Kaulfersch , who treated Vonn at the Austrian hospital , said she does n't need surgery right away , but that she suffered from a "  complex torn ligament " in her right knee . Her anterior cruciate ligament  ACL  and medial collateral ligament  MCL  are torn and Vonn has a lateral fracture of the tibial plateau , the upper end of the tibia or shin bone . Vonn faces race against time ACL tears do require surgery , but MCL tears can heal on their own , according to doctors . It 's the tibial plateau fracture that will need a much closer look and is the wild card in how long recovery may take , doctors say . First , Vonn will need time . The time will allow the MCL ligament and tibia break to heal on its own , depending on its severity , according to Dr. Jeffrey Webb , a professor of orthopaedics and sports medicine specialist at the Emory Sports Medicine Center . He 's seen a lot of knee injuries over the years as the team doctor for the NFL 's Atlanta Falcons . "  With an MCL tear , you let it heal for two to four weeks and let the scar tissue build up , and only then do you want to go in and do the ACL reconstruction , " Webb said . During this time , Vonn will likely wear a brace and try to get some motion back . It 'll be painful to walk , so she 'll be on crutches or even in a wheelchair . Doctors will continue to run tests to determine the extent of the injury . Doctors will use MRIs and CAT scans to determine what approach they 'll have to take for the broken tibia . And only then will surgeons go in and repair the ACL and figure out if the MCL and bone break needs surgery . "  Back in the 1970s and 1980s we 'd call this a career-ender of an injury , because doctors back then did n't know how to fix it , but we have better techniques and more practice at it , so we now call this injury -- even as horrific as it looked -- a ` career delayer , ' " said Webb . While the rate of injury for skiing overall has declined over the past 60 years because of better equipment and training , knee injuries remain common in the sport , particularly among women , according to a 2003 study . Alpine skiiers "  hold the notorious distinction of having among the highest rates of ACL injury of any activity or sport , " study authors wrote . "  She 's an amazing athlete . Just the amount of training and work that she puts in , I 've seen firsthand in the past . If anyone 's going to come back , she can , " said Dr. Michael J. Rossi , one of the study 's co-authors and an orthopaedic surgeon who works with the U.S. ski team under the direction of Dr. J. Richard Steadman . Champion skier Lindsey Vonn vows to fight on in bid to race the men Recovery for a weekend-type athlete would be at least nine months , according to Webb . Recovery for a world-class athlete like Vonn is more in the six - to eight-month range , according to Dr. Tom Hackett , a Vail , Colorado-based doctor at the Steadman Clinic who often travels with the U.S. ski team and helps with team members ' treatment . "  It is hard to know without all the information in front of me . There are many subtle decisions made on the day of operation , " Hackett said . Vonn interviewed in 2010 But with Vonn 's physical condition and determination combined with her medical treatment , Hackett believes Vonn could recover before the Olympics , a year and a week away . Doctors will continue to work with her to help her stay in top shape even without a fully functioning knee . "  Typically when we manage an athlete of her caliber , we find ways to maintain fitness and strength and power as much as possible while she recovers , " Hackett said . A six - to eight-month recovery time does n't leave a lot of training time for the Olympics , but Vonn , a 2010 Olympic gold medalist , is determined to be there , according to her statement . "  First off , I want to say thank you to the amazing medical staff that cared for me . I plan on returning to Vail as soon as I can to have the necessary surgeries , " Vonn said in the statement . "  I am also grateful to my fans for the outpouring of support , which has really helped me stay positive . I can assure you that I will work as hard as humanly possible to be ready to represent my country next year in Sochi  Russia  . " CNN 's Trisha Henry contributed to this report .	Lindsey Vonn 's dramatic crash tore her ACL , MCL and fractured her bone Recovery could take six to eight months Vonn vows to do what she can to compete in the Olympics
CNN  -- When Billy Beane , the subject of the 2004 book ` Moneyball ' , took over as the general manager of the Oakland Athletics in the late 1990s , he revolutionized the way baseball teams were run . At a time when other managers and scouts relied on their experience to identify promising new players , Beane successfully used ` sabermetrics ' -- the statistical analysis of baseball -- to see value in players other teams had passed over , turning the Athletics into a team capable of competing with the biggest names in the sport . Now industry watchers say a similar statistics revolution is going on in the business world . Technological advances are giving rise to huge amounts of data -- about consumers , supply chains and world events -- that businesses can use to make better decisions and gain a competitive edge . It 's called ` big data analytics ' , and those who ignore it are being warned they risk being left behind . Watch : Funding 80 start-ups at once The rise of big data "  Big data is the new oil , " says Andy Cutler , director of strategy at SAS , a consulting firm specializing in big data analytics . "  The folks who are going to get good value are those who are going to be able to refine it and turn it into useful products . " Firms like Amazon and Netflix are at the forefront of this revolution , gathering the huge amounts of data generated by their customers and analyzing it to predict what customers will want to buy or watch in the future . This goes beyond personalized purchase suggestions ; Amazon is currently working on technology that will deliver products to you before you 've even ordered them , or at least keep them in warehouses nearby in anticipation , says Phil Simon , author of "  Too Big to Ignore : The Business Case for Big Data . " Netflix has effectively built its entire business model on analyzing customer data , he says . "  Netflix track every view , every click , all in an attempt to understand what their customers want . " The development of smartphone technologies and near-field communication means analyzing customer data is no longer limited to the online world . Tailored buying experience Arne Strauss , analytics professor at the Warwick Business School , says retailers are developing ways of monitoring customers as they enter physical stores , allowing them to optimize store layout and even change on-shelf promotions depending on which customer is walking by . But predicting customer behavior is just one application . Major banks including HSBC use big data to monitor and predict fraud -- both by cardholders and staff -- by setting up data-mining systems that collect patterns and look for anomalies . The investment bank Morgan Stanley uses statistical models to measure the impact market events have on the bank in real time . Improving the efficiency of large logistical operations is another use . Delivery firm UPS spends more than $ 1bn a year gathering data from its fleet of trucks to ensure the most efficient delivery routes . Meanwhile major supermarkets in the UK are turning to big data analytics to help them provide same-day grocery delivery services -- a huge logistical challenge involving predicting what customers are likely to want before they order it , and ensuring coordinated delivery times that protect supermarkets ' already-thin profit margins . Consultants and academics say businesses who do n't jump on the big data bandwagon are at risk of falling behind . But there are challenges . Too much information ? Some in the industry fear a backlash from consumers uncomfortable with the amount of individual data being gathered about them , stifling development in some areas . The speed of the technological development has also created a skills gap . Professor Thierry Chaussalet , who runs a business intelligence and analytics masters course at the University of Westminster in London , says many businesses simply do n't understand the big data technology now available and what it has to offer . Stephen Mills , an associate partner in big data analytics at IBM , agrees there needs to be a culture change . "  The technology is the easy bit , " he says . "  The hard part is how to change the culture and the business processes to make use of that new source of data . " The books that changed the world 's best business brains Technology gets a makeover as fashion goes futuristic How to master Mobile advertising	Big data deemed as the ` new oil ' according to experts Businesses who ignore the power of big data may fall behind Amazon and Netflix are leading the big data revolution , analyzing customer data to predict what they 'll want to buy in the future
CNN  There 's been a lot of buzz about the "  zen " of the Seattle Seahawks . Some people are wondering whether their regular yoga and meditation sessions give them an edge over the competition . Fact is , many teams and individual players across the NFL have been practicing yoga for years . I worked with my first pro football players , two tight ends from the New England Patriots , back in 2006 . NFL players , like weekend warriors , save their biggest events for the weekends  with the exception of Monday and Thursday-night football , of course  . Therefore , they need to be smart all week about preparing their bodies and minds for the big game . For my football clients , yoga is an essential part of that preparation . Mobile midbacks and hips with stable cores and shoulder girdles are important for any athlete , but especially athletes that have to absorb impact . When mobility and stability are limited in any of these areas , the risk of knee , low-back and neck injuries increases dramatically . The same mentality applies to weekend warriors , who likely spend much of their week as desk jockeys then suddenly take part in strenuous activity . Unless they integrate mobility exercises into their everyday lives , they risk wrenched backs , sprained knees and dislocated shoulders during even the friendliest of touch football games . To avoid injury and work towards Super-Bowl shape , weekend warriors can use some of the same techniques and moves I teach in pro football . Here 's a sample : Quick-and-easy breathing meditation : The mental game is no joke ! Neither is a stiff ribcage that impedes movement . Not only can your breath relax and focus your mind by tapping into your parasympathetic nervous system , the quality of your breathing dictates your ribcage position , which affects your core strength and upper-body range of motion . Start and end your yoga practice with a minimum of two minutes of deep , diaphragmatic breathing with your eyes closed . Inhale through your nose into the bottom and back of your lungs . Exhale slowly and fully , releasing the ribcage downward by engaging core muscles to assist . Pausing briefly after exhalation stimulates a naturally deeper inhalation . Try breathing at this pace : 5-count inhalation . 5-count exhalation . 3-count pause . Practice 10-to-20 rounds of breath , focusing all of your attention on your breathing . Most people do n't realize that meditation can be that quick and easy ! Extended angle Stabilizes and mobilizes hip joints , increase core strength and enhances midback rotation From a deep lunge with your left foot forward , place your left hand on the mat or a block just inside of your left foot . Reach your right arm overhead , trying to match the angle of your side body and back right leg . Engage your core for stability . Be sure the rotation of your chest and ribcage is coming from your midback . Hold the for three long , deep breaths . Repeat on the other side . Side plank variation with hip and leg lift Lengthens abductors  outside of hip  and glutes ; strengthens shoulder and obliques  side core In side plank , with your feet stacked , be sure the shoulder of your supporting arm is behind your wrist . Step your top foot down to the floor in front of your pelvis . Press through your heel as you lift your hips and raise your top arm . Hold for three long , deep breaths . Switch to the other side . Standing straddle with twist Lengthens abductors  groins  and hamstrings ; enhances midback mobility From a standing straddle with your toes pointed forward , hinge from your hips and fold down to place one hand on a block . Twist from your midback to reach your opposite arm skyward , trying to align your wrists vertically . Keep your lower back level and stable . Engage your core and press through the outer edges of your feet for stability . Hold for three long , deep breaths . Repeat with the other arm . Do the practice above several times a week for the best results . With just three moves and some breathing , you can easily start your day with it or even integrate it into the beginning or end of your workouts . Think yoga is n't cool ? I know quite a few 280-pound NFL players who would disagree . You probably do n't want to argue with them .	Many teams and individual players across the NFL have been practicing yoga for years Yoga techniques they use to stay focused can work for everyone
CNN  -- Growing up in Arizona , the common joke was that one day a giant earthquake would tear California out into the Pacific and then we 'd all have oceanfront property . It never happened . So we made a lake in Tempe . Same thing . Fewer whales . The truth is that California is n't going anywhere , and , now , as it continues to grow as a political superpower and cultural trend-setter , some people want to figure out just what the hell to do with our nation 's weirdo West Coast uber-state . I say we give it a funny hat . But noted technology investor Tim Draper has a different idea that 's both bold and arguably insane . And he 's quite serious about it . Draper wants to turn California into six separate states . His initiative , Six Californias , quietly started bouncing around the Internet , but is getting more and more attention now that Draper 's actually moving forward , trying to make his dream a reality . I 've been told this phenomenon is called "  follow-through . " I 'd be inclined to try it some day , but it sounds like it requires effort . And pants . That said , Draper appears up for the task , and he recently shared his big idea with TechCrunch writer Gregory Ferenstein , who reports that Draper is "  submitting a polished version to the state 's Attorney General in the form of a ballot proposition proposal within the next 48 hours . " Now , that does n't necessarily mean anything . Theoretically , I could submit a proposal that requires all Californians to wear REO Speedwagon T-shirts on Wednesdays , but it does n't mean it 's going to happen . Mind you , it should . Because it would be awesome . But it wo n't . The reality is that trying to get an initiative on the state ballot is both difficult and expensive . And I just do n't hold the cash to push forward my REO Speedwagon plan . However , Draper might just have the wherewithal to make the possibility of Six Californias an actual thing . But why ? His major argument is that , currently , California is n't represented properly in Washington -- that two senators simply can not speak for the massive population of the entire state . Additionally , Draper argues that creating six Californias would encourage more business competition and allow the separate states to make decisions and regulations that are more appropriate to their respective populations . "  So , uh ... who wants some weed ? " Of course , debating , here , the serious pros and cons of this initiative are far beyond my pay grade . I mean , I guess it makes sense . But , then again , so does the McRib . Clearly , I 'm not the man with the answers . Unless , of course , those answers pertain to Simpsons trivia . In which case , I 'm your Huckleberry . I really have no idea whether this would be good or bad , but , still , it 's easy to identify at least one of the major points of debate within Draper 's plan , which is turning Silicon Valley into its own state , stretching from the Sierra Mountains to the shores of the Bay Area . Again , I 'm not smart enough to truly understand the actual impact of something like this , but it seems that that particular state might be disproportionately amazing compared to the other five . "  Do n't mind us . We 're just going to take all the pretty and successful parts . But , hey , good luck with Los Angeles ! " In Draper 's plan , the other five states that do n't get to be Silicon Valley would be known as Jefferson , North California , Central California , West California , and South California . Now , at this point , having shared the basics of Draper 's vision , I want to go firmly on the record as saying I absolutely , 100 % disagree with this idea . It 's simply the worst . Not so much because of any sound political or social reasons , but because I 'm terribly OCD and could n't , even for a second , fathom 55 states . This would drive me crazy . And what would we do with our flag ? It would be chaos ! That said , I do support cutting the state in half . At least so long as we eliminate one of our current states to keep the stars on the flag just as they are . In a perfect world , I suppose California would be divided into two states -- Northern California and Steve . And then we would combine North and South Dakota into just Dakota . Which , as a name , actually sounds quite pretty without the directional prefixes . And I 'm sure all seven people who live there will learn to get along as one . But more importantly , Jarrett gets to sleep at night . Fifty stars . A beautiful thing . And , really , dividing California is not a completely far-fetched idea . Draper notes in his proposal that , "  Voters overwhelmingly approved the splitting of California into two states in 1859 , but Congress never acted on that request due to the Civil War . " No matter what happens -- if anything -- it 'll be a while before a vote actually occurs . These things take time . But it 's fun to think about . And I bet REO Speedwagon would play the big constitution-signing party in Steve . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	Noted technology investor , Tim Draper , wants to turn California into six separate states Silicon Valley would be its own state Draper is submitting a ballot proposition proposal to the state attorney general
Paris  CNN  -- Former French justice minister Rachida Dati is launching a paternity suit Tuesday against a French businessman she claims is the father of her daughter , an attorney for the businessman confirmed . In the case filed at a Versailles court , Dati formally identifies Dominique Desseigne as the biological father of Zohra , who was born in 2009 . But the 68-year-old president of the Lucien Barri  re casino group , which owns the luxurious Le Fouquet 's hotel , refuses to take a paternity test to confirm or exclude him as the father , and alleges that he was not Dati 's only lover in the year her daughter was conceived . Dati , 46 , served as justice minister in former President Nicolas Sarkozy 's government from 2007-2009 . She is now a deputy of the European Parliament and mayor of Paris ' posh 7th arrondissement . In a weekend interview with the French newspaper Le Monde , Desseigne 's lawyer , Mich  le Cahen , alleges that Dati had up to eight lovers in the year Zohra was conceived . Cahen confirmed his comments to CNN Monday . The list allegedly includes Sarkozy 's brother , a Qatari attorney-general , a television broadcaster and a former Spanish prime minister . "  I will not give in to this because I behaved correctly and I have nothing to be reproached for , " the newspaper quoted Desseigne as telling friends , referring to his right to refuse a paternity test . Dati 's attorneys did not immediately return calls for comment from CNN . Her pregnancy in 2008 was shrouded in deep mystery after she refused to reveal the father 's identity , with whom she did not pursue a relationship . Last month , a French newspaper revealed that Dati would file a paternity case against Desseigne . In Le Monde 's article , a friend of Desseigne explained that the businessman did not want a child with Dati and broke off the relationship in 2008 , after which Dati allegedly sent him threatening letters and demanded money from him . Cahen told CNN that the Versailles court is expected to deliver its verdict in the next month on whether Desseigne will be legally obliged to take a DNA test .	Dati says Desseigne is the father of her daughter , who was born in 2009 Desseigne says he was n't Dati 's only lover at that time The president of the Lucien Barriere casino group refuses to take a DNA test Dati now serves as a European Parliament deputy and mayor of a Paris district
Editor 's Note : This is the fourth in a five-part series exploring Judge Sonia Sotomayor 's background and life with those who know her , revealing the experiences that might shape her views as a Supreme Court justice . Sonia Sotomayor is flanked by her supervisor , Warren Murray , and D.A. Robert Morgenthau , right , in 1983 . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor graduated with honors from Ivy League schools . But she may have learned some of her most memorable lessons as a young prosecutor , following police into abandoned tenements and tracking down witnesses on the grimy streets of New York . Sotomayor joined the Manhattan District Attorney 's office in 1979 during an epic crime wave . Muggings , burglaries and assaults were rampant ; homicides topped 1,800 a year . She was recruited from Yale Law School by Robert M. Morgenthau , Manhattan 's district attorney . She was 25 , and her starting salary was $ 17,000 . The cases in Trial Bureau 50 seasoned the idealistic young lawyer and honed her trial skills . She could shred a witness on cross-examination and move a jury to tears , former colleagues recalled . New York City was awash in heroin , street crime and gun violence . To prepare for trials , she followed police into tenement shooting galleries , scaled rickety staircases in dilapidated buildings and fought off the stench of squalor to talk to reluctant witnesses . Sotomayor 's former colleagues and her legal foes describe her as intense , driven and politically astute . As a prosecutor , she had a commanding presence and put in long hours , chugging several cans a day of the diet soft drink Tab and chain-smoking cigarettes .  She no longer smokes .  Watch how she made an impression on fellow prosecutors " Trial Bureau 50 , with its crowded cubicles and walls painted the color of putty , has sent many lawyers onto distinguished careers in public service , including the late Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and John Kennedy Jr. . Sotomayor 's five years there , say Manhattan prosecutors past and present , make her uniquely qualified for the nation 's highest court . If confirmed , she would be the only justice who prosecuted criminal cases , presided over them and handled criminal appeals . See what would set Sotomayor apart on the court " "  If you can handle a felony case load in New York County , you can run a small country , " said Warren Murray , who ran the bureau when Sotomayor worked there , and still does . "  I think Sonia 's most interesting days were in the district attorney 's office , " said Hugh H. Mo , a former homicide prosecutor who supervised Sotomayor and tried cases with her . "  You can grow up in the projects and still be very sheltered . She got her education on the streets of Harlem . " Like most rookies , Sotomayor started with misdemeanors , juggling 60 to 80 cases at a time , working 12-hour days in the 1930s-era building on the tip of Manhattan , and pulling an occasional shift in night court . "  Some of the judges liked to use the new assistants to clear their calendars , " Morgenthau recalled . "  She quickly established herself as somebody the judges could n't push around . " On her second trial , Sotomayor met Dawn Cardi , a rookie Legal Aid lawyer who was trying her first case . They became best friends . "  We were both baby attorneys , " Cardi said . "  She 's really , really smart and very well-prepared . She was an excellent trial attorney . She had a talent for it . " Another defense attorney , Gerald Lefcourt , recalled Sotomayor as "  a very zealous prosecutor , " adding , "  She did n't see gray . She only saw black and white . " Sotomayor moved up quickly in the D.A. 's office . It was n't long before she was prosecuting murder cases . To prepare for trials , she hit the streets , working junkies and street characters for information and comforting grieving families . The work was sometimes unnerving , but it could also provide an adrenalin rush . "  You could feel the violence . It was palpable , " said Mo , who with Sotomayor accompanied detectives of Harlem 's 28th precinct into top-floor apartments in six-story tenements to prepare for what became known as the "  Tarzan Burglar " case . "  Normal people do not walk into these buildings , " he recalled . "  They were hangouts for drug addicts . " Robert M. Morgenthau remembers Sotomayor for her role in both the Tarzan Burglar case and in winning the office 's first conviction under a rewritten child pornography law . Sotomayor mentioned the lessons of the Tarzan case during her confirmation hearings . She said the case taught her "  the tragic consequences of needless deaths . " A family was destroyed after one of the siblings was killed by a bullet in the head , she said . "  They scattered to the four winds , and only one brother remained in New York who could testify , " she said Tuesday . The Tarzan case was Sotomayor 's rite of passage as a prosecutor . She sat second chair , meaning she assisted Mo , the lead prosecutor , at the murder trial of Richard Maddicks . Read the complaint  pdf Maddicks earned his nickname by swinging from building to building with rope and cables , Mo said . Along his route , he burglarized top-floor apartments , robbed residents and shot people who got in his way . Sotomayor convinced Maddicks ' girlfriend , Mabel Ivey , to testify , pointing out that she could shave years off her sentence in another case if she cooperated . They linked the murder weapon to Maddicks through a neighbor who sold liquor after-hours through a hole cut in the door of his basement apartment . Sotomayor questioned the man , Charles "  Wirdell " Brown , in court , Mo recalled . It was a high point in the colorful trial . She had the jury in tears as she questioned the girlfriend of a man fatally shot by the Tarzan Burglar . Sotomayor impressed Mo with her organizational skills and ability to boil a complicated case into the essential elements that resonate with jurors . She helped write his opening statement for the five-week trial and -- long before computers and PowerPoint -- crafted People 's Exhibit One , a large poster-board chart illustrating the pattern linking the Tarzan Burglar to his crimes . The chart somehow survived nearly three decades in Mo 's basement laundry room . During the trial , Sotomayor handled the questioning of half the 40 witnesses . Maddicks was convicted of murder , robbery and related crimes and sentenced to 62 1/2 years to life in prison . He 's still serving time "  upstate , " as Manhattan 's prosecutors say . Even 30 years ago , it was obvious Sotomayor was going places . See her life story told in pictures " "  Did anybody think she was going to the Supreme Court ? Of course not , " said Cardi . "  But when you look back , you see she always stood out . She was always really a cut above . " "  She was very focused , very ambitious , very competent , very hardworking , " Mo recalled . What struck him most , he said , was her confidence . "  She wanted to reach the highest pinnacle of the profession and did n't think that was far-fetched . You could see it . She wanted to make history , " Mo said .	Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor began her legal career as a prosecutor She worked in the Manhattan DA 's office from 1979 to 1984 Her former colleagues remember Sotomayor as driven and focused Manhattan DA Robert M. Morgenthau on Thursday 's Senate witness schedule
CNN  -- Youngster Thibaut Pinot claimed the eighth stage of the Tour de France as Bradley Wiggins retained his overall lead for Team Sky . Pinot , from France , is the Tour 's youngest rider at 22 and held on after hitting the front with 2km to go , despite the overall leaders desperately trying to hunt him down . Though Cadel Evans finished second to FDJ-Bigmat 's Pinot , he was n't able to shave off any of Bradley Wiggin 's lead as the Briton preserved his ten second advantage . The stage was punctuated with another nasty crash as Spain 's Olympic road race champion Samuel Sanchez came off his bike , suffering head and shoulder injuries that might prevent him from competing at London . "  It 's a dream come true , " Pinot told reporters , of his maiden stage win on what is his debut Tour . "  I just did the longest 10km of my life , I 'll never forget it . I was quite scared when I heard the peloton had closed the gap to 50 seconds . "  But a lot of this is down to Jeremy  Roy  . He did a lot of the preparation work for me , I ca n't thank him enough . " After Saturday 's strong performance from Team Sky , which saw Wiggins take the yellow jersey and teammate Chris Froome win the stage , Wiggins survived a late attack on his lead . Evans , riding for the BMC team , and Italian Vincenzo Nibali , of Liquigas , cranked up the pressure in the final stages but Wiggins did enough to record the same time and keep his nose in front . And with Monday presenting the first of two individual time trials in a 41.5 km stage from Arc-et-Senans to Besancon , Wiggins has the chance to put more distance between himself and the chasing pack . But the 32-year-old said : "  There is so much fuss made about them , but there 's been another eight stages before then . You do n't win the Tour on time trials alone . "  It 's the race of truth , so you 've got to have the legs ultimately . Anything 's possible tomorrow . I try not to think too negatively , and just concentrate on my own race . "	Young Frenchman Thibaut Pinot claims the eighth stage of the Tour de France Britain 's Bradley Wiggins holds off a late attack from his rivals to keep yellow jersey Wiggins is ten seconds in front of his nearest challenger Australian Cadel Evans
Ramallah , West Bank  CNN  -- Israeli troops killed a Palestinian man during clashes Tuesday in a West Bank refugee camp , the latest example of violence and tensions between the two sides . According to his family , 21-year-old Mohammed Jawabreh was standing on his home 's roof watching clashes between the Israeli military and Palestinians below in the Al-Aroub refugee camp when an Israeli soldier shot him dead . An Israel Defense Forces spokeswoman said that "  a Palestinian man aimed an improvised weapon " at troops during a violent riot by about 200 Palestinians . "  The forces immediately responded , opened fire on him , and a hit was confirmed , " the military spokeswoman said . Israeli authorities later determined the improvised device was a homemade gun , she added . The clashes between the Palestinians and Israeli troops began at the camp 's entrance on Saturday morning , according to sources inside the camp . It was not immediately clear what precipitated the latest violence . Still , tensions between Israeli authorities and Palestinians have been simmering for weeks , including violent incidents in Jerusalem as well as the Palestinian areas of Gaza and the West Bank . Iran leader 's call to ` annihilate ' Israel sparks fury as nuclear deadline looms On Monday , for instance , a 20-year-old Israeli soldier was fatally stabbed in Tel Aviv . Eyewitnesses later led authorities to the suspect , an 18-year-old Palestinian man , hiding on the fourth floor of an apartment building , police spokeswoman Luba Samri said . And three Israelis were stabbed -- one fatally -- Monday at a hitchhiking post at the Alon Shvut junction in the West Bank , the same place where three Israeli teens were kidnapped and later found dead earlier this year . Those kidnappings spurred an Israeli military campaign targeting Hamas . On Saturday , Israeli police shot and killed a Palestinian man who attacked police officers with a knife in a village in northern Israel , police said . Speaking after Monday 's latest violence , Israeli President Reuven Rivlin urged his countrymen to unite and ensured them that "  security forces ... will not rest until they return normality to our daily lives . " As Rivlin said , "  These are difficult days . " 2 killed , 2 wounded in stabbing attacks on Israelis CNN 's Kareem Khadder reported from Ramallah , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Michael Schwartz contributed to this report .	A 21-year-old Palestinian man is shot on a rooftop in a West Bank refugee camp He was aiming a homemade gun at troops , an Israeli military spokeswoman says The man 's family says he was watching clashes between Palestinians , Israeli troops This is the latest violent incident in recent days in the region
CNN  -- It 's safe to say that Gillian Anderson has returned to television . The former "  X-Files " star is involved in three TV series , beginning with a lead role in "  The Fall , " a psychological crime thriller that debuted to rave reviews on May 13 in Britain . The show hits the U.S. on May 28 when it 'll be available for streaming via Netflix . In "  The Fall , " Anderson plays a detective who 's pulled into a serial killer case with a unique twist to the genre : the audience knows the culprit from the beginning . But her on-screen exploration of killers does n't stop there . Recently , she 's been seen on NBC 's "  Hannibal , " playing Hannibal Lecter 's psychiatrist . Later this summer , she 'll start work on a new NBC show called "  Crisis , " which got a series pick-up earlier this month . CNN spoke with Anderson recently from New York City about her new TV series , the groundbreaking nature of "  The X-Files , " and whether Mulder and Scully will reunite on the big screen . CNN : In "  The Fall " you play Stella Gibson , a detective looking for a serial killer . She seems like a very serious person . Is this one of your more serious roles ? Gillian Anderson : I do n't know about that . I 've played a lot of serious women . I seem to be the go-to woman for seriousness , but as you will see , she 's not all serious . There is some lightness in there and some different flavors of personality , I promise . CNN : The show tells the story in a unique way in the sense that the audience knows who the killer is from the onset . What 's interesting for you about the way the story is told ? Anderson : First of all , that has n't really been done before which is always nice to jump into something that has a bit of uniqueness in this day and age of many , many shows about serial killers . The story lines themselves are very intricately woven and individually complex . The fact that you got a serial killer who is attractive , who is a good father and who is also a grief counselor on the side while he 's stalking women and doing unthinkable things ... is really eerie . The fact that he 's so recognizable as someone we might meet in a bar ... there 's so many different layers in this story . It 's a cross section of human life and death , and that 's something in this that works on a much deeper level than just a simple tale of a serial killer hunted by a detective . CNN : When working on a show that deals with a serial killer , do you ever take your work home with you ? Is it depressing to think about murder a lot ? Anderson : I do n't think about it all the time . I think I learned quite early on in my career when I was working on the "  X-Files " that what 's on the page , stays on the page . What 's on the set , stays on the set . Very often if I 'm working on dark material , I work on it in day time . So it does n't effect my night . But also , it 's easy ... we talk about compartmentalizing in the series -- I think it 's easy to compartmentalize . CNN : You also played Hannibal Lecter 's therapist on NBC 's "  Hannibal . " Is the psychology of killers something you know well at this point in your life ? Anderson : No , not necessarily I do n't feel like I 'm any particular expert on it even though I 've played many characters who seem to be hunters . Hannibal was something that came out the blue . Bryan Fuller , the creator , convinced me how fun it would be to come play with them for a little while . How cool it would be to be Hannibal 's psychiatrist . I believed him and said yes . It 's funny . I do n't think about these things all together ; I think about them individually . CNN : In some other alternate universe , could you be a therapist ? Anderson : I could definitely be a therapist . I could not be a forensics pathologist or a detective . CNN : TV 's having this great creative moment right now that everyone is pointing out . Do you think "  X-Files " forged a path in certain ways in terms of what the medium could do ? Anderson : It was No 1 . It was the first one . There 's been a plethora of copy cats and a plethora of different shows that tried to emulate not just the success , but the formula , but also the production values . Our show was the beginning of huge amounts of money going onto the screen . But also , the darkness of it : we were the first show to kind of "  turn off the lights " and just light ourselves by flashlight -- and also the subject matter . The dark subject matter , the paranormal subject matter , the science-fiction , the duo , the intelligent woman on TV ... they were kinda No. 1 with all that . CNN : You do play a lot of smart people . Anderson : -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- I do play so many people that are so much smarter than I am . It 's ridiculous . If only I could contain the information that they spout in my practical life , that would be very good . CNN : You have another series due out later this year on NBC called "  Crisis . " What 's your character like on that ? Anderson : It seems like that 's going to be mid-season . The story as a whole is that there 's a high school of elite children in Washington D.C. , including the son of the president , and they 're on their way to New York for a school trip and their bus gets hijacked . I play a mother of one of the kids who is the son of a CEO of a multinational -LSB- corporation -RSB- . The story is about what these high-powered people will do to get back the things they care most about , which is their kids . CNN : Is there talk about another "  X-Files " movie ? Anderson : Yep , yep . People talk about it . It has to be written . At the point that it 's written , if it 's good , David and I have always said we 'll be involved . So we 'll see .	Gillian Anderson portrays a detective on "  The Fall " She also played a psychiatrist on "  Hannibal " Anderson said she 's open to doing another "  X Files " movie
EW.com  -- Thirteen years after putting on the adamantium claws , Hugh Jackman is still carving up the box office as the most iconic super-mutant , Wolverine . Since opening on July 26 , The Wolverine , Jackman 's fifth outing as the ornery X-Man , has grossed $ 307 million worldwide . It 's not exactly Avengers money , but it 's more than enough for Fox to want to keep Jackman in the X-Men fold . As The Wolverine 's post-credit sequence teased , Jackman will time-travel for a cameo in next year 's X-Men : Days of Future Past . But will that be the end of Jackman 's run ? The 44-year-old has played Wolverine longer and more frequently than any actor has ever been associated with a comic-book hero , but his current deal is about to expire . Now the National Enquirer claims that Fox is offering Jackman $ 100 million for him to keep slicing and dicing for four more X-Men movies . Them 's a lot of chicken breasts ! Jackman 's spokesperson dismissed the report , but the future of Wolverine is worth some analysis , from both Jackman 's and the franchise 's points of view . The Australian actor , who earned his first Oscar nomination for last year 's Les Miserables , has n't made any Christian Bale-like comments about returning to the character . When he spoke to EW earlier this year , he was noncommittal , but the door was certainly open : "  I 'm not sure . I was n't even sure after the first -LSB- stand-alone -RSB- film if I would do another . I wo n't say never , because I 'm still loving it . But there would have to be a pretty compelling reason . " That "  pretty compelling reason " might be introducing Wolverine to some new super-friends , like the Avengers . The razor-sharp comic-book character first appeared in a 1974 Hulk comic and he later joined forces with the Avengers in print . The only thing standing in the way of some X-Men/Avengers movie synergy is studio politics .  Fox licenses the X-Men characters from Marvel , which is now owned by Disney .  When asked recently about that crossover opportunity by Collider , Jackman was more than enthusiastic , claiming that he 'd even inquired to Marvel about that possibility . "  I understand at Marvel they 've got The Avengers , they 've got a lot of big things going on , but at some point I just find it almost impossible that there 's not a way to bring Iron Man , all the Avengers characters , Wolverine , the X-Men characters , Spider-Man , and somehow get them in together , " he said . "  I 'm in for it , I 'm totally up for it because I think that would be really exciting for fans across the board . " EW : Hugh Jackman on what it 's like being at Comic-Con Playing Wolverine does come at a cost , however . First , there 's the physical demands that require Jackman to be incredibly jacked . It looks great for this particular superhero role , but not every character he plays needs to be so shredded . In fact , being so buff might disqualify him from certain movie parts . When The Wolverine was temporarily shelved after director Darren Aronosky left the project in 2011 , Jackman expressed some frustration because his body was primed for one role only at that moment . Re-upping for another movie -- or four -- means more chicken-heavy diets and multiple daily trips to the gym . The other cost is time . The X-Men movies are huge productions that block out months of an actor 's calendar . Making another long-term commitment to the franchise also means saying no to other , slightly more nuanced characters that come down the pike . And as a capital-A Actor , Jackman is in his prime , at the perfect leading-man age when glorious good looks are knocked slightly askew by just the right weight of world-weariness . Since joining the X-Men , he 's mixed in a few interesting performances -- The Prestige , The Fountain -- but you ca n't help but wonder about all the roles he had to turn down because Wolfie had to be fed .  Psst , Chicago and Drive ...  Fox will certainly make it worth his while , but does Jackman really want to be 49 or 50 and giving a variation of the same Wolverine interview where he 's describing his calorie intake ? From Fox 's point of view , though , extending Jackman for additional films is a no-brainer . As The Wolverine producer Hutch Parker said , the idea of eventually replacing Jackman , or perhaps rebooting the franchise with a new actor "  feels somewhat blasphemous . " Wolverine existed in the pages of Marvel comics and the imaginations of fans everywhere , but Jackman is Wolverine . It 's a cinematic character he created , and like Robert Downey Jr. and Iron Man , it 's now impossible to imagine one without the other . Of course , Wolverine is an immortal of sorts who is n't supposed to age ; Jackman , despite all evidence to the contrary , does n't have that ability . At some point , Fox could ask , "  Are we running the risk of our Wolverine being the equivalent of Sean Connery 's James Bond in Never Say Never Again ? " But times have changed ; look no further than Downey , who will be 50 when Avengers 2 comes out in 2015 . I ca n't imagine Jackman would get soft around the middle ; besides a more grizzled Jackman better suits the haunted comic-book character . The big headline yesterday was the $ 100 million figure that the Enquirer threw out there . It may have been conjured out of thin air , but it 's not a ridiculous amount . In fact , I 'd argue that Jackman as Wolverine for four more X-Men movies is worth every penny to Fox . There might be some sticker shock to the $ 100 million figure , but paying the star of am established superhero franchise $ 25 million per picture is hardly unprecedented .  Downey famously took home $ 50 million for The Avengers .  In fact , compared to the reports of what Warner Bros. is going to throw at Bale to return as Batman , $ 25 million per for more Jackman almost seems like a discount . Best of both worlds , I 'd like to see Jackman return as Wolverine -- but just once more , maybe twice . One more big X-Men movie , and then an Avengers crossover that could pit him opposite Downey 's Iron Man . Let those two actors ride off into the sunset together . A four-film commitment on movies of this magnitude , on the other hand , has a way of stretching over another decade , and Jackman is too talented an actor to have 20 years of his prime dominated by a cartoon character , no matter how iconic . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Wolverine " has grossed $ 307 million worldwide Jackman would have to train his body for more films There is speculation the actor could snag $ 100 million for the role
CNN  -- It 's official . To watch the 2013 European Champions League final -- arguably one of the most prestigious matches in world football -- will be not much more expensive than watching some top-flight English Premier League games . With Europe in the grip of an economic downturn , European governing body UEFA has cut prices by 25 % for its cheapest ticket for the May 25 final . The cheapest ticket for the match at London 's Wembley Stadium will cost # 60 -- roughly $ 94 -- compared to # 75 in 2012. , though fans based in the United Kingdom will also have to pay an # 8 administration fee . Not cheap by any means , but only # 6 more expensive than the price fans of English champions Manchester City had to pay when they watched their team take on London-based Arsenal last month at the Emirates Stadium Of the 59,000 Wembley seats on sale to the public for the biggest game in European club football , 20 % will be sold at the cheapest "  Category 4 " price . The other three ticket categories available to punters increase in price from # 140 to # 330 . The capacity of Wembley Stadium for the match will be 86,000 , with each team receiving 25,000 seats and the remaining 9,000 going on sale to fans around the world . According to UEFA 's website , the remaining 27,000 tickets will be "  allocated to the local organising committee , national associations , commercial partners and broadcasters , and to serve the corporate hospitality program . " The price of football tickets in the British capital has been a source of contention in recent months . Soccer vs Gridiron City fans were outraged with the price they were charged to watch their team 's match at the Emirates Stadium , especially given Aston Villa supporters will pay just over half that sum -- # 35.50 -- when their club heads to north London on February 23 for a Premier League fixture . The price of the 2013 Champios League final is a drastic reduction from 2011 , the last time the event was held at Wembley . Then the cheapest tickets cost # 150 for the final between Barcelona and Manchester United , with UEFA president Michel Platini forced later to apologize for his organization 's pricing strategy . The Champions League final , which was held at Munich 's Allianz Arena in 2012 , looks a steal compared to ticket prices for last weekend 's Super Bowl . Gridiron fanatics who wished to purchase tickets for the New Orleans showdown between the Baltimore Ravens and the San Francisco 49ers had to pay between $ 850 and $ 1250 for face-value tickets .	UEFA reduces tickets prices for the 2013 European Champions League final The cheapest ticket for the match at London 's Wembley Stadium will cost # 60 Reduction of 25 % compared to last year 's final at Munich Allianz Arena The cheapest available ticket when the final was last held at Wembley in 2011 cost # 150
CNN  -- A riot at a Texas detention center was ended Sunday . One prison building was heavily damaged , and about 700 inmates were going to spend the night in tents , authorities said . The disturbance began Saturday at the Reeves County Detention Center near Pecos in west Texas , and hundreds of inmates continued rioting overnight in the second such incident at the facility in less than two months . April Orsoco with the Reeves County Sheriff 's Office said the office was notified by the prison about 4 p.m. Sunday that "  they got it under control . " Orsoco did not have details on how the situation ended , but she said no injuries were reported as the incident ended . The office reported it had no explanation for the rioting . Three inmates were hospitalized Saturday after fighting began , one with a severed finger , according to the sheriff 's office . In addition to prison personnel , sheriff 's deputies and officers from several other agencies remained at the facility Sunday night . With one of three buildings at the detention center damaged extensively in the rioting , "  the warden is trying to figure out where -LSB- the prison -RSB- can house the inmates , " Orsoco said . She said the tents were set up on prison grounds , and inmates would be transferred to other prison facilities on Monday so damage could be repaired . The prison is a 2,400-bed , low-security facility , operated by Geo Group Inc. . It houses federal prisoners as well as inmates from other states . As many as 2,000 inmates from two of the center 's three buildings began fighting in the prison yard about 4:30 p.m. Saturday , according to the sheriff 's office . The center is about 430 miles from Dallas , Texas . On December 12 , inmates took two workers hostage and set fire to the recreation area . Those inmates surrendered later that night . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	About 700 inmates are going to spend Sunday night in tents Three inmates hospitalized Saturday after fighting began , one with severed finger One of the buildings at Texas detention center extensively damaged It 's the second incident at the Reeves County facility in less than two months
CNN  -- After the 2008 financial crisis had taken hold , the Queen of England asked , in essence : Why did no one tell us that the disaster was coming ? The answer from a group of eminent economists , some of the smartest people on the planet , was to blame it on "  the failure of the collective imagination of a number of bright minds . " Do you wonder why a search on Amazon for the word "  creativity " returns a list of about 90,000 books ? Why a search on Google for "  innovation + creativity " delivers 45 million results , and adding the word "  consultants " boosts the number to 60 million ? And yet , in spite of all that professional advice , it 's the rare idea that is making money or delivering benefits two years after its implementation . Wonder why businesses insist that their expensive executives spend a significant proportion of their time  over three months every year  carefully preparing budgets , only to find that they are often out of date and need changing before they can be published ? Have you been troubled by so much energy dedicated to summits and visions on how we intend to rebalance the environment or on how we intend to grow wealth for all , and yet with little in the way of accomplishments ? Is n't it clear that the key is not the vision but the implementation ? TED.com : Why you will fail to have a great career Despite businesses spending decades professionalizing implementation in project management and change management , the results are underwhelming . To use an analogy to illustrate how woeful the results are , imagine a family of five planning to go on holiday from London to Hong Kong , with a budget of  # 3,000 . If the vacation turned out like the typical result of a business plan , the family would end up in Makassar , Indonesia , at a cost of  # 4,000 , while leaving two of the children behind . What 's happened in business is that the rules of the real 21st century are n't clear to us , so instead we spend our time responding rationally to a world which we understand and recognize , but which no longer exists . In the past , the world in which we created our institutions , enterprises and organizations was built on a number of truths . In that world , the immediate past and near future were usually similar enough to allow us to predict the future with some confidence . TED.com : Keep your goals to yourself As individuals or organizations , our experiences were mostly influenced by local events , and so by understanding our local business or national environment we could learn about the world around us much faster than it was changing . This meant that our knowledge and experience had a long "  sell by " date . To be successful , we would ensure that the person who knew best had the power to decide and lead effectively from the top . Enterprises sought growth often by choosing to do "  more of the same " of what had produced their success . But over the past few decades we have moved our world to a point where institutions , enterprises , organizations and individuals most often need to seek change . At the same time we have connected the world through cyberspace , allowing distant events , ideas and social phenomena to influence us instantly . And we 've enabled people to connect to each other , fueling the density of human interaction . TED.com : What we learned from teetering on the fiscal cliff The only things holding us back are the ever weakening inertia of habit , and tradition . And it is this shift in balance which has resulted in a silent transition , flipping from an environment which was far more predictable , Newtonian and laminar , to a turbulent and more complex new world . I call the transition point "  Midnight "  the punch line of a weak joke about the fact no one noticed the flip because it happened at night while they were asleep  and I have been exploring how to think and what to do in this World After Midnight . I proposed an experiment to many clients : "  Keep a diary on a spreadsheet , for a week . Wait for four months and then score the time spent which either improved the bottom line or made your life better . " A typical result is about 15 % . But these are not idle people . They are smart , well-meaning people , in top , well-resourced enterprises , who are working full weeks , often from dawn to beyond dusk . The result horrified me -- almost all of the time spent acting rationally in response to a world which does n't exist turned out to be wasted . All the CEOs around me , my clients , want innovation , so they seek innovation . They say to people , "  Take risks and be creative ! " But unfortunately the words get transformed as they travel through the air . By the time the words enter their ears , what people hear is , "  Do crazy things and then I 'll fire you . " Why ? Because in the old world , getting stuff wrong was unacceptable . If you got something wrong , you 'd failed . How should you be treated ? Well , harshly , because you could have asked somebody who had experience . The answer is , do n't do things which are different . And then suddenly we tell people to do things differently , and it does n't work . TED.com : How ideas trump crises In reality , there are two ways you can fail in our new world . One , you 're doing something for which you should follow a set procedure , and it 's a very difficult thing , you 're sloppy , and you get it wrong . How should you be treated ? You should probably be fired . On the other hand , you 're doing something new , no one 's ever done it before , and you get it completely wrong . How should you be treated ? Well , free pizzas ! You should be treated better than the people who succeed . It 's called smart failure . My goal is to get executives around the world to realize that we 're in a new world and that they have to rethink everything they do as a result . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eddie Obeng .	Queen Elizabeth asked why people failed to anticipate 2008 financial crisis Eddie Obeng : Business leaders routinely fail despite enormous amount of professional advice He says organizations once succeeded by doing more of the same , but now need innovation Obeng : Creative experimentation is needed , and even failure can be productive
Paris  CNN  -- French prosecutors named the suspect held in connection with a newspaper shooting this week as Abdelhakim Dekhar . Dekhar allegedly shot a photographer at the daily newspaper Liberation in Paris on Monday . On Thursday , French President Francois Hollande thanked police for capturing him . It "  prevented the worst from happening again , " he said in a statement . Dekhar was arrested Wednesday in Bois Colombes , in the northwestern suburbs of Paris , the prosecutor 's office said . Investigators are trying to determine if the man is connected to the shooting at the newspaper , as well as two other Monday crimes -- a shooting that injured no one in front of the Societe Generale towers in Paris , and a carjacking near the towers in the Paris neighborhood of La Defense , according to CNN affiliate BFMTV . Police said a man shot a 23-year-old assistant photographer twice near the heart in the lobby of Liberation 's offices in Paris . The photographer is being treated at a hospital . The gunman fled after the attack , and authorities released photos showing a 5-foot-6 to 5-foot-8 man with a "  European appearance " and graying hair . He was estimated to be between 35 and 45 years old . Paris police said they had no information about the man 's motive . On Friday , a gunman broke into BFMTV , threatening journalists before fleeing . The description of the man at Liberation is similar to that of the man at BFMTV , and the gun used was of similar caliber , police said . But it has not been established that it was the same man .	The suspect resembles a man who also attacked a French TV station But it has not been confirmed that he is the same attacker France 's President thanked police for making the arrest and preventing more violence The suspect allegedly shot a newspaper photographer in the chest
Boston  CNN  The Boston Marathon is traditionally an event in which people in and around the Massachusetts capital come together , celebrate and enjoy . But not in 2013 , when three people died and over 200 were injured when a pair of bombs went off within 12 seconds of each other at the finish line . And not this year -- at least not if you 're a member of the jury that convicted Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in the bombings . That 's what federal Judge George A. O'Toole told jurors Tuesday , stressing the importance of avoiding anything that could be prejudicial in the trial 's sentencing phase . That begins April 21 , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race . "  Do not attend the Boston Marathon or any events or gatherings related to the anniversary or the current running of the Boston Marathon , " O'Toole said in court . The judge spoke for less than 10 minutes , and stressed the seriousness of his warnings . The first phase of Tsarnaev 's trial began March 4 , after which federal prosecutors called 92 witnesses , and the defense just four . Timeline of the bombings , manhunt and aftermath Tsarnaev 's lawyers never disputed that their client was at the scene of the bombings and part of the days-long mayhem that followed . Tsarnaev lawyer Judy Clarke acknowledged in opening arguments that : "  It was him . " But Clarke argued that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev only took part in the plot under the influence of his brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev , who died after the bombings , but before his brother was captured in a boat parked in a Watertown backyard , That argument was n't enough to sway the jury , though . Rather , they convicted Dzhokhar Tsarnaev on all 30 counts he faced -- including using weapons of mass destruction , bombing a place of public use , conspiracy and aiding and abetting . A look at all of the charges The only question now , short of a successful appeal of that verdict , is what price he 'll now pay . The maximum penalty for several of the charges is death . Talking to the jury on Tuesday , O'Toole predicted that the sentencing phase will last four weeks before cautioning that forecasting a specific timetable is less reliable than guessing the weather . The plan is for the court to be in session for four days a week , as long as the process takes . Until then , O'Toole told the jurors , "  Please put the case out of your minds . Enjoy the warm weather . " What 's next for Tsarnaev ? CNN 's Ann O'Neill reported from Boston . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Alexandra Field , Aaron Cooper , Kevin Conlon , Jason Hanna and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty of all 30 counts , may face death penalty The sentencing phase starts April 21 ; a judge predicts it will last four weeks He warns jurors not to do anything that could be prejudicial to the case
CNN  -- Oprah Winfrey says she 's sorry for the media storm that erupted after she recounted that she was the victim of racism in a posh Swiss boutique . Winfrey 's revelation last week on Entertainment Tonight led to the upscale store being identified as Trois Pommes in Zurich and its staff was immediately caught up in a frenzy of media interest . The manager of the boutique , Trudie Goetz , subsequently told CNN the entire incident was a "  200 percent misunderstanding " and had nothing to do with racism . Speaking at the Los Angeles premiere of Lee Daniels ' "  The Butler , " Monday , Winfrey said the situation had been blown out of proportion . "  I think that incident in Switzerland was just an incident in Switzerland . I 'm really sorry that it got blown up , " she said . "  I purposely did not mention the name of the store . I 'm sorry that I said it was Switzerland . "  I was just referencing it as an example of being in a place where people do n't expect that you would be able to be there . " ` No apology needed ' On Entertainment Tonight , Winfrey recounted how she had asked to see a $ 38,000 handbag , but the shop assistant refused to show it to her because it was "  too expensive . " Winfrey explained Monday that for her , racism is not usually overt . "  Nobody is going to come and call me the N-word to my face , unless they are a thug on Twitter or Facebook , " she said . "  It shows up for me differently , it shows up  when  I 'm in a store and the person does n't obviously know that I carry the ` black card ' and so they make an assessment based upon the way I look and who I am . " It appears Winfrey is referring to the exclusive American Express Centurion card , which is issued by invitation only to an exclusive group of the rich and famous . Winfrey said she was dressed in a Donna Karan skirt and top but was not wearing obvious symbols of wealth such as diamond jewelry or designer shoes . "  You should be able to go into a store looking like whatever you look like and say ' I would like to see this ' -- and that did n't happen , " she said . Has something like this happened to you ? But while she stood by it as an example , Winfrey cautioned against reading too much into the specific incident . And she rejected any idea that Switzerland should be asked to apologize to her . "  It 's not an indictment against the country or even that store , " she said . "  It was just , you know , one person who did n't want to offer me the opportunity to see the bag . So no apology necessary from the country , from Switzerland ! " In her latest film , Winfrey plays the wife of the main character -- portrayed by Forest Whitaker -- who serves as a butler in the White House . Winfrey 's claim ` absurd , ' clerk says Meanwhile , the store clerk concerned told Swiss daily newspaper Blick , in an interview printed Sunday , that she felt "  terrible " and had not been able to sleep for days . The woman , who gave her name as Adriana N. because she said she did n't want to be hassled on the street , said , "  I feel as if I 'm in the middle of a whirlwind . Totally powerless , as if everything 's been taken from me . It 's a horror , what 's happened . " Adriana , from Italy , said she had asked her manager if she should resign , but that Goetz had stood by her . Asked to give her version of the incident , Adriana said Winfrey had come into the store and was looking at bags when her eye was caught by a $ 38,000 crocodile skin number by Tom Ford . She told the newspaper , "  I explained that this was exactly the same bag as the one I had in my hand . Only much more expensive . I would happily show her other bags , I said . " Adriana said Winfrey 's claim that she told the media mogul the bag was too expensive for her was absolutely not true . "  That 's absurd . I would never say such a thing to a customer . Absolutely not . Good manners and politeness are everything in this shop , " she said . The store assistant added that she had n't recognized Winfrey but that it would not have made a difference in any case . "  We make a huge effort to treat everyone with the same respect and in the same way , " she said . CNN 's Mark Thompson contributed to this report .	Oprah Winfrey says she 's sorry that a Swiss store got caught up in a media frenzy The row blew up after Winfrey cited her treatment in the store as an example of racism The store assistant tells a Swiss newspaper she feels terrible , has n't been able to sleep "  It 's not an indictment against the country or even that store , " says Winfrey
It 's been a tension-filled week for travelers used to flying safely around the world . The shooting down of a commercial flight over Ukraine and a rocket strike near Israel 's gateway international airport have made people keenly aware of the risks of flying through conflict zones . Safe airspace is top of mind for people considering trips to troubled spots and those just hoping to get home sooner rather than later . Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crashed in eastern Ukraine on July 17 , killing all 298 people aboard . U.S. intelligence officials say that pro-Russian rebels were responsible for shooting down the commercial airliner traveling from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . They now believe the rebels probably did n't know that it was a commercial airliner , officials said earlier this week . On the day of the crash , the Federal Aviation Administration issued a notice prohibiting U.S. flight operations in the airspace over eastern Ukraine until further notice , widening an April ban on flights over the Crimea region . Less than a week later , a rocket strike about a mile from Ben Gurion International Airport in Tel Aviv , Israel , prompted the FAA to prohibit U.S. airlines from flying into the airport . The ban lasted about a day and a half and was lifted Wednesday night . European aviation authorities also moved to ease their recommendation urging carriers to avoid the region . A crash of a plane attempting to land in Taiwan in heavy rain Wednesday that killed at least 48 on board and reports Thursday of the apparent crash of an Air Algerie flight carrying 116 people have delivered two more blows to a tragic seven-day period . The unusual string of events has travelers worried . "  I never had a reason to think I was flying over a war zone where missiles might be flying , " said Elizabeth Bratt , 34 , an American living in Taiwan , who is planning to travel to Europe and the Middle East in the fall . "  I would have trusted an airline to avoid such an area . " Israel-Gaza conflict felt around the world The concern over routes does n't surprise aviation security consultant Jeff Price . "  Most travelers were only mildly concerned about where their flights were going prior to the Malaysia flight , " Price said . "  Many are probably more concerned about it now . I know I would be , and I would definitely be concerned about anything flying over an ` act of war ' zone . " Or into a war zone . The FAA ban on U.S. airlines flying into Tel Aviv -- now lifted -- followed on the heels of a State Department travel warning about the region . It advised Americans to consider deferring nonessential travel to Israel and the West Bank and reaffirmed existing guidance against any travel to Gaza . Other countries are cautioning their citizens against some travel to the region . Tourism taking a hit The escalating violence and resulting travel restrictions have translated into tourists starting to avoid Israel . With about 8 million people , Israel welcomed a record 3.5 million visitors last year and a record 1.4 million for the first half of 2014 , according to the country 's Central Bureau of Statistics . The country 's largest airport , Tel Aviv 's Ben Gurion , handled a record 14.3 million passengers in 2013 , up 8 % from 13.1 million passengers in 2012 , according to Airports Council International , a trade group .  Israel has six commercial airports , two of which handle international traffic . Israeli tourism had already been affected by the conflict , and the FAA 's flight ban had further impact . Hotel occupancy in central cities dropped to 50 % , according to Yossi Fatael , managing director of the Israel Tourist and Travel Agents Association . Since July 15 , the number of visitors cutting short their visits increased from 25 % to 40 % . "  The accumulating damage figure is some $ 500 million , " Fatael said . Should the conflict clear up in the next few days , Fatael said , the overall damage might be lighter than expected . If it continues , he could n't speculate on the long-term impact on Israeli 's tourism industry . There 's never been an event that affected tourism in Israel to this level , he said , in part because of the timing . "  During the Gulf War in 1991 , the situation was somewhat similar , " Fatael said . "  Yet it was in January and not during the height of tourism season . " Travelers reassess plans amid Mideast conflict Still trying to get to Israel Gil Travel was still sending tour groups to the Middle East , its owner said Wednesday . The Philadelphia-based company had tour groups scheduled to fly into Israel on Wednesday night . Working with El Al airlines , Gil Travel was able to get more than 100 passengers switched to flights that would take them from New York to Israel . "  Same goes the other way , " owner Iris Hami said before the ban was lifted . "  Those who need to leave from Israel will fly out El Al or stay late . " Hassan Khawaled , a tour guide with travel group Ahalan Olympus , had a group of students scheduled to fly into Tel Aviv on Wednesday for an Islamic-focused tour of Israel . Since their flights were canceled , the Israel-based agency flew them into Jordan and drove into Israel , he said . Many flights soar over conflict zones Travelers are trying to get home Many travelers already in Israel had cut their trips short and headed home before the FAA ban . "  For our clients traveling in Israel , we assisted the majority of them in returning home days ago , " said Peter Vlitas , senior vice president of Protravel International . "  While we have a few still there now , we are working to get them home via Europe . Also , we proactively contacted all clients scheduled to travel to Israel in the next 30 days and advised them of the situation and the refund policies of the airlines . " Travelers in Israel have been finding help from the tourist association and some airlines . United Airlines is providing "  hotel , meal and transportation accommodations for our Tel Aviv customers impacted by the cancellations , " a spokeswoman said . Atlanta rabbi Joshua Lesser traveled to Israel on July 10 , joining a two-week reconstructionist rabbinic study mission to learn about the Middle East conflict from members of the region 's diverse communities . His Wednesday flight home on Delta Air Lines was canceled after the first FAA ban was announced . Lesser , rabbi of Congregation Bet Haverim in Atlanta , has some perspective . He has taken cover in bomb or makeshift shelters several times since he arrived . "  I have listened to the trauma that Israelis experience feeling like their existence is threatened and the fear of the air raid sirens and loss of life , and I have listened to Palestinians and Israeli Arabs talk about the injustices they face at checkpoints , their limited movement . This is no way for people to live long term . "  This is a small taste of how people 's lives and plans are derailed every day , " he said Planning on going to Israel ? Share your story	Travelers jittery after Malaysia Airlines downing , rocket strike near Israeli airport U.S. lifts ban on airlines flying into Tel Aviv airport after day and a half of restrictions Travel uncertainty comes at height of tourism season in Israel
CNN  -- The court of public opinion weighed in decidedly against Lance Armstrong , even before the broadcast of an interview in which he is said to acknowledge using performance-enhancing drugs after years of denials . On CNN 's Facebook page , the opinions were passionate and pointed . "  This guy is a loser and a liar !! " Melinda Morgan said . "  He is not sorry for what he did , he is sorry that he got caught !! " Margaret Midkiff said there 's no hope of Armstrong reviving his career . "  He 's lied to folks way too long . " For more than a decade , Armstrong has denied he used performance-enhancing drugs , but he was linked to a doping scandal by nearly a dozen other former cyclists who have admitted to doping . But Oprah Winfrey appeared to confirm Tuesday on "  CBS This Morning " that Armstrong acknowledges having used performance-enhancing drugs in the interview which will air across two nights . After CBS , like other media , reported that Armstrong admitted using banned substances , Winfrey said she was surprised to see that not long after the interview , news of what he said had "  already been confirmed . " Winfrey did not describe Armstrong 's statements in detail , and has not released clips or quotes . She said the former cyclist was forthcoming in an exhausting and intense interview taped in Armstrong 's hometown of Austin , Texas . "  We were mesmerized and riveted by some of his answers , " she said , adding that "  he did not come clean in the manner that I expected . " She did n't elaborate . Some media outlets have reported that Armstrong has been strongly considering the possibility of a confession , possibly as a way to stem the tide of fleeing sponsors and as part of a long-term comeback plan . Cycling fan and CNN iReporter Beverlee Ring said she has "  mixed feelings " about the Winfrey interview . He should apologize and do whatever it takes to begin the healing , " she said . "  Now is when the real work begins for Lance . " But Gretta Michell said it 's too late for redemption . "  He had the opportunity to be honest from the beginning and he should have , " she posted on the Facebook page . "  Winning was more important . " Sources : Armstrong says he used steroids Armstrong 's admission is a sharp about-face after more than a decade of vehemently denying he cheated en route to winning a record seven Tour de France titles . Cycling 's international governing body , the UCI , stripped the titles from Armstrong following a report by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency that found widespread evidence of Armstrong 's involvement in a sophisticated doping program . The interview will air over two nights , beginning at 9 p.m. ET Thursday on the Oprah Winfrey Network . Winfrey has promised a "  no-holds-barred " interview , with no conditions and no payment made to Armstrong . Read more : Oprah interview with Lance Armstrong airs January 17 "  I hope the ratings are  a  record low on that show , " Matthew Black said in a Facebook comment . Winfrey declined to characterize Armstrong 's statements , saying she preferred that viewers make up their own minds . She said the interview was at times emotional and surprisingly intense . "  I would say that he met the moment , " she said . Word that Armstrong may have allowed some emotion to show through did n't seem to soften many critics . "  Go ahead and cry , Lance ... it wo n't help you one bit , " Lori Polacek said . You "  blew it a long time ago ! " Cancer charity : The trump card ? Some were willing to cut Armstrong a break because of his long-running cancer charity : the Livestrong Foundation . "  Who cares ? " said Pedro Murillo . "  He raised so much for cancer research , that 's more important  than  if he doped for some races . " Armstrong 's demise : How an all-American hero fell to earth David Flowe said he does n't care if Armstrong was involved in doping or if he even confesses to it . "  The man is an inspiration for those battling cancer , " he said . "  Quit being so judgmental of others especially someone who has done so much good for the world ! " Armstrong , 41 , has been an icon for his cycling feats and celebrity , bringing more status to a sport wildly popular in some nations but lacking big-name recognition , big money and mass appeal in the United States . He fought back from testicular cancer to win the Tour de France from 1999 to 2005 . He raised millions via his Lance Armstrong Foundation to help cancer victims and survivors , an effort illustrated by trendy yellow "  LiveSTRONG " wristbands that helped bring in the money . Before the interview with Winfrey , the disgraced cycling legend apologized to the staff of his cancer charity , a publicist for Livestrong Foundation said . Armstrong was tearful during the 15-minute meeting and did n't address the issue of steroid use in cycling , said Rae Bazzarre , director of communications for the foundation . Bazzarre added that Armstrong offered to the staff a "  sincere and heartfelt apology for the stress they 've endured because of him . " He urged them to keep working hard to help cancer survivors and their families . Armstrong in talks to return Postal Service money Banned for life The USADA hit Armstrong with a lifetime ban after the agency issued a 202-page report in October that said there was overwhelming evidence he was directly involved in a sophisticated doping program . The report detailed Armstrong 's alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs and blood transfusions . The USADA said it had tested Armstrong fewer than 60 times and the International Cycling Union conducted about 215 tests . "  Show one failed test , just one , " Ron Berg said , challenging the wave of public opinion against Armstrong . "  You ca n't , because he passed them all . ... They hate him for his success and tried to fail him , they could not . " The agency did not say that Armstrong ever failed a test , but his former teammates testified as to how they beat tests or avoided them altogether . Kurtz : Can even Oprah save Lance Armstrong ? Would a Lance Armstrong confession sway your opinion of him ? Share your comments below . CNN 's Steve Almasy and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Now is when the real work begins for Lance , " CNN iReporter says Oprah Winfrey says her team was "  mesmerized and riveted " by Armstrong interview "  I would say that he met the moment , " Winfrey tells "  CBS This Morning " The interview will air at 9 p.m. ET Thursday on the Oprah Winfrey Network
Hong Kong  CNN  -- After much anticipation , and against the wishes of the international community , North Korea finally pushed the button on its third underground nuclear test , this time using more sophisticated technology than its previous attempts . While it marks another milestone in the short , but increasingly eventful , reign of young leader Kim Jong Un , it also threatens to undermine an already fragile security situation in the region . How worried should we be about North Korea 's nuclear test ? It 's worrying but does this mean they can drop a nuclear weapon on Los Angeles ? Absolutely not . The notion that they are going to target the U.S. is way off the mark . Any time the North Koreans stage a test , it significantly improves their nuclear capabilities . This comes after they staged a rocket launch that was successful , a long range rocket which appears to have put a satellite into orbit . What they need to achieve to have the weapon they want is the capability to miniaturize a warhead and put it on a rocket . This test is n't going to do that in and of itself , but it is a significant step forward . What will happen next ? The U.N. Security Council will meet . South Korea is the chair this month so they get to call the agenda . There will be discussion about a much tougher sanctions resolution . The $ 64,000 question is whether the Chinese will in the end agree to anything significant enough for it to really affect North Korea . I think it 's certain , whatever the U.N. does , the U.S. will move on its own to ratchet up sanctions . I also think the Americans will beef up their military presence in the region . It will mean stronger anti-missile defenses going to South Korea and possibly Japan Why is China 's reaction so important ? The Chinese do n't like the idea of international sanctions and coercing other countries . They still have a strategic interest in maintaining a viable separate North Korea as a buffer against a pro-U.S. South Korea and that has only become more important as tensions between the U.S. and China have increased . Are you worried about NK 's tests ? Share your views with CNN On the other hand , a nuclear North Korea that is behaving in an adventuristic way risks very bad outcomes from the Chinese point of view . What China least wants is a more active , antagonistic , robust U.S. military presence in North East Asia in conjunction with the strengthening of military capabilities of allies who are not China 's friends . Chinese companies are more involved in North Korea than they were half a dozen years ago , so the Chinese stand to lose on that front if the U.S. tightens sanctions . Who really calls the shots in North Korea ? North Korean leader  Kim Jong Un has people around him but he 's driving the show . There 's no evidence to suggest that he 's not in charge . All the personnel changes he made he was able to make without enough pushback for it to matter . He 's got military people around him , and his uncle . I do n't see any evidence to see that he 's not ultimately in charge . How significant is the timing of the test ? It 's the birthday of Kim Jong Il  Kim Jong Un 's late father  on  Saturday  . Assuming this  test  is not a total dud , this will be ... great propaganda and they will play it to the hilt . North Koreans are extremely nationalistic . They may be hungry , they may be miserable but by God they 've got a bomb and they can stand up to the rest of the world and that really , really matters in North Korea . You also have a power transitions in Seoul , Tokyo  and the U.S.  . How can Barack Obama not devote more attention to North Korea in his State of the Union address ? Everyone is reacting to them and that 's how they  North Koreans  like it . What do n't we know ? We do n't know yet whether this was a test of a plutonium device or a uranium device . The previous two tests were plutonium . We know they have a uranium enrichment capability . We know that a uranium bomb , once they master it , is easier to make and they have deposits of uranium in North Korea so they can keep digging it up . If they have successfully detonated a uranium bomb and they have moved forward in the process of developing the technical capabilities to miniaturize it and put it on a war head , then in purely military terms it 's worrying The test also raises interesting questions on the proliferation front . The more successful they are with this program , the scarier the consequences should they choose , for example , to provide Iran with test data or fissile material or other information .	Test a "  step forward " in North Korea 's nuclear ambitions , says Chinoy U.S. likely to push for tougher sanctions , he says China 's reaction to nuclear test will be key Timing linked to power transitions in the region and propaganda value
CNN  -- The Tour de France remains one of the few prestigious events where spectators can almost reach out and touch the riders -- or throw urine on them as Mark Cavendish found out Wednesday . The British rider , who was absolved of any wrongdoing following a collision with Tom Veelers just 24 hours earlier , was the target of an angry fan as he rode through the 33 kilometer individual time trial between Avranches and Mont-Saint-Michel in Normandy . Cycling fans are very much split over Cavendish -- with some unimpressed by his perceived arrogance and large ego , while others love his insatiable desire to win . Cavendish refused to speak about the incident after being doused with urine by an irate spectator during an afternoon which he will quickly want to forget . His Omega Pharm teammate Tony Martin won the 11th stage with Chris Froome retaining the yellow jersey , but it was Cavendish who was again in the limelight . "  It is disappointing to hear about one individual like that , " Froome told reporters of the incident after extending his lead to three minutes and 25 seconds . "  That 's one of the beauties of our sport . Anyone can come and watch at the side of the road and enjoy the excitement and really get close to the top riders in the world . "  Mark is one of the big characters in the sport , and some people love him , some people hate him . "  But to do something disrespectful like that , that 's really sad . It ruins the whole atmosphere . " While it is thought to be the first time a cyclist has been assaulted in such a way during the Tour , there have been other instances where riders have been abused . In 1975 , Eddy Merckx was punched in the kidneys during his quest to claim a sixth Tour victory , while Lance Armstrong was given bodyguards in 2004 after being subjected to death threats . Cavendish has endured a couple of miserable days , missing out on a 25th stage win on Tuesday , while slipping 103 points adrift of green jersey leader Peter Sagan . Meanwhile , Omega Pharm team manager Patrick Lefevere revealed that Cavendish was feeling ` sad ' following the incident . "  I regret this , I always felt that cycling fans were gentlemen , enthusiastic people , " he told reporters "  Mark is sad , he 's not upset , just sad . I can not blame anyone , there are 100,000 or 200,000 people on the road , and one person decided to do this . " On the road , Martin claimed an expected victory in the time trial after finishing 12 seconds ahead of Froome . Martin , who had won his previous nine time trials in all competitions , finished the course with the third fastest time ever recorded on the Tour . But the German revealed he began to worry when Froome appeared to be challenging for victory . "  To be honest , I 'd almost given up hope of the stage win , " he told reporters . "  It was starting to look very disappointing when I saw Chris beat my times at the intermediate check . "  I nearly started to cry . I could n't believe it . I expected that Froome might get to within 30 seconds or something like that but not beating me at the intermediates . "  Now I 'm really happy and maybe it 's nicer to win this way . "	Mark Cavendish has urine thrown at him during 11th stage of the Tour de France Incident comes day after collision with Tom Veelers Chris Froome retains yellow jersey and extends lead to three minutes 25 seconds Germany 's Tony Martin won the 33 kilometer time trial
Tokyo  CNN  -- Former Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan said he was overwhelmed and afraid during last year 's nuclear meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi plant , acknowledging that little has been done since then to ensure that another nuclear disaster will not occur . Sounding like a fiery anti-nuclear activist , Kan Monday testified before a panel appointed by parliament to investigate the nuclear disaster . "  There was n't much information coming to me " from the government regulatory agency , NISA , or the plant 's operator , TEPCO , Kan said . "  I thought I could n't make any countermeasures in this crisis . I felt fear . " During his testimony , Kan turned a critical finger on himself , Japan 's bureaucrats and TEPCO , saying all were hoping the situation would not spiral more out of control . He said all often were more worried about protecting their jobs and turf than public safety . Kan specifically pointed to a request from TEPCO to evacuate the Fukushima plant -- a request he refused . "  The worst case scenario was that 30 million people would have to evacuate from the capital  Tokyo  , " Kan told the panel . "  That would come to within one inch of the end of this nation . " Kan said he did his best to share information with the public , but admitted there were n't many verified facts to share . Over the weekend , Yukio Edano , Kan 's former chief cabinet secretary , testified that his office rejected a U.S. offer to supply nuclear experts , saying it was "  not appropriate . " Kan told the panel that he heard about the U.S. offer after the fact , but supported Edano 's decision . Kan also spoke about Japan 's so-called "  nuclear village . " That 's the term used to describe the utilities , nuclear regulators , bureaucrats and academics who support the usage of nuclear energy in Japan . It 's a group Kan said shows no remorse for the disaster . The first priority of Japan 's new nuclear policy should be to dismantle the power of the nuclear village , along with all nuclear power plants , Kan said . "  I would like to say to the Japanese and to the world -- the safest nuclear policy is not to have any nuclear plants . "	Kan says his government refused the help of U.S. nuclear experts TEPCO wanted to evacuate its power plant during the meltdown , he says "  The safest nuclear policy is not to have any nuclear plants , " according to Kan Kan testified before a parliamentary panel Monday
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A 24-year-old gang member was arrested Thursday in connection with a shooting at a Los Angeles bus stop in which eight people were wounded , city officials said . Bystanders express shock after a shooting at a bus stop in Los Angeles Wednesday . Billy Ray Hines is believed to have fired into a crowd of people at the bus stop . Hines was apprehended Thursday afternoon as he was walking down the street , about a half-mile from the scene of the shooting , Police Chief William Bratton told reporters . Hines will face 10 counts of attempted murder -- one for each of the eight victims , and two more for what authorities believe to be his two intended victims , who were still being sought Thursday , Bratton said . Authorities are also seeking the gun used in the incident , he said . The shootings took place Wednesday afternoon at the intersection of Central and Vernon avenues , in an area where police are concerned about gang violence . Five of the victims were children . An 11-year-old girl was shot in the chest , and another girl , age 11 , was shot in the right arm . Three boys were wounded -- ages 10 , 12 and 14 . One was shot in the leg , one in the buttocks and the third in the ankle , police said . One man was wounded in the leg and another in the ankle , and a woman was shot in the face . "  While no one died yesterday , the bullets unleashed shot through the core of the entire community , " Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said in announcing the arrest Thursday . "  The decent people of this community responded with force . " Watch mayor , authorities discuss arrest of gunman " Witnesses came forward after the incident to identify the gunman as Hines , Bratton said . The shooting was believed to stem from a dispute between the gunman and the two intended victims , he said . E-mail to a friend	Billy Ray Hines is believed to have fired into a crowd , police say Eight people , including five children , were shot , authorities say Shooting happened Wednesday near a middle school , but not on school grounds Hines will face 10 counts of attempted murder , police say
New York  CNN  -- Just five days into his arbitration hearing , Alex Rodriguez filed suit Friday in New York Supreme Court against Major League Baseball and its commissioner , Bud Selig . He alleges that MLB and Selig "  engaged in tortious and egregious conduct with one and only one goal ... to destroy the reputation and career of Alex Rodriguez . " The lawsuit claims that in its investigation of Anthony Bosch and his Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in Miami , Major League Baseball engaged in vigilante justice to prove that Rodriguez was using performance enhancing drugs . Attorney : Rodriguez had ` consulting relationship ' with Biogenesis "  They have ignored the procedures set forth in baseball 's collectively bargained labor agreements ; violated the strict confidentiality imposed by these agreements ; paid individuals millions of dollars and made promises of future employment to individuals in order to get them to produce documents and to testify on MLB ' s behalf ; bullied and intimidated those individuals who refused to cooperate with their witch hunt ; and singled out  Rodriguez  for an unprecedented 211-game suspension -- the longest non-permanent ban in baseball history , " the suit says . Rodriguez , 38 , is fighting to overturn the suspension and has hired a high-priced team of lawyers , publicists and investigators . He has shown up each day during this week 's arbitration process at MLB 's Park Avenue headquarters . His lawsuit outside the arbitration process is an effort to save his reputation and his $ 25 million salary for the 2014 season . Rodriguez says the investigation , which was supposed to stay private , has permanently harmed his reputation and ensured that he will never again secure any endorsement contracts . The 31-page document includes a litany of allegations , including that MLB went around collective bargain agreements to make an example of Rodriguez and to "  gloss over Selig 's past inaction and tacit approval of the use of performance enhancing substances in baseball and to secure his legacy as the savior of America 's pastime . " Rodriguez fights suspension There are accusations that a representative of MLB purchased stolen documents for $ 150,000 in cash , documents presumably that would document Rodriguez 's use of performance enhancing drugs . In addition , the document says the same MLB representative engaged in an inappropriate sexual relationship with a witness in the case against Rodriguez . The suit suggests that in exchange for Bosch 's assistance , MLB promised to provide him security , pay his legal bills , and indemnify him for civil liability that may arise from his cooperation . It accuses Selig of conducting a witch hunt , and attacks his tenure as commissioner , mentioning the strike in 1994-1995 . It also gives says steroids were used by other players , including Mark McGuire , Sammy Sosa and Jose Canseco . The suit says that in its investigation of Rodriguez in the Biogenesis case that is currently before an arbitration panel at MLB headquarters in New York , baseball officials paid millions of dollars to individuals and bullied and intimidated them to produce documents that incriminated Rodriguez and to testify on MLB 's behalf . The document alleges that the lawsuit filed by MLB against Biogenesis is a sham aimed at obtaining information about MLB players . Rodriguez : ` I 'm fighting for my life ' Rodriguez is seeking compensatory and punitive damages from MLB , which he accuses of leaking stories to the media during the Biogenesis investigation . He also says an appearance by Selig on David Letterman 's show turned what was supposed to be a confidential disciplinary and appeal process into a public trial . "  Taking down Mr. Rodriguez , " the suit contends , "  would vividly demonstrate that Commissioner Selig had learned from the errors of his previous explicit or tacit tolerance of steroid use . " MLB 's actions were "  done solely with the intent of harming Mr. Rodriguez and interfering with his business relationships , " the suit says . In response , Major League Baseball issued a statement Friday calling the lawsuit "  a clear violation of the confidentiality provisions of our drug program " and an attempt to circumvent the collective bargaining agreement that laid out how MLB and the Major League Baseball Players Association handle the grievance process . "  While we vehemently deny the allegations in the complaint , none of those allegations is relevant to the real issue : whether Mr. Rodriguez violated the Joint Drug Prevention and Treatment Program by using and possessing numerous forms of prohibited performance-enhancing substances , including testosterone and human growth hormone , over the course of multiple years and whether he violated the Basic Agreement by attempting to cover up his violations of the program by engaging in a course of conduct intended to obstruct and frustrate the Office of the Commissioner 's investigation . " In a statement to CNN , Rodriguez said , "  The entire legal dynamic is very complex , and my legal team is doing what they need to in order to vindicate me and pursue all of my rights . This matter is entirely separate from the ongoing arbitration . I look forward to the arbitration proceedings continuing , and for the day to come when I can share my story with the public and my supporters . " Rodriguez 's suspension was far longer than the punishment handed down to 13 other players connected to Biogenesis . The others , including stars Ryan Braun of the Milwaukee Brewers and Nelson Cruz of the Texas Rangers , accepted their suspensions and did n't fight the league . Opinion : How A-Rod let us down	Rodriguez says MLB and Commissioner Selig "  engaged in tortious and egregious conduct " He says they have ignored "  baseball 's collectively bargained labor agreements " MLB , in response , says the suit is an attempt "  to circumvent the collective bargaining agreement " Rodriguez was handed a suspension much longer than 13 others in the Biogenesis probe
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Disney star Demi Lovato had an "  altercation " with a dancer on her concert tour before dropping out of the show to seek help with what her publicist called "  emotional and physical issues , " a source close to Lovato 's camp said Tuesday . Lovato left the world tour with the Jonas Brothers and checked into an inpatient treatment center last weekend , a statement released by her publicist said Monday . The altercation with the dancer , which the source did not describe , may have led to Lovato 's decision to leave , the source said . The same source denied media reports that Lovato fought with actress Ashley Greene , the current girlfriend of Joe Jonas . Lovato recently suffered a public end to a short romance with Jonas , one of the three brothers she had been traveling the world with . "  Demi Lovato left her tour early this weekend in order to seek medical treatment for emotional and physical issues she has dealt with for some time , " the publicist 's statement said . The publicist cautioned against describing the treatment as "  rehab . " "  Demi has decided to take personal responsibility for her actions and seek help , " the statement said . "  She is doing just that . " The entourage was scheduled to perform in Chile , Brazil and Argentina over the next two weeks . "  She regrets not being able to finish her tour , but is looking forward to getting back to work in the near future , " the statement said . No act will be added to replace Lovato on the tour , which has only six shows remaining , a source close to the Jonas Brothers said . The 18-year-old singer-actress has talked extensively about being bullied while in middle school . "  People say sticks and stones may break your bones , but names can never hurt you , but that 's not true , " Lovato wrote on a anti-bullying website last month . "  Words can hurt . They hurt me . Things were said to me that I still have n't forgotten . " Along with her solo music career , Lovato co-starred in Disney 's "  Camp Rock " movies . She also has the lead role in Disney 's TV series "  Sonny With a Chance . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : An "  altercation " with a tour dancer preceded Lovato 's decision , source says NEW : Source denies Lovato fought with Ashley Greene Jonas Brothers will not replace Lovato on their tour Lovato checks into an inpatient facility for treatment
Oak Creek , Wisconsin  CNN  -- In the strongest denunciation to date by a U.S. law enforcement official , Attorney General Eric Holder on Friday labeled the attack on a Sikh temple that killed six worshippers "  an act of terrorism , an act of hatred , a hate crime . " Holder spoke at an emotional memorial service for the victims of the attack that emphasized healing and forgiveness instead of retribution for the shooting rampage by an Army veteran who killed himself after being wounded by police gunfire . Since the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks , Sikhs in America have been targeted by revenge-seekers who apparently have mistaken them for Muslims , perhaps due to the traditional turbans they wear and their dark skin . "  In the recent past , too many Sikhs have been targeted and victimized simply because of who they are , how they look , and what they believe , " Holder said . "  That is wrong . It is unacceptable . And it will not be tolerated . " He called for a national discussion on changing laws to prevent future shooting attacks , as well as "  how we might change the hearts of those so filled with hate that the despicable act we mourn today could ever have occurred . " Holder mentioned no specific laws . Holder also declared the attack at the Sikh gurdwara , or house of worship , in a Milwaukee suburb to be "  an act of terrorism , an act of hatred , a hate crime "  that is anathema to the founding principles of our nation and to who we are as an American people . " Earlier , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker said the Sikh community lived the words of slain civil rights leader the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. this week by responding with love to the attack . Wearing an orange head covering in keeping with Sikh tradition , Walker quoted King 's assertion that only love can overcome hate , and said he witnessed that truth in the aftermath of Sunday 's attack at a Sikh temple in a Milwaukee suburb . "  This week , our friends and neighbors in the Sikh community have shown us the best way to respond is with love , " the Republican governor told the hundreds of mourners who filled the Oak Creek High School gymnasium for the service . As Friday 's service began , three Sikh musicians in dark turbans sat cross-legged on the ground next to a row of six coffins and large , framed photos of the dead . Mourners slowly walked past , including Sikhs in their traditional turbans and non-Sikhs using scarves and handkerchiefs to cover their heads in keeping with Sikh custom . "  You have taken this life . This is your will , " a prayer leader said between hymns sung over somber music . "  We accept your will . Please give us strength to bear this loss . " Remembering the victims At one point , a group of seven uniformed police officers joined the line to pay their respects , with some embracing family members of the victims . Overhead , a large video screen displayed projected photos of the dead and wounded in the attack , including police Lt. Brian Murphy , who remains hospitalized from multiple gunshot wounds after being the first responder to the temple on Sunday . Murphy 's family released a statement Friday thanking police and other emergency responders who rushed to the scene . "  We will never forget their heroic actions and quick thinking that saved so many lives on that terrible day . " The family also thanked medical staff and the Sikh community for including Murphy in prayers . Two Sikhs wounded in the attack remained hospitalized , Punjab Singh in critical condition and Santokh Singh upgraded to satisfactory , while another was treated and released earlier this week . The family of Santokh Singh said "  we are profoundly touched by the outpouring of support from people across the world . " Killed were five men -- Satwant Singh Kaleka , 65 ; Sita Singh , 41 ; Ranjit Singh , 49 ; Prakash Singh , 39 ; Suveg Singh , 84 -- and one woman , 41-year-old Paramjit Kaur . At Friday 's memorial service , relatives of the slain shared memories of their loved ones and encouraged the Sikh community to move past a crime that still remained beyond full comprehension . "  We must not fight fire with fire . We must not fight hate with hate , " said Kaleka 's son , Pradeep . "  My father used to say that you ca n't put a fire out by pouring gasoline on it . " The attacker , Wade Michael Page , was a 40-year-old former soldier-turned-front man for a white supremacist rock band . He killed himself in the parking lot of the gurdwara after being shot by a police officer , the FBI said Wednesday . Investigators say they found no clues to explain why Page went on the killing spree . Former Army colleagues said he espoused racist views during his military stint in the 1990s that became more pervasive after he left the service . Siblings ran to warn others of shooting The incident occurred slightly more than two weeks after a shooting at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , left 12 people dead and 58 wounded . Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson , who visited the gurdwara on Thursday , said more massacres will come unless the United States tightens up its gun laws . "  It 's easy to be polite to say ` We 're so sorry this happened ' and give the same speech at the next killing a month from now , " Jackson said , calling for a move from "  politeness to a change in policy . " Jackson delivered the closing prayer at Friday 's memorial service . A CNN/ORC International poll released Thursday indicates that the public remains divided on gun laws , with 50 % saying they favor no restrictions or only minor restrictions on firearm ownership and 48 % supporting major restrictions or a complete ban by individuals except police and other authorized personnel . Those numbers are identical to where they were in 2011 , and the number who support major restrictions or a complete ban has remained in the 48 % - to-50 % range for more than a decade . The CNN survey was conducted by ORC International on Tuesday and Wednesday , after the attack on the Sikh temple . Sikhs repair , reclaim temple after rampage Also Thursday , temple members swept , scrubbed and painted over damage to their building when investigators allowed them back inside four days after the attack . A lone bullet hole remained in a metal door frame , which members say wo n't be repaired . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Poppy Harlow and David Mattingly contributed to this report .	NEW : Families of wounded release statements Attorney General Holder says the attack was anathema to American values Mourners hold an emotional memorial service in a high school gymnasium Six Sikhs were killed in the shooting attack at their temple last Sunday
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Rescue workers pulled a woman out of rubble near Haiti 's national cathedral Tuesday , a week after a magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck . The rescue crews believe two other people may be alive under wreckage nearby , in part because of a text message the crews believe was sent from under the rubble , a CNN crew reported . Men carried the woman , Ena Zizi , who is in her 70s , from the rubble on a wooden board as she grasped its edges . They took her to a nearby clinic , although it does n't have the operating facilities needed to treat her , the CNN crew reported . Zizi 's right femur was fractured and she was in shock , the crew reported . iReport : Search list of the missing and the found Her son , Maxime Janvier , told CNN that he never gave up hope that she 'd be found . "  We were praying a lot for that to happen , " he said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Tuesday that about 90 victims have been saved by 43 international rescue teams , made up of some 1,700 people , in the days after the quake . Full coverage l Twitter updates The earthquake struck the afternoon of January 12 . Its epicenter was just south of Port-au-Prince .	Ena Zizi , in her 70s , lasted seven days in rubble near national cathedral Zizi taken to clinic , though it does n't have the operating facilities needed to treat her Woman 's son : We never gave up hope that she 'd be found Rescue crews believe two other people may be alive under wreckage nearby
CNN  -- Goalkeeper Tim Howard says the explosion of interest in soccer in the United States is "  mind-blowing " off the back of Team USA 's surprise progression from the World Cup "  Group of Death " to the last 16 . Few gave the U.S. team much chance of finishing in the top two from the likes of Germany , Portugal and Ghana , but it has defied the pundits to reach the knockout stages . Howard , who plays for Everton in the English Premier League , has been a key figure , making a string of fine saves to restrict group winners Germany to a 1-0 win Thursday . It left Team USA tied on four points with Portugal , but qualifying for a match against Belgium next Tuesday because of a superior goal difference . The 35-year-old veteran of 103 internationals had also been in top form as the U.S. tied Portugal 2-2 in its second group match , building on its 2-1 win over Ghana to start the tournament . The huge support in Brazil , an estimated four times as many U.S. fans as followed England 's under achieving team , plus unprecedented scenes across America with fans crowding to watch games on big screens , has come as something of a surprise to New Jersey-born Howard . "  The fact that it has really swept the nation is incredible for us as American players to see that , " he told CNN . "  The interest has been mind-blowing and we 've enjoyed watching every second of YouTube clips and Instagram and Twitter , " "  We 've come so far in a short period of time . You know , the sport in our country really is n't that old , " he added . Howard also believes coach Jurgen Klinsmann has been vindicated for his selections after coming under fire before the start of the World Cup for leaving out fan favorite Landon Donovan and picking four German-born players in his squad . "  He 's from day one made a lot of bold , powerful decisions . Some people call it cutthroat even , " he said . "  But he 's strong in his decision making , and that 's what a leader has to be . You can never waver . " Klinsmann said Friday he was "  optimistic " striker Jozy Altidore will return from injury to play against Belgium after sustaining a hamstring injury in the win over Ghana . Another key player , midfielder Jermaine Jones , has also been cleared to play despite breaking his nose in the narrow loss to Germany . Howard believes they can provide another upset to beat Belgium , which won all of its three group matches , building on the momentum of earlier performances . "  We have a lot of other things we want to do , starting with Belgium , but you know we 're proud of ourselves . We worked hard . "  It was the Group of Death , and people did n't give us a lot of a chance . We have to believe we can do it , " he added . Howard -- who spent four years with Manchester United before transferring to Everton -- has become something of a cult hero , sporting a thick black beard in direct contrast to his shaven head . He had first grown it during the last EPL season and has changed his mind once or twice about its merits . "  It was my strength . I loved it , and then I cut it . I just cut it because I was tired of it . "  But I just decided to grow it back . There 's never a rhyme or reason when I decide to grow it . It just happened . " Howard will be hoping it brings his side luck again when it faces Belgium , looking to reach the quarterfinals of a World Cup for the first time since 2002 .	Team USA celebrating passage to last 16 of World Cup Goalkeeper Tim Howard has played key role Howard thanks fans for their support Striker Jozy Altidore winning race to face Belgium in last 16
CNN  -- Adam Scott , bidding to become just the second man in more than two decades to win the Masters in back-to-back years , kicks off his title defense in the company of Jason Dufner and Matthew Fitzpatrick . Scott , who downed Angel Cabrera in a second playoff hole in 2013 , and Dufner share at least one thing in common : They won their opening majors last year . In Scott 's case , it ended years of near misses at golf 's biggest events . The famously laid-back Dufner -- "  Dufnering " is a phenomenon -- captured the PGA Championship about four months after Scott became the first Australian to wear the famous green jacket and 19-year-old Fitzpatrick has earned a reputation , too . Last August he became the first Englishman to claim the U.S. Amateur Championship in more than 100 years . They begin round 1 at Augusta at 10:41 a.m. local time Thursday . Scott , the highest-ranked golfer in the field because of Tiger Woods ' absence , has already been on the course this year , playing a round with his father last week . "  No doubt he had a great time , " Scott was quoted as saying by the Golf Channel . "  And so did I. " Scott , according to British bookmaker William Hill , is the joint favorite with former No. 1 Rory McIlroy , who starts alongside Jordan Spieth and Patrick Reed 11 minutes after Scott . Phil Mickelson , Ernie Els and Justin Rose -- who own a combined 10 majors -- are the second-last trio to get underway , at 1:48 p.m. on Thursday . Three-time Masters champion Mickelson enters the tournament under an injury cloud , pulling out of the Texas Open with a side injury late last month . Woods misses out after undergoing back surgery .	Reigning champion Adam Scott paired with Jason Dufner at Masters Playing alongside Scott and Dufner is U.S. Amateur champ Matthew Fitzpatrick Rory McIlroy plays with Jordan Spieth and Patrick Reed in opening two rounds Major winners Phil Mickelson , Ernie Els and Justin Rose are paired together
GREENVILLE , Alabama  CNN  -- Willie Thornton is on a rescue mission . One morning in March he set out to save Desmond Dunklin , a 19-year-old who should have graduated last year from Greenville High School in Greenville , Alabama . Willie Thornton , 48 , is the dropout prevention coordinator at Greenville High School in rural Alabama . Thornton , 48 , the school 's dropout prevention coordinator , and Lt. Malcolm Owens , the school 's police officer , drive the five minutes to Dunklin 's house . "  I need for you to show up , " Thornton tells a sleepy Dunklin , who clearly has just been awakened by the men 's repeated knocking on his door . Dunklin had n't been attending school regularly , despite six or seven home visits from Thornton . Thornton has been teaching for 16 years , but this is his first year running the dropout prevention program . It is his job to mentor , encourage , counsel and cajole 70 students considered at-risk for dropping out . His school in rural Butler County claims a 75 percent graduation rate , but a number of those kids do n't get out within four years . The Southern Education Foundation , an education research group , says only about six in 10 students in Butler County graduate within four years . The number sounds shockingly low , but it 's actually not far off the national average . A 2008 study by America 's Promise Alliance , a group founded by former Secretary of State Colin Powell , concluded that only 52 percent of students in the nation 's 50 largest school systems graduate in four years . About 57 percent of Hispanic and 53 percent of African-American students graduate with a regular diploma in four years , according to the study , which puts the national graduation rate at 70 percent . "  Finishing high school is absolutely basic to being a success at any place in our society . We ca n't afford this , " Powell said . "  If we lose these youngsters from our educational system , it does n't mean they 're all going to jail , " Powell said . "  It just means they 're not going to have the same earning potential as they would if they finished school . And ultimately that will affect them , and it will affect the nation . " "  I need to finish school , " Dunklin says after a meeting with Thornton and his mother . "  My mama wants me to graduate , tells me I ca n't get a job if I do n't graduate . " She 's right . Even people with diplomas struggle to find work in Butler County . "  Our stores , Wal-Mart , eatery places are really demanding our students have high school diplomas , and we respect that , " Thornton said . "  We really respect that because we want them to be completers . " In March , Thornton and hundreds of other educators , business leaders and grassroots activists gathered to brainstorm ways to solve the dropout problem . The meeting was funded in part by America 's Promise Alliance , which is chaired by Powell 's wife , Alma Powell . One of the charity 's goals is to hold more than 100 of these dropout prevention summits across the country and raise alarm bells and create an army of foot soldiers like Thornton to crush the problem General Powell calls a "  catastrophe . " Alma Powell : Every 26 seconds a child drops out of school " "  It 's a ground game , " he said . "  There 's no Hail Mary pass . This is going to be a yard-at-a-time as we go after this problem . " Alma Powell was the featured speaker at the dropout prevention summit Thornton attended . "  You can not afford to let one go , " she said . "  You can not give up . " Thornton is someone who does n't give up . In late May , Dunklin , donned the green cap and gown of Greenville High School , walked across the stage and received a folder and a handshake from principal Charles Farmer . Dunklin did n't earn a diploma ; he received a certificate indicating he finished coursework in an independent study program . Alabama still considers him a dropout ; he must complete more classes and tests to receive an actual diploma . It 's a start , Thornton says . "  The benefit is basically for a student to say that ' I can ' and ` I 've raised my self-esteem enough , ' because prior to that most of them in their hearts have already quit , " Thornton said . "  What we do here -LSB- in the dropout prevention program -RSB- is try to gain some sort of success story that they own . And we try to build story by story . That gains a lot of energy and hope , " he said . "  When you lose hope , you lose everything . " Dunklin insists he is done with school , but Thornton still has n't given up . "  I think once he starts seeing what he needs . He 'll come back . "	Willie Thornton , 48 , runs a dropout prevention program in rural Alabama Thornton is trying to lower the school 's dropout rate ; He mentors 70 at-risk students Study : 53 percent of black students , 57 percent Latinos graduate within four years Retired Gen. Colin Powell says minority dropout rate is a ` catastrophe '
