Ibadan , Nigeria  CNN  Along the Niger Delta , an abundance of vivid purple flowers are blooming gently on the surface of the water , adding a touch of color to the inland waterways . But that 's where the beauty ends because these striking flowers are water hyacinths -- an aquatic weed wreaking havoc in local communities and ruining water supplies . Not only does this fast-growing water pest curtail access to waterways and cause problems for local fishermen , it also depletes nutrients from the water , which in turn reduces fish populations . But where many see an invasive aquatic nuisance , Nigerian entrepreneur Achenyo Idachaba identified a business opportunity . Setting up shop in Ibadan , a city in the south-west region of Nigeria , she began harvesting the water hyacinth and transforming the waste product into intricately handcrafted everyday items . "  What we do is take an environmental problem and turn it into a win-win solution , " Idachaba explains . The 46-year-old entrepreneur has always had a passion for sustainable development . Over the years she has consulted on various environmental projects relating to waste recovery . But turning these watery weeds into a tangible , bespoke craft was the first idea to really catch her entrepreneurial eye . Splitting her time between Nigeria and the United States -- where she was born -- she finally returned from the diaspora in 2009 and three years later founded MitiMeth . In 2013 , the company was awarded a grant from the Federal Government of Nigeria allowing the small startup to grow and take seven full-time staff on board as well as provide work opportunities to local artisans during busy periods . Making each craft depends on the climate and having enough hands to work . The weeds are harvested from a myriad of local water channels and laid out in the sun to dry out , which can take anywhere from four days to two weeks in the rainy season . Once dry , they are then processed into the rope required to weave products together . In addition to creating beautiful woven handicrafts , Idachaba wanted to offer local communities skills and potential business ideas . Along with the MitiMeth team , she has branched out into eight communities , mainly in the Niger Delta , training and educating residents on how to take this watery menace and transform it into rope for weaving products . "  We help them to see the invasive weed through a different lens in terms of this could actually become a source of livelihood , " she says . "  We go in and train them on how to harvest the material from the waterways , we tell them how they are supposed to dry it and then we teach them how to weave the water hyacinth . We also demonstrate the type of products that they could make . "  After we assist them with basic training , the rest is left up to their own creativity and we see them use the skills they have acquired to turn them into products that we 've never even mentioned . " So far , Idachaba has been marketing her products online to a largely Nigerian customer base while also selling through third party retail outlets in Lagos . But the businesswoman wants to take her startup further in 2015 . "  We want to see ourselves as the number one maker of eco-friendly handicrafts -- that are telling this very unique story about how we have transformed Nigeria 's problem of water hyacinth into a beneficial solution . " She adds : "  And to build on that  to  become one of the major non-oil sector exporters of products from Nigeria . "	Achenyo Idachaba returned to Nigeria in 2009 hoping to start a business Always interested in the environment , Idachaba noticed an abundance of water hyacinth It is a fresh water weed known for clogging waterways , lowering fish populations She decided to take the environmental pest and turn it into beautiful handcrafts
CNN  -- Few 15-year-olds can claim to make history , but Martin Odegaard is fast accumulating a clutch of firsts in football . By coming on as a second half substitute in Norway 's clash with Bulgaria on Monday , he became the youngest player ever to appear in European Championships qualifying at just 15 years and 300 days . He is already the youngest player to represent his country -- featuring in a friendly with United Arab Emirates in August -- as well as the youngest player , and scorer , in the country 's top league . And Odegaard did n't look out of place during his 27-minute cameo , as Norway beat Bulgaria 2-1 in its Euro 2016 Group H clash . No wonder then , that scouts from clubs all over Europe -- including English Premier League pair Manchester United and Liverpool -- are on the tail of one of the continent 's hottest prospects . "  In the beginning it was unreal and a little bit surreal that all these clubs wanted Martin , but it 's strange what you can get used to , " his father Hans Erik Odegaard told CNN last month . "  Almost every top European club has been in touch . " Ex-Norway international Morten Gamst Pedersen has described Odegaard 's potential as "  unbelievable , " while manager Ronny Deila -- who gave the teen his Stromsgodset debut before joining Scottish club Celtic -- says he can "  become the best in the world . " And if the teeanger 's ascent in the game carries on at this pace , soon he and his father will have a big decision to make on his future . "  I saw from a very early age that ` he had the feeling , ' but I remember very well when I knew he 'd be quite good , " Odegaard 's father , a former footballer at Stromsgodset and Sandefjord , added . "  I was still playing and Martin must have been no more than eight . I was out on the pitch running some intervals . He was , as always , with me . When I was finished I wanted to go home , but we could n't before he had done 50 more shots  at goal  . "  Then I understood he also had a talent for training and that is the most important talent you can have . " It is conceivable Odegaard may get to showcase his talents on one of the biggest soccer stages of all given Norway 's impressive start to its Euro 2016 campaign . That 2-1 victory , earned thanks to goals from Tarik Elyounossi and Havard Nielsen , put Norway third in its group , behind Croatia , who are top , and Italy . Croatia thrashed Azerbaijan 6-0 while Italy edged past Malta 1-0 thanks to a first senior goal for Graziano Pelle , who plays for Southampton in the English Premier League . Icelandic inspiration The biggest shock of the night came in Reykjavik where Iceland made it three wins out of three after beating Netherlands 2-0 . It is the first time in Iceland 's history it has won the opening three matches of a qualifying campaign without conceding a goal . Just like he was in the win over Latvia on Friday , Gylfi Sigurdsson was Iceland 's hero , scoring twice in a famous win over a side that finished third at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . Sigurdsson , who plays in the English Premier League with Swansea , grabbed his first from the penalty spot after Stefan de Vrij fouled Birkir Bjarnason , firing powerfully past Jasper Cillessen . Bayern Munich star Arjen Robben had a chance to level matters but he wasted a glorious chance , heading wide from a pinpoint Daley Blind cross . And he would be made to pay for that miss as Sigurdsson doubled his account with a fierce volley into the roof of the net following a corner . Netherlands had opportunities in the second half as it pressed to get back in the game but Iceland could have added to its tally on the counter attack . Iceland , who are managed jointly by former Sweden manager Lars LagerbÃ $ ck and Heimir Hallgrisson , are now six points ahead of Netherlands , who are languishing in third . The other clashes in Group A saw the Czech Republic triumph 4-2 in Kazakhstan while Latvia and Turkey drew 1-1 in Riga . Elsewhere , much-fancied Belgium were held to a 1-1 draw with Bosnia in Group B , Manchester City striker Edin Dzeko 's opener canceled out by Radja Nainggolan . That means Wales , led by Real Madrid star Gareth Bale , now sit top after it held on with 10-men to beat Cyprus 2-1 . David Cotterill grabbed the first before Bale set up Hal Robson-Kanu for the second . Vincent Laban pulled one back for the visitors but Wales held on in the face of some heavy second half pressure after Andy King was sent off . Wales has only ever qualified for one major tournament in its history , the World Cup back in 1958 . It faces Belgium next .	Martin Odegaard becomes youngest player in European Championships qualifying The 15-year-old comes on as a substitute in Norway 's 2-1 win over Bulgaria Iceland beat Netherlands 2-0 to make it three wins out of three in qualifying Belgium and Bosnia draw 1-1 while there were wins for Italy , Wales and Croatia
CNN  -- On Wednesday night , Blake Shelton brought together an all-star lineup for a benefit concert to help those in Oklahoma recover from last week 's devastating tornado . The event , called "  Healing in the Heartland , " was held in front of a sold-out crowd at Oklahoma City 's Chesapeake Energy Arena , and broadcast on NBC . Shelton , a coach on the network 's singing competition "  The Voice , " tapped fellow Okies Vince Gill , Reba McEntire and Ryan Tedder of OneRepublic to perform alongside Usher , Luke Bryan , Darius Rucker , Rascal Flatts and Shelton 's wife , Miranda Lambert . Lambert gave a particularly emotional performance during the telethon , as she choked up in the middle of her song , "  The House That Built Me . " The lauded country artist made it about halfway through before tears overtook her ability to sing , and the audience cheered their support and stepped in to carry the song until Lambert could continue . Her husband joined his fellow "  The Voice " coach Usher to close out the show with another poignant performance , this time of Michael BublÃ © 's "  Home . " "  I 'm here tonight with some of my closest friends from Oklahoma and beyond to join in and help with the rebuilding and recovery of this land that means so much to me , " Shelton said during the concert , which carried on in the midst of another severe weather threat . Vince Gill , for one , was n't going to let that stop him from his mission of uplift . "  I told somebody tonight , I said , ` Well , if another one comes and they tear some more stuff down , we 'll help 'em build that back up , too ! ' " the country singer said with a laugh . Gill is from the area , having grown up roughly 10 miles north of where a monstrous tornado ripped through Moore , Oklahoma , on May 20 , leaving 24 dead , including nine children . "  Your heart hurts for those people and those kids who got killed . ... It rips your guts out every time , " Gill said . "  They 're struggling and they 've lost everything they have , a lot of people . Their homes , their possessions , their pictures and their whole history is gone in a flash . You ca n't do anything but reach out and say , ` We 're here . ' " Money raised during the telethon is going to the United Way of Central Oklahoma 's relief fund . If there 's a silver lining to be found , Gill said , it is in the humanity seen during a crisis . "  When times are tough like this , people step up and help each other . It 's a human element and a human touch and it 's awesome to see that , " he said . OneRepublic 's Tedder , who grew up in Tulsa , Oklahoma , said he hopes those who watched the show "  will take away just the overwhelming sense of pride in the state of Oklahoma , and the people . I mean , these are the nicest people on Earth , " he told CNN . "  I 've lived all over the country now , and the one consistent thing that every different state says about Oklahoma is , ` Yeah , I went there once . I drove to Tulsa , I went here , I stayed there . Nicest people I 've ever met , they 'd give you the shirt of their back . ' And that is the nature of Oklahomans . ... And I think the whole country sees it . " CNN 's Denise Quan and Nischelle Turner contributed to this report .	Blake Shelton 's "  Healing for the Heartland " had an all-star lineup The event was held in Oklahoma City in front a sold-out crowd Miranda Lambert choked up while singing "  The House That Built Me " Funds raised from the telethon will go to the United Way of Central Oklahoma
CNN  -- One of the men taken into custody in connection with the suspected kidnapping of a 2-year-old boy and a double homicide in Rhode Island was arraigned Monday , police said . He is Daniel Rodriguez . The initial suspect in the case , Malcolm Crowell , has been released and there are no plans to charge him , according to Johnston Police Chief Richard Tamburini . An Amber Alert was issued for the boy on Sunday and he was found wandering the streets of Providence . The mother and daughter , Evelyn Burgos , 40 , and Vanessa Perez , 25 , both were shot to death , officials said . Police said Crowell helped police recover the boy , who Tamburini said is Burgos ' son . Police now list the boy 's name as Isaiah . Earlier , his first name was listed as Isaih . The child appeared to be in good health when checked out at a hospital , Johnston Police Deputy Chief Daniel Parrillo said . "  A patrolman found him while on patrol just walking on the sidewalk , " he said . Police now say Crowell , 22 , was helpful in the recovery of the child . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Elizabeth Landers and Marina Carver contributed to this report .	Daniel Rodriguez is accused of killing a mother and daughter A 2-year-old boy was found wandering a street after police issued an Amber Alert Sunday Malcolm Crowell , initially identified as a suspect , is not charged , police say
London , England  CNN  -- The new English Premier League season kicks off with the first round of fixtures this weekend - Fanzone details what to expect from the new campaign : So what 's new ? There is no doubting the biggest Premier League news of the close season was Rafa Benitez leaving Liverpool to join European Champions League holders Inter Milan . With the increasingly cranky Spaniard gone , Liverpool plumped for Roy Hodgson who defied the odds last term by taking little old Fulham to the UEFA Cup final . Hodgson has arrived at Anfield bearing gifts : Chelsea 's out-of-contract midfielder Joe Cole , who joined the Reds swapping places with the Israeli Yossi Benayoun , and Danish hard man Christian Poulsen . Frugality , however , clearly remains the order of the day in English football . That is apart from big spending Manchester City who continued to sprinkle some much needed glitz into the title race with big-name signings such as Yaya Toure , David Silva and Jerome Boateng . Such an outlay means that Roberto Mancini will now be under tremendous pressure to deliver a top-four finish . If City are going to upset the status quo they will need to stop the Chelsea juggernaut . Last season the London side boasted easily the league 's strongest squad -- particularly up front where they were able to draw on the goal-scoring abilities of Didier Drogba and Nicolas Anelka . This term they will benefit should Brazilian international midfielder Ramires replace Michael Ballack but the move of Ricardo Carvalho to Real Madrid could prove a major loss . The red half of Manchester continues to take a cautious approach to their spending with Alex Ferguson opting for talented young prospects to boost his squad with the likes of Fulham defender Chris Smalling , Mexican forward Javier Hernandez and Portuguese striker Bebe . Arsenal spent the close season battling to hold onto their captain Cesc Fabregas while attempting to plug the gaps in an already porous defence created by the departure of William Gallas , Sol Campbell , Philippe Senderos and Mikael Silvestre . Initial signs from Arsenal 's preseason suggest that Arsene Wenger may have once again pulled a couple of rabbits out of his hat with the signing of new boys Laurent Koscielny and Marouane Chamakh . Arsenal will have to be on top of their game if they are to once again keep the likes of Manchester City and Champions League debutants Tottenham Hotspur from overtaking them . If being relatively hard-up was n't enough of a cross to bear for the Premier League 's football bosses , they have also had to deal with a new ` home-grown ' ruling which demands squads must contain no more than 25 players over 21 with eight of those having spent at least three years in England from under the age of 21 . The aim of this new law is to encourage young talent in the British game and to prevent the stockpiling of foreign stars . Take note , Roberto Mancini . Key players : When all was said and done last season , Chelsea won the title because they could rely on the goal-scoring heroics of two world class strikers : Didier Drogba and Nicolas Anelka . When one was injured or out of sorts , the other would come into the team and do the business . No other side could boast such an embarrassment of riches especially in these financially difficult times . Ferguson will need at least one of Dimitar Berbatov , Michael Owen , Federico Macheda or Javier Martinez to help lessen the burden on Wayne Rooney if United are to wrestle the title back from Chelsea . Meanwhile , if Liverpool are to fire their way back into the Champions league , new boy Milan Jovanovic , who turned down Real Madrid to join the Anfield outfit , will need to offer the kind of goal threat that the side so often lacked in the absence of Fernando Torres . Key clubs : Once again , all eyes will be on Manchester City to see if they can maintain an assault on the top spots . Last season , many of their new signings failed to gel and a lack of consistency saw Tottenham seize that crucial Champions League slot . City 's squad looks considerably stronger this season with a number of big name signings . Their bid for European football may be made easier if Spurs struggle to cope with the increased demands of playing in Europe . Outside of Manchester United and Chelsea , the only club who could conceivably make a bid for the title are Arsenal . However , unless Arsene Wenger can fix his side 's defensive frailties , a lack of steel could prove to be their undoing again . At the other end of the table , the Premier League welcomes back Newcastle United who spent last season in the Championship but returned as worthy champions . The Magpies are joined by perennial yo yo club West Bromwich Albion and Blackpool who are led by the ever entertaining Ian Holloway . The team known as "  The Tangerines " -- due to their bright orange kits -- may not be expected to gain many points this coming season but should be entertaining . Expert view : CNN 's Alex Thomas - "  12 months ago , I correctly predicted that Chelsea would stop Manchester United 's run of Premier League triumphs -- but that does n't make it any easier to pick this season 's English champions . "  Chelsea 's squad is still strong , although their defense is weaker now that Ricardo Carvalho has left and Alex is injured . And I 'm not convinced by Branislav Ivanovic at center half . "  However , the Blues should be stronger in attack if Florent Malouda and Salomon Kalou build on the improvement they showed last season , while Michael Essien and Jon Obi Mikel will benefit from the extra rest after injuries prevented them playing at the World Cup . "  Although plenty of experts predict an open race for the Premier League title , it 's hard to see anyone but Manchester United pushing the champions by the time we get to the dying weeks of the season . "  Even Alex Ferguson admitted his team missed Cristiano Ronaldo last season but wingers Nani and Antonio Valencia will only get better and the club has bought well . If they add an attacking midfielder to their squad they are my pick to win back the title . "  The other two places in the top four will be contested by the usual suspects and I see money talking loudest , with Manchester City finishing behind United and Chelsea but above Arsenal and Tottenham . "  Liverpool will have a fight on their hands to improve one place to sixth , with Merseyside rivals Everton their closest challengers . Martin O'Neill 's late exit has shot Aston Villa in the foot . "	Champions Chelsea still the team to beat thanks to Drogba/Anelka strike force Roberto Mancini under heightened pressure to challenge for the title Manchester United 's new striker Javier Fernandez must lessen goal-scoring burden on Wayne Rooney
CNN  -- Rarely seen by outsiders , the daily life of a regional Taliban commander named Dawran and his militant fighters is dominated by extremes : love and war , attack and retreat , life and death . For nine days in October 2009 , Norwegian journalist Paul Refsdal was behind the lines with the Taliban , embedded as no Western filmmaker before him . And he was there to witness firsthand the jarring juxtapositions in Dawran 's life , at turns -- directing an attack against U.S. forces in Afghanistan 's treacherous mountains -- then hours later at home , a father playing with his children . To capture these intimate and unprecedented images , Refsdal risked his life to embed with Dawran and his fighters in Kunar Province -- the northeastern region where al Qaeda is active and Osama bin Laden was once rumored to be hiding . Q&A : Kidnapped by the Taliban Refsdal said he does n't know the number of militants under Dawran 's command , but included in their ranks is another of Dawran 's sons -- a boy 12 or 13 years old . The son carries a machine gun nearly as large as he is , Refsdal said . "  For Dawran ... it 's not something bad to send your ... son out to fight , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper , because Dawran believes that " ... his son will come to heaven when and if he dies in this war . " There are many different groups that make up the Taliban , and they are fighting for many different reasons . Dawran says he and his men joined the Taliban to drive out foreign forces from his district . "  We fight for our freedom , our religion , our honor and we fight for our land , " Dawran tells Refsdal . Commanding his forces from a house built of stone and clay , he says he relies on contributions to fund his operation . Firm casualty figures for both sides in the decade-long war are hard to come by . It 's not known how many Taliban forces have been killed fighting U.S.-led coalition forces . According to the Pentagon , more than 2,200 coalition troops have died in Afghanistan since U.S. forces invaded in response to the 9/11 attacks . More than 1,400 Americans are among those coalition deaths . As he urges his fighters to battle , Dawran questions coalition motives . "  For what purpose are they fighting us ? " asks Dawran . "  Are they oppressed ? Have they been treated unfair ? Are they living in a dictatorship ? " Oppression is an accusation critics have aimed at the Taliban for decades . They rule their lives by an extremely strict interpretation of Islam . In places under their control , women shroud their faces and bodies in burqas and girls are forbidden to attend school . "  There is nothing that Islam does not have the solution for , " Abdul Rahman , a local Taliban judge , explains to Refsdal . "  If a person cuts off another person 's hand , then according to Islamic law , you have the right to retaliate and cut his hand off . It 's the same with the ears , the teeth the eyes and the nose . " The Taliban government ruled Afghanistan -- and gave safe harbor to al Qaeda terrorist training camps -- from the mid-1990s until 2001 . Leaders refused to extradite bin Laden , prompting the U.S. invasion which toppled the Taliban government and made way for national elections . A decade later , Dawran 's fighters march through Kunar 's difficult terrain with heavy firearms and bandoliers of ammunition slung across their shoulders . Some wear traditional Afghan clothing and others dress in camouflage military fatigues as they trudge across canyons dotted with rocks , small trees and scrubby vegetation . As Refsdal films , Dawran directs an attack on U.S. troops , coordinating the operation by hand-held radio from a mountain perch overlooking a valley road hundreds of feet below . Eighty holy warriors are participating in this assault , Dawran says . They 've taken positions in eight different places in groups of ten men each . "  Attack , attack , with the help of God ! " Dawran shouts into his radio . "  You hit the vehicle , you hit it ! " But did the fighters damage a vehicle or kill coalition forces as they thought ? The answer seems to be no . Apparently , the attack was n't even worthy of a report . CNN contacted coalition headquarters . A U.S. press officer searched through 1,800 reports from October 2009 and said , "  To be clear : we have no reports of any Taliban attacks in that area during the timeframe given . " As the attack ends , the sound of gunfire echoes across the valley , a plume of smoke rising in the distance . "  Taliban are like most Muslim insurgents , " said Refsdal . "  When they have spare time , they read the Quran . They do n't train . From what I could see from the firing they were not very accurate . " He acknowledges that he expects criticism for being embedded with fighters trying to ambush coalition forces . "  I understand that this is very emotional for people -- especially people in the armed forces , " Refsdal told Cooper . "  I 'm a journalist , I just film what happened . " The war has become "  routine " for this band of Taliban fighters , said Refsdal . "  They do an ambush and then spend the rest of the day sitting around gossiping on the radio . They sit , they drink a lot of tea and they have some games they are playing . " One of the games is a simple rock throwing contest . Standing in a relatively flat clearing , the men square off to see who can throw heavy rocks the farthest . Most use a two-handed thrust-from-the-chest technique . In the end , the commander wins . "  This is everyday life , " Refsdal told Cooper . "  This is the Taliban . " One day , Refsdal notices Dawran is nervous about a suspicious plane flying over the Taliban fighter 's hideout . The commander orders Refsdal to remain inside . Later , Refsdal hears gunfire . Dawran knocks at the door telling Refsdal to get out immediately . "  Leave your things , " the commander says . "  Run . " "  We found an old abandoned shed and we slept there during the night " as the gunfire continued , said Refsdal . By daybreak Refsdal is told that a dozen people -- including Dawran 's top lieutenant -- had been killed in a Special Forces raid . Refsdal finds Dawran "  crying like a kid " over his lost men . Later , Dawran flees with his family , fearing for his life . Refsdal knows that the images he captured will be surprising to many -- and disturbing to some . But he feels confident that the images are authentic , not an attempt at propaganda . If the Taliban wanted to create propaganda , they would demonstrate a show of strength -- not their softer side , he said . "  Showing them -LSB- selves -RSB- as humans , they do n't understand any purpose of that . "	Norwegian journalist Paul Refsdal embedded with the Taliban last year to capture daily life Rarely seen by outsiders , he saw plans for attacks as well as a home life of the Taliban Refsdal says he knows that the images he captured will be surprising to many , and disturbing to some
EW.com  -- -LSB- Spoiler Alert : Plot points for The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo , book and movie , are discussed here . -RSB- Fans of Stieg Larsson 's original novel may have noticed that David Fincher 's adaptation of "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo " made a few changes to the story , although more in terms of what was left out than what was stuck in . That 's because any adaptation of a book of this length is going to need a bit of streamlining unless you want to opt for the recent trend of Hollywood mitosis that 's splitting everything up into an infinite series of Part 1s and Part 2s . Fincher estimates that about 350 pages had to go in order to get the story down to watchable movie length , and according to screenwriter Steven Zaillian , much of that was in the very beginning . ` Magic Mike ' : Peek at male-stripper movie "  I think there were probably about a hundred pages setting everything up , " Zaillian tells EW , "  in terms of Blomkvist and his situation . There 's probably another 50 or 60 pages of -LSB- Larsson -RSB- doing the same thing with Salander . Those things obviously had to go . " One of the few subplots to get dropped entirely was Blomkvist 's romantic liaison with Cecilia Vanger , one of the more amiable of the clan he is investigating , which the filmmakers skipped for both time and to tone down the emphasis on the protagonist 's philandering . "  Mikael had a relationship with her that went on for a lot of pages , " laughs Zaillian . "  I 'm a fan of the book -- I like it very much -- but when I was reading it at a certain point I thought , am I reading Shampoo ? Is this Warren Beatty or is this Mikael Blomkvist ? I did n't drop those things in order to make him more sympathetic . It was really just that they were unnecessary to the story . " 'M : I 4 ' is box office champ : $ 26.5 M But probably the biggest change that readers will pick up on is in the ending , where two strands of the narrative have been fused into one . It 's nothing too major , but when you 're working with a novel as popular as this , everything becomes sacred text . "  I was n't trying to do something different or trying to fix something , " says Zaillian . "  I just thought it was a good idea . when I read the book , I thought , ` Why are we going so far afield for this mystery to be resolved ? Might it be a little more interesting if it 's solved a little closer to home ? ' That 's all there was to it . I kind of felt it was right for the character . " See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fincher 's adaptation made a few changes to Larsson 's original novel Fincher estimates that about 350 pages had to go in order to cut the story down One of the few subplots to get dropped entirely was Blomkvist 's romantic liaison with Cecilia Vanger
CNN  -- NASA will launch Space Shuttle Endeavour on February 7 , which will be the first of five launches this year before the shuttle fleet is retired . Endeavour will blast off from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on a 13-day mission to the international space station . The mission will include three spacewalks , NASA said . The shuttle will also deliver the final U.S. portion of the space station . This portion will provide more room for crew members . NASA plans to retire its space shuttles Discovery , Endeavour and Atlantis later this year . The space agency has been looking for places , such as museums , to house the shuttles after they are retired . Space Shuttle Discovery will be transferred to the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum in Washington . The privilege of showing off a shuttle wo n't be cheap -- about $ 29 million , NASA said .	This will be first of five launches this year before the shuttle fleet is retired NASA is scheduled to launch Space Shuttle Endeavour on February 7 Shuttle will deliver final U.S. portion of the international space station NASA has been looking for places to house the shuttles once they are retired
San Francisco  CNN  -- Mobile payments company Square is supersizing its hardware . On Tuesday , CEO Jack Dorsey unveiled the Square iPad stand , which the company hopes will replace traditional cash registers . The Square Stand is a white countertop unit that looks like a small iMac . It holds an iPad 2 or 3 and features a card reader that juts out on the bottom . It 's the company 's first piece of hardware since the original Square reader . The $ 299 unit includes a USB hub that can connect to third-party tools that traditional retailers still rely on , such as a cash drawer , receipt printer and barcode scanner . Square believes the future of payments is n't swiping a card but merely giving a cashier your name , which is stored within the company 's database and linked to a credit card . But there are a lot of companies that still take cash , and customers who want paper receipts . Smaller mobile merchants such as food trucks , coffee shops and taxis have all flocked to the small Square reader , which plugs into an iPhone or iPad 's headphone port . But Square wanted to create a product that could work for higher volume brick and mortar merchants , including those that still accept old-fashioned cash . Square also thinks that having a more solid physical register is a good move for smaller merchants . "  It adds this sense of security , validation that you 're a business , " Dorsey said at an event here . The Square Stand can be affixed to a table or drilled in through a hole in the counter for added security . It tilts and swivels around so customers can do their part , like adding a tip or signing their name . It connects to the iPad 's dock connector instead of the audio jack , and the company said the credit card reader works every time a card is swiped . Dorsey would n't say if the readers were coming to Square partner Starbucks anytime soon , though he did say that the two companies were working together . According to Dorsey , Square did n't want to disrupt Starbucks ' counter setup until it knew it had a product that could beat the speed of the current system . "  What matters most is getting people through the line , " Dorsey said . The Square Stand seems built for speed . The stands will be seen in 13 businesses in 30 locations around the United States , starting Wednesday .	Mobile payments company Square announced a new iPad stand and credit card reader The countertop unit has a USB port to plug into cash drawers , printers and bar code scanners The $ 299 Square Stand is built to speed up the point of sale process
CNN  -- Mark Ronson is one of the best connected men in the music industry . The 34-year-old producer and DJ has collaborated with some of the biggest names in music , producing Amy Winehouse 's 2006 "  Back to Black " album , reworking songs from seminal British bands The Smiths and Radiohead and working with Kanye West and Duran Duran among other musical luminaries . Coming from a wealthy family in Manhattan , Ronson grew up with music and celebrity at the kitchen table before making his name as a DJ on the New York club scene in the early 1990s . Moving our from behind the decks Ronson took to producing other artists and has picked up awards for his work in the studio including a Grammy for Best Producer in 2008 . A rare thing for a producer , he 's almost as well known as some of the big name musicians he works with , but Ronson 's latest project sees him taking the stage with his new band The Business Intl. . For Ronson it 's not such a radical departure from his previous work or how he sees himself . "  I think we live in an era certainly where it 's not unusual to be many things , especially in music , " he told CNN . "  Now I 'm in a slightly more unique position of actually being an artist in the front of my own record and putting them out as well producing them , but it seems to all fit . " Described by his childhood friend Sean Lennon as "  very driven ... you would n't think he 's so ambitious from meeting him because he 's so relaxed , " Ronson is taking his varied career and lifestyle in his stride . CNN talked to him about his musical identity and being the man with the golden Rolodex . CNN : Do you think of yourself as the master of collaborations ? Mark Ronson : I just think that because my own albums are more collaborative affairs ... I 've got this tag of master collaborator , but I do n't think it 's necessarily true . If this was a report card from school , it would say "  Plays well with others . " That 's one of the things that helps and more importantly I grew up liking such a wide range of music that I love working in different genres . Not being stuck in one genre definitely widens the palette of the kind of people you can work with . CNN : Are you affected by fame ? MR : I 'm sort of lucky to live in New York where I live a pretty anonymous lifestyle anyway . I 'm a bit more aware of it when I come -LSB- to London -RSB- and sometimes I think I 'm almost naive to think it does n't exist . I 'd still like to think that I could just live the same life I did 3 years ago , going on the Tube , or going to see a band and walking around the front to watch and realizing that I 'll probably just have to stand here and take pictures with people 's camera phones , which is fun . I 'm not mobbed , nobody really cares that much about my life and I just get to live it how I would otherwise . CNN : Do you see yourself as responsible for making Amy Winehouse a star ? MR : I definitely did n't make Amy a star . I helped her find a great sound that really fitted well with what she wanted to do . In her songs there 's a lot of heartache and remorse and regret and fire that was in a lot of music , jazz and soul of the '50s and '60s . And it was also that we gave it a modern twist ... I added drums from hip-hop ; I wanted to make a modern soul record that if RZA from Wu Tang heard he would 've wanted to sample it . So if anything , I think Amy is more responsible for me being where I am than maybe the other way around . Watch Mark Ronson talking about Amy Winehouse 's "  Rehab " CNN : Are you a pragmatist or a pessimist ? MR : I 'm a pragmatist . The first record I produced was for this artist Nikka Costa . It was on MTV , there was this hype about it and everyone thought it was going to be this big thing and it came out and it really did n't do anything . And I thought that was a really good lesson in a way because it lets you know that no matter how many people come out telling you it 's going to be great , it could easily come out and do nothing . CNN : You 're thought of as the man with the golden Rolodex . Is that true ? MR : The only people I know really that are bold faced names who are considered "  celebs " are musicians . It 's not likely you open up my phone and see Kiera Knightly and Jude Law . These are just musicians that I work with and a few of them happen to be famous , so people go , "  Oh , your famous friends ! " They are n't really , they are just co-workers anyway . CNN : Were contacts the key to your early success ? MR : It 's just not even worth arguing with that because it 's so far away from the truth . I ca n't run around refuting the fact that I came from a comfortable upbringing . But the fact that I had any help and connections getting into what I did is well , it 's just not true . One of my favorite "  old skool " hip-hop records is "  I Know You Got Soul " by Eric B. and Rakim , and it 's got a classic line , "  It 's not where you 're from , it 's where you 're at " which always applies in hip-hop . I was just a good DJ who got better because of an enthusiasm for music and playing out . Once people became aware of me outside that more insular hip-hop scene they were kind of like "  Oh , how did he get here ? Must be because of his parents . " And they have to find something to say and that was one of the criticisms they chose . Rosie Tomkins and Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Grammy award-winning producer Mark Ronson has worked with biggest names in music 34-year-old from New York started as a hip-hop DJ before producing Worked with Amy Winehouse , Kanye West , Duran Duran among others Currently touring and fronting his own band , The Business Intl
CNN  -- From cyberspace to college campuses , many young conservatives are worried that Sen. John McCain is not appealing to their generation . Sen. John McCain says he knows how important young voters are . At a town hall meeting in Ohio this month , a student told McCain that Republicans were a dying breed on his campus . "  I understand the challenge I have , and I understand that this election is really all about the people of your generation , " McCain said . Many young Republicans said Sen. Barack Obama , the 46-year-old junior senator from Illinois , is inspiring voters their age , but McCain , the 71-year-old Arizona senator who has been in office since the early '80s , is not . Eric Perlmutter , a Republican and student at the at the University of Southern California , said the roaring enthusiasm that follows Obama is missing among conservatives his age . "  We try to get people out to our college Republican meetings , but ... we ca n't seem to draw the same kind of vocal support , " he said . At the July town hall meeting in Portsmouth , Ohio , McCain said he knows that he has "  a lot of work to do " with the younger voters . The senator said he needs young conservatives to help spread his message for him , because "  there 's nothing that convinces young people like other young people . " McCain also acknowledged the importance of using the Internet to reach out to a generation that stays in touch via social networking sites . On MySpace , Obama has more than 427,000 friends , compared with fewer than 60,000 for McCain . Perlmutter said he cringed when McCain admitted he does n't use e-mail . Obama , however , is frequently seen with Blackberry in hand . Additionally , Perlmutter pointed out that the images used in McCain 's campaign -- such as a message about small businesses showing a barber shop with a traditional red and blue pole -- hardly connect to the younger generation . "  Well , when you see the Main Street barber shop image , you think of 1950s America . An entrepreneur , a Silicon Valley guy would definitely make him more attractive , " he said . Obama also has increased his college-age appeal by holding rallies and giving speeches at hundreds of campuses . McCain has said he recognizes that he needs to get out to those venues "  where young people are engaged and receiving their information and forming their opinions . " "  Sen. McCain should demand that these same colleges and universities host him or else their tax-exempt status could be in jeopardy , " said Jason Mattera , spokesman for Young America 's Foundation , a conservative outreach group . McCain must work to connect young voters to conservative principles , Mattera said . "  So if they are suspicious of Uncle Sam telling them what Internet sites they can view , they should be equally suspicious of the federal government telling them what health care plan they are going to be a part of , " he said . According to a Pew Research Center study conducted between October and March , McCain has a big numbers gap to close . The study found that the current generation of young voters , those who came of age during the President Bush years , are giving the Democrats a wide edge . Fifty-eight percent of voters under 30 identified or leaned toward the Democratic Party , compared with 33 percent who said they identified or leaned toward the Republican Party . The McCain campaign said it plans to increase the senator 's presence on sites such as Facebook and MySpace in addition to the candidate making appearance on shows that appeal to younger viewers , such as "  The Daily Show with Jon Stewart , " "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " and the "  Late Show with David Letterman . " In past elections , both parties have tended to put less focus on younger voters because historically , their turnout has been low . With fewer than four months until the November election , McCain said he 's confident he can convince young voters that he is the candidate for them . "  I believe that I can convince them that I have the plan of action and the ideals and the goals and the inspiration that , as next president of the United States , I can serve better their interests than my opponent , " he said .	Young GOP voters say enthusiasm for Sen. John McCain missing in their age group McCain : "  This election is really all about the people of your generation " McCain says he does n't use e-mail ; Sen. Barack Obama has big MySpace presence McCain campaign says it plans to increase presence on MySpace , Facebook
Health.com  -- We get it : You want to lose the jiggle but do n't want to blacklist your favorite eats , count every single calorie , or overdose on gym hours . The great news is , you can drop weight without dieting : Experts say making small change-ups to your day is one of the best ways to lose . We grilled health and fitness pros for the tweaks that will help your shape the most . Road test a few , and you could shed 5  this week !  , 10 , or even 20-plus pounds without a whole lot of effort . Power up PB "  Buy natural varieties of peanut butter and pour off the oil sitting on top . Each serving will have 20 fewer calories and 2 to 3 fewer grams of fat . It 's a small difference that 'll add up to a couple of pounds per year . " -- Amelia Winslow , personal chef in Los Angeles and founder of the healthy food blog Eating Made Easy Health.com : 25 ways to cut 500 calories a day Pop to it "  Skimping on fiber will make you gain weight . Forget the pretzels and go for a bag of low-fat popcorn . It has five times the fiber and only 90 calories for six cups , so it 's filling and satisfying . A recent study found that when women doubled their daily fiber intake from 12 to 24 grams , their bodies absorbed 90 calories less per day . You could lose almost 10 pounds in a year ! " -- Tanya Zuckerbrot , RD , author of The F-Factor Diet : Discover the Secret to Permanent Weight Loss Dance your butt off "  Kick up your heels and go dancing with your girlfriends -- or have a solo dance session at home . Fast-tempo dances are not only a blast to do , but in an hour you 'll torch 400 to 500 calories . That 's equivalent to light jogging on the treadmill , but it 's way more fun ! " -- Christine Avanti , author of Skinny Chicks Eat Real Food : Lose the Fake Food and Kickstart Your Weight Loss Health.com : Diet tricks the pros tell their friends Switch things up "  At the gym , lift one set of heavier weights than you 're used to . And on your walk or run , add backward walking and sideways shuffling in one-minute bursts . You 'll challenge your muscles in new ways , work them at a variety of angles , and improve your balance . These things will tone you up and burn extra calories . " -- Gunnar Peterson , celebrity trainer to A-listers in Beverly Hills , California Nix nighttime eating "  Cutting out after-dinner snacking is a quick way to help you shed 5 pounds in a week . At night , we 're usually scarfing down junky foods in front of the TV -- and it 's easy to consume a meal 's worth of calories , plus belly-bloating sodium . If you 're typically hungry before bed , it might mean you 're eating dinner too early , so push it back . Snack on fruit at 3 p.m. . Then at 5 p.m. , have a snack bar . At 7:30 , you 'll be ready for dinner , and you 'll be eating late enough to stay full for the rest of the evening . " -- Heather Bauer , RD , author of Bread Is the Devil : Win the Weight Loss Battle by Taking Control of Your Diet Demons Health.com : 25 diet-busting foods you should never eat Be a crunch monster "  Fill your plate with crunchy , chewy foods like carrots , apples , and whole grains . They take more time to chew , and their fiber makes your body work harder to digest them -- so you 'll burn more calories during your meal . Eating this way can increase your total calorie burn by 5 percent throughout the day ! " -- Leslie Bonci , RD , director of sports nutrition at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center 's Center for Sports Medicine Keep it simple "  Just focus on cooking wholesome food ; you 'll eat well and could even lose 5 pounds in a week . For breakfast , have yogurt and some fruit ; for lunch , eat a soup and a winter salad with tuna and walnuts ; at dinner , fill your plate with 3 to 4 ounces of fish or chicken , a couple of veggies , and a piece of fruit . And feel free to use a bit of butter or olive oil -- you do n't have to deprive yourself . " -- Mireille Guiliano , author of The French Women Do n't Get Fat Cookbook Health.com : Best superfoods for weight loss Beat booze bloat "  Downsize your wine glass to cut calories . Wine glasses today are giant goblets , so it 's easy to pour 6 ounces , or one-and-a-half servings , without noticing . That means those two glasses a night might actually be closer to three  almost half a bottle !  , adding up to 300 calories . Instead of drinking this way every day , have a regular-size 4-ounce glass a couple of times a week . You could drop more than 20 pounds this year . " -- Tim Church , M.D. , director of preventive medicine research at Pennington Biomedical Research Center in Baton Rouge , Louisiana Try upside-down "  Season and butter the bottom of foods . For example , butter the bottom of toast , and salt the bottom of potato rounds . This sounds weird , but it really helps with weight loss . When you eat foods this way , the flavor hits your tongue right away , and you actually taste more of it . Ultimately , that means you can cut out at least half the belly-bloating salt or butter . " -- Devin Alexander , chef and host of FitTV 's Healthy Decadence and author of The Biggest Loser Quick & Easy Cookbook Health.com : Little ways to lose big pounds Dine in slow-mo "  Make sure you 're the last one to start eating and also the last person to finish . I do this , and it helps me slow down and chew my food properly instead of inhaling what 's on my plate -- and more . Eat this way and you 'll take in fewer calories at your meals . " -- JJ Virgin , Ph.D. , author of Six Weeks to Sleeveless and Sexy : The 5-Step Plan to Sleek , Strong , and Sculpted Arms Dress the part "  Make a few changes to your party outfit , and you 'll beat the temptation to overindulge . At a cocktail party , carry a clutch instead of a purse . With a cocktail in one hand and your handbag in the other , you wo n't be able to reach for too many hors d'oeuvres . And wear a form-fitting dress -- it 'll be your biggest reminder to not revisit the food table for seconds . " -- Keri Gans , R.D. , author of The Small Change Diet : 10 Steps to a Thinner , Healthier You Health.com : Thinner by dinner : how to dress 10 pounds lighter Go by the numbers "  Stop eating when you 're at a 5 or 6 on a scale of 1 to 10  where 1 is famished and 10 is Thanksgiving full  . When you stop at 5 or 6 , chances are 20 minutes later , you 'll feel like a 7 or 8 . This tactic is great for parties and vacations -- and could save you lots of calories per meal . " -- Ellie Krieger , R.D. , host of Cooking Channel 's Healthy Appetite and author of Comfort Food Fix Play hard "  Slip exercise into everyday life , and make it fun . Head outside and go ice skating with friends or shape a snowman with your kids . You can even stage a pillow fight in your living room . That burns 82 calories in 20 minutes , plus you 'll laugh the entire time ! " -- Missy Chase Lapine , author of "  The Speedy Sneaky Chef " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Experts say making small changes to your day is one of the best ways to lose weight "  On your walk or run , add backward walking , " says trainer Gunnar Peterson Dr. Tim Church recommends downsizing wine glasses to cut calories Author Missy Chase Lapine says , "  Slip exercise into everyday life , and make it fun "
CNN  -- Sheikh Mohammed Sayed Tantawi , the head of Sunni Islam 's top learning center , died of a heart attack on Wednesday in Saudi Arabia , Egyptian state-run television reported . He was 82 . Tantawi , considered a moderate , was the grand imam at Al-Azhar -- an Islamic center and university in Cairo , Egypt . He played a similar role in the Sunni Muslim world as the pope does for Catholics , involving life issues . The center 's importance in Islam is such that in June when U.S. President Barack Obama gave his one-and-only speech solely directed to Muslims , he delivered it from Al-Azhar . Tantawi was appointed by Egypt 's President Hosni Mubarak in 1996 . Although appointed by the Government , Tantawi was regarded as the spiritual leader of about one billion Sunni Muslims worldwide . His mainstream Islamic views , such as those on suicide bombing , were criticised by Islamists . He condemned suicide bombing during speech in 2003 at a conference in the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur . He attacked Islamists for using Islam and jihad , or holy struggle , for their own ends and called on Muslims to open themselves to dialogue with the West . CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	Tantawi was the grand imam at Al-Azhar Islamic center in Cairo , Egypt He was regarded as the spiritual leader of one billion Sunni Muslims His mainstream Islamic views were criticised by many Islamists
Moscow  CNN  Crowds of people , some with tears in their eyes , flocked Saturday to the spot on a bridge in the shadow of the Kremlin where prominent opposition figure Boris Nemtsov was shot dead hours earlier , in what appeared to be a targeted killing . The fatal shooting of the former Russian deputy prime minister sparked outrage among fellow opposition figures , and many questions over who could be behind it . Nemtsov , who served in the late 1990s under President Boris Yeltsin , was one of President Vladimir Putin 's most vocal critics . An ever-growing mound of flowers left by mourners marked the place where he fell late Friday night . The mood in the Russian capital is one of shock , among Putin supporters as well as those who back the opposition , one man told CNN . Investigators are combing through surveillance footage and questioning witnesses in the shooting , Russia 's Investigative Committee said in a statement Saturday . "  There is no doubt that the crime was carefully planned , " it said . "  It is obvious that the organizers and perpetrators of this crime were aware of the proposed route . " The weapon used appeared to be a Makarov pistol , it added . State-run Russia 24 reported that Nemtsov had received threats related to his stance on the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris , citing Investigative Committee spokesman Vladimir Markin . Meanwhile , Nemtsov 's former press secretary and close friend Alexander Kotyusov told the official Tass news agency that Nemtsov would be buried in Moscow . Opposition activists told CNN they believed the funeral would be held Tuesday . Putin quickly condemned the killing and expressed his condolences to his family . He also ordered three law enforcement agencies to investigate the shooting , Tass reported . According to the Kremlin website , Putin has written to Nemtsov 's mother saying he shared her grief and promising to bring those behind the killing to justice . "  He always openly and honestly stated his position , defended his point of view , " he said of his erstwhile critic . Nemtsov was a top official with the Republican Party of Russia/Party of People 's Freedom , a liberal opposition group . He had most recently been critical of the Kremlin 's handling of the Ukraine crisis . Opposition leader Ilya Yashin said his friend had been working on a report about Russian troops and their involvement in Ukraine . In a statement released by the U.N. on Saturday , Secretary-General Ban ki-moon expressed his deepest condolences to Mr. Nemtsov 's family , friends and supporters while affirming an investigation into Nemtsov 's murder has been announced through which he "  expects the perpetrators to be brought to justice swiftly . " His death comes two days before a large opposition rally was set to take place in Moscow . Hours before his death Friday , Nemtsov had done a radio interview urging people to attend the rally Sunday . After his death , party leaders decided to instead hold a mourning march Sunday in downtown Moscow . Russian authorities have reversed their earlier decision not to issue a permit for the march and will now allow the procession Sunday afternoon , leader of the People 's Freedom Party Mikhail Kasyanov said . The organizers of the march claim that so far some 1,200 people have confirmed they will join . Moscow police said they would tighten security for the march , with up to 50,000 participants allowed to take part . The route will lead just over a mile from Kitay Gorod in downtown Moscow to the bridge near the Kremlin where Nemtsov was killed . Nemtsov was walking with a companion , Anna Duritskaya , 23 , at the time of the shooting . A political colleague and friend of Nemtsov 's , Ilya Yashin , said Duritskaya called him and told him that just before midnight a car with "  several men " pulled up and someone in the car then opened fire on Nemtsov . Investigators interviewed Duritskaya on details surrounding the shooting , she was n't wounded . Russian broadcasters Life News and Russia 24 said the car used in the attack had been found in downtown Moscow and was being examined by police . Life News earlier posted video of what it said could be the vehicle , a white car captured by a CCTV camera near the bridge . Police have not commented on the video . The area in the center city is normally busy on a Friday night , though the weather was cold and wet . Putin said he suspected it was a contract hit meant to cause political discord , according to the President 's spokesman , Dmitry Peskov . The leader of Russia 's Communist Party , Gennady Zyuganov , told Tass the killing should be investigated fast to avoid it being exploited by Russia 's enemies , potentially leading to "  far-reaching consequences . " He added that "  all Russia 's foes will use this murder to the maximum . " A man like Nemtsov had many enemies , experts said . Nemtsov , 55 , had been arrested several times for speaking against Putin 's government . The most recent arrests were in 2011 when he protested the results of parliamentary elections and in 2012 when tens of thousands protested against Putin . In a restaurant interview with CNN 's Anthony Bourdain last year , he lamented the situation for business owners . "  This is a country of corruption . And if you have business , you are in a very unsafe situation . Everybody can press you and destroy your business . That 's it , " Nemtsov said . Nemtsov was also a vocal critic of the 2014 Winter Olympics held in Sochi , calling them one of the most "  outrageous swindles " in recent Russian history . World chess champion-turned opposition activist Garry Kasparov tweeted extensively about Nemtsov 's death . "  When we argued , Boris would tell me I was too hasty , that in Russia you had to live a long time to see change . Now he 'll never see it . RIP , " he wrote in one . Nemtsov 's lawyer Vadim Prokhorov told Russian media that Nemtsov 's life had been threatened on social media in recent weeks . Critics like Yashin and Kasparov pointed fingers in the direction of Putin or a supporter of the Russian President . "  It 's clearly a political murder . It 's definitely a contract one , " Yashin said . "  I do n't know who killed Boris , but I know that it 's the government and personally Putin who are responsible for it . They 've been constantly promoting a hatred towards everyone who does n't support their course and thinks different . " It 's something even Nemtsov himself had said he had thought about , acknowledging in an interview with Russian newspaper Sobesednik this month that he was "  a little bit " afraid his mother 's fears Putin would have him killed would come true . But , he added , "  I 'm not afraid of him that much . If I was afraid I would n't be heading an opposition party and do what I 'm doing . " Opinion : Nemtsov killing : A chilling historical parallel ? Kasparov said the Russian President is to blame even if not directly involved . "  If Putin gave order to murder Boris Nemtsov is not the point . It is Putin 's dictatorship . His 24/7 propaganda about enemies of the state , " Kasparov tweeted . "  In Putin 's atmosphere of hatred & violence , abroad & in Russia , bloodshed is the prerequisite to show loyalty , that you are on the team , " he added . New footage released by a Moscow city government owned TV station , TVCenter , on Saturday aired low resolution surveillance video which the TV station claims captured two people they believe to be Boris Nemstov and his friend Anna Duritskaya , just seconds before the shooting . Critics of Putin have in the past suffered miserable fates . Last year , a Moscow court sentenced five men to prison for the 2006 killing of Russian journalist and fierce Kremlin critic Anna Politkovskaya . Business magnate Mikhail Khodorkovsky accused Putin of corruption and wound up spending 10 years in prison and labor camps . Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko accused state security services of organizing a coup to put Putin in power . He was poisoned by a lethal dose of radioactive polonium and died in London in 2006 . No killer has been caught . "  It 's the latest in a series of high-profile killings of people who have been critics of authorities in Russia over the last few years , " said Peter Baker , the author of "  Kremlin Rising " and a New York Times reporter . "  We do n't know yet , of course , who did this or why , but it will certainly send a terrible message to people who are fighting this cause Nemtsov has been fighting . " Michael McFaul , the former U.S. ambassador to Russia , described Nemtsov as a "  real patriot " who had been his loyal friend for 20 years . "  I hope a real investigation will tell us who committed this heinous crime , " he tweeted , pointing out that it happened only 100 meters from the heavily guarded Kremlin . "  You teach people to hate . You encourage people to hate . You push messages of hate . They then do hateful things . " U.S. President Barack Obama called for an impartial investigation and praised the deceased leader . "  Nemtsov was a tireless advocate for his country , seeking for his fellow Russian citizens the rights to which all people are entitled . I admired Nemtsov 's courageous dedication to the struggle against corruption in Russia and appreciated his willingness to share his candid views with me when we met in Moscow in 2009 , " Obama said in a written statement from the White House . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said he was saddened by the death of Nemtsov , who "  committed his life to a more democratic , prosperous , open Russia , and to strong relationships between Russia and its neighbors and partners , including the United States . " Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said Saturday "  it is hard to believe " that Nemtsov was killed . "  I have no doubt that the murderers will be brought to justice . Sooner or later . Rest in peace , " Poroshenko said via Twitter . French President Francois Hollande condemned the murder of the man he described as "  a courageous and tireless defender of democracy and a fierce fighter against corruption . " Who was Boris Nemtsov ? CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Radina Gigova , Gena Somra , Ralph Ellis , Brian Walker , Azadeh Ansari and Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	Nemtsov was accompanied by a friend when shots were fired from car Crowds flock to lay flowers at the spot on the bridge where Boris Nemtsov was shot dead Investigative Committee says killing of Nemtsov was "  carefully planned "
CNN  -- As many as 270 Libyan refugees were missing in the sea after the overcrowded boat they were in encountered bad weather , the Tunisian state-run TAP news agency reported . The Tunisian coast guard responded to the rescue call regarding the fishing trawler , which became disabled Wednesday night near the Kerkennah Islands . The ship was reportedly taking some 800 refugees from Libya to the Italian island of Lampedusa , TAP reported . An official told the agency that between 200 and 270 people were missing . At least two bodies had been recovered , the agency reported . People on the boat began pushing each other in a panic to reach the lifeboats when they ran into high waves and winds , TAP said . Lampedusa , the closest Italian island to Africa , has become a destination for tens of thousands of refugees seeking to enter the European Union . More than 30,000 migrants and refugees from Tunisia and Libya have risked this dangerous journey to Lampedusa since last February . Lampedusa and Malta , both islands less than an hour 's flight from the North African coast , have borne the brunt of the subsequent wave of migration . At one point , the population of migrants vastly outnumbered the tiny population of Lampedusa , which numbers less than 6,000 .	About 800 refugees were heading from Libya to Lampedusa , Italy The boat was overcrowded Between 200 and 270 people are missing
Boston , Massachusetts  CNN  -- At one time in the Stem Cell Program at Children 's Hospital in Boston , we had two liquid nitrogen containers , one labeled P , the other NP . These containers were used to store batches of stem cells . The P , or presidential container , held some of the 21 embryonic stem cell lines that researchers could study using federal funds under the terms of President George W. Bush 's August 2001 executive order . The NP , or nonpresidential , container held those embryonic stem cells derived from later lines , which researchers could not study using federal funding . We were required to purchase and store separately the pipettes and culture dishes , duplicating effort and costs . The separation included detailed record keeping , and I hired a grant manager to deal with these issues . From a logistical standpoint this was a nightmare . We offered courses on how to proceed in the lab while monitoring the funding source . This separation greatly inhibited progress in the study of many diseases , from blood diseases such as sickle cell anemia to Parkinson 's to juvenile diabetes , and the development of potential therapies . Fast forward to March 2009 , when President Obama lifted the ban on using federal funds to study stem cell lines developed after the Bush order went into effect . Scientists were freed to work collaboratively within labs , across labs and across continents . Single studies could now evaluate more embryonic stem cells and use different types of stem cells -- not only embryonic , but the newer induced pluripotent stem , or iPS , cells . But now stem cell research -- a promising avenue in biomedical research for curing a host of deadly and debilitating diseases -- has been dealt an enormous setback by a U.S. District Court 's injunction against the Obama executive order . In ruling that federal monies can not be used for any research involving embryonic stem cells , Judge Royce Lamberth 's decision creates significant uncertainty in the field . A stay was ordered this week , rescuing the funding of the research for a short time until the case is heard . The fact that research can be shut down and then started again in a matter of weeks has created confusion for proceeding with the work . With Judge Lamberth 's decision , American scientists have been put at a disadvantage against their counterparts all over the world . The U.S. is in danger of being surpassed as the leader in biomedical research by several countries , including South Korea , Singapore , and Great Britain . The loss of research competitiveness undermines our biotech and pharmaceutical companies ' ability to bring new therapies to patients . Judge Lamberth 's decision places American researchers in a difficult position . Promising avenues of research will need to be halted . NIH grant decisions on major diseases were halted this month , even for studies including a small number of experiments on embryonic stem cells , and millions of dollars that have been committed to stem cell researchers is at risk . The economic impact of this injunction on the United States could surely be huge . Scientists run increased risks of running afoul of the law and will be increasingly isolated from their colleagues overseas . While many will seek private and foundational funding for their research , this also comes with a price . Before the Obama order , many elite researchers were spending up to 20 percent of their time on fundraising . We risk that the U.S. will fall increasingly behind . This decision is driven both by ideology as well as continuing confusion over the science of stem cells . Eighty percent of Americans are in favor of stem cell research , and Congress has twice passed a bill in favor of stem cell research . More education is necessary so that everyone understands these cells . At Children 's Hospital , we have created a website that provides basic information about stem cells , their biology and potential for therapies . Despite the plaintiff 's allegations and the judge 's apparent concurrence , it makes no sense from either a research or therapeutic standpoint to pit adult stem cell against embryonic stem cell research . Think about the chaos that would be created if a heart researcher could file an injunction saying they were harmed and poorly funded because they are in competition with diabetes research . Giving artificial and unmerited research preference to one type of organs or cells over another would completely undermine the federal peer review process and funding strategy , and more important , would absolutely constrain ongoing searches for treatments and therapies . As a hematologist , I have used adult blood stem cells from bone marrow to treat patients with leukemia . I can not think that any scientist or patient would view blood stem cell research as "  in competition " with embryonic stem cell research . Embryonic stem cells were the essential key to discovering how to reprogram adult skin cells , and the ultimate therapeutic success of these new reprogrammed cells absolutely will require additional embryonic stem cell research . Unlocking the potential of stem cells to cure disease requires comparisons of both adult and embryonic tissues . These are not two warring sciences ; they are both integral parts of the single field of stem cell research . As the founding president of the International Society for Stem Cell Research , I know that the most respected scientists and researchers who work on adult and embryonic tissues are working together . The position of embryonic stem cell and reprogrammed stem cell research now is similar to where we were in the mid-1970s with bone marrow transplantation . In 1975 , the science was still relatively young and no transplants had yet taken place . But over the next decade , bone marrow transplants moved from unknown and experimental to widely accepted and standard therapy . In issuing an injunction against President Obama 's order , Judge Lamberth cited the potential harm to federal funding of adult stem cell research from the federal support of embryonic stem cell research . The irony is that this decision is a blow to all research , and with it to America 's economic competitiveness and to the hopes of countless families for a cure . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leonard I. Zon .	Federal judge halted federal funding for research using embryonic stem cells Leonard I. Zon : Adult stem cells not perfected , work in combo with embryonic cells Zon warns U.S. risks being overtaken by many countries in biomedical research Ideology , confusion behind ruling , he writes , 80 percent of Americans support research
As the night wore on , the buildings at Karachi 's Jinnah International Airport stood out , silhouetted against a backdrop of oily , orange blazes , the night air punctuated with the unmistakable chatter of machine-gun fire . We arrived on the scene shortly after the Taliban-claimed attack began on the country 's largest airport on Sunday night , which left 28 dead -- including 10 attackers -- and 24 injured . The airport , located off the city 's main arterial Shahrah-e-Faisal road , had already been sealed off by Pakistan Rangers , a heavily-armed paramilitary force . A number of vehicles -- both emergency and military -- lined the route in . We watched hundreds more rangers pouring in on the back of pickup trucks , guns mounted on top of each one . Terminal targeted Even by the time the media had assembled at the scene , it was apparent things were far from settled . There was a commotion of people around the airport as gun battles still raged nearby , while thick plumes of black smoke drifted high into the sky as what smelled like aviation fuel burned . The gunmen had targeted Terminal 1 , the old terminal that had fallen out of regular use . This terminal is only ever used for people flying to and from pilgrimages , for private flights , or sometimes government flights . The gunmen may have chosen this part of the airport as an infiltration point because it is largely vacant . The attackers were trying to cut through barbed wire to get into the airport when they were spotted by Airport Security Force personnel  ASF  . A heavy gun battle ensued and four ASF members were killed -- the first fatalities of the attack . The terrorists apparently divided into two groups and hid in two different hangars near the terminal building . One was a hangar run by the national carrier , Pakistan International Airways  PIA  , and the other to the right -- where the thick black smoke plumed up before their eyes -- was a large hangar , known as the Ispahani hangar , which is used for wide-body aircraft maintenance . Police said one gunman detonated a suicide vest after being cornered in one of the hangars that contained fuel . Gunmen killed By the early hours of Monday morning , senior government officials had made the VIP area of the terminal building their makeshift command center . We 'd just finished an interview with the chief minister of Sindh province , Qaim Ali Shah , when a group of senior military and police chiefs walked in looking very confident . They shook hands with the chief minister and declared that the militants had been killed . There was a quiet a moment of relief among everyone in the room . By contrast , we witnessed a disheveled group of airport workers leaving the building shortly after , their clothes soiled and torn . Most would not talk to the media , saying they were too traumatized to discuss their ordeal . But one older man described how the gunmen ran towards him and his colleagues and started shooting . He said they ran and hid in the toilet . While they were in there , he said they heard what they thought was a bomb . Though they feared the roof would collapse on them , they stayed hidden there for hours until soldiers arrived and told them it was safe to come out . The eyewitness , who asked not to be named , said some of the assailants were disguised as airport security workers , something that was later corroborated by Sindh Security Unit 's  SSU  Mohammed Waqar . He said others were dressed in black as airport security force commandos .	Gunmen disguised as airport security workers attack Karachi 's airport Fuel blazes and heavy machine-gun fire add to confusion at scene 28 people are killed in the attack ; another 24 are injured , officials say
CNN  -- The selfie pandemic -- the cultural Ebola of our networked age -- is going global . It 's bad enough that we 've had the selfie as the word-of-year , the selfie as a "  brilliant and terrible " TV show , the smiling selfie at Auschwitz , the selfie with a suicide as its backdrop and the selfie proudly blocking Rembrandt 's most masterful self-portrait . But that 's just the beginning of this digital disease . Now the selfie has turned its narcissistic gaze upon Islam . The selfie has gone on the Hajj and has turned up at the Kaaba , the cube-shaped black stone building in Mecca that is the holiest place in the Muslim faith . Hajj 2014 is "  the Year of the Selfie " -- and Instagram , Twitter , Tumblr and Facebook are all abuzz with digital self-portraits of pilgrims who , to fulfill one of the five pillars of faith in the Islamic tradition , have gone to Mecca . "  Epic #selfie #hajj #Mecca , " wrote @dan_a_lowe on Twitter as he posed , Ellen DeGeneres-Oscar-style , in front of a group of smiling fellow Hajjis . But , of course , not all Muslims are selfie enthusiasts -- even if camera phones are no longer strictly banned at the Kaaba . Although one pilgrim described the selfie craze as an "  endemic not easy to stop , " some clerics are doing their best to remind Muslims that digital self-portraits in front of the Kaaba are an insult to the Prophet . "  Say no to Haj selfie ! " thus implores the Arab News . "  O Allah , I ask of you a pilgrimage that contains no boasting or showing off , " adds Jeddah-based scholar Sheikh Assim Al-Hakeem . "  Taking such selfies and videos defy the wish of our Prophet . " "  The hajj is all about overcoming your "  self " ! " reminds @yshirin on Twitter . " #hajjselfie wont bring anyone anyhere  sic  . " So is anything sacred anymore ? Yes . In our networked the age , the sacred -- like everything else -- is being reinvented . What Hajj 2014 , "  the Year of the Selfie , " represents is the democratization of the sacred . In traditional religion , unique places like the black stone Kaaba or the Dome of the Rock in Jerusalem represented the sacred . But in our age of digital narcissism , it 's the familiar which is made most sacred and we imagine ourselves as the center of the universe . Therein explains the selfie pandemic of placing ourselves in the middle of every photograph . Everything -- or at least everything about us -- is now sacred . The sacred has been turned on its head in a world where tech has allowed narcissism to run riot . In our selfie-culture , we now thinks of the world as revolving around us . So all the hundreds of billions of images we snap -- from Auschwitz to the Kaaba -- comes with a personalized signature . The sacred has been de-mythologized . It now exists in several billion different colors and flavors . So should we expect similar selfie pandemics in the world 's other major monotheistic creeds ? Unfortunately , that 's already happening . Back in August last year , Pope Francis authored the first papal selfie . "  Make the future with beauty , with goodness and truth , " Pope Francis told some of the kids who posed with him . "  Have courage . Go forward . Make noise . " And "  make noise " is exactly what we are all doing in our technology-fuelled age of digital narcissism . From Mecca to Rome , we are all making as much noise about ourselves on Instagram , Twitter and Facebook as we can . Traditional monotheistic creeds were all about overcoming ourselves . But our selfie-centric culture is the reverse ; today , Muslim pilgrims are turning the Hajj into an epic selfie . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author .	The Hajj , one of the five pillars of Islam , is the annual pilgrimage to Mecca in Saudi Arabia Islam requires every Muslim who is physically and financially able to make the journey once Hajj 2014 has been dubbed "  the year of the selfie " and has drawn criticism from clerics
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq has ordered former employees of the private military contractor once known as Blackwater to leave the country , its interior minister announced Wednesday . Contractors who once worked for Blackwater , now known as Xe , have seven days to leave Iraq , Interior Minister Jawad al-Bolani told the state television network al-Iraqiya . The move follows a January declaration by Iraq 's government that former Blackwater employees were no longer welcome in the country . Blackwater became the target of widespread Iraqi outrage after its contractors were involved in the September 2007 shooting in Baghdad 's Nisoor Square that left 17 civilians dead . That outrage was renewed in December , when a U.S. judge dismissed manslaughter charges against five guards involved in the shootings on constitutional grounds . The company 's last contracts in Iraq have been transferred to other companies . But Iraqi authorities say about 250 former Blackwater employees remain behind , some working for other security firms . "  I do n't think the Iraqi government is willing to have any Blackwater member , even if they are working in other companies , " government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh told CNN in January . "  We do n't like to see them here working in any company . " Blackwater had about 1,000 contractors working in Iraq at the height of its involvement , guarding diplomatic convoys and supply vehicles around the country after the U.S. invasion in 2003 . At least 10 of its employees were killed , including four whose burned and mutilated bodies were dragged through the streets of Fallujah after an ambush in 2004 . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Suzanne Simons contributed to this report .	Former Blackwater  now known as Xe  employees must leave Iraq , Iraqi officials say They have seven days to leave Iraq , says Interior Minister Jawad al-Bolani Blackwater became target of Iraqi outrage after 2007 shooting left 17 civilians dead
Washington  CNN  -- On the eve of the inauguration , President Barack Obama 's second term may also be America 's second chance . The country , in the last four years , has been battered by an economic earthquake while trying to reconcile a debt load threatening to cripple the next generation . It has been pulled apart by political extremism and the inability to compromise in Washington . The people have been divided -- by demographic shifts , cultural battles and clashes between the rich and the poor , the haves and the have-nots . So , days before the president 's second inaugural , the nation , too , is set to regroup . What it does differently this time around and the decisions the people make , experts say , will speak to the kind of America that emerges during the next four years . Second inaugural address puts Obama in select company "  The enormous promise that everyone felt four years ago , it is n't completely gone but we have diminished our horizons , " said Robert Schmuhl , an American studies professor at the University of Notre Dame . "  We have learned that we are now living in an era of limits . " Obama is perhaps more keenly aware of this than most . Hope and hurdles The 44th President was ushered into the Oval Office by a wave of seemingly limitless optimism and buoyed by the historic nature of his presidency as the first African American elected to the lead the free world . But once in office , he found his efforts to right an economy hobbled by high unemployment -- 10 % at its worse in 2009 -- and home foreclosure rates -- one in 29 homes were in foreclosure between 2007 and 2012 -- were limited by the magnitude of the problem and the political realities of a partisan Congress . His plan to reform the nation 's healthcare system further expanded political divides in Washington and helped lead to huge losses among his party 's moderates in the 2010 election . His re-election this fall -- due in no small part to demographic shifts that included large numbers of minorities and women -- was quickly followed by a protracted and deeply partisan showdown over trimming the nation 's debt . By the numbers : Presidential inaugurations "  I think Obama has learned some things , " said Curtis Gans , director of American University 's Center for the Study of the American Electorate . "  He 's going to be unlike most second term presidents in that he will be far more assertive than he was in his first term . He will be stronger on pushback against some of the most extreme elements in the Republican House . He 's willing to go to battle on the whole concept of getting the economy moving . " The public saw hints of that assertiveness on Monday during a surprise news conference , where he lashed out at Republicans in Congress for playing politics with the debt ceiling . "  We are not a deadbeat nation , " Obama said during a nearly hour-long briefing from the East Room of the White House . It a newly combative tone , he called it "  absurd " for the federal government not to pay "  bills that have already been racked up " and said he will not negotiate "  with a gun at the head of the American people . " From Obamacare to the economy to Sandy Hook Over the next four years , the country will also get a chance to see whether the Affordable Care Act -- or "  Obamacare " -- is a positive or negative step for the nation . In 2014 , many of the most controversial provisions , including requiring individuals to either participate in a health insurance program or pay a penalty , take effect . "  We will see whether or not we have the strength within ourselves to figure out how we should deal with entitlement programs , " Schmuhl said . "  In a way , it 's a period when the administration will be dealing with problems that are in process . " Obama 's ability -- or failure -- to navigate all of this while coming off as a strong , levelheaded leader could help set the nation 's tone for years to come . "  If the economy becomes more robust you will have no doubt he will point back and say see that 's what I was doing , " said Julian Zelizer , a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University and CNN contributor . Reagan , Clinton faced similar issues It 's what happened when former President Ronald Reagan , who led the nation at a time when the country was reeling from a tough economy and just starting to get over the Vietnam War . In his second term "  there was a sense America was moving in the right direction in terms of how it was doing around the globe , " Zelizer said . When former President Bill Clinton took office the economy was n't doing well , but by the second term the economy was picking up , allowing him to deliver a balanced budget and ultimate surplus by the end of his presidency . "  There was clearly a shift in the mood , " Zelizer said . "  In both cases , the presidents were good at claiming credit for it . " Mood matters in the age of austerity Everyday folks have learned to cut back and suck it up -- some after finding themselves underwater on mortgages they could not afford to pay ; others after losing jobs that their companies could no longer afford to keep . So , Americans have been using their credit cards less and paying down debt more -- household debt as a percentage of disposable personal income is at its lowest rate in almost 30 years , according to the Federal Reserve and credit card balances had reached their lowest level in more than a decade . And many expect the same discipline from their government . "  Americans will be realistic , just as those in government need to be realistic , " Schmuhl said of citizens ' likely approach to their own finances over the next four years . But , as Obama enters his second term , both the housing and job markets have been on a slow and steady uptick . Housing sales were up 6 % in 2012 -- the biggest gain since 2005 , according to CoreLogic -- and the unemployment rate had dropped to 7.8 % in December , although there are still 4.8 million Americans -- or 39.1 % of the jobless -- classified as long-term unemployed , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . "  Going into the second term , the fiscal situation will continue the agenda and the discussion , " he said . "  It will say a lot about us and where not only the government but the nation might be going . If it is difficult and , shall we say , fractured and there 's a sense coming out of it that things are not working as they should my guess is that the public will begin saying : ` When will Washington work on our behalf ? ' " Governing on a deadline That sentiment was foreshadowed in the frustration over the down-to-the-wire , partisan political maneuvering as the last Congress sought to avert the fiscal cliff 's steepest domestic spending cuts . Obama appeared to prevail on that skirmish , delivering on a promise to raise tax rates on wealthy Americans -- although he shifted his definition of "  wealthy " from those making $ 250,000 or more to those making $ 400,000 and up . According to Pew Research Center and Gallup polls , Americans were none too impressed with how lawmakers handled the negotiations or the deal that was struck . Some 41 % of those polled disapproved of the deal , according to Pew , and 52 % thought the deal would hurt people like them . In the Gallup poll , 67 % - disapproved of congressional Republicans ' handled the negotiations while 55 % disapproved of how Democrats performed . Still , partly due to deliberate redistricting to protect -- or create -- more partisan congressional districts , American voters continued to elect or re-elect safe representatives to do their bidding in Congress . For instance , most of the 435 members of the House of Representatives -- Republicans and Democrats -- faced little real opposition on Election Day in 2012 . Other battlegrounds : Sequester , gun control , immigration But the next battle looms . Just weeks after Obama takes his oath of office , a new Congress will be tasked with addressing the automatic spending cuts , or sequester , that were kicked down the road in order to pass a smaller deal at the end of the year . The new Congress will also consider raising the nation 's debt ceiling , or the ability of the U.S. Treasury to borrow money to pay America 's bills . Most agree that defaulting on the nation 's obligations would be disastrous for America and the global economy , but some Republicans in Congress are starting to hint that they may be prepared to let that happen anyway if large spending cuts are not secured . And after that , the fight over gun control , a high priority for the White House in the aftermath of the Connecticut school massacre , will pit the president against many members of the House and Senate from safe districts with high ratings and big-dollar donations from gun rights advocates . The president and vice president unveiled a major plan on Wednesday that included 23 executive actions the president has ordered on his own , while urging the new Congress to take on the meaty issues of an assault weapons ban , limits on the number of bullets a gun magazine can hold , and other sweeping reforms the gun lobby and others say would gut the constitutional right to bear arms . Immigration reform , another White House priority , will also stoke ideological differences and test the demographic shifts in Congress . For the first time , the House Democratic caucus is dominated by women and racial minorities , while the Republican caucus in that chamber is largely composed of white men . In the Senate , 20 women -- the largest number in history -- currently hold office . But women and minorities are far outnumbered and outranked by white males on some of the most powerful congressional committees . And despite several high-ranking exceptions , Obama 's Cabinet -- so far -- is shaping up to be largely male and white . "  The first thing we learned is that we 're not post-race . That was a lot of willful imagining in '08 that his election would allow us to transcend these questions of race , " said Mark Anthony Neal , a cultural and Black studies professor at Duke University . "  The American electorate is looking different in terms of race and ethnicity and young folks being engaged . In 2016 our political realities will look more like our demographic realities . " And that 's where the nation 's shift over the next four years may be most visible . But look first to the 2014 midterms and then the 2016 presidential election to see if the people signal continued frustration with the current regime -- in Congress and in the White House -- or demonstrate through the power of their vote that they feel the nation has finally turned the corner .	Reeling from the turmoil of the last four years , the country may be ready to regroup President Obama , adopting a more assertive posture , will need to still persuade a divided country to get things done The economy is improving , the nation 's demographics are shifting and a new America is emerging
No charges were filed against George Zimmerman after an alleged altercation with his estranged wife and her father , Lake Mary , Florida , Police Chief Steve Bracknell said Monday . "  Shellie Zimmerman has declined prosecution  after consulting with her attorney  , " Bracknell said . Police answered a 911 call from Shellie Zimmerman on Monday afternoon during which she said George Zimmerman had threatened her and her father with a weapon . Officers detained George Zimmerman but never arrested him , police said . Detectives later came to the home to interview him . The question of the gun became confused later when police told reporters there was no gun involved , but George Zimmerman 's attorney told CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 that he believed his client had a firearm on him . "  He acted appropriately . He never took the weapon out , " said Mark O'Mara , who is also a CNN legal analyst . O'Mara said he never saw the gun . Attorney Mark O'Mara drops George Zimmerman When asked Monday night by CNN for clarification about the gun , a spokesman for O'Mara 's law firm , Shawn Vincent , said there was no update yet . The incident stemmed from a visit by Shellie Zimmerman , who filed for divorce last week , and her father , David Bryant Dean . They came to the house the couple used to share to pick up some of her belongings . George Zimmerman and his wife texted Monday morning , and she told him she was going over to the house , according to a person with whom the family shared the photos of the texts . George Zimmerman came to the house with a friend of his and got into a heated discussion with Dean , O'Mara said . What 's at stake in Zimmermans ' divorce During the altercation , Zimmerman smashed his wife 's iPad . Shellie Zimmerman called police as George Zimmerman sat in his truck with his friend . On the 911 call , Shellie Zimmerman is breathing heavily when she tells a dispatcher that Zimmerman is still at the house . "  He 's in his car and he continually has his hand on his gun , and he 's saying , ` Step closer . ' He 's just threatening all of us with his firearm , " she says . Shellie Zimmerman also tells 911 that George Zimmerman punched her father in the nose , then smashed her iPad before getting in his truck . "  I do n't know what he 's capable of . I 'm really , really scared , " she says . The incident comes two months after Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , was found not guilty of murder in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida . O'Mara said , "  There was heightened emotion , and a disagreement took place . " O'Mara said Shellie Zimmerman no longer lives at the house , which is owned by her father . TMZ : George Zimmermn visits Florida gunmaker After he was initially detained by officers , George Zimmerman was interviewed at the house by detectives , Lake Mary police spokesman Zach Hudson said . Zimmerman had offered to turn over surveillance tapes from security cameras at the house to investigators . Shellie Zimmerman called 911 just after 2 p.m. ET , Bracknell said earlier . Police said Dean spoke with first responders but was not treated by paramedics . George 's brother , Robert , tweeted after his brother 's detention that the public should n't "  jump to conclusions . " Shellie Zimmerman 's divorce filing last week in Seminole County came after she pleaded guilty to perjury on August 28 for lying about the state of the couple 's finances during a bond hearing in April 2012 . She had claimed she and her husband were broke , when in reality they had collected about $ 135,000 in donations . Since his acquittal on July 13 , George Zimmerman has been in the headlines several times . In late July , he reportedly helped a family escape from an overturned SUV . A report from the Seminole County Sheriff 's Office confirmed his involvement . More recently , Zimmerman has been pulled over in traffic twice . The first time , he was given a verbal warning for a traffic violation in Texas and reportedly told officers he had a firearm in his glove compartment . The second time was in Florida last week , when he was issued a $ 256 ticket for speeding . Lake Mary is a suburb of Orlando near Sanford . George Zimmerman to ask for $ 200,000 from Florida for court costs	There were conflicting reports as to whether George Zimmerman had a gun No charges will be filed against Zimmerman Wife had called 911 , said she was "  really , really scared " Couple is in the middle of a divorce and she had come to house to get some belongings
CNN  -- While the rest of the world last week was fixating on the chimney atop the Sistine Chapel , waiting to see whether the smoke would be black or white , it was n't the smoke that intrigued me . It was the stuff that was making the smoke . The cardinals , after casting their ballots in each round of voting for the new pope , burned those ballots , as is tradition . The burning ballots created the smoke the world witnessed billowing from the chimney . The ballots , of course , were made of paper . Which sometimes seems like an endangered species . Had the cardinals voted on iPads , they could n't very well have tossed the sleek tablets into the chapel 's cast-iron stove . Yet an all-but-paperless society is where some experts argue we are headed . The digital upheaval has gathered such force that every business that once depended on paper has felt the earth shift . Newspapers , magazine publishers , book companies , bookstores , offices of every kind ... the transition to digital is beginning to feel as profound as the revolution once ushered in by the invention of moveable type . The Minneapolis Star Tribune recently noted the precipitous decline of the North American paper industry : "  River towns in the forest from eastern Washington to the coast of Maine have lost more than 100 paper mills in a wave of consolidation in little more than a decade ... North American demand for three types of -LSB- coated -RSB- paper -LSB- has -RSB- fallen 21 percent . " The Boston Business Journal last year quoted equity analyst Matt Arnold : "  There 's a secular shift to paperless . It 's an overarching mind-set . " All of this echoes a 2011 projection by the research firm RISI , which advises the global forest products industry : "  By 2015 , most publishing paper end uses in North America , such as magazine , newspaper and book publishing , will fall 12-21 percent , compared to their 2010 levels . " The firm went on to project "  another 40-50 percent fall over the next 15 years . " Thus , there is a special fascination to a promotional campaign developed in recent years by Domtar , one of the world 's largest manufacturers of paper . The campaign is not just for Domtar products -- it is for paper itself , no matter where it comes from or who sells it . The theme is : "  Paper Because . " The campaign , hoping to persuade people , proclaims : "  Paper is good . Pass it on . " It offers heartfelt reasons : "  Paper means that you mean business . " "  Paper is personal . " "  Sometimes understanding the big picture means spreading it all out on the floor . " "  Opening a nice envelope is surprisingly exciting . " I hasten to say that I 'm not knocking those messages -- I agree with every word of them . I just find it illuminating , and more than a little melancholy , that we have reached the point at which those messages are deemed necessary -- the point at which the paper industry feels a need to convince people that paper is important . Before the digital age , the presence of such a campaign would have been puzzling . Tell people that paper is essential to their lives ? What else were they supposed to write on -- rocks , using carving tools ? It would have been like running promotional campaigns for air , or for water . Such things did not need promotion -- they were indispensable . And , of course , there is the fact that , as clever and well executed as the "  Paper Because " campaign is , I found it and browsed through it completely online , on a screen . A screen is where you are almost undoubtedly reading these words , too . But before I hit the button to send my editors every column , I print out a copy and do the editing and proofreading by hand , on sheets of paper , with a pen . I love the breadth and scope of CNN 's digital reach -- the speed and efficiency with which the stories on this site are delivered around the globe makes me think of it as a planetary paperboy with the strongest arm in the world . But there 's something about paper . I 'm currently about halfway through a copy of Time magazine , cover date September 25 , 1950  yes , I 'm a little behind on my reading , but I 'm slowly catching up  . I 'll often buy old magazines not just because I find them to be a wonderful way to delve randomly into America 's history at precise moments in time , but also because , at the end of a day spent staring at shifting , constantly updating images on multiple screens , there is something calming about holding carefully laid out and edited sheets of paper , and luxuriating in the steadiness of it all . Maybe you 're the same way . Maybe not . Perhaps the magic of paper , and all it has always represented , is something you could just as well do without -- a source of clutter and mustiness . But as magazines and newspapers and books and business offices and schools make their inexorable leap into the digital future , there 's nothing wrong with acknowledging just how nice the tactile , comforting , here-when-you-want-me world of words and pictures on paper has been , even while recognizing and appreciating the marvels of the new way . I 'm very glad that you 've found your way to these words on whatever screen you may be reading them , and I do n't think any of us are fooling ourselves into thinking the paper-to-digital course will suddenly be reversed . To use a phrase connected to another once-ubiquitous part of our daily lives : That train has left the station . But you have to hope that the departure has not been total , or at least that it wo n't become total for a good , long time . In that promotional campaign , there is one line that is meant to be perky and cheerful -- a line that somehow also sounds kind of bittersweet : "  Hi . I 'm paper . Remember me ? " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : With advent of digital age , paper use and demand has dropped like rock In fact , by 2015 paper use could fall 21 % -- and then over 40 % more in the 15 years after He says new ad campaign  you 'll likely read online  makes plaintive case for paper 's value Greene : One can marvel at , use digital media , but save spot in your heart for beauty of paper
New Delhi  CNN  -- "  Slumdog Millionaire " child star Rubina Ali says her home was gutted by a fire that tore through her Mumbai slum . "  There was fire everywhere , there was so much chaos , my house was completely burned down , the whole slum was burned down , " Rubina told CNN on Sunday . The 12-year old said she was watching TV Friday when her neighbors started yelling "  fire , fire ! " She then grabbed everything she could get her hands on and ran out . "  But my awards are gone , my memories are gone , " she said . Ali was referring to the numerous awards she received for her role as the young Latika in the critically acclaimed film that nabbed multiple Academy Awards . . Rubina said the her family is now living in a temporary shelter . Rubina 's father Rafiq Qureshi said they plan to move into a new home provided by a trust set up by the film 's director Danny Boyle next month . "  They were in transit . They were just about to move to an apartment the Jai Ho Trust has allotted for them , " said trustee Nirja Mattoo said . "  But as the building is new , they were waiting for the water and electricity to be installed . But unfortunately this incident happened . " Mattoo confirmed Rubina and the family were still residing in the Garib Nagar slum when the fire broke out . "  Our social worker has been meeting Rubina and her family and assessing the situation , " Mattoo said . "  They lost everything except for an LCD TV and some clothes . " Rubina said she is grateful for the support she and her family have been receiving from the trust .	Rubina Ali , 12 , says she lost her movie awards She played the young Latika in "  Slumdog Millionaire " She and her family are moving into a new home provided by a trust
CNN  -- The United Nations Human Rights Council urged Sri Lanka Thursday to thoroughly investigate allegations of atrocities committed during the island nation 's long and brutal civil war . The Geneva-based U.N. body adopted a U.S.-initiated resolution calling on the Sri Lankan government to "  initiate credible and independent actions to ensure justice , equity , accountability and reconciliation for all Sri Lankans . " The measure was adopted in a 24-15 vote ; eight nations abstained . Sri Lanka 's 26-year war with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam rebels , otherwise known as the Tamil Tigers , ended three years ago when government forces declared victory . A U.N. report last year found credible allegations of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by both sides during the final stages of the fighting . The Sri Lankan government , however , rejected the findings as "  biased , baseless and unilateral . " Between September 2008 and May 2009 , the Sri Lankan army advanced into Vanni , an area of northern Sri Lanka where tens of thousands of civilians were killed , according to the U.N. report . Questions of accountability for the mass killings of civilians remain unanswered . "  There can not be impunity for large-scale civilian casualties , " Eileen Chamberlain Donahoe , the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. council , said last month . "  If governments can not tell the truth about large-scale atrocities , whatever else they 're doing that 's positive ca n't eradicate the despair that will be there on the part of the victims , " she said . "  If that despair is n't acknowledged or dealt with in some way by the government , it will sow seeds of future violence . " Last year 's U.N. report was issued by a panel appointed by Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in 2010 as a way to address accountability in the Sri Lankan war . The panel 's report last April gave credence to allegations of serious human rights violations by both government forces as well as the rebels that could amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity . Many civilians were killed in the final phases of the war because of government shelling , the U.N. report found . It said the government attacked no-fire zones after encouraging the civilian population to gather there . Those places included food distribution lines , front-line hospitals and Red Cross ships picking up the wounded . The Sri Lankan government continued to shell these areas in spite of knowing its impact from its own intelligence systems and notification from the United Nations and other international humanitarian agencies , the U.N. report said . U.N. investigators said the Sri Lankan government deprived people of humanitarian aid and deliberately underestimated the number of civilians who remained in the conflict zone . The report also blamed the Tamil Tigers , known as a terrorist group responsible for the assassinations of two world leaders -- Sri Lankan President Ranasinghe Premadasa in 1993 and Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1991 . The U.N. report accused the rebels of forced labor , suicide attacks , using civilians as human shields , killing civilians attempting to flee , using military equipment in the proximity of civilians and recruiting children . Donahoe said it was imperative for Sri Lanka to reconcile its bloody past . "  I think this outcome is also important not only for the people of Sri Lanka , but for human rights generally and for the international human rights principle that when there are mass-scale civilian casualties and human rights violations , there must be some credible investigation and some form of accountability , " she said . "  Without that element , there can not be real reconciliation or lasting peace . "	The U.N. Human Rights Council urged Sri Lanka to probe alleged war crimes A report last year blamed the government as well as the Tamil Tigers The U.S.-initiated resolution was adopted in a 24-15 vote The U.N. says Sri Lanka must hold accountable perpetrators of alleged war crimes
CNN  -- Germany 's Julia Gorges upset world number one Caroline Wozniacki in straight sets 7-6  7-3  6-3 in Sunday 's final of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart . The 22-year-old German stunned the Dane with an impeccable display on the clay , sending down 38 winners to become the first home winner since Anke Huber 17 years ago . "  I do n't quite know how I did it . Against Caroline , it is always as if you have to climb a high mountain . Now I have done it , I ca n't quite believe it , " Gorges said , AFP reported . It was Gorges ' second title of her career -- she won the 2010 Bad Gastein trophy -- and means she will now break into the world 's top 30 for the first time . Wozniacki started the day looking to add to the titles she has already won in 2011 at events in Dubai , Indian Wells and Charleston . But the 20-year-old could n't compete with Gorges ' strong serve and crisp baseline shots on the day , managing only nine winners during the match . "  Julia played really well . She was very aggressive and everything was going in . I tried everything but it was n't enough . I 'll go back to the practice court and try to be better next time , " Wozniacki said , AFP reported . It was Wozniacki 's second final defeat of 2011 after she lost to Russia 's Vera Zvonareva at the Qatar Ladies Open in Doha at the end of February . Meanwhile at the Fes Grand Prix in Morocco , Italy 's Alberta Brianti clinched her first WTA Tour title by beating Romania 's Simona Halep 6-4 6-3 in the final on Sunday . Brianti need just one hour and 17 minutes to defeat seventh seed Halep , who also lost in last year 's final . The 31-year-old Brianti broke Halep 's serve twice in the first set and three more times in the second as the 19-year-old struggled for consistency on her serve all match . The Italian 's previous best result on the WTA Tour was runner-up at the International Women 's Open in Guangzhou in 2009 .	Germany 's Julia Gorges beats Denmark 's Caroline Wozniacki in Stuttgart final Second career title means the German moves into the top 30 for first time in career Gorges is first home winner of the event since Anke Huber in 1994 Italy 's Alberta Brianti clinches her first WTA Tour title at Fes Grand Prix in Morocco
WIRED  -- Last month , when Zack Ajmal was planning a vacation to Italy , he set out to find the first thing that a traveler would need in a foreign land : a map . But digital maps of Rome and Venice for his Garmin GPS device cost almost $ 100 . So instead , Ajmal turned to OpenStreet Map , a community-driven maps database . A user-edited map of cycling routes in Perth , Australia , available on OpenStreetMap 's site . "  It worked out pretty well , " the Atlanta-based engineer says . "  I found Open MTB , which had outdoor hiking and cycling maps with not just roads information , but also trails , short cuts and little known routes . " Ajmal is among roughly half a million users who are eschewing proprietary maps information from GPS companies and instead going with crowdsourced versions , which they then load onto their GPS devices and smartphones . The key to these map hacks is OpenStreetMap . Founded in 2004 , OSM is to maps what Wikipedia is to encyclopedias . The site offers maps that can be edited , customized and loaded on to devices for free . Want to go whitewater rafting but need to know where the rapids are ? There 's a map for that . Or to know all the interesting points along the river Nile ? There 's a map for that . And it 's all based on the OpenStreetMap data . "  The value is that it is a richer map with more up-to-date information because anyone can fix things , " says Steve Coast , one of the founders of OpenStreetMap . "  Users get access to the underlying data and not just a picture of the maps . " Consumer map data is currently a duopoly split between two mapping providers : Nokia 's Navteq and TomTom 's Tele Atlas . The two provide the mapping data that powers almost all commercial map applications and devices . But maps from these providers are extremely restrictive in how they can be used . Want a map of the best hiking trails in the country or a walking tour of Rome ? Traditional GPS services ca n't offer that . For adventurous geeks that calls for a DIY fix . "  OSM maps are a little new on the scene , " says Rich Owings , who runs the GPStracklog.com website and is the author of the book GPS Mapping . "  Most people in the U.S. were not using them until recently , but now there are iPhone apps based on it . " Getting OpenStreetMap is easier on some devices than others . In Garmin systems , it 's as simple as taking one of the available maps and dropping it into a folder on the device . "  It 's really hard to mess up your GPS doing this , " says Owings . "  And if you have questions you can always ask the community to help you out . " Owings says he loaded maps of Ecuador on his Garmin unit in about 30 minutes . "  It 's not as clean of a map as one you can get from the Garmin store but they are pretty wonderful and have very good coverage . " For TomTom systems , getting OpenStreetMap can be a more difficult process . TomTom uses a proprietary mapping format , says Coast . That means a tricky process of converting OpenStreetMap into a TomTom-compatible format . OpenStreetMap has also been used to create iPhone apps such as MotionX , which is targeted at hikers , skiers and bikers ; B.iCycle , a cyclometer that shows burned calories , trip distance and trails ; and ATM@UK, which shows all ATM locations in Great Britain . The OpenStreetMap project is a cartographer 's dream come true , says Randal Hale , who has a GIS consulting business . Hale has created custom maps for a few clients using OpenStreetMap and has put OSM-generated maps on his Garmin unit . "  With the professional mapping software , I have to purchase a license to use their version , which is expensive and I ca n't use the data for analysis , " says Hale . "  With OpenStreetMap , I download it , make cartographic edits and hopefully I have made it better for the next user . " Meanwhile , traditional navigation companies are also reaching out to users for help on data . For instance , Nokia kicked off a pilot project at the University of California at Berkeley to collect traffic information through GPS-enabled cellphones . Users could download the software for free and use it to check on road conditions on their phones . At the same time , the software would report data about its users ' positions to a central database , enabling the researchers to assemble traffic data in real time . Google has also said it will add nationwide real-time traffic data to its maps by collecting anonymous location data from Google Maps users . Still , community-created maps and navigation information remains a small niche , appealing only to "  GPS techies " who are willing to take risks , says Owings . "  There 's not a lot of public awareness because many people do n't even know they can do this with their Garmin or cellphone , " he says . But if you are planning to go to Berlin later this year , take a look at the OpenStreetMap site . Germany is expected to become the first country in the site 's database to be fully mapped by contributors . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	About half a million users are embracing crowdsourced versions of digital maps OpenStreetMap offers maps that can be customized and loaded to GPS devices Crowdsourced maps can show hiking trails , whitewater rapids and other features Developers are creating iPhone applications based on these maps
CNN  Barring a revelation from his parents or girlfriend , we may never know what was going through the mind of Andreas Lubitz in the moments leading up to the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 . What we now know is that all indications point to Lubitz as the perpetrator of the crash , locking the pilot out of the cockpit and setting the aircraft on a fatal trajectory into a remote mountain range in the French Alps . Every day , more details come to light , as the world struggles to make sense of why a 27-year-old German man would apparently choose to deliberately crash a plane with 150 people on board , including himself -- and remain so calm while doing it . When investigators searched Lubitz 's home in Dusseldorf , they found medical leave notes "  slashed , " suggesting Lubitz was hiding an illness or illnesses from his employers . The dates for which Lubitz was excused from work included the day of the crash , though investigators have not yet revealed the reason he was excused , if any reason was written on the notes by his doctor . We do know , from a German aviation source , that Lubitz passed his annual pilot recertification examination last summer . An official with Lufthansa , the parent company of the budget airline Germanwings , said that the exam only tests physical health , not psychological health . "  He was 100 % fit to fly without restrictions , " Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr told reporters at press conference last week . "  His flight performance was perfect . There was nothing to worry about . " Spohr added that Lubitz had "  interrupted " his training , which he began in 2008 . That break lasted several months , he said , but that such an interruption is n't uncommon . Lubitz suffered from "  generalized anxiety disorder , " with severe depression symptoms dating back to 2009 , according to French newspaper Le Parisien . While the main medical clinic in Dusseldorf denies it was treating Lubitz for depression , German investigators found antidepressant medications in Lubitz 's apartment , according to published reports that CNN has not yet been able to independently confirm . Die Welt , a German newspaper , over the weekend cited an unidentified senior investigator , who said Lubitz suffered from "  severe subjective burnout syndrome " and severe depression . "  Someone who has a significant depressive episode or depressive disorder will oftentimes get an antidepressant alone , and many times will have a good resolution of those symptoms , " CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta told Poppy Harlow Sunday on "  CNN Newsroom . " "  People who relapse or develop more of what is called a psychotic depression in addition may have symptoms of psychosis . Maybe they could be having delusions or hallucinations , but the idea is having breaks with reality . " One of the medications Lubitz was prescribed is said to be Agomelatine  an antidepressant medication  , according to Le Perisien . Antidepressants can sometimes make people suicidal , especially those suffering from schizophrenia and bipolar disorder . Other times , they can make patients manic or psychotic . The drug 's list of warnings and precautions include metabolic changes -- such as weight gain -- and the potential for cognitive and motor impairment . "  Has potential to impair judgment , thinking and motor skills ; use caution when operating machinery . " In 2010 , Lubitz received Olanzpine injections  an antipsychotic medication  "  to treat OCD , " according to Le Perisien . Doctors advised Lubitz to be more active , practice a new sport and regain self-confidence . "  This is a powerful medication , " said Gupta . "  If this is true , it sort of reads into the severity of just how bad the psychosis was , at least at one point in his life . " There are other things besides psychosis for which the drug may be administered , but that 's the most common use . One of the side effects is blurred vision . Citing two officials with knowledge of the investigation , The New York Times Saturday reported that Lubitz sought treatment for vision problems that might have put his career at risk . If he was prescribed this medication as an injectable five years ago , was now taking it as an oral antipsychotic and was n't taking it because of it was causing these detrimental side effects , "  that could be very concerning , as well , " said Gupta . Authorities have not ruled out that Lubitz 's vision problem could have been psychosomatic . Many people have been asking how likely it is that depression could result in this sort of horrific action . In a word : "  Unlikely , " says Dr. Charles Raison , a professor of psychiatry at the University of Arizona . "  Most people would just kill themselves , " he says . "  It 's very , very rare for depression to cause people to kill other people . This leads me to believe there 's something else going on , like a personality character flaw . " Forensic psychologist Jeff Gardere agrees . "  It has to be a very severe depression to the point that there 's a psychosis that 's a result of that depression , " he says . "  That 's different than the schizophrenia part of psychosis . With this kind of depression , it 's so deep that you actually break with reality . " Remember , Lubitz was in his late 20s -- and the odds of mental illness presenting at this age are much higher for someone in their 20s or 30s . "  Sometimes people lose touch with reality slowly . Other times , they lose touch really quickly , " says Raison . "  Bipolar psychotic states can develop in as little as a day or two . I 'm most curious what was going on in this guy 's life the week before this happened . Did anyone see any changes with his behavior ? Did he stop sleeping ? There 's a pretty good chance something would come up in speaking with the people in his life . " "  If a story does n't make sense , it means you do n't have the real story , " says Raison . "  Even people who are psychotic will tell you a crazy story . It 's crazy , but it makes sense . " More details are needed on Lubitz 's story . Perhaps the most chilling revelation so far is that Lubitz not only decided to do what he did , but that he ignored the pilot 's pleas to think about the lives on board and change his mind . "  It tells you he 's at peace with what he 's doing , " says Raison . "  If you were uncertain or anxious , you might still open the cabin door  when the pilot was banging on the door and yelling to be let in  . Calm determination to do this tells you he really believed in what he was doing . " "  If you look at school shooters , they go into a dissociative state , " says Gardere . "  They 've been planning for quite some time . They go into this personality where they can calmly go into murder mode -- robotic and calm . Even when they 're shooting or doing something rageful , they behave in a calm manner .  Lubitz  knew when he got onto that plane that he was n't coming back . " On Monday , Britain 's most senior psychiatrist told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that when a pilot is "  acutely depressed or suffering from ... any mental illness " that impairs his or her ability to fly , he or she can not fly an aircraft . "  We do n't let pilots fly with depression , not because we 're worried that they 're going to murder everybody on board . That 's such an extraordinary possibility that -- that 's not depression -- but because they 're impaired in concentration , memory and attention , which is n't good for a pilot , " said Sir Simon Wessely , president of the Royal College of Psychiatrists and an adviser to the British army . Wessely added that the Germanwings plane crash might open a discussion on "  relaxing the laws of  doctor-patient  confidentiality in different countries , " though in the United Kingdom , as well as in many other countries , a doctor is obliged to go to the authorities if he or she believes that people are genuinely being put at risk by one of their patients . CNN 's John Bonifield contributed to this report .	Investigators believe Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed Germanwings Flight 9525 , killing himself and 149 others Lubitz suffered from anxiety and depression symptoms dating back to 2009 , French newspaper reported Doctor : It 's ` rare for depression to cause people to kill other people '
CNN  -- Many angry Americans are urging a punishment on Florida in the killing of Trayvon Martin : a boycott . Musician Stevie Wonder wo n't perform there . Martin Luther King III is considering deploying the tactic -- often used by his famous father in the civil rights era -- against Florida products like orange juice . Social media activists advance boycott plans even on the state 's official tourism page on Facebook . Their actions seek the repeal of Florida 's "  stand your ground " self-defense law , which was at the center of a national debate in the wake of Martin 's shooting death . George Zimmerman 's lawyers did n't invoke Florida 's "  stand your ground " law in court , but it was included in the instructions to the jury that acquitted him . But will a boycott work ? And when are they effective ? ` Stand your ground ' laws up to states , not Obama or Congress The win column is spotty for boycotts against controversial state laws , experts say . The matter becomes further complicated by the fact that more than 20 states -- not just Florida -- have such a law . "  For boycott organizers , it 's more difficult with a state , " said Daniel Diermeier , a professor at Northwestern University 's Kellogg School of Management . "  Let 's say your goal is to change a particular law , " he continued . "  If you think about a political process , you could have multiple chambers and a governor . The political process is much slower and messier than a corporate decision process . " One example of success -- at least economically , one group says -- is the recent boycott of Arizona for its immigration laws . Akin to the Florida "  stand your ground " law , the Arizona immigration law "  triggered a fierce , national public-opinion backlash against the state and led many national organizations and opinion leaders to call for economic boycotts , " said a 2010 report by the left-leaning Center for American Progress . Arizona lost at least $ 141 million after groups canceled their conventions there , according to estimates in the 2010 study . "  This report provides a clear window into the potentially catastrophic impacts of pursuing harsh , state-based immigration policies , " the center said . But other analysts point out how Arizona did n't change its immigration laws , despite the boycott . It took the U.S. Supreme Court to do that , in a decision last year striking down key parts of the state law that sought to deter illegal immigration . "  It did n't impact the state in such a manner that people considered changing the rules and regulations , so all of this was done with very little positive results , " said Abraham Pizam , a tourism professor and dean of the hospitality management college at the University of Central Florida in Orlando , which is also home to Disney World . Protesters stand up to ` stand your ground , ' but laws likely here to stay But the center said the boycott did send a warning : "  Other states considering immigration legislation should pause before rushing to adopt measures like  the Arizona law  S.B. 1070 and understand the potentially disastrous economic and fiscal consequences of such a decision . " In general , boycotts have three functions : to cause economic damage , to keep a spotlight on public issues and to achieve a stated objective , Diermeier says . While boycotts can be effective in the first two aims , the third goal can be murky . "  Do they accomplish the objective ? There , the record is spotty , " Diermeier said . "  They are driven by outrage and anger , but they  sometimes  do n't have a clearly specified objective . " The Occupy movement in 2011 had such results : "  They never accomplished a specific objective . It was more of a channel for outrage , " he said . Among the better-known cases of boycotts producing major political change is in the apartheid era of South Africa , when many nations imposed an economic and cultural boycott so intense that the country became an international pariah . The boycott lasted several years . Finally , under the international pressure , South Africa ended apartheid , the system of legalized racial segregation . That was more than 20 years ago . "  Many said that  boycott  had an effect , but it lasted a long time , and it was supported by a large number of countries , and it was supported by the vast population , " Pizam said . "  That 's a different situation than we have now " with "  stand your ground " laws , Pizam added . "  There are people in Florida -- I know some of my colleagues -- who feel the ` stand your ground ' law is the right thing to do in Florida , so you do n't have 100 % support " for a boycott , he said . In addition to needing widespread support , a boycott would have to offer consumers easy alternatives . For example , can Americans easily cancel their family vacation to Orlando 's Disney World ? Can they easily find a substitute for their favorite Florida orange juice brand , especially when growers say they had nothing to do with the jury 's acquittal of Zimmerman ? "  For a boycott to be successful , we have to ask people to do things against their economic interests , " said Maurice Schweitzer , a professor at the Wharton School of Business . "  People are going to visit Disney or not . They are going to visit Grandma or not . " Boycotts require a commitment , such as when the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. led a successful boycott against buses and other public transportation in Montgomery , Alabama , in the 1950s as part of the civil rights movement , experts said . A clear and simple goal must be present , with "  a protracted feeling of outrage , " Pizam said . The sliding scales of self-defense Remember how Americans boycotted French wine after France declined to join a U.S.-led coalition to invade Iraq in 2003 ? "  The feelings that we have today are not the feelings that we 're going to have in six months , " Pizam said . "  Just as we were upset at France and might have chosen an Italian wine over a French wine a dozen years ago , I think you would be hard-pressed to find an American avoiding French wine . " Boycotts can backfire , such as when the president of Chick-fil-A provoked a consumer boycott by denouncing same-sex marriage and saying his fast-food chain backs the traditional family unit . Traditional family supporters , however , organized a counterboycott -- a "  buycott " -- and even a "  Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day . " "  There were some groups that went and actually started frequenting Chick-fil-A more , " Schweitzer noted . Corporate boycotts can yield more immediate results because CEOs can act faster than elected lawmakers , but the activism requires key ingredients : Consumers must care , customers must be able to easily shop elsewhere , issues must be understandable , and the boycott needs mass attention , often enhanced by speedy social media , Diermeier wrote in the Harvard Business Review last year . One successful effort was Greenpeace 's 1995 boycott of Shell -- a specific target -- which reduced sales in Germany by 40 % . The "  McCruelty : I 'm Hatin ' It " campaign by the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , however , has had "  limited impact " on McDonald 's because the issues are "  complex and not intuitive , " especially in comparison with the more easily grasped notion of a fur boycott , Diermeier wrote . The analysts were pessimistic about a successful Florida boycott , even if Wonder is calling upon fans to avoid doing business in Florida and any other state with a "  stand your ground " self-defense law . King , the civil rights scion , is also weighing a multistate boycott , such as against Georgia peaches because that state also has a "  stand your ground " law . "  These are things that my father considered in his era , " King said . But a Florida boycott faces overwhelming odds because it lacks an easy target and uses economic pressure to seek political change , experts say . Moreover , the gambit may even hurt African-Americans and other minorities because they often work in the Sunshine State 's vast tourism industry . "  Business will suffer the least , and employees will suffer the most , " said Pizam , the Florida tourism professor . "  It 's good-intentioned people who do n't realize the unintended negative consequences that will hurt the ones they want to help . " Added Schweitzer about a Florida boycott : "  It 's ridiculous . It 's an expression of frustration , and I think that frustration is valid . "  But I do n't think there 's sufficient groundswell to motivate a campaign that a boycott would require , " he continued . "  For boycotts to be successful , people have to have easy alternatives . Either you 're going to visit Grandma , or you 're not . And there are n't easy alternatives . " Juror pushes for new laws following trial	Boycotting state laws has a spotty record , analyst says Some boycotting Americans want Florida to repeal its ` stand your ground ' law Arizona boycott led to $ 141 million in losses , but experts dispute its effect on laws Consumer boycott can succeed if public can easily shop elsewhere , analysts say
CNN  -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal will face compatriot David Ferrer in Sunday 's final as he seeks a remarkable seventh successive title at the Monte Carlo Masters clay-court event . The Spaniard had to battle for almost three hours before overcoming third seed Andy Murray , whose hopes of a first win on the surface against Nadal were ultimately hampered by an elbow injury . Nadal finally triumphed 6-4 2-6 6-1 to set up a clash with Ferrer , who reached his first final in the principality with a 6-3 6-2 win over Roger Federer 's conqueror Jurgen Melzer in Saturday 's opening semifinal . Murray 's participation was in doubt before the first serve as he needed a pre-match injection , and he required lengthy treatment in the deciding set at 3-0 down -- having been denied it after the previous game due to tournament rules . He told reporters that he will have a scan on Sunday to determine the extent of the injury . Can Murray become a grand slam champion ? The British player has restored his confidence in this tournament , coming into it on a four-match losing streak after early exits in Miami , Indian Wells and Rotterdam following his Australian Open final defeat by Novak Djokovic . The world No. 4 had lost both previous clay clashes with Nadal and was seeking to redress a 4-9 career record against a player whose only defeat in Monte Carlo came in his first appearance in 2003 . "  It 's good to know you 're able to play at a similar level to what he does on the clay . To win against him , you need to be able to do that for three and a half hours , four hours . He 's the best player in the world for a reason , " Murray said . "  It 's good to be close to him , but I want to try to play better than that . I 'll need to , if I want to beat him , because he 's going to improve the next few weeks the more he plays on clay . " Nadal , the first man to win an ATP Tour event six times in a row , is seeking to extend his record of Masters Series titles to 19 following hard-court final defeats in Miami and Indian Wells by Djokovic -- who missed this tournament due to injury . He bounced back after dropping an early service game and won four in a row before Murray leveled at 4-4 . Nadal held to take the lead and then broke Murray as the 23-year-old conceded the set with a backhand error . The Scot bounced back well , hitting 13 winners to Nadal 's three as he won the second set , but he could not maintain that momentum in the decider . It was only the sixth time Nadal had lost a set in 39 matches at the tournament . Fourth seed Ferrer lost to Nadal in the semifinals last year before being beaten again by him in the final of the Rome Masters . The 29-year-old , a semifinalist in Melbourne in January , reached his third final of 2010 having won on clay in Mexico 's Acapulco and on hard-court at Auckland , New Zealand . Ninth-ranked Melzer was playing in his first Masters Series semifinal , having become the first Austrian to reach the last-four stage in Monte Carlo since clay-court legend Thomas Muster 15 years ago . Is Sharapova back as a real contender ? Meanwhile , women 's Fed Cup champions Italy face an uphill battle to reach this year 's final after losing both rubbers on the opening day of the semi against Russia in Moscow . World No. 3 Vera Zvonareva thrashed Sara Errani 6-0 6-2 in Saturday 's first singles match , then two-time grand slam champion Svetlana Kuznetsova battled past Roberta Vinci 6-2 6-7  4-7  6-1 . Zvonareva , making her first appearance in the teams competition since helping Russia to a fourth title in 2008 , can clinch victory in the best-of-five tie by beating Vinci in Sunday 's opening reverse singles tie . Italy have won it the past two years , but went into this match without top-ranked players Francesca Schiavone and Flavia Pennetta . The other semifinal between Belgium and the Czech Republic was level at 1-1 in Charleroi . The home team were without injured world No. 2 Kim Clijsters , and her replacement -- the 106th-ranked Kirsten Flipkens -- lost 6-2 7-6  7-4  to No. 18 Petra Kvitova in the opening match . The Belgians , beaten by Italy in the 2006 final and winners for the first time in 2001 , drew level when world No. 23 Yanina Wickmayer triumphed 6-4 6-4 against Barbora Zahlavova-Strycova .	Rafael Nadal through to seventh consecutive Monte Carlo title match No. 1 is looking to bounce back after two Masters Series final defeats in the U.S. He will face fellow Spaniard David Ferrer in Sunday 's final , having beaten Andy Murray Fed Cup champions Italy trail 2-0 to Russia in semifinal of women 's teams event
Iceland is pinning its hopes on the Arctic as Europe continues to suffer from high unemployment and faltering growth . Iceland 's president Olafur Ragnar Grimsson told CNN 's Richard Quest : "  The Arctic region is gradually becoming one of the most important playing grounds in the 21st century world economy . " His comments come four years after the country let its debt-ridden banks fail , and as the country 's growth looks set to far outpace the eurozone . Grimsson said the decision not to save the banks was "  the most difficult I ever had to make , " but maintained it was the right one . "  Allowing the banks to fail is one of the fundamental reasons Iceland is now in a strong recovery with respect to other European countries , " he said . Now , according to Grimsson , "  Iceland is better placed to benefit by maintaining our present position , rather than to let the EU speak on our behalf . " Iceland fishing for deal on EU quotas The 69-year-old president pointed to Norway and Greenland -- two other Arctic economies and non-European Union members -- as role models . He said he would not hesitate to veto a parliamentary decision to seek EU membership , a promise he told CNN he had based five successful presidential runs on . However , Grimsson said he was not sure whether Iceland 's strategy with its banks could have been replicated by other countries with similar problems , such as Ireland . "  Being part of the eurozone , they could n't devalue their currency . But they could have adopted our policy with respect to the banks , " he said . The Icelandic krona fell sharply as a result of the financial collapse , helping the country recover by increasing demand for exports . "  There are still scars , " Grimsson said , "  but on the whole , the will of the Icelandic people has enabled us to recover and move confidently towards the future . "	Iceland is pinning its hopes on the Arctic region as the eurozone remains in financial crisis The president says he would veto a parliamentary decision to seek EU membership Iceland allowed its banks to fail during its crisis , and the economy has since recovered
CNN  -- Former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick walked out of prison a free man Tuesday after serving just over 14 months of a 5-year sentence at a state facility in Jackson , Michigan . Kilpatrick had been serving time for violating probation related to a 2008 case against him . The former mayor walked out of the prison and got into a waiting SUV early Tuesday . He was given "  a small amount of cash from the cashier 's office " upon his release , said John Cordell , spokesman for the Michigan Department of Corrections . Kilpatrick was expected to board a flight to Dallas , where he was to be reunited with his family . He is to check in with a Texas parole officer on his arrival , and he must serve two years of parole , Cordell said . The former mayor pleaded guilty in September 2008 to two felony counts of obstruction of justice stemming from his efforts to cover up an extramarital affair . He also pleaded no contest to charges of assaulting a police officer who was attempting to serve a subpoena on a Kilpatrick friend in that case . He then spent more than three months in jail before being released in February 2009 on five years of probation . He was also ordered to pay restitution as part of his original plea deal . But on May 25 , 2010 , Wayne County Judge David Groner sentenced Kilpatrick to five years in prison for failing to report assets that could be used to pay the restitution , a violation of his probation . Kilpatrick will be subject to usual restrictions for parolees , plus an order to pay back what his lawyer called $ 860,000 in restitution . But even if he abides by all these conditions , the former mayor 's troubles are not over . He also faces a host of federal charges related to his time as Detroit 's chief executive , including racketeering , extortion , bribery and filing false tax returns . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Kilpatrick is expected to fly to Texas to be reunited with his family He was sentenced for violating probation related to his cover-up of an affair Kilpatrick also faces numerous federal charges related to his time as mayor He will be required to pay back $ 860,000 in restitution
Washington  CNN  -- When President Obama raises his hand , I will put down my pen . Or rather , I will step away from my computer keyboard . Inauguration Day will signal the culmination of an effort I launched on January 20 , 2009 , to write a letter to the White House every single day of Barack Obama 's first term . And I do mean every day . Weekends , holidays , when he was on vacation , and when I was on vacation . I wrote in my office , at home , in moving airplanes , cars , trains and even while running through the woods . I wrote early in the morning , in the middle of the day and late at night . I wrote about things that were important , like unemployment , Afghanistan and women 's rights . I also wrote about things that were trivial , like sports , favorite foods and my yearly battle with Christmas lights . The tally : 1,460 letters , well over a half-million words , or enough to fill about seven novels . Laid out as one line of text , these letters would stretch almost 3Â 1/2 miles or considerably longer than the inaugural parade route . I did not intend to get in this deep . Read Tom Foreman 's latest letter to Obama ... and all the others The first letter , written on that cold Inauguration Day four years ago , was a bit of a lark . Some weeks earlier , Barack Obama had suggested he wanted to hear from citizens about how to run the country . I thought it would be funny to post a series of letters for his first 10 days on the AC360 blog . People liked it , I decided to go for a month , and Bob 's - your-uncle here we are . The first year was easy . We all have ideas about what we would do if we were in charge . Bad ideas usually , but ideas nonetheless . I prattled on about the economy , security , bipartisanship , foreign affairs and his bowling technique . The second year grew a bit harder . By thinking every day about the presidency , I became more aware of how many intractable , repetitive issues press down upon any person who takes that job . It 's Biden time In the third year , I surged ahead . Having accepted that my fountain of easy ideas had run dry , I dedicated more serious thought to what I would say . To be sure , the letters became less entertaining , but I liked to imagine that they had more substance , although in retrospect I was probably wrong . And in this fourth year , I struggled . It seemed many days as if I 'd already said everything I had to say and then some . At one point I had considered writing letters to the White House for the rest of my life . The fourth year convinced me that this would be a bad idea . I found myself counting the days to January . Obama 's new term resolutions Along the way it occurred to me that being president is probably much harder than most of us suppose . After all , if it is this exhausting just thinking about the job , imagine what it is like actually punching the Oval Office clock . Truthfully , I offered very little advice . More often I presented general notions about how one approaches problems ; the same notions I would pass on to anyone in any position who faces daily challenges . Which , I guess , is pretty much all of us . I do n't know if he ever read a single line . All I know is that in almost every missive , I invited the president to give me a call . He never did . And I do n't blame him . Beware the tortoise Whether a Democrat or Republican fills that office , answering to the needs of 311 million people is a magnificent and daunting challenge , let alone answering their letters . So I will close my series with the same letter that started it all , by far the shortest of the bunch . Dear Mr. President , Congratulations ! Watching you on that podium today , surrounded by so many hundreds of thousands of Americans , I could not help but feel inspired by the miracle of democracy and the greatness of our nation . I also have a question : Do you have any idea what you 've gotten yourself into ? I know you are busy today , but call when you can . Regards , Tom	Tom Foreman wrote 1,460 letters to President Obama He did not intend to get in this deep Letters included a simple request : "  Please call " Foreman is still waiting on Obama 's call
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani armed forces have killed 80 militants since launching an assault on a region recently held by the Taliban , the military announced Sunday . Displaced people from Buner district flee the fighting . Three soldiers have been killed and eight wounded in the crackdown in the Buner district in the northwest of the country , the military statement said . The Pakistani offensive started in the province last Sunday , after Taliban militants moved into Buner , a move that alarmed U.S. and Pakistani officials . Pakistani security forces also killed at least 16 militants late Friday and early Saturday in the Mohmand district , in the country 's volatile tribal region , the country 's military said on Saturday . The incident appears to be separate from the hostilities in Buner . However , it reflects the tensions in the region and could signal a spread of fighting resulting from the crackdown . In the incident , about 100 militants attacked a Frontier Corps post in the Mohmand Agency , or district , an area where militants hold great sway . Troops returned fire and killed the 16 militants , the military said . Mohmand is in the country 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas that border a volatile region in war-torn Afghanistan and Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province . Earlier this year , Pakistan had entered into an agreement with militants , allowing them to enforce Islamic law , or sharia , in parts of Swat Valley in exchange for ceasing violence . The Swat Valley is a broader area that includes several provincial districts , including Chitral , Swat , Shangla , Malakand , Upper Dir , and Lower Dir . But Pakistani officials say the armed militants ' advance into Buner district violated the agreement and briefly halted peace talks between the two sides in North West Frontier Province . Representatives from Pakistan 's government and the Taliban restarted their negotiations on Friday and were planning to have another session soon , a provincial spokesman said . The Pakistani government has been criticized for not cracking down on militants along its border with Afghanistan . As a result , the U.S. military has carried out airstrikes against militant targets in Pakistan , which have rankled relations between the two countries .	Pakistani security forces kill at least 80 militants in country 's tribal region Pakistani army has been waging a week-long crackdown on Taliban Three soldiers killed , eight wounded in crackdown in northwest of country
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Superjumbo , the world 's largest passenger plane , has finally conquered the world 's busiest airport . Korean Air kicked off its double-decker Airbus A380 service this week from Seoul to Atlanta , which celebrated Friday with a spectacular ceremony . Shortly after touching down , Flight 035 slowly taxied to its specially modified gate under a towering arch of water cannons . Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson airport , which handled some 95 million passengers last year , is now the seventh U.S. airfield able to handle this ginormous aircraft . But nearly six years after the Superjumbo entered service , it 's unclear whether bigger is necessarily better . Atlanta 's airport spent about $ 30 million in passenger fees for runway , taxiway and jetway modifications , which enabled Bumshick Ehm -- one of Flight 035 's approximately 350 passengers -- to easily exit the aircraft after a 13-hour , 7,100-mile nonstop journey . Vine video of the Korean Airlines A380 taking off Friday Ehm was returning home to Atlanta with his 3-year-old daughter after visiting family in Seoul . "  Inside , when you 're flying , it really does n't feel that different from any other plane , " said Ehm , 33 . "  But when you see it from the outside , you 're reminded how huge it is . " More floor space and quieter engines Air travel is projected to explode in the coming decades . Airlines are looking to freshen their fleets , while aircraft makers are pitching their new planes as the wave of the future . The A380 boasts quieter engines and lightweight construction to save fuel . And it 's roomy -- with 50 % more floor space than its competitor , the relatively new Boeing 747-8 , which seats 400 to 500 passengers . #ATL24 : Behind the scenes at the world 's busiest airport More than four decades after the original 747 Jumbo Jet , it 's hard for any giant airliner to avoid comparisons to the enormously successful icon . Korean Air has taken some of the Superjumbo 's floor space and created a "  Celestial Bar " lounge hosted by a bartender . Also aboard is a "  duty-free showcase " where passengers can shop for cosmetics , perfumes , liquor and accessories . Upstairs , they can find luxurious Kosmo First Class suites and lie-flat sleepers spaced 6 feet apart . First class takes up the forward part of the lower floor with economy filling up the rear . Upstairs , it 's all business class , offering comfy seating but less privacy . "  The cabin is really modern , " Ehm said . "  I liked the duty-free shop , and the lounge made me feel like a VIP . " A cruise liner in the sky "  The reality is that if you 're on the upper deck , you do n't know there 's another deck below you , " says Brett Snyder of Crankyflier.com . Â "  And if you 're on the lower deck , it 's like sitting on a 747 . " In 2007 , at the A380 's American coming out party at New York 's JFK airport , the plane was compared to a cruise liner in the sky . But the A380 's reputation hit a rough spot in 2011 when a taxiing Air France Superjumbo clipped a smaller plane at JFK so hard it turned it 45 degrees . Clearly Boeing did n't think bigger is always better . In the 1990s Boeing briefly partnered with Airbus to collaborate on a new wide-body four-engine airliner before backing out . Instead , Boeing chose to build on its previous success . The newest version of the 747 -- the 747-8 entered service in 2011 with room for 51 extra passengers than its previous version -- falls short of A380 's capacity , although it is longer . Boeing 's new 747 warmed the hearts of countless aviation geeks who still crush on the plane 's distinctive front bulge . And it 's not just geeks who like it . A recent poll of 1,000 fliers by airfarewatchdog.com showed Boeing 's 777 and 747 beating out the A380 . Both Boeing and Airbus have suffered through mechanical problems with new aircraft -- the A380 with wing cracks and the 787 Dreamliner with overheating batteries . Seven U.S. airports can land the A380 Nonetheless , after two years in business , Boeing 's 747-8 has received more than 100 orders . Snyder points out that Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner , which seats up to 300 and has been in service for two years , has surpassed 900 orders . Compare that to the A380 , which has been in service six years and has yet to crack 300 . So now Atlanta joins six other American cities where travelers can fly the A380 : Miami , Houston , New York 's JFK , Washington 's Dulles , Los Angeles and San Francisco . Is the A380 opening new routes ? Not really , says Snyder , although the Superjumbo has "  enabled airlines like Emirates to put more seats on existing routes at a lower cost . " The 787 , however , is opening new routes that traditionally have n't worked because of cost issues or range limits , he says , including United 's from San Francisco to Chengdu , China . Â Or British Airways ' from Austin , Texas , to London . In the end , which will dominate long-distance flight ? Will we regularly soar above the clouds in four-engined , double-decker hotels ? Or will travelers prefer single-floor planes with two engines and fewer perks ? For Ehm and his daughter as they come to the end of their trans-Pacific journey , that 's not really at the top of their agenda . They 're just glad to be home .	Atlanta 's becomes 7th U.S. airport where the giant A380 airliner can land The A380 seats up to 853 passengers compared with Boeing 747-8 's 400 to 500 The Superjumbo has 50 % more floor space than any other airliner Are bigger airliners better ? Passengers , airline experts weigh in
CNN  -- A pilot who parachuted from his disabled Marine Corps jet last year said he was horrified to see it smash into a California home , newly released documents say . A firefighter walks past as flames rise from the wreckage of a military jet crash in California . Marine Corps Lt. Dan Neubauer 's statements , describing the December crash that killed four family members in a San Diego home , were released Tuesday by military officials . The four-page document details in technical terms several attempts Neubauer made to keep his crippled F/A -18 D from crashing . When it became apparent that the plane was going down , Neubauer parachuted out . "  I looked down to see where my plane had crashed and saw that it had gone right into a house . I screamed in horror when I realized what had just happened , " Neubauer said in the document . Neubauer landed in the backyard of another home and was not injured . The pilot had been trying to reach the nearby Marine Corps Air Station Miramar when he started having problems with his fighter jet . See satellite photo of crash site " The jet crashed into Dong Yun Yoon 's house , killing his wife , his two young children and his mother-in-law . An unoccupied house was also destroyed . Days after the incident , Yoon said he did not blame the pilot . "  Please pray for him not to suffer from this accident , " Yoon said . "  I do n't blame him . I do n't have any hard feelings . I know he did everything he could . "	Pilot horrified after seeing disabled jet crash into California home Crash killed four people in home , including two children Relative of four killed says he does n't blame pilot for crash
New York  CNN  -- A Brooklyn man was arrested and charged on Thursday with hate crimes after 12 mezuzahs were set ablaze as they hung on door frames outside Jews ' homes . Ruben Ubiles , 34 , was arrested on 17 charges , many of them hate crimes , including burglary , arson , criminal mischief and reckless endangerment , according to the New York Police Department . Police say Ubiles set fire to 11 mezuzahs inside an apartment complex in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn on Monday , which was also Holocaust Remembrance Day . A 12th mezuzah was discovered burned inside the apartment building next door a day later , police said . "  This was a brazen act of religious desecration , and it is something that is shocking to everyone in this community , " City Councilman Stephen Levin told CNN affiliate WABC . A mezuzah is usually found attached to a door frame outside some Jews ' homes . It contains specific Hebrew verses from the Torah printed on parchment , rolled up and put inside a case . CNN 's Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	Brooklyn man charged with hate crimes in burnings of mezuzahs Eleven of the scrolls were burned in one complex , the 12th in another Vandalism occurred on Holocaust Remembrance Day
Editor 's note : Seth Porges is a magazine editor and the creator of Cloth , an iOS fashion app for iPhone and iPod Touch . His Twitter handle is @sethporges . Mashable  -- App appeal is obvious . The barrier to entry ? So low ! The upshot of producing the next Angry Birds or beer-chug simulator ? So high ! Heck , with just a small investment of time and cash , it 's not hard for would-be mobile moguls to turn a concept into a steady stream of cash . And thanks to today 's app stores , it 's never been easier to try your hand at becoming the next tech tycoon . Here 's  almost  everything you need to know before you get started on your own app -- and what I wish I knew before I got into the game . 1 . What does it cost to make an app ? If you 're new to the app game , prepare for some sticker shock . Making an app will cost you , at the very minimum , around $ 10,000 . This is for a super-simple program -- none of that fancy enterprise or social networking jibber-jabber . Even still , any app worth its weight in code will likely cost you closer to $ 20,000 . Unless you have some basic design skills , you 'll need to enlist the help of both a programmer and a designer . And these guys ai n't cheap -- particularly programmers who , thanks to a pronounced shortage of qualified coders , can pretty much name their prices .  A suggestion for those low on funds : Find some creative way to come up with the cash . I funded my app through Airbnb income . You can try to offload some of your costs by offering your guys equity ; on the other hand , everybody tries to get free  or close to free  apps by offering developers equity . So unless you can really sell them on the strength of your idea  or bring something totally rad to the table , such as a celebrity  , you better be prepared to pony up some cash . Of course , adding in some equity as a bonus is never a bad idea , so you 'll probably want to dish out some shares too . This basic supply/demand dynamic also means that many developers ask for some pretty insane terms . Some demand deals that involve a huge upfront payment in exchange for a few weeks  or even just days  of work . And if a decent developer is n't already working full time , it 's not unreasonable to assume he 's at least a little commitment-averse . So , if you 're serious about making something beyond a quickie cash grab , find a developer you are sure will stay with the project for updates , and not abandon it the second it hits the store . And get it all in writing . If you do n't want to hire a lawyer , find a boilerplate contract online or get one from somebody else who 's gone through the process , and just swap in your names and numbers . If you can , you 'll also want to work with people who are local to you -- or at least with people who are willing to join you for regular Skype chats or Google Hangouts . I had weekly beer summits with my coder and designer , which proved super helpful as we continued to fine-tune our app well into its development . One more unavoidable cost : Apple charges $ 100 per year to hold onto a developer 's account  which you need to publish your app  . So be sure to reserve an extra Benjamin for your budget . 2 . What should you charge for your app ? I would consider starting one 's app at or near $ 1.99 . It 's premium price , but it 's also immensely satisfying to get more than a buck per download after Apple takes away its 30 % . And , as with most things , it 's a lot easier to lower the price later than it is to raise it . During the holiday period , we briefly played around with a special promotion that dropped our app price to $ 0.99 . Predictably , this spiked our downloads , but it did n't actually raise our total revenue . Even on Christmas Day -- the single biggest download day for just about everybody -- our revenue was actually higher a week or so later , once we had raised the price back to $ 1.99 . The obvious exception : If your primary business model involves in-app purchases , ads or the like , you 'll probably want to give your app away for free . After all , a quick glance at Apple 's top grossing charts shows a whole bunch of free apps . 3 . When will you get paid ? Apple sends you cash one month at a time , up to 45 days after the month has ended . So , if your app goes live in January , you can expect your first kickback sometime in early March . Oh , and Apple only pays you if your earned amount totals at least $ 150 , so you may have to wait before getting your first payment . Keep in mind , Apple only pays you through direct deposit . 4 . How do you write your iTunes description ? Do n't try to rock the boat here . Take a look at a bunch of hit apps , and crib their formats . If it works for them , it 'll work for you . Typically , this involves a quickie intro statement , press blurbs and a list of your key features . Then add some screenshots  the most interesting ones first  and call it a day . 5 . What 's the best way to beta test ? Getting an unreleased app onto your friends ' iPhones is n't the easiest thing in the world . My developer and I are in total agreement that the best method is a program called TestFlight , which makes it very easy to send build updates to registered devices , over the air . 6 . What happens when you get featured on iTunes ? Getting featured on iTunes is obviously awesome , but what exactly does it get you ? When Apple included our app on its featured lists , we enjoyed a predictable flow of downloads almost identical in volume every single day we were parked there . Especially fascinating , the "  New & Notable " list gave us almost exactly twice as many daily downloads as the "  What 's Hot " list . I 'm assuming this is because , when you tap the "  Featured " tab on the "  App Store " app , "  New & Notable " pops up by default . 7 . How do you get press ? As a longtime tech writer , the main advice I can give you in your pursuit for press is that less is more . If you think a site or publication would be into your app , do n't e-mail the entire staff or the big boss -- just find the writer who covers your category , briefly summarize your app in an email , and attach a download code  Apple gives you 50 for every update  . Smaller sites may be more responsive than the big guys , and if you build up enough buzz , you can rest assured that the majors will come knocking . If a journalist does n't get back to you , move on . And do n't even touch that phone or personal e-mail address  unless that person is a freelancer  -- writers hate nothing more than phone or personal-inbox press pitches . Consider also producing an embeddable YouTube or Vimeo ad of some sort . Not only does this provide one more avenue for people to stumble upon your app , but it also gives bloggers something alive and colorful to toss into posts , which could increase the chances that they 'll write about you . Keep it simple , and preferably , well under two minutes . And do n't forget to promote over Twitter , Facebook , etc. . 8 . How do you avoid the spam ? Within days of hitting the App Store , expect whichever email you linked to your iTunes developer 's account to be pounded with spam . Most try to lure you into ponying over money in exchange for positive reviews , under the guise of "  mobile marketing . " Let 's put it this way : If you do n't regularly buy Viagra pills online , then you probably should n't give cash to these guys . Of course , if you 're smart enough to make an app , you 're smart enough to know this already . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Making an app will cost you , at the very minimum , around $ 10,000 $ 1.99 is premium price , but it 's also immensely satisfying to get more than a buck per download Consider also producing an embeddable YouTube or Vimeo ad of some sort
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- When Glynis McCants looks at Michael Jackson 's life , she sees the number five . Numerologist Glynis McCants says that with his numbers , Jackson was a draw to fans . Jackson 's talent was discovered when he was 5 years old , he came to fame as a member of the Jackson 5 and he planned a series of 50 concert dates in London , England , as part of a comeback tour before he died on June 25 at the age of 50 . For McCants , a noted numerologist and author , those facts are very telling : "  Five is the number for drama , and it was in his life his whole life . " For many fans , the lure of Michael Jackson as a performer and pop icon was magical . Those who deal in the paranormal are tuned in to that magic . Numerology deals with the influence of numbers on personal characteristics and human affairs . McCants -- who has appeared on nationally syndicated television and radio shows and is known as the "  Numbers Lady " -- said that by taking Jackson 's birth date  August 29 , 1958 , or 8/29/1958  she could chart his personality . His was "  six life path , " she said , meaning he was magnetic and drew people to him . That , coupled with the fact that he was born on a two day made him irresistible , she said . "  If you are born on a two day and are a six life path then America and the world seem to fall in love with you , " McCants said . "  It 's almost as if you always get a shot with that energy if you shoot for stardom , and then you can sabotage it , " McCants said . "  Britney Spears was born on a two day , and she 's a six life path ; Lindsay Lohan was born on a two day , and she 's a six life path ; and Sarah Palin was born on a two day , and is a six life path . " Such people , McCants said , thrive on the attention . Psychic Eddie Conner said Jackson could n't help but attract such attention , even if it resulted in a life of isolation . "  He 's an old soul with an enormous amount of creative artistic energy that pours to him and from him , " said Conner , who works as a "  soul intuitive " in Los Angeles , California , and whose clients include celebrities he declines to name . "  Whenever he 's doing his magic he 's untouchable , and I think that 's the reason everybody gravitates toward him . " And despite all of Jackson 's troubles , Conner said he believes the star will have an opportunity at success and fame again . Unlike other souls that stay in the nonphysical realm anywhere from 70 to 150 years , he said , he believes the singer 's soul will return quickly -- within the next 20 years -- because Jackson was such a perfectionist that he will want to "  pick up where he left off . " "  If not as a performer , then a Quincy Jones/Michael Jackson/whoever , the top producers that get mass -LSB- music -RSB- out to the world to uplift them , " Conner said . Fans continue to gravitate toward Jackson even as they try to make sense of his passing because mourning him reinvigorates the energy and attention surrounding him , Conner said . "  He was untouchable when he was connected to his soul and what he came to this planet to do , " Conner said . "  The average person looks at that and they believe that if they can touch it -- or have him touch them -- then maybe some of it would rub off . " The desire for such a connection can cause devastation now that Jackson is gone , said psychic consultant Jack Rourke , who has worked extensively in paranormal research and consulted for major Hollywood studios . "  Even though we 've never met Michael , people create a symbiotic relationship with this image or this person , " Rourke said . "  We project all of the positive aspects of ourselves , all of the wonderful things onto this image of perfection or near perfection that we see , and we imagine subconsciously that this person is in agreement with the deepest part of ourselves . "  When this is no longer possible because this person is gone , it creates a vacuum within us , so people need to maintain a psychological or even a spiritual stability by creating a fixed image of Jackson , " he said . Rourke said he fully expects people to come forward claiming to have communicated with Jackson , but that any credible professional psychic or medium will not attempt to connect with Jackson for at least six months to a year and will only do so at the behest of a family member or an intimate friend of the singer . In the meantime , Conner said fans can still reach out to the singer 's energy in a simple way : "  The greatest way to connect with Michael is through listening to his music . "	Numerologist says Michael Jackson 's numbers add up to charisma Paranormal professionals see Jackson as out of this world Psychic believes Jackson will be reincarnated within 20 years Loss of Jackson "  creates a vacuum " psychic consultant says
Mental Floss  -- It started as body parts you jabbed into real potatoes and became a cultural phenomenon , resulting in some sweet film roles and government work . Let 's go back to the beginning . 1949 : A Spud is Born Brooklyn-born toy inventor George Lerner tries to capitalize on kids who like to play with their food . Surprisingly , Lerner 's idea of creating face and body parts that can be jabbed into potatoes is a hard sell . Toy companies worry that parents who 've just lived through World War II-era food shortages will balk at the thought of wasting perfectly good food . 1952 : The Tuber Spreads Hasbro sees the genius in Lerner 's product and agrees to market it , creating the first-ever TV ads for a toy . It turns out that parents have few misgivings about squandering their potatoes ; more than 1 million Mr. Potato Heads sell that year alone . Mental Floss : The map with only 38 states 1950s : Family Man Mr. Potato Head gets an arranged marriage . In 1953 , Hasbro outfits him with an instant family : Mrs. Potato Head , son Spud , and a daughter , Yam . He also gets a car , a boat , and a kitchen in the deal . Within a few years , the likable Spud makes friends with pals Katie the Carrot and Pete the Pepper . 1964 and 1974 : Attack of the Rotten Potatoes When parents complain about finding moldy potatoes under their kids ' beds , Mr. Potato Head ditches his organic body for a plastic one . Ten years later , new rules about choking hazards compel Hasbro to merge the head and body into one legless lump . Mental Floss : Shel Silverstein 's unlikely rise to kid lit superstardom 1980s : Fries on the Side Arnold Schwarzenegger and the President 's Council on Physical Fitness give him an award for abandoning his couch-potato lifestyle . Curiously , his new healthy habits do n't stop Mr. Potato Head from endorsing Burger King , McDonald 's , Wendy 's and Hardee 's . 1992 : A Spokesspud is Born Mr. Potato Head trades his dapper hat for a green baseball cap and exchanges his loafers for blue tennis shoes . In keeping with his new , sportier look , he also quits smoking in 1987 for the American Cancer Society 's Great American Smokeout . To show his support for the anti-smoking campaign , he publicly hands over his signature tobacco pipe to U.S. Surgeon General C. Everett Koop . 1995 : Supersized Mr. Potato Head makes his big-screen debut in "  Toy Story " , but his most prestigious gig is yet to come . In 2000 , Mr. Potato Head becomes the official travel ambassador for Rhode Island , "  the Birthplace of Fun , " where Hasbro is headquartered . Mental Floss : Blinding you with science : Hypercolor explained And let 's hear it for some of the best special edition Mr. Potato Heads : Optimash Prime , Tony Starch , Luke Frywalker , and Taters of the Lost Ark  known in some sets as Idaho Jones  . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Brooklyn-born toy inventor George Lerner invented Mr. Potato Head in 1949 Hasbro agrees to market it , creating the first-ever TV ads for a toy Mr. Potato Head ditched his organic body for a plastic one in 1964 The famous spud quit smoking in 1987 for the American Cancer Society
WIRED  -- Blockbuster videogame heroes have tamed the Wild West , repelled alien invasions and driven the Nazis from Normandy . But can they fight off "  Angry Birds " ? The popular mobile app hit 50 million downloads last year , and the iPad version made waves last week at the DICE Summit here when it was nominated for the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences ' prestigious Game of the Year award . "  Angry Birds " did n't win -- that honor went to "  Mass Effect 2 " -- but it was the first time a smartphone game had broken free of the Best Mobile Game ghetto and moved up into the big leagues . With a reported development cost of about $ 150,000 , the addictive fowl-flinging game is racking up ungodly profits . Ironically , it 's quite likely that a great portion of those dollars are coming not from your mom and other casual gamers but from hard-core players more likely to get deep into Halo than to spend a few minutes with an iPhone time-waster . At the annual confab of game executives , eye-opening stats outlined the evolving habits of hard-core gamers , who are spending a surprising amount of time playing games on smartphones and tablets . WIRED : Videogames need auteurs , but good luck finding them Anita Frazier , an analyst with the NPD Group , said game console owners spend more time playing mobile games than do those in the general population . And 38 percent of people who play social networking games like "  FarmVille " are "  established console gamers , " she said . "  Is there anybody in this room who really thought they would have been spending a lot of time playing social network games ? " Frazier asked the audience . The surprising popularity of casual games among even the hardest of the hard-core foreshadows a sea change for an industry that over the years has grown to resemble Hollywood , complete with star directors , creaking franchises and budgets that dwarf the annual operating costs of a small city . As indie and casual titles lure gamers away from powerful consoles , some big gamemakers are scrambling to imitate the success of Facebook and iPhone games . EA Sports boss Peter Moore 's assertion that the gaming industry is "  standing on a burning oil platform " kept coming up at DICE . The metaphor is clear : Stand still and it 's certain death ; jump into the chilly waters and you just might live . Everyone seems to agree that it 's time to jump . But nobody quite knows what direction to swim . "  I think it 's going to be crazy in the next few years , " said BioWare CEO Ray Muzyka in his DICE keynote . "  A lot of existing -LSB- industry -RSB- players are going to have to adapt in order to survive and to thrive . " The social blockbuster Travis Boatman , vice president of Electronic Arts ' mobile business , said that contrary to the popular belief that mobile games are played in brief bursts while on the go , about half of all mobile game time is spent at home . By porting hard-core titles like survival-horror game "  Dead Space " to iOS , EA is pursuing Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 owners who would rather sit on their couch and play with their iPads instead . "  I do n't think it 's all about us quitting our jobs and making ` Angry Birds ' and ` FarmVille ' clones , " said Jade Raymond , managing director of Ubisoft Toronto and producer of "  Assassin 's Creed , " in an interview with Wired.com . Raymond , who referenced Moore 's dire predictions in her own DICE speech , said she wants any new gaming franchise created by her company to include robust social features that connect gamers with friends . WIRED : When game developers go Indie , everybody wins Games should n't be the water-cooler discussion topic but the water cooler itself , the hub around which socialization occurs , she said . That 's already the case with "  FarmVille , " but not with the type of $ 60 Blu-ray games that directors like Raymond create . She pointed to rival Activision 's "  Call of Duty : Black Ops , " which allows players to bet in-game currency on the outcomes of online matches , as an interesting example of how to build a better blockbuster . "  The whole wager system ... adds a whole new dimension to multiplayer gameplay , " she said . Both Ubisoft and Electronic Arts have made efforts at pushing their big game franchises onto Facebook , hoping that snagging social gamers and getting them interested in the series will get them to spend big bucks on the blockbusters . Ubisoft rolled out a Facebook game for "  Assassin 's Creed , " while EA crafted a social game based on its upcoming role-playing game "  Dragon Age II . " Besides mixing social features into big games , publishers are likely to pursue core gamers who 'd rather play on mobile devices . EA 's Boatman says the success of complex iPad games like "  Dead Space " and Epic 's "  Infinity Blade " show that many traditional gamers are getting sucked in by robust , console-style content sold at a cheaper price on mobile platforms . End of the cycle With "  Assassin 's Creed , " Ubisoft 's Raymond oversaw the launch of the biggest new game franchise of the era , one that has sold 19 million copies since 2007 . But she 's conscious of the fact that the game market is getting squeezed at the top . "  To be one of those big blockbusters that 's really profitable is very hard , " she said . "  You have to be in the top five . " WIRED : Farm wars -- how Facebook games harvest big bucks Not the best odds . Raymond 's plan to integrate social features into her games a la "  Call of Duty " seems to be a push to get into that top tier again . But for all but the biggest publishers , the top may not be worth shooting for anymore . Mark Cerny , a game design consultant and creator of classics like "  Marble Madness " and "  Crash Bandicoot , " said in his DICE speech that the future of $ 50 million blockbuster games is "  looking a little shaky . " If Raymond 's math is right , Cerny is understating the situation . "  There are n't many of these high-budget games , " he said . Only about 60 games sold more than 1 million units last year , according to Cerny , and a game produced on a relatively thrifty $ 20 million budget has a much better chance of being profitable in that environment . But he 's not sure publishers can staunch the spending spree . "  There 's no intrinsic value to a $ 50 million game , " Cerny said . He likened the situation to Hollywood , where the cost of making summer tent-pole films has spiraled upward in the last decade . "  Waterworld " was widely mocked for its $ 175 million budget in 1995 , but that kind of money is routinely spent on big films today . The trouble , Cerny said , is that the games industry has learned how to spend big gobs of money just like those movie moguls . "  In 1994 , if someone had given me $ 20 million , I would have had no idea how to spend it , " he said , but game teams have become bloated with superspecialized jobs these days . To pare these groups back to only the essential members would be a daunting task , he said , but there 's a silver lining : The rapid advance of game console technology seems to have slowed down . New game machines wo n't materialize for a while , and anything that comes out probably wo n't be as radical a leap in power as Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 were over the previous generation of consoles . "  We can take time now to learn our craft , " said Cerny . "  To learn what is important to spend money on , and what is n't . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	With a reported development cost of $ 150,000 , "  Angry Birds " racking up big profits Hard-core gamers spending surprising amount of time playing mobile games Games industry has learned how to spend big gobs of money just like movie moguls
Hong Kong  CNN  It 's not just Asia . Around the world , we 're becoming collectively more near-sighted . Near-sightedness , or myopia , means nearby objects appear clearly , but those farther away look blurry . The rates of myopia have doubled , even tripled , in most of East Asia over the last 40 years , researchers say . Several places like Hong Kong , Singapore and Taiwan have rates in the 80 % . In South Korea , myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18 % in 1955 to over 96 % myopia in 2011 . And it 's a global issue -- rates of myopia are also rising in Western nations like Germany and the United States . "  It 's about 40 % in the U.S. , compared to about 25 % in the 1970s , " said Dr. Michael Chiang , clinical spokesperson for the American Academy of Ophthalmology . But researchers say reducing risk of myopia is easy , free and readily-available : Get some sunlight . Sometimes , though , the easiest solutions are the hardest to implement . The epidemic of myopia amongst East Asians has triggered cultural questions about why so many young people develop vision problems . Many have long believed that reading , studying or staring at your phone caused short-sightedness . And there 's the usual grumblings that young people spend way too much time glued to their screens . But researchers are focusing on a different cause . "  If children get outside enough , it does n't matter how much they study they do . They do n't become myopic , " said Ian Morgan , researcher at Australian National University . Researchers say kids and teens need to get sunlight during the critical years of their development while their eyeballs are still growing . The mechanics of how sunlight protects their eyes are not clearly understood . One theory suggests that sunlight triggers the release of dopamine in the retina ; another speculates that blue light from the sun protects from the condition . The solution is simple . Have kids "  spend more time outside , have less demands  from  the schools and relax a bit , " said Seang Mei Saw , professor of epidemiology at the National University of Singapore . But studying and play time are often at odds with each other . In Asian cultures where there is heavy emphasis on education and hyper-competitiveness , forcing playtime is easier said than done . "  The problem is teachers and parents are probably not going to let kids , " said Dr. Nathan Congdon , professor at the Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center at the Sun Yat Sen University in China . "  There 's a limit to how many hours kids can go outside . " There have been some attempts to protect children 's eyesight . In China , students have been mandated by its education ministry to perform daily eye exercises . Since 1963 , rows of students sit at their desks and massage the pressure points around their eyes as a revolutionary-era anthem blares through the PA system . Despite these eye exercises , rates of myopia in urban China have soared to nearly 90 % , according to recent studies . "  China has among the highest rates of myopia and it 's the only country in the world that does eye exercises , so it 's probably not working all that well , " said Congdon . Their effectiveness has been doubted by experts in China , but the exercises remain a part of the students ' daily experience . Myopia may seem like a minor inconvenience . People have to deal with glasses , contact lenses and even laser eye surgery . But researchers say there are serious implications of such high rates of myopia among young people . In Singapore , 82 % of 20-year-olds are myopic . By the time these young adults hit their 60s , many of their vision problems are likely to get worse . "  They grow older and the epidemic is then in older adults , " said Saw , head of the myopia unit at the Singapore Eye Research Institute . As people age , they can become at higher risk for severe eye disorders such as high myopia , glaucoma  optic nerve damage  , cataracts  clouding of the lens  and retinal detachment . These conditions could lead to vision loss and blindness . To negotiate the expectations of parents and classes , researchers are experimenting ways to help students get increased exposure to sunlight . One of the studies underway is the "  bright light classroom " where the school 's walls and ceilings are made of see-through plastic that allows in light . Hundreds of students attend this unusual elementary school in Guangdong province . "  It 's a potential way to increase the amount of light , in hopes of preventing myopia and allow kids to continue  their  education without inconvenience for them , " Morgan said . Researchers want to measure the rates of myopia among students in these "  bright light classrooms " compared with those in traditional classes . Building schools costs money -- especially experimental see-through schools . But researchers say there are low-cost solutions . In one Taiwanese study , teachers locked the students out of the classroom during recess and lunch time . In that 2013 study , students boosted their time in sunlight by 80 minutes during the school day . Fewer children in that school became nearsighted compared with those from another school that did n't follow such a policy . Researchers hope with greater understanding of this condition , far-sighted policies could save the next generation of children 's eyesight .	East Asia sees soaring rates of myopia , with 80-90 % of young adult population affected Evidence that myopia rates are increasing in Europe and the U.S. Scientists advice for kids : Go outside and play
CNN  Cleanup crews on Thursday started assessing the damage caused by storms that slashed across Oklahoma on Wednesday , killing one person and injuring about two dozen others across the state . A reported tornado ravaged a mobile home park , destroying dozens of trailers just west of Tulsa in the suburb of Sand Springs . Authorities said the man who died at the River Oaks Mobile Home Park had been trying to help his father , who was injured , according to CNN affiliate KJRH . One woman at the mobile home park told KJRH that she was cooking when the storm hit . "  Within 5 minutes it was dark and the sirens were going off and you could n't hear yourself think , " Brandy Richards said . "  And you just grab the kids and we ran across the street . My best friend has the only house that 's back there , and we barely got into the house and it took the garage . It was so fast . " "  It looks like there 's been a little war zone around here , " Tammi Hart told CNN affiliate KTUL . The storm flattened a Sand Springs gymnastics studio , where 60 kids and adults were huddled underground . "  We were just in the middle of practice and the sirens started going off and we just had to get all the kids to the basement , " according instructor Kelsey Haggard , who said she heard a "  big boom " when the building was hit . "  Just really happy everyone got out safe , " said Haggard . "  It was really scary ... it just seems so surreal . " In addition to the death at the mobile home park , KTUL reported two other people were taken to the hospital in critical condition . The Oklahoma State Department of Health said two dozen people were injured across the state , according to CNN affiliate KOKI . Storm damage was reported across the Tulsa metro area . Gov. Mary Fallin toured the damage in Sand Springs on Thursday and declared a state of emergency for 25 counties . "  Our hearts and prayers go out to the family that lost a loved one and certainly to those who were injured or lost their home or business , " she said . Severe weather also tore through the Oklahoma City area , including Moore , which has seen more than its share of devastating storms . A massive tornado hit Moore nearly two years ago , killing 24 people and injuring hundreds of others . The Moore Police Department said a 2-mile square area had significant damage , mainly roofs off homes and downed trees . Trees had to be cleared so law enforcement and emergency vehicles could get through . "  You know , this is n't the first time we 've done this so ... unfortunately , we 've gotten pretty good at getting people back into their residences as quick as we can , " said Sgt. Jeremy Lewis with the city 's police . Until Wednesday , there had n't been a single report of a tornado in the United States during March . CNN meteorologist Judson Jones said there were preliminary reports of seven tornadoes on Wednesday . An average year would produce 80 twisters in March , he said . March is typically a transitional month , where warm moist air from the Gulf of Mexico collides with cold Arctic air to produce severe thunderstorms and tornadoes . This year , however , the jet stream pattern responsible for all the cold air and snow in the East had remained stuck in more of a winter mode . But that changed this week as an Arctic cold front began crashing to the south , bringing together the stormy mix . CNN 's Sean Morris , AnneClaire Stapleton , Jeremy Grisham and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	"  It looks like there 's been a little war zone around here " National Weather Service : There are preliminary reports of 7 tornadoes "  It looks like there 's been a little war zone around here , " Oklahoma resident says
CNN  -- One of China 's biggest banks is planning to make the country 's biggest foreign bank acquisition to date and has set its sights on potential targets in Europe . China Construction Bank , the second-ranked Chinese bank by assets after Industrial and Commercial Bank of China , could spend as much as $ 15bn on a deal , according to Wang Hongzhang , the group 's chairman . "  Some of the banks in Europe have been put up for sale , " Mr Wang told the Financial Times in an interview . "  Now we are looking for the right choice . " He said CCB had Rmb100bn  $ 15.8 bn  of capital available to acquire a whole bank or , at a minimum , to buy a stake of 30-50 per cent in a larger entity . Mr Wang , who praised the progress of European policymakers in addressing the eurozone crisis , would not be drawn on individual names but said an investment in the UK , Germany or France would be most attractive . He valued the partnership agreement CCB has with Bank of America , which owns a 1 per cent stake in the Chinese bank , but did not plan to support it with a shareholding . Any acquisition would have to have a reasonable international presence , Mr Wang added , rather than just a single-country domestic focus . An internationally minded acquisition target would pose fewer "  cultural challenges " , he said . Investment bankers believe banks that were part-nationalised amid the financial crisis could make appealing targets . RBS , 82 per cent owned by the British government , has a market capitalisation of Â # 17bn . Commerzbank , the German bank that is 25 per cent government-owned , is worth barely â ‚ ¬ 9bn . Analysts and deal bankers have long predicted that Chinese groups , which retain relatively high market valuations , could swoop on comparatively cheap western rivals . But so far there has been little activity . ICBC 's $ 5.5 bn acquisition of a 20 per cent stake in South Africa 's Standard Bank has been the biggest deal to date . The Chinese financial sector has been scarred by the few deals they have done abroad . China Investment Corp , the sovereign wealth fund , took big stakes in Morgan Stanley and Blackstone just before the global financial crisis savaged their share prices . In Europe , China Development Bank has seen a big paper loss on its investment in Barclays , while Ping An , a life insurer , bought a stake in Fortis just before it ran into trouble and had to be split up . With Europe 's debt problems deepening over the past two years , Chinese regulators have advised the country 's banks to keep a safe distance from European financial institutions . At one point they were even told to avoid basic foreign exchange transactions with certain European counterparties because of the financial risks . "  In the past several years what happened to Chinese investors was not particularly encouraging , " Victor Wang of Macquarie Securities said . "  In my base case , I am not expecting any large-sized overseas acquisitions . "  But if they are talking about investing in a listed entity , it may look interesting from a long-term perspective because the asking price must be reasonable now . " Guo Shuqing , Wang Hongzhang 's predecessor as chairman of CCB , insisted last year that price alone would not be enough of a reason to do a deal . Mr Guo , who is now China 's chief securities regulator , appealed for caution when looking at foreign banks : "  Their shares have really fallen , " he said at the time . "  Just looking at the prices , it might seem a good deal . But it would not necessarily suit our development strategy . "	One of China 's biggest banks is planning to make the country 's biggest foreign bank acquisition Chairman : China Construction Bank could spend as much as $ 15B for "  the right choice " Wang would not name targets but UK , Germany or France banks are attractive Analysts have predicted that Chinese groups could swoop on comparatively cheap western rivals .
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Six hip-hop artists from five countries speaking four languages are on stage , warming up for their show at the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts . International hip-hop artists warm up for their show at the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts on Tuesday . "  Warming up " does n't really capture it ; the dancers explode across the stage , each one with a different hip-hop style . Michelle Salazar is chic-grungy in black jeans and white T-shirt , her long black hair swirling around her head . Hassan El Haf , from Lebanon , tall and thin , does a kind of electric hip-hop mixed with salsa . Argentines Mauricio Trech and Silvia Fernandez move in a dramatic break dance . Both hail from Argentina , home of the tango . Hien Ngoc Pham from Vietnam , with a buzz cut and dressed in white jeans and a white T-shirt , has Broadway bravado in his every move . The dancing stops and Samer Samahneh begins rapping -- in Arabic . No translation needed ; it comes from his soul . Three weeks ago , the dancers had never met , but now they 're a team , participating in the State Department 's Cultural Visitors Program . The program consists of three weeks of meeting American hip-hop artists and dancers and visiting New York City , Philadelphia and Washington , D.C. "  It 's like a dream come true for me , " Salazar said Tuesday , the day of the team 's show , "  because I only read their names in the Internet and now , like , I met Afrika Bambaataa , the founder of hip-hop . I was right next to him . It 's a real immersion into the culture . I do n't want to wake up ! " Salazar is n't just star-struck . She 's learning a lot and she plans to bring it back to her fellow dancers in the Philippines . "  Dancers in the Philippines do n't have much of a foundation -LSB- in hip-hop -RSB- , " she says . "  They do n't understand why dancers do this " -- she moves her arm -- "  or why they do this " -- she strikes a pose . "  Because if they knew why they would feel it . I can feel it by watching these -LSB- American -RSB- hip-hop dancers . " Samahneh agrees : "  You 've got to feel it . " His rapping , he says , comes from inside-out . "  Even if you do n't know the language , you can get involved with what I 'm saying . " Samahneh says that when he raps in his hometown of Nablus in the West Bank , he is "  asking God to bring peace to our land . " Colombia Barrosse , the vibrant head of the State Department 's Cultural Programs Division of the Bureau of Cultural Affairs , says the cultural cross-fertilization is the goal of the program . "  There is nothing that can substitute for being in the United States and meeting Americans in their place , to look at the richness and diversity of the United States . That 's irreplaceable , " she says . The Cultural Visitors Program is part of the State Department 's cultural programming around the world . The $ 8.5 million budget is supplemented by institutions like the Kennedy Center , which is co-sponsoring this performance . Most of the visiting artists in the program found their way to professional dance through hip-hop . Pham , a member of the Vietnam Dance Association , is currently working to open a hip-hop training center in Ho Chi Minh City to reach out to young people . With a broad smile , he says , "  Hip-hop is such energy . It 's so young . It 's also an opportunity for our countries to get closer , and I have a lot of friends all over the world . " Hip-hop may have started in the United States , but it belongs to everyone . Here 's how Hassan El Haf puts it : When he got to New York , he felt as if he had landed on his "  real planet . " "  Yeah , I see them , all the dancers in the street , the music , all the people that like hip-hop music , " he says . "  When I do hip-hop , it makes me feel happy all the time . This is my life . "	Hip-hop artists from five countries visit the U.S. to meet U.S. artists , perform Visit is part of State Department 's Cultural Visitors Program Team visits New York City , Washington , Philadelphia over three weeks "  It 's a real immersion into the culture , " Philippine performer says
This time it was the United States that gave up the dramatic goal . Portugal 's Silvestre Varela scored on a strong headed goal deep , deep in stoppage time to give Portugal a desperate 2-2 draw with the United States in a key Group G World Cup match at Manaus , Brazil . The goal , in the 95th minute , came off a cross from Cristiano Ronaldo , who showed no signs of a knee injury that was the subject of much media attention in the buildup to the contest . Second-half strikes by U.S. midfielder Jermaine Jones and striker Clint Dempsey had given the United States a 2-1 lead until Portugal rescued its World Cup chances . "  You 're disappointed not to get three points , but at the same time you have to take the positives from the game , " Dempsey said . "  We 're happy with four points , and there 's everything to play for in the last game . " The United States plays co-group leader Germany on Thursday while Ghana and Portugal square off . The Americans will win the group with a victory , but could also advance to the Round of 16 with a draw and a tie in the other match , which will be played at the same time . But if Ghana or Portugal wins and the other match also has a winner , tiebreakers -- the first being goal differential -- will determine the second-place team in the group . "  We gave our maximum , " Ronaldo said , according to a CNN translation . "  We 're obviously frustrated and sad with what happened . " The Portugal star was n't counting on getting the arduous results his team needs Thursday to advance . "  There are n't miracles in football . We knew it was a difficult group . Either we could qualify or we 'd get knocked out , " he said . "  Honestly , I never thought we were going to be the world champion . Anything can happen , now we have to be humble . " Time to rally The American goals made up for an early U.S. miscue that allowed Portugal to take a 1-0 lead when Nani scored after a U.S clearance attempt went awry . U.S. defender Geoff Cameron tried to knock away a cross , but the ball went to a wide-open Nani , who waited for U.S. goalkeeper Tim Howard to go down , then slammed home a shot from 6 yards in the fifth minute . "  You never want to get scored on , but it was good for us , " said U.S. midfielder Kyle Beckerman , who thought the Americans picked up their play immediately after the goal . Jones scored a sweet goal after Portugal cleared a U.S. corner . The German-born player took a couple of touches that unleashed a wicked bending shot that left Portugal goalkeeper Beto standing helplessly still in the 64th minute . Dempsey scored in the 81st minute when midfielder Graham Zusi sent a ball toward goal that the U.S. star redirected into the net . Portugal , the fourth-ranked team in the world and one of the pre-tournament favorites in Group G , outshot the Americans 20 to 15 . But Howard had four saves , including one that kept the U.S. from going down two goals . After a Nani shot ricocheted off the post , Howard swept away a rebound from Eder while reaching over his left shoulder . "  I do n't think Portugal broke us down . I think we in a way let ourselves down , " said Howard , who was named man of the match . "  So that 's kind of a good sign because had we gotten torn apart , it would have been a lot tougher . " Lineup changes The Portuguese team was missing defender Pepe through a red card suspension and striker Hugo Almeida and defender Fabio Coentrao , who were injured . Dempsey was playing with a broken nose that he said made it hard to breathe in the Americans ' 2-1 dramatic win over Ghana on a late goal by substitute John Brooks . After the match , he said he made it through Sunday 's contest without problems . The United States was missing striker Jozy Altidore , who has a strained left hamstring . Dempsey , normally a midfielder , moved to the top of the U.S. formation in Altidore 's place while Zusi slid into the starting lineup . The game was played in the heat and humidity of the Amazon rainforest . The heat index was 93 degrees at kickoff , and the weather seemed to have an effect on the pace of the game as the match moved into the second 45 minutes . The referee even allowed a short water break in the first half , a first in a World Cup match . The second half was played at a much more measured pace until after the U.S. goals , when Portugal attacked with more intensity , searching for the score that would keep it from being eliminated from the tournament . The Americans , 13th in the FIFA rankings , were cheered on by about 20,000 red , white and blue fans at Arena Amazonia . The United States and Portugal are the final two of the 32 teams to play their second match . Monday features four matches , two in Group A and two in Group B , as several teams battle for spots and seedings in the next round while others that have been eliminated let some reserves get in a World Cup match .	U.S. was seconds from winning before Portugal 's Silvestre Varela scored off Ronaldo cross U.S. led 2-1 on Jermaine Jones and Clint Dempsey goals Portugal scored an early goal to take a 1-0 lead Cristiano Ronaldo plays despite a knee injury , does n't score
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Haiti 's economy is getting a boost thanks to a venture with one of Korea 's largest companies that promises to bring 20,000 garment industry jobs to a new industrial park in the north of the country . Former U.S. President Bill Clinton and Haitian Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive were joined by members of the Interim Haitian Recovery Commission , the Inter-American Development Bank , Haitian business leaders and the chairman of Sae-A Trading Co. Ltd. at the Haiti Apparel Center in Port-au-Prince as they signed an agreement to build the North Industrial Park . It 's part of an effort to rebuild the Haitian economy that began even before the earthquake struck one year ago . "  This will inspire people all over Latin America , the Caribbean , the United States , Canada , Europe and Asia who have thought seriously about investing in Haiti and not come through , " said Clinton . "  What we need is a commitment to be competitive in getting investment and putting people to work , and then we need to build the institutions that will allow the people to flower . That is our commitment . " Smiling , Bellerive said that looking back over the past year , "  This is the best day of my life today . " The project is expected to generate $ 500 million in wages and benefits over 10 years and result in Haiti 's first textile mill , according to its backers . Investment in the industrial park will also include the construction of at least 5,000 homes . The United States will oversee the construction of a power grid that will provide electricity to the park and the surrounding area . The garment industry had been the prime source of Haitian exports before the earthquake and it remains so today . About 28,000 people currently work in Haiti 's garment sector , manufacturing products for Gap , JCPenney , Wal-Mart , New Balance and other well-known brands . Georges Sassine owns a garment plant in Port-au-Prince that employs 530 people . He believes the garment industry holds the key to growing Haiti 's economy and making the country self-sufficient . "  Today , this industry represents over 50 % of our earned foreign currency earnings . It also represents over 50 % of the total commercial exports of Haiti , " he said . Sassine did n't have a problem retaining buyers after the earthquake . "  We shipped our first container 10 days after the quake . We were ready to do business . " At the time , he had to ship his goods over land to the Dominican Republic before delivering them to buyers . Today , he is able to ship goods from a reopened port in the capital , Port-au-Prince .	The project began even before the January 12 , 2010 , earthquake in Haiti Clinton says it will inspire more investment in Haiti The plans include a textile mill and 5,000 homes
CNN  -- Just a month after reveling in the glory of a national championship , four members of the University of Alabama football team have been arrested after a pair of campus robberies . The accused are all freshmen players for the Crimson Tide , which beat Notre Dame in a resounding 42-14 victory last month to clinch the BCS National Championship . It was the Crimson Tide 's third national title in the past four years . Three of the players -- defensive lineman Dennis "  D.J. " Pettway , linebacker Tyler Hayes and running back Brent Calloway -- appeared in 13 games last season . The fourth , defensive back Eddie Williams , was a redshirt who did not play , The Crimson White campus newspaper reported . According to police , Pettway , Hayes and Williams punched and kicked a student shortly after midnight Monday until he was unconscious , CNN affiliate WVTM reported . The student 's backpack with an Apple Macbook Pro was stolen , police said . About an hour later , Williams allegedly beat up another student until he , too , lost consciousness and took his wallet , WTVM said . Hayes and Pettway waited in a vehicle , police said . Later that morning , Williams and Calloway used the second victim 's debit card to buy snacks from a vending machine , police said . The football program suspended all four players indefinitely . "  The University and football program have strict guidelines regarding issues of this magnitude , " Alabama head football coach Nick Saban said . "  This behavior is unacceptable for any student-athlete at the University of Alabama and not representative of our football program . " Police charged Williams , Pettway and Hayes with robbery , a university spokeswoman said . Williams was also charged with using a debit card fraudulently , as was Calloway , the spokeswoman said . All four teammates were booked into Tuscaloosa County Jail and posted bond , WTVM said .	All four players are suspended indefinitely , head coach Nick Saban says Two victims said they were attacked during robberies , police said WTVM : Two players are accused of using a victim 's debit card at a vending machine Coach : "  This behavior is ... not representative of our football program "
CNN  -- The passwords on iPhones can be hacked , giving someone the ability to make calls , listen to your recent messages and tinker with your contact list , according to a new video posted to YouTube . The apparent security flaw is shown on an iPhone 5 and can be exploited on phones running Apple 's iOS 6.1 , the most recent version of its mobile operating system , and some earlier versions . The technique was posted by a Spanish-speaking user with the account name "  videosdebarraquito , " who has posted other videos that show what appear to be ways to tweak settings on the iPhone . CNN is not linking to the video , which was published January 31 but recently discovered by tech bloggers . It involves using another phone placed nearby to make a call to the phone , canceling it , then answering with the targeted phone and fiddling with the power button . According to the user who posted the video , it ca n't be used to access other parts of the phone . And he urged anyone who used it to play nice . Use the bypass "  to joke with your friends . To do a magic show . To win a harmlessï " ¿ bet among friends in a PUB . Perhaps , to retrieve a phone number in case you do n't remember the password , or just to be warned that exists , " the user wrote . "  Use it as you want , at your own risk , but ... please ... use responsibly , do not use this trick to do evil !!! " The company said Thursday that it 's at work on the problem . "  Apple takes user security very seriously , " said spokeswoman Trudy Muller . "  We are aware of this issue , and will deliver a fix in a future software update . " The folks at tech blog The Verge tried out the technique , and said they were also able to access photos on the phone by attempting to add a photo to a contact . They were able to access an iPhone 5 that was running iOS 6.1 in the UK , they said . Similar bugs have been pointed out in previous versions of Apple 's mobile operating system . Usually , the company issues a quick update to fix the problem .	YouTube video appears to show a way to bypass an iPhone password lock The hack lets someone access your phone , contacts list and listen to messages NEW : Apple says it 's aware of the problem and a fix is coming
CNN  -- The photo from Ferguson , Missouri , that stopped me in my tracks was taken by a local educator . One man was on his knees , arms outstretched to prove to the police that he had no weapon . The other man was still standing , but had his hands up in the air ; his shirt covered his mouth , a feeble defense against tear gas . In the right hand of each man was a cell phone . The standing man was holding his phone so that the camera pointed toward the police . I wondered to myself , was he recording this confrontation ? The interplay between amateur media -- like this photo , taken by Liz Peinado on her phone and immediately posted to Twitter -- and professional media has been impossible to ignore in the days since 18-year-old Michael Brown was shot and killed by police in Ferguson , a suburb of St. Louis . Brown was unarmed . A town in turmoil -- 5 things about Ferguson , Missouri For every cool-headed account from a reporter , there 's been an impassioned Facebook post or Instagram photo from a community member that illustrates , I think , strengths and weaknesses of both traditional and social media . These days we need both . After all , it 's one thing to hear a news anchor say that police fired nonlethal rounds to disperse protesters on Monday night ; it 's another to see photos of the pepper balls and wooden pellets and the bloody injuries they caused . Jon Swaine , a Guardian reporter on assignment in Ferguson , wrote on Twitter that a St. Louis police spokesperson claimed on Monday night "  he did n't know what I was talking about when told protesters claimed they were shot with wooden pellets . " On Tuesday morning , Swaine held some of the pellets in his hand and said they matched protesters ' descriptions . The police subsequently confirmed the pellets were fired . Peinado , the local educator who posted the photo I mentioned earlier , wrote on Twitter that she was "  devastated " by the use of "  tanks , tear gas , rubber bullets , hand launchers , and sheer intimidation of county police . " Peinado 's photo of the two men holding cell phones was captioned , "  Men armed with nothing but phones ordered to get on their knees . I witnessed tear gas thrown at them . " The same two men were also shown in a Vine video by Antonio French , a local alderman who was perhaps the most prolific citizen journalist during tense protests Sunday and Monday . French 's six-second videos of tear gas in the streets of Ferguson were picked up by CNN and other news outlets -- giving audiences at home a raw , close-up view of the situation . "  For the most part , social media has helped bring home the impact of this death in the local Ferguson community in a way that traditional media probably could not have , " said David Clinch , the executive editor of Storyful , a company that specializes in finding and verifying newsworthy material on the Web . What we know about Michael Brown 's shooting There have also been online attempts to hold traditional media outlets accountable . The best example of this is the Twitter hashtag #IfTheyGunnedMeDown , which posed the rhetorical question , "  If they gunned me down , what photos would the media use to portray me and my life ? " The hashtag was born after a photo of Brown circulated over the weekend . Some saw the teenager holding up a peace sign ; others speculated that it was a gang sign . Resentment and disappointment about media portrayals of African-Americans was evident in the commentary about the use of the photo . Yesha Callahan , a writer for The Root , wrote that Brown 's death "  has once again shown that the narrative the media paints surrounding black people in America more often than not includes depicting us as violent thugs with gang and drug affiliations . " On Twitter , contributors to #IfTheyGunnedMeDown shared pairs of photos -- one stereotypical or unsavory , another showing the same person on graduation day or surrounded by family . The same site , however , was also a tool for inflammatory rumor-mongering . Monday night , for instance , some Twitter users shared false claims that another citizen had been shot by police . And , according to local reports , social media erroneously identified a police officer as the one who shot Brown . "  It is very important to be careful in stories like this , when emotions are running high , to make sure that information and content is verified , " said Clinch , who formerly worked at CNN . Clinch said he has spotted instances of people sharing images and saying they were from Ferguson , when in fact they were from years-old protests in other states . Teen was two days away from starting college Perhaps the best example of the interplay between amateur and professional media is also one of the rare bits of good news to come from the current unrest in Ferguson : A photo of local residents cleaning up one of the locations that was looted on Sunday night went viral on Monday : I saw a number of complaints on Twitter along the lines of "  the traditional media will never show you THIS side of the story . " But the photo was originally shared on Facebook with a small group of friends -- it went viral with the help of local reporters and television stations . Some of the volunteers were subsequently interviewed by a local newspaper , the Riverfront Times , widely amplifying their act and the message therein . "  We just all put our heads down and got to work , " one of the volunteers , Kathryn Banks , told the newspaper . "  We 'd felt hopeless and helpless watching everything unfold on the news the night before . This was a way we could give back . We felt like there was something we could do . "	Twitter , other social media light up with firsthand accounts of protests in Ferguson , Missouri Social media users have drawn attention to details the traditional media have missed However , such impassioned reporting has also spawned speculation , and major errors It 's important to check your facts "  when emotions are running high , " says verification specialist
CNN  -- Mary Travers of 1960s folk trio Peter , Paul and Mary , has died , according to her publicist . She was 72 . Mary Travers performs at the 2004 Democratic Convention in Boston , Massachusetts . Travers died from side effects of treatment from a bone-marrow transplant after battling leukemia , publicist Heather Lylis said . The singer was born in Louisville , Kentucky , in November 1936 and grew up in New York 's Greenwich Village . As a teenager , she performed in a Broadway review , but stepped on to the folk music scene in the 1950s . She emerged as an iconic folk singer while performing with Peter Yarrow and Noel Paul Stookey . Peter , Paul and Mary came together while singing "  Mary Had a Little Lamb " in Stookey 's New York City apartment . They went on to play gigs at coffee houses and later on the radio . "  As a performer , her charisma was a barely contained nervous energy -- occasionally  and then only privately  revealed as stage fright , " Stookey said . Their music reflected the 1960s and the 1970s , a time of turmoil as the civil rights and anti-war movements moved into full swing . Travers applied her recognition to rally behind those progressive movements . In 1963 , the trio performed its hit song "  If I Had a Hammer " at the Washington march where Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his famed "  I Have a Dream Speech , " her publicist said . "  We 've learned that it will take more than one generation to bring about change , " Travers once said . "  The fight for civil rights has developed into a broader concern for human rights , and that encompasses a great many people and countries . Those of us who live in a democracy have a responsibility to be the voice for those whose voices are stilled . " Travers advocated against U.S. government moves in Central America in the 1980s . She went on a mission to El Salvador and later spoke out against the country 's regime . She also opposed American funding of a militant group in Nicaragua set on overthrowing an elected government there , according to her publicist . Peter , Paul and Mary recorded hits still recognized now , including "  Leaving on a Jet Plane , " "  Puff the Magic Dragon " and "  Where Have All the Flowers Gone . " They performed together for nearly 50 years , winning five Grammys and releasing 13 Top 40 hits , six of them in the Top 10 charts . Their debut album , "  Peter , Paul and Mary " was on the Top 10 chart for 10 months . Travers also recorded four solo albums in the 1970s . "  Her talent was huge ... Mary was the difference maker , " said Joe Smith , former head of Warner Brothers Records . "  Super bright , super talented , and a pleasure to know and work with . " Their last performance was in New Brunswick , New Jersey , on May 20 . Those closest to Travers say she valued her friendships . "  Perhaps the most remarkable aspect of my relationship with Mary Travers over the last almost 50 years is how open and honest we were with each other , and I include Noel Paul Stookey in this equation , " Yarrow said in a statement . "  Such honesty comes with a price , but when you get past the hurt and shock of realizing that you 're faulted and frequently wrong , you also realize that you are really loved and respected for who you are , and you become a better person . " She is survived by her husband , Ethan Robbins ; her daughters Alicia and Erika ; her sister , Ann Gordon ; and her granddaughters Wylie and Virginia .	Mary Travers was a member of the 1960s folk trio Peter , Paul and Mary The trio sang "  If I Had a Hammer " and "  Puff the Magic Dragon " She died from side effects of treatment from a bone-marrow transplant
CNN  -- A grand jury has indicted Texas Gov. Rick Perry , a potential 2016 presidential candidate , saying he abused his power by trying to pressure a district attorney to resign . The two felony counts against Perry , a Republican , stem from his threat to veto funding for a statewide public integrity unit run by Travis County District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg unless she stepped down , the special prosecutor in the case , Michael McCrum , said . Perry attorney David L. Botsford called the indictment a "  political abuse of the court system . " He said the action "  violated the separation of powers " and "  sets a dangerous precedent by allowing a grand jury to punish the exercise of a lawful and constitutional authority afforded to the Texas governor . " CNN affiliate KVUE reported that Perry will have to report to the Travis County Jail in the capital of Austin to be booked , fingerprinted and have his photo made for a mugshot . Perry can continue to serve as governor while under indictment , KVUE reported . His attorneys could seek to have the charges thrown out , a motion that would delay the case , at the very least . The grand jury in Travis County indicted the governor on charges of coercion of a public servant and abuse of his official capacity . Read the indictment  PDF The charges have serious political implications , both in Texas and beyond . Perry is entering his final few months in office after a historic 14-year run in Austin . The Republican running to replace Perry is state Attorney General Greg Abbott , who will have to answer questions about the legal drama . Abbott is facing off against Democratic star Wendy Davis , whose campaign is already making hay of Friday 's news . Perry 's presidential prospects could be damaged . It 's an open secret he 's laying groundwork for a second presidential campaign after his disastrous 2012 effort . The governor has positioned himself as an early conservative alternative to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , another GOP presidential contender . Perry is scheduled to visit the early primary states of New Hampshire and South Carolina in the coming weeks to meet with Republican activists and legislators . According to McCrum , the indictment alleges that the circumstances around Perry 's veto threat amounted to a misuse of state money earmarked by the Legislature to fund the public integrity unit in Travis County run by Lehmberg . The second charge alleges that he improperly used the veto threat to get her to resign following her arrest on a drunk driving charge . She stayed in office . "  I 'm ready to go forward  in  my task as district attorney . In this case , the grand jury has spoken and I 'm going forward to carry out the duties that have been bestowed upon me , " McCrum said . "  I feel confident about the charges that have been filed , " he added . Mary Anne Wiley , general counsel for Perry 's office , said the "  veto in question was made in accordance " with the authority "  afforded to every governor " under the state 's constitution . "  We will continue to aggressively defend the governor 's lawful and constitutional action , and believe we will ultimately prevail , " Wiley said in a statement . Political opponents of Perry , who unsuccessfully sought the Republican presidential nomination in 2012 , urged him to resign . "  Governor Rick Perry has brought dishonor to his office , his family and the state of Texas , " the Texas Democratic Party said in a statement . "  We call on Governor Perry to immediately step down from office . Texans deserve real leadership and this is unbecoming of our governor . " Opinion : The case against Perry CNN 's Steve Brusk , Dana Davidsen , Leslie Bentz and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	NEW : Perry lawyer calls indictments "  political abuse of the court system " Indictment by country grand jury in Texas stems from effort to remove local prosecutor Perry allegedly threatened to veto funding for a program run by the DA in Austin Indictment could have political implications
CNN  -- Not in my lifetime have I witnessed a pope who has so quickly succeeded in making more Catholics , and non-Catholics , hyperventilate than Pope Francis . Indeed , some are ready to jump off the bleachers . They all need to calm down . Pope Francis is delightfully frank , and that is what makes him positively engaging . He is also provocative in the best sense of that word . He seeks to challenge us and shake us out of our comfort zone . But he is not about to turn the Catholic Church upside down and inside out . Such talk is pure lunacy . In a three-part meeting in Rome with Catholic journalists last month , Pope Francis offered his thoughts on a wide range of subjects ; they were published Thursday by America magazine , the Jesuit weekly . Everyone should read it for themselves . There is nothing new about ripping what a famous person said out of context , and that is exactly what is going on now with Pope Francis . The breaking news alert by The New York Times is titled , "  Pope Bluntly Faults Church 's Focus on Gays and Abortion . " In the Times alert , it says the pope discusses how "  the Roman Catholic Church has grown ` obsessed ' with preaching about abortion , gay marriage and contraception , " and that he has been criticized for doing so . It also quotes him saying the Catholic Church should be "  home for all " and not a "  small chapel " that is "  focused on doctrine , orthodoxy and a limited agenda of moral teachings . " Regarding the pope 's statements on abortion and gay marriage , here is what he said : "  We can not insist only on issues related to abortion , gay marriage and the use of contraceptive methods . This is not possible . " He also said , "  when we speak about these issues , we have to talk about them in a context . " What the pope said makes eminently good sense . For example , when I became president of the Catholic League 20 years ago , I visited the chapters around the nation and found that many were single-issue entities . Some focused exclusively on abortion ; others were obsessed with homosexuality ; still others demanded we just concentrate on medical ethics . I shared many of their concerns , but I also told them we are an anti-defamation organization and should not become preoccupied with other matters , no matter how noble . The pope is right that single-issue Catholics need to rise above their immediate concerns . He did not say we should avoid addressing abortion or homosexuality ; he simply said we can not be absorbed by these issues . Or any others . Laurie Goodstein 's article in The New York Times on the pope 's comments says U.S. bishops will feel the pinch of these remarks as they often appear "  to make combating abortion , gay marriage and contraception their top public policy priorities . " This is inaccurate . It is not the bishops who have made these issues front and center -- it is the Obama administration . It would be more accurate to say the pope would find fault with the bishops if they did not resist these state encroachments on the religious liberty rights of Catholics . The Times alert was wrong to characterize the pope 's "  small chapel " remark as a criticism of focusing on "  doctrine , orthodoxy and a limited agenda of moral teachings . " In the previous paragraph , he speaks about "  the sanctity of the militant church . " In the following sentence , the pope says , " -LSB- W -RSB- e must not reduce the bosom of the universal church to a nest protecting our mediocrity . " Excellent . Then , in the same paragraph , he cites the "  negative behavior " of priests and nuns , saying their conduct is that of an "  unfruitful bachelor " and a "  spinster . " He most emphatically did not say what the Times attributed to him . Pope Francis unequivocally rejects abortion and gay marriage . Elsewhere , he has said , " -LSB- T -RSB- he moral problem with abortion is of a prereligious nature because the genetic code of the person is present at the moment of conception . There is already a human being . " Similarly , he says , his opposition to gay marriage "  is not based on religion , but rather on anthropology . " Pope Francis wants us to oppose abortion . He also wants us to reach out to women who are contemplating one , and to help women who have had one to find peace with God  that 's why the Catholic Church has Project Rachel  . He wants us to oppose same-sex marriage . He also does n't want us to reject lesbians and gays because they are homosexual . This is sound Catholic teaching . Kudos to Pope Francis . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Donohue .	William Donohue : Pope Francis seeks to provoke and shake us out of our comfort zone Donohue : But he is not about to turn the Catholic Church upside down , inside out He says Pope Francis unequivocally rejects both abortion and same-sex marriage Donohue : Pope is right that single-issue Catholics need to rise above their concerns
CNN  -- European soccer body UEFA has issued a statement after an 11-year-old boy managed to invade the pitch and pose as a member of Chelsea Football Club 's entourage following this week 's Europa League Final . He follows a  dis  honorable line of other gatecrashers who between them have blagged their way past security at the White House , the Olympics , the Oscars and even royal parties . At the 1974 Academy Awards , streaker Robert Opel raced across the stage , prompting presenter and movie star David Niven to quip : "  Is n't it fascinating to think that probably the only laugh that man will ever get in his life is for stripping off and showing his shortcomings . " Watch YouTube footage of the incident Read more : TIME 's top 10 odd protests Meanwhile , Jarvis Cocker , lead singer of British band Pulp , caused a furor at the 1996 Brit Awards in London when he invaded the stage during Michael Jackson 's performance of "  Earth Song " in protest "  at the way Michael Jackson sees himself as some kind of Christ-like figure with the power of healing . " Cocker was arrested but later released without charge . Watch YouTube footage of the incident In 2003 , self-described "  comedy terrorist " Aaron Barschak gatecrashed Prince Harry 's 21st birthday party at royal residence Windsor Castle , near London , wearing a pink ball gown and fake Osama bin Laden turban and beard . He said he kissed Prince William on both cheeks before being removed : a police report later said the incident had highlighted serious flaws in security . Read more : Royal gatecrasher -- police blamed Six years later , in November 2009 , U.S. President Barack Obama hosted his first state dinner . Two of the people mingling with those gathered for the dinner in honor of India 's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh were not on the official guest list : Reality television stars Tareq and Michaele Salahi made their way into the White House despite not having a physical invitation . Their lawyer Stephen Best told a 2010 congressional hearing into the incident : "  They thought they were invited ... if it was a misunderstanding , it was a misunderstanding caused by representatives of the government . " The couple invoked the fifth amendment in response to most of the lawmakers ' questions . As a footnote , Michaele Salahi was later also kicked out of the television show "  Celebrity Rehab " for not actually having an addiction . Read more : Alleged dinner crashers invoke Fifth Amendment Read more : White house party-crasher booted from ` Celebrity rehab ' Amid the cardinals who flew in for the papal conclave at the Vatican earlier this year , one cut an incongruous figure . His cassock was too short , his sash was purple rather than red and he sported a jaunty fedora amongst the skullcaps . "  Basilius " was in fact Ralph Napierski , a German self-declared bishop with the non-existent "  Italian Orthodox Church . " The pope 's Swiss Guards -- themselves known for stand-out apparel -- escorted Napierski away before he could join a top-secret meeting . Read more : Fake bishop busted and booted from the Vatican The Indian Olympic team 's moment of glory at the 2012 London Games ' Opening Ceremony was shared by a mystery woman in a red shirt and blue trousers who waved to the crowd as the delegation marched round the stadium . The woman was later revealed as Madhura Nagendra , who said she was a member of the Opening Ceremony cast . Nagendra later said she regretted her "  error of judgement , " telling the Times of India "  I have a lot of spirit and courage , I did n't want to hide from the media . " In 2001 , British media named Briton Karl Power as the man who had appeared as an extra player in an on-pitch photo of football team Manchester United . The next year , the Guardian newspaper described Power as "  possibly Britain 's greatest interloper , " saying he had also walked out to bat for England , played Wimbledon 's Centre Court and taken to the winners ' podium at the British Formula 1 Grand Prix . Dinners , conclaves , sports pitches ... what about lives ? A number of people have taken on long-term fake identities and in turn seen their stories portrayed on the big screen . Alan Conway -- who impersonated the secretive filmmaker Stanley Kubrick -- gained access to London 's exclusive clubs and a number of celebrities ' ears . The drama "  Color Me Kubrick " tells Conway 's tale . Read Guardian article ` The Counterfeit Kubrick ' Similarly , American David Hampton posed as the son of actor Sidney Poitier to gain access to the homes of New York 's elite or to get money . His story was made into a film , "  Six Degrees of Separation . " Read more : New York Times obituary	A boy , 11 , posed as a member of the Chelsea entourage at the Europa League Final this week He was the latest in a long line of people to gatecrash events from the Olympics to Oscars Sports events , royal parties , state dinners and the papal conclave have all been targeted Some serial hoaxers have been the inspiration for films such as "  Six Degrees of Separation "
Conakry , Guinea  CNN  -- Alpha Conde said Monday in a speech to supporters at his home that his victory in last week 's presidential runoff will result in "  a new era " for Guinea . "  Tonight marks a new era for our country , the hour of change that millions of Guineans have strived for years to achieve , " he said in a victory speech in the Mafonco neighborhood of Conakry . He delivered the speech shortly after the president of the Independent National Electoral Commission declared he was the victor in last week 's tightly contested presidential election , the first in the West African republic 's 52-year history . Outside Conde 's residence , hundreds of cheering supporters surrounded his house in jubilation . About eight soldiers who made up his security contingent fired their AK-47s into the air in celebration . The announcement capped a day of violence in the capital city of Conakry during which supporters of Conde and challenger Cellou Dalein Diallo claimed victory in the November 7 runoff election . Shortly after Conde declared he had won , Diallo said he was the winner . In the melee that followed , security forces fired on supporters of Diallo in the Bambeto area of Conakry , killing three people , a spokesman for the military police said . Gunfire could be heard throughout the day as demonstrators set tires afire in an attempt to block roads and threw stones at security forces armed in riot gear as they patrolled the streets in pickup trucks . The forces fired tear gas and live ammunition against demonstrators , many of them boys who had thrown stones and then retreated into buildings . Though most of the streets were open , most of the stores were closed on Monday , a day before a Muslim holiday , when shoppers would typically be out in force stocking up on foodstuffs . The U.S.-based Carter Center and a European Union election group both monitored last week 's election and said they had found no major problems . "  The Carter Center congratulates Guineans for the peaceful and orderly conduct of voting and the high level of participation , " the Carter Center said last week . "  The successful voting process is an overwhelming testament of Guineans ' profound desire to express their will at the ballot box and to complete their historic democratic transition . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged Guineans to "  accept the results ... and resolve any differences through legal means . " In a statement , he said the republic had the United Nations ' full support , and urged individual countries "  to provide Guinea with concrete support as the country embarks on a new phase towards peace , consolidation and development . " But supporters of Diallo said voter fraud was widespread , with more ballots cast in certain areas than there were people registered to vote . In other cases , they said , they had evidence that ballots that had been filled out at the polling places differed from the ballots that were submitted to the central counting location in Conakry . Violence surrounding the election has an ethnic dimension : Conde is an ethnic Malinke and Diallo a Peul . The election results had initially been due last Wednesday , but Gen. Siaka Toumani Sangare , who heads the Independent National Electoral Commission , said he was delaying them to give time to consider election complaints that had been posed by both sides . Early results showed many Guineans voted along ethnic and regional lines , with the ethnic Peul , also known as Fulani , supporting the Peul candidate , Diallo , and the Malinke strongly in favor of their candidate , Conde . As winner , Conde will get unparalleled access to lucrative mining contracts for the ruling party . In the past , Guinean presidents have favored their own ethnic groups , which is why many have openly worried that their community would be shut out of the resources if they lose . But others were more hopeful that Guinea 's democratic transition from the military junta that took power in 2008 would take place peacefully . "  The Guinean population from all the regions has witnessed war in the neighboring countries and has received displaced people , and I do n't think they want to be in that position , " Mamadou Camara , a computer engineer in Conakry , told CNN Thursday . Guinea , rich in minerals , is one of the poorest countries in Africa . Its new president will have to deal with myriad infrastructure problems , like the widespread lack of electricity and running water .	NEW : U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Guineans to "  accept the results " The independent electoral commission gives Conde 52.5 percent of the vote The announcement caps a day of violence in the capital Security forces fire tear gas and live ammo into crowds of demonstrators
CNN  -- Navy SEAL Aaron Vaughn "  would n't want to leave this Earth any other way than how he did , " his wife told CNN , a day after she learned her husband was one of 30 U.S. service members killed in a helicopter crash Saturday in Afghanistan . "  He loved his job , " Kimberly Vaughn said . "  There was no way -- even if you could tell him that this would have happened he would have done it anyway . All those men are like that . They 're selfless . " The Navy confirmed that 22 SEALS and eight other U.S. service members died when a CH-47 Chinook crashed in the restive Wardak province early Saturday morning . It was the single largest loss of life for U.S. troops since the Afghan war began in late 2001 . They were part of a "  quick reaction " force sent to assist members of the 75th Army Ranger Regiment pinned down by enemy fire in a fierce firefight , a U.S. military official speaking on condition of anonymity told CNN . The mission targeted a Taliban commander directly responsible for attacks on U.S. troops , military officials with knowledge of the operation said Sunday . Insurgents are believed to have shot down the helicopter , said the official , who was not authorized to release details to the media . The Taliban claimed militants downed the helicopter with a rocket-propelled grenade . Known Taliban leader had been targeted Kimberly Vaughn saw TV reports about the downed helicopter Saturday morning , but the tragedy reached her home when her doorbell rang . "  I thought , ` Oh , hopefully it 's just a neighbor , ' and as I rounded the stairs I saw the men in uniform and I just fell to my knees , " she said . "  There 's no preparing for it . It 's something you see in the movies . It 's not something you 're supposed to live through . " Her father was standing with her to hold her up as the Navy officers told her that her husband was killed in action . "  I fell to my knees and cried and did n't want to hear it , but it 's the truth , " Vaughn said . "  You want it to be a mistake . You want them to say it 's the wrong person , but I would n't wish this on anyone . " Complex landscape where troops died Aaron Vaughn called his wife 's cell phone Friday afternoon and spoke to her and their 2-year-old son Reagan , she said . "  It was actually a great conversation -- probably just about time before he went out to work that night , " she said . "  We got to tell each other we loved each other , so it was a great conversation to have . " Aaron and Kimberly , married for three years , also have a 2-month-old daughter , Chamberlyn . He was stationed in Virginia Beach , Virginia , "  I want to tell the world that he was an amazing man , that he was a wonderful husband , and a fabulous father to two wonderful children , " she said . "  He was a warrior for Christ and he was a warrior for our country and he would n't want to leave this Earth any other way than how he did . " Vaughn 's grandmother called him "  a great American " who wanted to be a Navy SEAL ever since he was a boy . Geneva Carson Vaughn recalled one of the last conversations she had with him . "  I told him to be careful and he said , ` Granny , do n't worry about me . ' He said ` I 'm not afraid because I know where I 'm going if something happens to me . ' Aaron was a Christian and he stood firm in his faith , " she said , her voice heavy with emotion . "  He 's with the Lord now and I 'll see him again some day . " The family of Navy SEAL Tommy Ratzlaff confirmed to CNN that he was among those killed , but they were reluctant to say much about Ratzlaff or his job . Nephew Jeff Adams , who spoke via phone from Green Forest , Arkansas , Sunday said that Ratzlaff would want them to "  keep a low profile , " because as a Navy SEAL you 've "  got to stay secretive just to do his job . " "  He would have been grateful for all the support he 's getting , " Adams said . "  We 're proud of him . He had a lot of accomplishments . He did what he loved and died defending everyone he loved . " Sgt. Patrick Hamburger , a soldier in the U.S. Army , was also on the fatal flight , his family said . Hamburger knew he was about to embark on an important and secret mission when he spoke to his family for the last time a few days ago , his brother said . Hamburger , 30 , grew up in Lincoln , Nebraska , and joined the Nebraska National Guard soon after graduating from high school . A helicopter flight engineer , he arrived in Afghanistan only last week for his first tour of duty there , younger brother Chris Hamburger told CNN . He had told the family he would n't be in touch "  because they had stuff to do , " Chris Hamburger said . Hamburger 's longtime girlfriend , Candie Reagan , and family members "  got a pretty bad feeling about it " when they first saw news reports of a downed U.S. helicopter Saturday morning , his brother said . "  It was so close to where he was at and we all started talking back and forth , " Hamburger said . U.S. Army officers visited Reagan 's Grand Island , Nebraska , home Saturday afternoon to tell her Hamburger was killed . "  I was walking out of work and his girlfriend called on the phone in total hysteria and told me , and I told everybody else , " Hamburger said . "  They showed up at her door . " Patrick Hamburger has a 2-year-old daughter with Reagan , who he was planning to marry when he returned to Nebraska next May , his brother said . He was also helping raise Reagan 's 13-year-old daughter , Chris Hamburger said . CNN blog : Afghanistan Crossroads Hamburger sent an e-mail to Reagan the day before his death . She read the e-mail to CNN 's Don Lemon . "  Please do n't worry about me , " Hamburger wrote . The e-mail assured Reagan that he was "  doing everything in his power to be safe and to make it home in one piece . " "  Do n't worry , this place is n't going to change me , I 'm going to change this place , " his last e-mail said . "  Pat was always looking out for everyone around him , " Chris Hamburger said . " ... he was always taking care of us . He would get himself into bad situations to help us . He was selfless . He did n't worry about him  self  half as much as he worried about everybody else . You could have been a complete stranger " and he would have helped you . It was his selflessness that led him to Afghanistan , he said "  His group was getting deployed and he wanted to be with them , " he said . "  He said it was only right that he would be there , too . " Hamburger 's family is gathering in Lincoln waiting for the return of his body . His girlfriend 's brother , Sgt. David Mason , was also in Afghanistan and is escorting Hamburger home . CNN 's Laurie Ure , Brian Todd , Barbara Starr and David Ariosto contributed to this report .	NEW : Navy SEAL Aaron Vaughn leaves behind 2 children and his wife NEW : He loved his job , " Vaughn 's wife says NEW : Navy SEAL Tommy Ratzlaff "  died defending everyone he loved , " nephew says Sgt. Patrick Hamburger of Nebraska was "  selfless , " his brother says
CNN  -- Sri Lanka returned to the top of Group A with a convincing 112-run win over Cricket World Cup rivals New Zealand on Friday as veteran spin bowler Muttiah Muralitharan took center stage in Mumbai . Both teams had already qualified for the quarterfinals of the 50-over tournament , but the highest-placed sides should avoid Group B heavyweights such as India and South Africa . Sri Lanka 's fourth victory in six games left the co-hosts above Australia on run differential , meaning they will finish second , with New Zealand a point back in third place . The Australians , seeking a fourth successive title , complete their group campaign in Colombo on Saturday against fourth-placed Pakistan -- who have also qualified for the last eight and who could top the table with a win . New Zealand restricted Sri Lanka to 265-9 , with skipper Kumar Sangakkara top-scoring on 111 as he made his first World Cup century . Sangakkara put on 145 for the third wicket with Mahela Jayawardene , who was controversially given not out in the 24th over when bowler Nathan McCullum dived to pluck a return catch . Television replays showed that the Black Caps player had grasped the ball before it touched the grass , but umpire Asad Rauf told Jayawardene to stay at the crease after consulting with video official Amiesh Saheba . Jayawardene went on to make 66 off 90 balls before becoming the second of Tim Southee 's three victims , while McCullum struck twice as the last seven wickets fell for 101 runs . In reply , the Kiwis reached 83-2 before suffering an all-too-common batting collapse , losing five wickets for 27 runs and eventually slumping to 153 all out in the 35th over . Muralitharan , who turns 39 next month two weeks after the final , claimed figures of 4-25 off eight overs has he extended his world-record one-day total to 530 . He has now taken 64 wickets in World Cup matches , leaving him seven behind Australia 's record-holder Glenn McGrath in his last tournament before retiring from international cricket . Murali 's expected successor , Ajantha Mendis , took 2-24 as the four other Sri Lankan bowlers shared the wickets evenly . In Friday 's other match , Ireland beat the Netherlands by six wickets in Kolkata to clinch a second win in Group B . The Irish , who shocked England earlier in the tournament , reached 307-4 with 2.2 overs to spare in the third-highest run chase in World Cup history . Paul Stirling smashed 101 off just 72 balls faced , hitting 14 fours and two sixes in the fourth-fastest World Cup century . He put on 177 for the opening wicket with captain William Porterfield , who scored 68 , while Niall O'Brien was unbeaten on 57 . The Dutch had been hopeful of a first victory after posting 306 , including a bizarre four run-outs in the final over , with Ryan Ryan ten Doeschate 's 106 being his second century of the event . On Saturday , Bangladesh play Group B leaders South Africa -- who have already qualified for the quarterfinals -- in Dhaka in a match the fifth-placed co-hosts need to win to go through . The West Indies , above Bangladesh only on run differential , close out the schedule against India in Chennai on Sunday .	Sri Lanka will finish second in Group A following 112-run victory over New Zealand Co-hosts will be deposed at the top by either South Africa or Pakistan on Saturday All four teams have already qualified for the quarterfinals of the World Cup Ireland end tournament with two wins after beating fellow Group B minnows the Netherlands
Hero or agitator ? Exposer of wrongdoing or threat to the state ? Robert MacLean has been called many things as he fights the federal government over his firing , for what he says was retaliation after he exposed cracks in the nation 's air passenger security . But the Obama administration counters the former federal air marshal 's leaks to the media were specifically prohibited by law , and could have had catastrophic consequences . Now the U.S. Supreme Court for the first time will hear a case involving a federal whistleblower . At issue is whether a government employee who makes a disclosure "  specifically prohibited by law " -- in this case , security information -- is still immune from employer retaliation . A federal appeals court had earlier decided MacLean 's disclosures deserve whistleblower protection . The government then asked the justices to intervene . Oral arguments are set for next Tuesday morning . Tom Devine , a lawyer with the Government Accountability Project who is representing MacLean , said he is "  chomping at the bit " to argue that MacLean 's leak was in the national interest , saying it may have helped prevent terrorist attacks on the United States . The Transportation Security Administration and the Justice Department declined comment , as is custom in a pending legal case . MacLean , now a resident of Orange County , California who sells residential solar systems , hopes a Supreme Court ruling in his favor will eventually lead to his return to the ranks of the Federal Air Marshal Service , which places armed , plain-clothes officers on commercial airplanes . The case began in July of 2003 , when MacLean , then based in Las Vegas , tipped off an MSNBC reporter the TSA was suspending overnight missions just days after air marshals were briefed about a new "  potential plot " to hijack U.S. airliners . The agency planned the cutback -- which would have kept air marshals off most long-distance flights -- because it was then running out of money at the end of a fiscal year . MacLean also said he had privately voiced his concerns to his government supervisors . The news caused an immediate uproar on Capitol Hill , with Sen. Charles Schumer , and then-Sens . Hillary Rodham Clinton and John Kerry , among others , writing letters expressing concerns . The TSA retreated , killing the scheduling cuts before they went into effect . A year later , MacLean appeared on NBC News -- in disguise and identified only as "  Federal Air Marshal ` Mike ' " -- to criticize the agency 's dress policy , which , he said , made it easier for terrorists to identify the undercover air marshals . But someone from the TSA recognized MacLean 's voice -- the Justice Department said he used "  a disguise that proved to be inadequate " -- and the agency ordered an investigation into MacLean for an "  unauthorized media appearance . " During that investigation , he admitted leaking information to the media about the 2003 suspension of long-distance flights . The agency fired MacLean in April of 2006 , saying his leak was an unauthorized disclosure of "  Sensitive Security Information , " or SSI . Supporters say MacLean brought to public light a TSA action that violated federal law , which mandates that the agency give priority to flights that present high security risks , specifically mentioning "  nonstop , long distance flights . " They say the information he gave was factual and that it ultimately protected passengers by changing a flawed policy . MacLean argued the information he disclosed was not Sensitive Security Information , saying the TSA sent the information as a text message on his cell phone , instead of as an encrypted message on his password-protected pager . And it was not labeled SSI . The former Air Force veteran and Border Patrol agent said his firing was retaliation for his union activities . But the Merit System Protection Board -- an independent government agency with jurisdiction to review federal personnel actions -- said that even if the scheduling directive was not labeled SSI , deployment information was "  within the definition of SSI . " MacLean "  admittedly knew that he was not permitted to tell anyone about  air marshal  scheduling , yet he did so anyway , and it could have created a significant security risk , " the board said . The board also concluded there is "  no direct evidence " the agency retaliated or discriminated against MacLean for his union activities . But the Washington-based federal appeals court later reversed , holding MacLean had met the threshold of being eligible for whistleblower protection . If he wins at the high court , MacLean would have to go back to the board and further demonstrate that he reasonably believed that his disclosures "  evidenced a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety . " "  Frankly , that 's a hearing we would relish because there 's little question that his disclosures were worthy , " said Devine , MacLean 's attorney . "  Numerous members of Congress attacked  the travel cuts  as betraying the department 's  responsibilities  . The Department of Homeland Security said it was a mistake and canceled the orders less than 48 hours after his disclosure . They only corrected the mistake because of his disclosure . " The tricky legal issue is whether the revelations were "  specifically prohibited by law , " as the statute indicates . The Justice Department will tell the nine justices that these kinds of leaks are covered , since "  the phrase ` by law ' is presumed to include both statutes and substantive regulations that have the force and effect of law . " "  In the course of its efforts to secure the nation 's transportation network , the TSA necessarily develops and acquires a great deal of information , including information about security vulnerabilities , that has the potential to cause extreme harm if publicly disclosed , " government lawyers wrote to the court . "  The  lower court 's  decision in this case , however , effectively permits individual federal employees to override the TSA 's judgments about the dangers of public disclosure . " But MacLean , supported by a range of lawmakers and advocacy groups , strongly disagrees . Six bipartisan members of Congress -- including Sens. Charles Grassley , R-Iowa ; and Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , told the court they "  know that whistleblowers are more likely to come forward when they can do so without fear of reprisal . " A ruling for the government "  would open the door to agency over-reach in suppressing inconvenient information , as decades of experience confirms , " said the legislative group , which includes four congressmen . "  Just from reading the statute , it is far from clear whether the particular information MacLean disclosed is included " in the DHS rules . MacLean continues his personal crusade with an active website and unflinching mission . In testimony to Congress last month , the married father of three called it "  a whistleblowing experience I never wanted to have . But it forced me to make the most difficult choices and decisions of my life , about my duty to the country as a public servant and law enforcement officer . " The case is Department of Homeland Security v. MacLean  13-894  . A ruling is due by the spring of 2015 .	Robert MacLean was fired as a federal air marshal in 2006 The TSA says he leaked "  Sensitive Security Information " to the media MacLean says he revealed scheduled cutbacks in air marshals on long-distance flights The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments in the case
CNN  -- When you 're the head of one of the biggest broadcast networks in the world , the last thing you want to hear from your teenage daughter is that they do n't want a TV in their home . "  That was n't gon na fly . Not for one minute , " says Anne Sweeney , co-chair of Disney Media Networks and president of the Disney/ABC Television Group , after her daughter moved to college and snubbed the idea of taking the ubiquitous tube . "  I said to her : ` Rosemary , television has been very very good to you . You will have a television if I have to nail it to your wall . ' "  And it was one of those ` Mom , you do n't understand . I watch everything online now . ' " Anne Sweeney might be one of the most powerful people in television -- overseeing ABC TV , ABC Studios , and Disney Channels Worldwide . But when it comes to predicting trends , her two children have always been ahead of the pack . "  I 've always said , if you want to know what the future is , ask a nine-year-old because they 're just so adept , " said the 56-year-old , who Fortune named the 18th most powerful woman in business . "  What they taught me was to be less parochial , less conventional , to be more daring . They were so free to experiment with technology . I remember my son putting a piece of liquorice into the VCR and not understanding why he could n't see it on the television set . " The future of television "  Create what 's next , " has become Sweeney 's motto , and under her leadership she 's steered the company through a brave new world where watching television is no longer about families gathering around a hulking black box in the corner of the room . Indeed , in 2005 she got a call from Apple 's Steve Jobs -- "  I thought , ` that 's cool , I 've always wanted to talk to Steve Jobs ' " -- about a new piece of technology , the video iPod . "  As I held the video iPod in my hand I thought , ' I really like this . ' I was watching an episode of Lost -- the sound was pristine , the quality of the picture was excellent . "  No one knew that that would be the beginning of probably the biggest moment in our television group -- this move towards technology that would make our content available wherever you are , on whatever device you 're holding at that moment . " Under Sweeney , Disney/ABC Television Group became the first media company to put television content on new platforms -- eventually selling videos on iTunes . It 's something we now take for granted as we watch our favorite programs in the palm of our hands . In 2006 , it also became the first network to stream full episodes online , winning an Emmy for technical innovation . Day in the life Not bad for someone critics initially said did n't have enough experience for the top job at Disney/ABC . Funnily enough , Sweeney agrees . "  I knew they were right , " she said , joining the company in 1996 after working 12 years at Nickelodeon 's Nick at Nite in various executive positions , and later as chairman and CEO of FX Networks , Inc. for three years . "  I did n't have the experience . But I really did n't care what people said because I was so excited to lead ABC , " she says , adding : "  My strategy was to go in and learn . " Today , Sweeney heads almost 10,000 employees , overseeing 107 channels in 166 countries . This is a woman who rises at 4.30 am every morning , receiving anywhere between 300 and 500 emails each day -- "  I read through them quickly , and I delegate well , ' she says . Mom 's the word Growing up in New York , Sweeney 's mother was a teacher , her father a school principal , and she describes her mom as both her first mentor and a "  powerhouse . " Her dream job as a child was to be a ballerina and later an actress . Sweeney received a masters in education from Harvard University , before landing a job at Nickelodeon in the early 1980s , and in 1993 moved to FX Networks , Inc. . "  Going to FOX and working for Rupert Murdoch was like being handed a saddle and given a horse and just told to ride , go fast , " she says . "  There was tremendous creative freedom . " Family first Her "  favorite job , " however is being a mom to Rosemary and son Christopher -- who is autistic . It 's a job she says she could n't do without the help of her husband and "  absolutely magnificent " father of her children , Philip Miller , who lives with her in Burbank , California . When it comes to caring for Christopher , she says : "  Do n't be the martyr , do n't be the hero parent , talk openly about it . Because I found that the more I talked about it , the more people came up to me and would whisper : ` My child is autistic . ' And I realized that some people felt that there was a stigma and I thought : ` Oh , I do n't feel a stigma . ' " So does Anne Sweeney "  have it all ? " "  Is it hard to work and have kids ? Absolutely , " she says . "  And look at how many tens of millions of mothers do this in this country every single day . You know to me , ` having it all ' is having your love . It 's that simple . "	Meet Anne Sweeney , one of the most powerful people in American television Co-chair of Disney Media Networks and president of Disney/ABC TV Group Steered company through new digital age , including downloading from iTunes
Turkish-Syrian border  CNN  -- In the besieged Syrian city of Kobani , precious medicine rains from the sky . Antibiotics , anesthetics , sanitary supplies and bandages -- all desperately needed to treat local fighters and civilians wounded during the siege of this crucial town near the Turkish border . U.S. airplanes are dropping medical supplies and weapons into this Kurdish city as defenders try to beat back the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . Not long ago , Kobani 's fall to ISIS seemed certain . But foreign airstrikes and airdropped supplies could help turn the tide . "  We thank the people who brought these medical supplies , " said Dr. Walat Omar , who has been braving enemy artillery for weeks to treat the wounded at a makeshift clinic . In exclusive video obtained by CNN from inside Kobani , Omar showed boxes of medicine in his clinic received from the airdrops . Even though local defenders control some 70 % of the city , Kobani is cut off , and ISIS forces have been shelling it with mortars from the east and south , local government official Anwar Muslim said this week . More than 100,000 refugees have fled to Turkey amid weeks of intense fighting by Kurdish forces for full control of Kobani , a border town that 's one of the last in the region to resist falling to ISIS . Opinion : ISIS reveals its strategy In the wrong hands ? But some of the supplies may have landed in the hands of ISIS . One of the 28 bundles dropped in and around Kobani on Monday drifted away from its target zone , a U.S. official said . The U.S. military said it went back and blasted it . But a video posted on social media shows what appears to be an ISIS fighter next to a parachute bundle . He goes on to show what appears to be the contents of the bundle , including crates of hand grenades and mortar rounds . CNN can not independently confirm whether the items in the video are from a U.S. airdrop . Officials : Denver girls played hooky from school , tried to join ISIS Fighting in Kobani continued Wednesday , with six Kurdish defenders killed and the bodies of 10 ISIS fighters recovered , a Kurdish fighter there said . Mortars fired from the city 's east -- presumably by ISIS -- hit the city center , the fighter said . Battles in Iraq continue As Kurdish fighters keep battling ISIS in Syria , the militant group continues its offensive in Iraq . The Iraqi military and tribal forces tried to repel an attack on Amriyat al Falluja on Wednesday , said Anbar province Deputy Gov. Faleh al-Essawi . Amriyat al Falluja is about 30 kilometers  19 miles  south of Falluja . At least six suicide bombings and more than 70 mortar attacks targeting government forces were counted Wednesday , al-Essawi said . He said there are casualties on both sides , but the numbers were not immediately known . Ivan Watson reported from the Turkish-Syrian border ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Kareem Khadder and Brian Walker and journalist Odai Sadik contributed to this report .	A doctor in Kobani expresses gratitude for airdropped medical supplies A U.S. official says that of 28 bundles dropped , one went outside a target zone A video shows what appears to be an ISIS fighter next to a bundle CNN can not independently confirm whether that bundle is from a U.S. airdrop
CNN  -- Sometimes , it pays to read between the lines . At least that may be the message -- and , more accurately , the hope -- of workers at the National Weather Service office in Anchorage , Alaska . The message can be found in an official forecast put out at 5 a.m.  9 a.m. ET  that seems , at first glance , routine with its discussion of air pressure , wind speeds and weather systems . But if you line up the first letters of each word from top-to-bottom in the forecast , under the heading "  Analysis and Upper levels , " there 's something else there : P-L-E-A-S-E-P-A-Y-U-S . That breaks down into three simple words : Please pay us . Meteorologists at the service 's Anchorage office declined Friday afternoon to comment on the possibly cryptic wording , saying they can only speak about weather-related matters . It was not immediately clear who exactly put out the forecast or whether a message was intentionally tucked into it . Still , it 's no secret that National Weather Service employees -- like other federal government employees -- are n't getting paid as long as the government is shut down . That began Tuesday and there has been no indication that it will end anytime soon , with Democrats and Republicans holding firm on their positions that the other is to blame and that they wo n't budge . Up to 800,000 federal workers are at risk of furlough , meaning they wo n't report to work until the sides agree on a spending plan that President Barack Obama signs into law . Other federal employees are still working , because what they do is considered essential by the government . That includes many at the National Weather Service . Whenever the shutdown ends , these government workers should get back-pay . But there 's no telling when that will happen , meaning they could work for days , weeks or months before they take home a paycheck . CNN 's Kevin Wang contributed to this report .	A National Weather Service 's Anchorage office forecast may have a subliminal message The first letters of one section line up to spell out "  please pay us " Meteorologists decline to comment on the message Weather Service employees are working but not getting paid due to government shutdown
U.S. agents disrupted an Iranian assassination-for-hire scheme targeting Saudi Arabia 's ambassador to the United States , U.S. officials said Tuesday . Elements of the Iranian government directed the alleged plan , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said . A naturalized U.S. citizen holding Iranian and U.S. passports and a member of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard face conspiracy charges connected with the plot . "  In addition to holding these individual conspirators accountable for their alleged role in this plot , the United States is committed to holding Iran accountable for its actions , " Holder said . A spokesman for Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad described the accusations as a "  fabrication " by U.S. authorities attempting to distract American citizens . "  They want to take the public 's mind off the serious domestic problems they 're facing these days and scare them with fabricated problems outside the country , " spokesman Ali Akbar Javanfekr said . The Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia in Washington thanked U.S. authorities for stepping in . "  The attempted plot is a despicable violation of international norms , standards and conventions and is not in accord with the principles of humanity , " the embassy said in a written statement . The Saudi ambassador was not the only intended target , U.S. officials said . The suspects also discussed attacking Israeli and Saudi embassies in Washington and possibly Buenos Aires , Argentina , a senior U.S. official said . It is unclear why the Saudi ambassador was targeted , the official said , or how widespread knowledge or approval of the plot was within Ahmadinejad 's government . U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , later said he was confident the plan was sanctioned by top Iranian officials . "  The quickness of the decisions that were made in order for certain elements of this to fall into place tells us that it is clearly tied to the highest levels of the Iranian government , " he said . Manssor Arbabsiar , a 56-year-old naturalized U.S. citizen , and Gholam Shakuri , an Iran-based member of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , are accused of conspiracy to murder a foreign official , conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction and conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism , the FBI said . Arbabsiar was arrested in September . Shakuri remains at large , the bureau said . The two were in a group that began planning this spring to kill Saudi Ambassador Adel Al-Jubeir , it said . Authorities developed the case against them with the help of an undercover informant posing as an associate of a Mexican drug cartel , according to officials and an FBI agent 's affidavit released Tuesday . Read the federal complaint  PDF Arbabsiar and the undercover informant allegedly discussed using explosives to kill the ambassador and possibly attacking a crowded restaurant , according to the affidavit . The informant named $ 1.5 million as his price , it said . Arbabsiar allegedly sent $ 100,000 intended as a down payment , telling the informant his "  cousin " had deep pockets , court documents said . "  This is politics , OK ? ... It 's not like , eh , personal , " Arbabsiar told the informant in a secretly recorded meeting in Mexico on July 17 , the affidavit alleges . According to the affidavit , Arbabsiar said his cousin had "  the government behind him . ... He 's not paying from his pocket . " The alleged scheme involved the Quds Force , a branch of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard that is suspected of being involved in a number of foreign operations , court documents and U.S. officials said . The Quds Force connection U.S. officials accuse the Quds Force of sponsoring attacks against U.S. and coalition forces in Iraq , the affidavit released Tuesday said . In October 2007 , the Treasury Department designated it as "  providing material to the Taliban and other terrorist organizations . " Mohammad Khazaee , Iran 's permanent representative to the United Nations , said Tuesday night that he was "  shocked to hear such a big lie , " claiming the chain of events outlined by U.S. authorities was an "  insult to the common sense " of people everywhere . In a letter to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Tuesday night , Khazaee decried the United States ' "  warmongering and propaganda machine against Iran , " which he said threatened stability and peace in the Persian Gulf . "  The Islamic Republic of Iran strongly and categorically rejects these fabricated and baseless allegations , based on the suspicious claims by an individual , " he wrote . The alleged plot read "  like the pages of a Hollywood script , " but the implications were real , FBI Director Robert Mueller said . "  This case illustrates that we live in a world where borders and boundaries are increasingly irrelevant -- a world where individuals from one country sought to conspire with a drug-trafficking cartel in another country to assassinate a foreign official on United States soil , " he said . Cooperation with the Mexican government played a key role in the investigation , U.S. officials said . U.S. authorities arranged with Mexican officials for Arbabsiar to be denied entry into Mexico , a senior counterterrorism official said . From there , he was placed on an airplane to New York , where U.S. agents interrogated him for 12 days , obtained a confession and compiled dozens of intelligence reports , the official said . Investigators have directly linked the plot to Iran 's elite Quds Force but have not directly linked it with President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , the senior counterterrorism official said . But even as authorities worked to determine how widespread the Iranian government 's involvement was , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Tuesday that additional actions to further isolate the Iranian regime would be considered . Senior Obama administration officials emphasized that the United States would pursue non-military responses . A U.S. official said Tuesday that the United States will be taking up the issue with the U.N. Security Council and other members of the international community , the official said . How should the U.S. respond ? Shortly after U.S. authorities released details of the accusations Tuesday , the U.S. Treasury Department announced sanctions targeting Arbabsiar , Shakuri and three others tied to the alleged plot . Often considered regional rivals , the oil-rich Saudi kingdom has long been at odds with Iran . Iran and Saudi Arabia 's rocky relations The country 's Sunni leaders have at times discussed directly intervening in Iraq following the U.S. military withdrawal , according to a Council on Foreign Relations report . Iran has largely supported Shiite militias in Iraq . A spokesman for Iran 's foreign ministry said Tuesday 's U.S. allegations were baseless , noting that Iran 's relations with Saudi Arabia are "  based on mutual respect , " the semi-official Mehr news agency reported . "  Making such false allegations will not get anywhere and will not influence public opinion , " said spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast , according to Mehr . But Saudi security forces are now concerned that Iran may try to stir unrest during the upcoming hajj pilgrimage season in Saudi Arabia , said a senior Saudi adviser not authorized to speak to the media . "  We are on our toes . We expect the worst and we think Iranians are capable of using any person from any country to stir trouble during hajj season , " the Saudi adviser said .	Iranian U.N. envoy : Iran "  categorically rejects these fabricated and baseless allegations " Counterterrorism official : U.S. agents questioned the suspect for 12 days Holder says the alleged plan was directed by elements of the Iranian government Saudi Embassy : "  The attempted plot is a despicable violation of international norms "
Beijing  CNN  -- China 's Foreign Ministry weighed in on the widespread anxiety over Iran 's nuclear program on Friday , urging Iran to be flexible with the U.N. nuclear agency but staunchly deploring force amid talk of strikes against the country . Hong Lei , the ministry spokesman , made the comments , state-run news agency Xinhua said on Friday . They come ahead of a report on Iran 's nuclear program expected to be released next week by the International Atomic Energy Agency . "  As a member of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , Iran should fulfill the relevant international obligations , " Hong told reporters . The report is expected to focus specifically on research and development that Tehran may have carried out that would help it build a nuclear warhead . Iran said it is developing nuclear power for peaceful purposes but Western powers have long asserted that Iran aspires to build nuclear weapons . In recent days , there has been widespread talk in the Israeli media about the possibility of military strikes on Iran . The daily newspaper Haaretz reported that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was lobbying members of his Cabinet to back a military strike against Iran . On that same day , the Israeli military tested a new rocket propulsion system . Britain 's Guardian daily newspaper said that country 's armed forces "  are stepping up their contingency planning for potential military action against Iran amid mounting concern about Tehran 's nuclear enrichment programme . " It reported that the Defence Ministry thinks the United States "  may decide to fast-forward plans for targeted missile strikes at some key Iranian facilities . British officials say that if Washington presses ahead it will seek , and receive , UK military help for any mission , despite some deep reservations within the coalition government . " China 's stance is an important element in the diplomatic focus on the nuclear issue because of China 's permanent U.N. Security Council membership . Even though China has supported some sanctions on Iran over the years , Beijing and Russia have not been as hard-line toward the Islamic republic as the other members of the Security Council -- the United States , Britain and France . Hong said disagreements with Iran should be resolved through "  dialogue and cooperation , " Xinhua reported . "  The IAEA should positively clarify relevant problems by cooperating with Iran in an impartial and objective manner " and "  Iran should be flexible and sincere when cooperating with the IAEA , " Xinhua reported , citing Hong . China warns against the use of force but will promote "  dialogue and cooperation and play a constructive role " in dealing with the Iranian nuclear issue . "  It is extremely important to avoid new turmoil in the Middle East " and "  a peaceful settlement is the common benefit for both the Middle East and international society , " Hong said , according to Xinhua .	Talk of force against Iran surfaces in the media China backs "  dialogue and cooperation " China is a permanent U.N. Security Council member
Washington  CNN  -- Activists in the Tea Party movement tend to be male , rural , upscale , and overwhelmingly conservative , according to a new national poll . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday also indicates that Tea Party activists would vote overwhelmingly Republican in a two-party race for Congress . The party 's GOP leanings , the poll suggests , may pose a problem for the Tea Party movement if it tries to turn itself into a third party to compete with the two major parties in this year 's general election . "  If the Tea Party runs its own candidates for U.S. House , virtually every vote the Tea Party candidate gets would be siphoned from the GOP candidate , potentially allowing the Democrats to win in districts that they might have otherwise lost , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  While the concept of an independent third party is extremely popular , most Americans , including most Tea Party supporters , do n't favor a third party that would result in a winner who disagrees with them on most major issues . " According to the survey , roughly 11 percent of all Americans say they have actively supported the Tea Party movement , either by donating money , attending a rally , or taking some other active step to support the movement . Of this core group of Tea Party activists , 6 of 10 are male and half live in rural areas . Nearly three-quarters of Tea Party activists attended college , compared to 54 percent of all Americans , and more than 3 in 4 call themselves conservatives . "  Keep in mind that this is a pretty small sample of Tea Party activists , " Holland said . "  But even taking that into account , the demographic gaps that the poll finds between those activists and the general public on gender , education , income , ideology , and voting behavior appear to be significant differences . " The poll indicates that about 24 percent of the public generally favors the Tea Party movement but has not taken any actions such as donating money or attending a rally . Adding in the 11 percent who say they are active , a total of 35 percent could be described as Tea Party supporters . That larger group is also predominantly male , higher-income , and conservative . Some 45 percent of all Americans say they do n't know enough about the Tea Party to have a view of the movement ; 1 in 5 say they oppose the Tea Party . According to the survey , most Tea Party activists describe themselves as Independents . "  But that 's slightly misleading , because 87 percent say they would vote for the GOP candidate in their congressional district if there were no third-party candidate endorsed by the Tea Party , " Holland said . So what would happen if the Tea Party supported independent candidates for Congress ? The poll indicates that in a two-way race on the so-called "  generic ballot " question , GOP candidates have a 47 percent to 45 percent edge . Throw a Tea Party candidate into the mix , and that two-point advantage becomes a 12-point deficit . That 's because virtually everyone who would vote for a Tea Party candidate in a three-way contest would choose a Republican in a two-way race . The Democratic candidate gets 45 percent in both scenarios , but the GOP candidate 's share of the vote drops from 47 percent in a two-way contest to just 33 percent with a Tea Party candidate on the ballot . "  Historically , that 's the problem many political movements have faced if they try to become a full-fledged party . They often wind up ensuring the victory of the candidate they dislike the most , " Holland added . See Complete CNN/Opinion Research Poll  PDF Sixty-four percent of all Americans say they like the idea of a third party that would run against the Democrats and Republicans . But only 38 percent would support a third party if its presence on the ballot would mean that the winning candidate is one that disagrees with them on most major issues . According to the poll , Tea Party activists feel the same way : Only 4 in 10 favor a third party that would result in the election of candidates they do n't like . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted by telephone February 12-15 , with 1,023 adult Americans , including 124 respondents who said they had taken active steps to support the Tea Party , such as donating money or attending a rally self . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points and plus or minus 9 percentage points for Tea Party activists only . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Tea Party activists tend to be male , rural , upscale , overwhelmingly conservative Poll : Tea Party activists would vote overwhelmingly GOP in a two-party race for Congress Polling analyst : Third parties ' problem is they siphon votes from closest allies Tea Party activists ' views on third parties mirror national trend , poll shows
CNN  For the first time since two people died in the terrifying sinking of the Bounty in Hurricane Sandy , federal officials Monday pointed fingers at what likely caused the disaster . Bounty Capt. Robin Walbridge 's "  reckless decision to sail ... into the well-forecast path of Hurricane Sandy " was the probable cause of the tall ship 's October 2012 sinking off the coast of North Carolina , the National Transportation Safety Board said in a report released Monday . The ship , carrying 16 crew members , flipped sideways in heavy seas and high winds , spilling everyone into the Atlantic . Walbridge , 63 , was never found and is presumed dead ; deckhand Claudene Christian -- a 42-year-old rookie -- died after Coast Guard rescuers were unable to revive her . The NTSB report -- and a similar investigation report expected to be released by the Coast Guard -- could lead to changes in rules governing how attraction vessels like the Bounty are inspected for safety . Before the ship left port in New London , Connecticut , for St. Petersburg , Florida , the captain indicated he knew the hurricane was moving up the Eastern Seaboard , according to crew testimony at Coast Guard hearings in 2013 . Heading into the storm 's path "  subjected the aging vessel and the inexperienced crew to conditions from which the vessel could not recover , " Monday 's NTSB report said . Ten of Bounty 's crew members had been aboard for less than a year -- including two who had joined less than a month before the sinking . "  The Bounty 's crew was put into an extraordinarily hazardous situation through decisions that by any measure did n't prioritize safety , " NTSB Chairman Deborah Hersman said in a statement . The report said it 's "  possible that the captain may have focused too narrowly on the position of the storm 's eye instead of on Sandy 's total expanse . " The storm was huge , spanning more than 1,000 miles in diameter . The "  area into which the Bounty was heading was already under tropical storm warnings , with conditions forecasted to worsen , " the report said . "  Still the captain seemed to believe that he could outrace the storm . " By the time the captain and crew realized the ship was sinking , the Bounty was tossing in 30-foot seas and being battered by 103 mph winds about 100 miles off Cape Hatteras . During the Coast Guard hearings 14 surviving crew members testified . Not one leveled any blame for the disaster at their shipmates or at Walbridge . On Monday , Bounty survivor Jessica Hewitt told CNN on the phone that some of the report 's nuances rubbed her the wrong way . She said the report mistakenly paints the captain as disregarding the crew 's well being . "  Robin thought a lot about safety , " said Hewitt , who almost drowned during the first few minutes after the ship flipped on its side . "  But I agree that he also during his career had been walking this line of going out in big storms and making it . " They made it through the storms , despite Bounty 's less-than-perfect condition , Hewitt said , because Walbridge "  was good -- and the crew was good . That boat lasted so long because he was so good . " When Bounty crew member Joshua Scornavacchi spoke with CNN Tuesday about the NTSB report , he questioned the command decisions made during the ship 's the final hours . Scornavacchi said that as soon as Walbridge "  figured out that the pumps were n't working right -- and that we would n't be able to get them started again -- we probably should have abandoned ship . " That was about four or five hours before the ship turned on its side , he said . Related : A year after the sinking brings messages in a bottle The Bounty was arguably the world 's most famous traditionally rigged replica ship . The three-masted square rigger appeared in several Hollywood films , including the "  Pirates of the Caribbean " franchise . Related : Life & Death on the Bounty At Coast Guard hearings , crew members testified that the Bounty suffered from a reputation in the tall-ship community for shoddy maintenance and spotty training . "  Contributing to the sinking was the lack of effective safety oversight by the vessel organization , " Monday 's report said . The report stated that , although the Bounty took on water even in good conditions and wood rot had been discovered , the captain gave no order to ensure all onboard pumps were fully operational before departing . This , despite his knowledge that the ship was sure to encounter rough seas as it sailed closer to Sandy , according to the report . "  The vessel could have handled the storm , if everything on the ship had worked right , " Scornavacchi said . "  The boat 's pumps did n't work right . They stopped working . " It 's a "  possibility " that the ship 's owners and Walbridge bear some responsibility , he said . "  They 're probably the ones who were supposed to keep after that . " Robert Hansen , a representative of the ship owner HMS Bounty Organization , LLC , e-mailed CNN : "  I am unable to comment on the report  which we have not seen  or the pending litigation . " Scornavacchi said he hoped the tragedy would bring to light the extreme difficulty he and his fellow survivors had trying to climb inside the Bounty 's life rafts after the ship sank . "  I do n't know who makes those rafts , but they should redesign them , " he said . He also said immersion survival suits should be designed with cuffs around the neck openings to prevent them from filling with water . "  If it fills with water , it 's impossible to pull yourself out of the ocean , " Scornavacchi said . For decades before the sinking , the Bounty sailed as an attraction vessel -- moving from port to port and charging tourists admission to board it while it was docked . To charge admission for shipboard tours at dockside , the Bounty required only a simple , brief Coast Guard inspection that checked for obvious safety issues such as major leaks or malfunctioning emergency equipment . The Bounty passed one of these about two months before the disaster . Christian 's family has filed a civil lawsuit against the ship 's owner . The case is currently in settlement talks . Christian 's parents are "  not doing well at all , " the family 's attorney Ralph Mellusi told CNN . "  We now have one report -- and when the next one comes down , that will help put some closure on this for them . "	Bounty survivor : Captain should have ordered crew to abandon ship 4 hours sooner First report by federal investigators blames HMS Bounty sinking on captain and ship owners Captain went missing after shipwreck ; deckhand Claudene Christian died in the disaster Lawyer for victim 's family says her parents are "  not doing well at all "
CNN  -- A video of a British man and his Saudi wife being assaulted by members of Saudi Arabia 's religious police has gone viral across the Arab world . The video , which shows a man in a headscarf leaping off a car to attack another man in a parking lot , was filmed after the couple reportedly used a women-only cashier line at a supermarket in Riyadh . In a statement published on the website of a well-known Saudi writer and blogger , the British man said that while he and his wife were shopping , they noticed three young men who looked "  religious " following them . As they were going through the cashier line reserved for women and families , he said the men "  started pushing and shoving " and verbally abusing them . The men followed the couple out to the parking lot , where a crowd of people gathered as the argument continued . The British national said the three men "  attacked " him after he took a photo of them on his phone , according to the online statement attributed to him . "  While I was on the ground all three of them proceeded to kick me repeatedly in the head and back , " he said in the statement . He said that his wife got out of the car to defend him and was kicked in the stomach after hitting one of the men . In the short mobile phone video , the British man can be heard screaming , "  Get off of my wife ! That 's my wife , how dare you ! " He said they called the British Embassy and locked themselves in their car until "  embassy security arrived " and they were escorted home . The man has been named by Saudi newspapers , but the British Embassy in Riyadh would not confirm his identity . He did not sign his name to the online statement but Ahmed Al Omran , the blog 's owner , wrote : "  I know the man and I have met him a couple of times before . He is British , married to a Saudi woman and they have been living in Riyadh for years . " The office of the head of the religious police , officially known as the Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice  CPVP  , concluded that the video was authentic and condemned the attack on the couple as "  unacceptable " in a statement Tuesday . The CPVP 's investigation found that the men acted beyond their remit in approaching the couple inside a private shopping center , and that they lied in their accounts of events , according to the statement . Four members of the religious police have been transferred to administrative jobs outside Riyadh . A British Embassy spokesman said they were providing consular assistance to the British national and "  welcome the undertaking taken by the head of the -LSB- CVPV -RSB- Sheikh Abdullatif Al ash-Sheikh to investigate the incident fully . " The incident has been heavily covered in Saudi and Arab press and generated much discussion online . The YouTube video has been viewed more than 400,000 times . In an apparent reference to the incident , one member of Saudi Arabia 's Consultative Assembly , or Shura Council , addressed the "  lack of discipline " among religious police field workers and their "  flawed judgment " in a session on Monday , according to the body 's official website .	Video shows Saudi Arabia 's religious police attacking British man and his Saudi wife The couple reportedly used a women-only cashier line at a supermarket in Riyadh Office of head of religious police  CPVP  says video is authentic , condemns attack as "  unacceptable " CPVP says four of its members have been transferred to administrative jobs outside Riyadh
CNN  -- This week , Washington state opened recreational marijuana stores for the first time . And these stores do n't just carry your father 's kind of weed . In addition to highly potent cigarettes -- which are much stronger than those some people might remember from Woodstock -- stores will also soon sell super-strength , pot-infused cookies , candies , sodas , vapor and wax concentrates . Time will tell what the effects will be , but the state is not the first place to implement such a policy . Colorado started to sell marijuana six months ago . When President Barack Obama stopped by a Denver bar on Tuesday night , it comes as no surprise that someone offered him weed . Colorado 's experience with pot legalization can hardly be called a success . In fact , it should be considered a warning for the residents of Washington . Special-interest "  Big Tobacco " - like groups and businesses have ensured that marijuana is widely promoted , advertised and commercialized in Colorado . As a result , calls to poison centers have skyrocketed , incidents involving kids going to school with marijuana candy and vaporizers seem more common , and explosions involving butane hash oil extraction have risen . Employers are reporting more workplace incidents involving marijuana use , and deaths have been attributed to ingesting marijuana cookies and food items . So much for the old notion that "  pot does n't kill . " Marijuana companies , like their predecessors in the tobacco industry , are determined to keep lining their pockets . Indeed , legalization has come down to one thing : money . And it 's not money for the government -- Colorado has only raised a third of the amount of tax revenue they have projected -- it 's money for this new industry and its shareholders . Open Colorado newspapers and magazines on any given day and you will find pages of marijuana advertisements , coupons and cartoons promoting greater and greater highs . The marijuana industry is making attractive a wide selection of marijuana-related products such as candies , sodas , ice cream and cartoon-themed paraphernalia and vaporizers , which are undoubtedly appealing to children and teens . As Al Bronstein , medical director of the Rocky Mountain Poison and Drug Center recently said , "  We 're seeing hallucinations , they become sick to their stomachs , they throw up , they become dizzy and very anxious . " Bronstein reported that in 2013 , there were 126 calls concerning adverse reactions to marijuana . From January to April this year , the center receive 65 calls . And , since Colorado expanded marijuana stores for medical users , peer-reviewed research has found a major upsurge in stoned driving-related deaths  that is not surprising since marijuana intoxication doubles the risk of a car crash  . It is little wonder that every major public health association , including the American Medical Association , the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry and the American Society of Addiction Medicine oppose the legalization of marijuana . The scientific verdict is that marijuana can be addictive and dangerous . Despite denials by special interest groups and marijuana businesses , the drug 's addictiveness is not debatable : 1 in 6 kids who ever try marijuana will become addicted to the drug , according to the National Institutes of Health . Many baby boomers have a hard time understanding this simply because today 's marijuana can be so much stronger than the marijuana of the past . In fact , more than 450,000 incidents of emergency room admissions related to marijuana occur every year , and heavy marijuana use in adolescence is connected to an 8-point reduction of IQ later in life , irrespective of alcohol use . As if our national mental illness crisis needed more fuel , marijuana users also have a six times higher risk of schizophrenia and are significantly more likely to development other psychotic illnesses . It is no wonder that health groups such as the National Alliance of Mental Illness are increasingly concerned about marijuana use and legalization . That does not mean we need to arrest our way out of a marijuana problem . We should reform criminal justice practices and emphasize prevention , early intervention and treatment when necessary . But we do not need to legalize -- and thus commercialize and advertise -- marijuana to implement these reforms . The only people better off under legalization are the big companies that stand to profit from sales of marijuana . And we can be sure they will get even richer while public health and safety suffers . New York legalizes medical marijuana ' I like weed , and I 'm a good person ' : Pot smokers fight stereotypes	Sales of recreational marijuana began in Washington state this week Kevin Sabet : Colorado 's experience with pot legalization can hardly be called a success He says marijuana companies will profit from sales while kids will be harmed Sabet : Marijuana users have higher risks of schizophrenia and other psychotic illnesses
CNN  -- Nearly 600 soldiers have been disqualified from being Army sexual assault counselors , recruiters and drill sergeants for a variety of infractions that mean they can not serve in those positions of "  trust , " according to an Army official . The 588 disqualifications come as the result of an internal review , conducted by the Army at the behest of Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , that began last August . The disqualifications were first reported by USA Today , which found that the troops involved were barred as a result of "  infractions ranging from sexual assault to child abuse to drunken driving . " This development came the same day a Senate Armed Services subcommittee held a hearing on the impact of sexual assaults in the military . During that hearing , victims of sexual assault testified to the backlash they faced from fellow service members and commanders after coming forward and the difficulties they had in securing mental health counseling . "  Even years later , " said retired Marine Lance Cpl. Jeremiah Arbogast , "  the constant stigmatization , personal attacks , ostracism and PTSD was never ending . Choosing death was my way of taking responsibility for my circumstances . " Arbogast survived a suicide attempt that left him paralyzed in his lower body . His attacker was discharged from the Marine Corps but did not receive any jail time . Subcommittee Chairwoman Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand is leading an effort to reform the way sexual assaults are addressed in the military and has proposed removing prosecutorial decision making out of the chain of command . "  If you listen to the survivors of sexual trauma and sexual assaults , " Gillibrand told CNN 's Jake Tapper in an interview Wednesday , "  they will tell you what needs to be done is the decision making has to be taken out of the chain of command in order to create transparency and accountability and have that decision maker be objective . " That proposal has met with resistance , notably from Gillibrand 's fellow Democratic senator , Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , who introduced a competing set of reforms . Instances of unwanted sexual contact and sexual assault increased by 36 % in 2012 , according to a report by the military 's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office . In that same time period , the number of incidents reported to commanders decreased to just 9.8 % During Wednesday 's hearing , Gillibrand , D-New York , contradicted a senior SAPRO adviser , Dr. Nathan Galbreath , who said the military has made progress encouraging greater reporting since that time . "  Please do not say we 're succeeding , " Gillibrand fired at Galbreath . "  If eight out of 10 victims stay mum because they do n't believe justice is possible or they fear retaliation , we are failing eight out of 10 severely . "	588 soldiers can not be trusted in positions such as recruiters , review finds Soldiers ' misconduct included abuse , drunken driving , Hagel-requested review says The Senate also held a hearing on sexual assault in the military Debate on removing sexual assault prosecution decisions from military continues
CNN  -- The arraignment of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others charged as terrorists in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , over the weekend was widely described by the media as a "  circus . " While the antics of these al Qaeda terrorists were certainly colorful , I would like to take a moment to focus on the performance of an entirely different group , the journalists who covered the proceedings . While most reporters have been careful to write that those who were arraigned are "  alleged " to have committed terrorism  an allegation Mohammed has previously gleefully accepted  , they are less careful when discussing the treatment these top terrorists received at the hands of the CIA . Mohammed , four others charged in 9/11 attacks As I detail in my new book : "  Hard Measures , How Aggressive CIA Actions After 9/11 Saved American Lives , " there are many myths surrounding the detention of a relatively small number of top terrorists at CIA-run "  black sites " from 2002 until they were sent to Guantanamo Bay in 2006 . The biggest myth is that the detainees were "  tortured . " Some of the stories coming out of Gitmo this past weekend simply state that as a fact . There is no "  allegedly " attached to the allegation in these stories . About 30 out of the 100 or so detainees that the CIA held were subjected to some harsh treatment . But the Office of Legal Counsel in the Department of Justice assured us in writing that the treatment was specifically not torture . Many of the techniques were essentially bluffs -- designed to get the attention of a detainee and perhaps scare him -- but to cause no physical harm . Some of the stories this weekend talked of "  years " of abusive treatment these detainees endured . In fact , the enhanced interrogation techniques  EITs  that CIA used were applied at most for only 30 days . On average , it was much less . Abu Zubaydah , the first detainee subjected to EITs , received them for less than three weeks . Mohammed 's period of harsh -- but legal and necessary -- treatment was even less . The public impression , aided and abetted by the media , is that the practice of waterboarding was rampant . In fact , only three detainees : Mohammed , Zubaydah and one other were ever waterboarded , the last one more than nine years ago . Many of the stories this weekend repeated the assertion that Mohammed was waterboarded 183 times . But 183 is a count of the number of pours of water from a plastic water bottle . Mohammed told the International Committee of the Red Cross in 2007 that he had been waterboarded five times . If his story has now changed , it is only to match the media narrative . Some will say it does n't matter how many times Mohammed was waterboarded -- the practice is brutal and must never be used . What goes unacknowledged is that in addition to the three terrorists , the United States has waterboarded tens of thousands of U.S. military personnel . If the practice is torture for the al Qaeda operative who masterminded the killing of three thousand Americans , why were n't there court-martials in the cases of those thousands of servicemen similarly treated as part of their training ? There is no doubt that the detainees will try to use the legal proceedings as a soapbox to spout their contempt for America -- a contempt already indelibly displayed by such acts as ordering passenger jets to fly into iconic buildings or , in the case of Mohammed , personally beheading Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl . In my book , I detail the critical information we obtained from al Qaeda terrorists after they became compliant following a short period of enhanced interrogation . I have no doubt that that interrogation was legal , necessary and saved lives . It is good that these terrorists are now facing justice , but in the reporting of the case , it would be helpful if the media did n't help them with their propaganda mission by unquestioningly repeating false information about their detention . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jose A. Rodriguez Jr. .	Former CIA official Jose Rodriguez : It 's a myth that detainees were tortured He says the methods used were legal and saved lives Rodriguez : Media exaggerated the degree to which harsh techniques were used
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy is enjoying the best year of his fledgling golf career , but the U.S. Open champion is already making plans to spread his wings further . The 22-year-old announced on Friday that he is leaving the manager who helped turn him into potentially the next Tiger Woods , as he seeks to push himself to a new level . The world No. 3 is departing Andrew "  Chubby " Chandler 's International Sports Management , which looks after second-ranked Lee Westwood , Masters winner Charl Schwartzel and British Open champion Darren Clarke . He will link up with fellow Northern Irishman Graeme McDowell , the 2010 U.S. Open champion , at Dublin-based sports agency Horizon as he rejoins the PGA Tour next year . "  I am now keen to move onto the next stage of my career and I feel this will be facilitated by a fresh view and a new structure around me , " McIlroy said in a statement . "  Therefore I am delighted to be joining Horizon and I look forward to working with my new team . "  I would like to sincerely thank Andrew ` Chubby ' Chandler and his team for their guidance , representation and management over the past four years since turning pro . "  Chubby and his team have played a very important role in my success to date . I have made great progress under their management and for that I will always be grateful . " McIlroy joined ISM after being the best-finishing amateur at the 2007 British Open , and the company wished him future success . "  It has been an honour representing Rory and we take great pride in the role ISM has played in guiding him successfully through his formative years as a professional golfer , " it said in a statement . "  Under our management he has grown into an international figure , and he leaves us as a major champion . " Meanwhile , former world No. 2 Sergio Garcia was in contention to win his first title in three years after taking the halfway lead on his home course at the Castello Masters on Friday . The Spaniard , now ranked 49th , shot a sizzling eight-under-par 63 in the second round to go two shots clear at the Club de Campo del Mediterraneo club where he has played since he was a child . Sweden 's Alexander Noren matched that score to be second on 10-under 132 , two strokes clear of England 's first-round leader Ross McGowan  70  , Scotland 's Gary Orr  67  and Australia 's Marcus Fraser  64  . "  It 's getting there , " Garcia told the European Tour website . "  It 's not quite there yet -- sometimes I have a little bit of a hard time hitting a draw , but when my little fade works out I can keep it in play . "  At the weekend I 'll try to hit good shots , to putt well and I 'm going to do my utmost . It 's nice to be up there , that 's why we train . It 's even nicer to be there on Sunday afternoon . Alex is right behind me , so I need to keep focused . "	World No. 3 Rory McIlroy ends four-year association with manager Chubby Chandler U.S. Open champion decides to join compatriot Graeme McDowell at Horizon Chandler 's company wishes McIlroy future success with his new agency Sergio Garcia takes two-shot lead at the halfway stage of Castello Masters
CNN  -- Tabitha and Lucas Rainey were beginning to get suspicious . The staff at Kentucky Children 's Hospital kept telling them their infant son , Waylon , was recovering well from surgery . There had been a few bumps in the road , to be sure , but they said that was normal for a baby born with a severe heart defect . Months passed . Waylon remained in the intensive care unit . More complications arose . "  Is everything OK ? " the Raineys would ask . Yes , the doctors and nurses assured them . Everything was fine . Then one day , Tabitha Rainey says a cardiologist took her aside . "  She said , ` If I were you , I would move him , ' " Rainey remembers . "  She told me we should take him somewhere else . ' " A few days later , the Raineys arranged to have Waylon sent by helicopter to the University of Michigan . By then their son , not quite 3 months old , was in heart failure . Secret data If Waylon Rainey had been born 30 years ago , he almost surely would have died a few days or weeks after birth . He has a condition called hypoplastic left heart syndrome , which means the left side of his heart is so malformed it ca n't pump blood . Today , surgeons perform a series of three operations on babies like Waylon . They 're high-stakes surgeries -- cutting into an organ the size of a newborn baby 's fist is tricky , to say the least . The blood vessels can be thinner than a piece of angel hair pasta , and one wrong move , one nick , one collapsed artery or vein can be deadly . These children are medically very fragile , and even the best surgeons lose patients . Surgeons track their deaths and complications and take great pride in the number of babies they save . Some are so proud they publish their success rates right on their hospital websites . Kentucky Children 's Hospital is not one of these hospitals . 10 ways to get your child the best heart surgeon Instead , Kentucky Children 's Hospital has gone to great lengths to keep their pediatric heart surgery mortality rates a secret , citing patient privacy . Reporters and the Kentucky attorney general have asked for the mortality data , and the hospital has declined to give it to them . In April , the hospital went to court to keep the mortality rate private . Parents of babies treated at Kentucky Children 's say the hospital 's effort to keep the data a secret , coupled with troubling events over an eight-week period last year , makes them suspicious something at the hospital has gone terribly wrong . Four innocent lives On August 30 , Connor Wilson died after having surgery at Kentucky Children 's Hospital for hypoplastic left heart syndrome . He was 6 months old . Three weeks later , Waylon Rainey had his surgery and later went into heart failure . Eleven days after that , newborn Jaxon Russell had a "  botched " heart surgery at Kentucky Children 's , according to his father . Waylon and Jaxon both survived after undergoing additional surgeries elsewhere . Less than three weeks later , on October 16 , 6-month-old Rayshawn Lewis-Smith died after having heart surgeries at Kentucky Children 's Hospital . That same month , Dr. Mark Plunkett , the hospital 's chief heart surgeon -- and the only surgeon performing open-heart surgeries at the hospital -- went on paid leave , according to hospital spokesman Jay Blanton , and the hospital stopped doing heart surgeries . The parents say they did n't receive any explanation for why the surgeries stopped or why Plunkett left . A hospital spokeswoman said Plunkett was not available for comment . Parents react to story CNN met with Connor , Waylon , and Jaxon 's parents in Lexington , Kentucky . "  I think they 're hiding something , " says Nikki Crew , Connor 's mother . Shannon Russell , Jaxon 's father , said when his son had the second surgery at a different hospital it lasted four hours longer than expected because of infection and scar tissue left behind from the first surgery at Kentucky Children 's . He said the second surgeon also found a hole in Jaxon 's heart that the first surgeon missed , and corrected it . "  Our question is , how many other babies did this happen to ? " said Russell , who , with his wife Miranda , started Lil ' Heart Sluggers to help other patients of children with congenital heart defects . A child 's heart surgery amid Syria 's carnage ` OK is n't good enough for me ' Dr. Michael Karpf is the first to admit his hospital 's heart surgery program was not the best . Karpf is executive vice president for health affairs at the University of Kentucky 's health care system , which includes Kentucky Children 's Hospital . He said he put the pediatric heart surgery program on hold because the mortality rates were n't what he wanted them to be . "  They were OK , and OK is n't good enough for me , " he said . "  It 's got to be better . It 's got to be good . " In December , a local reporter asked for more details . Brenna Angel , who worked for the university-owned radio station , asked the university for the mortality rate for all pediatric cardiothoracic surgeries performed over the past three years . She also asked for the number of surgeries performed by Plunkett , the date of his last surgery , and payments received for his surgeries . The university answered some of her questions : Plunkett operated on 110 children in 2010 , 81 children in 2011 and 62 in 2012 , often performing multiple surgeries on one child . In 2010 , UK HealthCare received $ 288,522 in payments for his surgeries ; in 2011 , it was $ 255,380 . But the university refused to release the date of Plunkett 's last surgery or the mortality rate , citing the federal patient privacy law known as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 . The university 's lawyer said even though Angel was only asking for numbers , those numbers could eventually be linked to patients ' names . "  Because Dr. Plunkett performs relatively few surgeries and because all of his surgeries are highly complex surgeries , it is relatively easy to deduce the identity of his patients , " wrote William Thro , the university 's general counsel . Angel filed an appeal with Attorney General Jack Conway , citing the state 's Open Records Act , which requires that public agencies , such as public universities , open most of their records to the public . The attorney general asked the university to let him look at the data privately . The university said no , again citing patient privacy laws . The attorney general disagreed with the university and found it in violation of the open records law . In April , the university appealed the attorney general 's decision to state circuit court . Hospital plans to do heart surgeries again While the legal battle continues , the University of Kentucky has been doing its own internal review of the events last year . Plunkett returned from his month 's leave of absence and then later resigned from the University of Kentucky to take a position with the University of Florida . Dr. Timothy Flynn , senior associate dean for clinical affairs at the University of Florida College of Medicine , said he spoke to surgeons who worked with Plunkett in Kentucky . "  They thought Dr. Plunkett performed very , very well , " he said . "  We did the due diligence on his skills , and we think he 'll do excellent in our environment . " The Kentucky hospital plans on hiring a new surgeon and opening the program back up again at some point . Karpf , the UK HealthCare executive , said parents do n't need to worry -- when it reopens , the program will be first class . "  I wo n't be satisfied until our program is as good as anybody 's program , " he said . But Connor , Jaxon , and Waylon 's parents are n't so sure . They say it 's troubling that doctors and nurses gave them vague answers when they asked specific questions . For example , their sons had very complex surgeries , and they wanted to know how many times Plunkett had done their specific procedures and what his success rate had been . "  I want to know statistics , I want to know hard facts , " said Lucas Rainey , Waylon 's father . "  But they just said , ` We see this all the time . It 'll be fine . ' " Karpf said he 's not sure parents would understand statistics and rates . Karpf says he worries that most people would "  have a hard time understanding data . " "  Data is a complex issue , " he said Rainey said he and his wife understand data just fine -- they analyzed other hospitals ' mortality rates when deciding where to send Waylon after the cardiologist suggested he be moved out of Kentucky Children 's . Jaxon and Waylon are both at home now , and their parents are very pleased with the outpatient care from cardiologists at the University of Kentucky . But they said they 'll continue to fight to have all safety data released to the public . "  We 've not lost our child , and I thank God for that , but I 'm standing up for the ones that have lost their kids -- the moms that I 've had to stand in the hallway with and try to console because they 've lost their children , " Tabitha Rainey said . "  And they do n't know what 's happened and there are still no answers given to them . " CNN 's John Bonifield and William Hudson contributed to this report .	Kentucky Children 's Hospital refuses to provide data on pediatric heart surgery deaths The hospital 's chief heart surgeon went on paid leave and surgeries stopped in October Official promises when the surgeries resume , improvement will be seen That 's too late for the children who died after surgery , their parents say
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe was sworn in for another term Thursday following disputed elections . After a judge made it official , crowds erupted into cheers and released balloons adorned with colors of the national flag . The ceremony was delayed for days by opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai 's petition challenging the July 31 election . He withdrew the court case last week , paving the way for the event . Mugabe : Accept my re-election or ` commit suicide ' The nation 's electoral commission declared Mugabe the winner with 61 % against the former prime minister 's 34 % . Last week , Mugabe told his critics to "  commit suicide " if they can not accept his re-election . Mugabe , 89 , is Africa 's oldest leader and has led the southern African nation since it got its independence from Britain . He led the newly-independent Zimbabwe , first as prime minister in 1980 , then as president seven years later . Opinion : Why nobody is dancing after Mugabe 's win Five years ago , his party lost to Tsvangirai , who did not get enough votes to avoid a runoff . Opposition party supporters were beaten , tortured and killed , rights groups said , and Tsvangirai withdrew from the runoff in protest . The postelection violence left about 200 people dead and thousands injured . Regional leaders dismissed that election as a sham and pressured the two to form a power-sharing agreement . Mugabe 's main opponent became his prime minister , and the squabbles have continued . The fragile power-sharing government ended with this year 's election .	Crowds release balloons adorned with colors of the national flag Voters went to the polls on July 31 to pick a new president Zimbabwe 's election commission declared that incumbent Mugabe won His main challenger withdrew a court case on the election
Havana  CNN  -- Cuban officials have accused the U.S. government of bizarre plots over the years , such as trying to kill Fidel Castro with exploding cigars . On Wednesday , they said Washington is using a new weapon against the island : spam . "  It 's overloading the networks , which creates bad service and affects our customers , " said Daniel Ramos Fernandez , chief of security operations at the Cuban government-run telecommunications company ETECSA . At a news conference Wednesday , Cuban officials said text messaging platforms run by the U.S. government threatened to overwhelm Cuba 's creaky communications system and violated international conventions against junk messages . The spam , officials say , comes in the form of a barrage of unwanted text messages , some political in nature . Ramos said that during a 2009 concert in Havana performed by the Colombian pop star Juanes , a U.S. government program blanketed Cuban cell phone networks with around 300,000 text messages over about five hours . "  It was a platform created to attack Cuban networks , " Ramos said . As first reported by The Associated Press last week , the U.S. Agency for International Development created a cell phone-based "  Cuban Twitter " program , known as ZunZuneo . It allowed U.S. government officials to send blast texts to Cubans and allowed people on the island to message each other independent of Cuban government restrictions on communications . Under Cuban law , all Internet and communications services on the island are controlled by government-run entities . USAID officials envisioned the program being used to organize "  smart mobs " that could challenge the Cuban government 's control on power , according to documents obtained by the AP . U.S. defends ` discreet ' program Just this month , Cuba started a government e-mail service that allows people to receive e-mails on their phones . In the country , which has the lowest rate of Internet access in the Western Hemisphere , the vast majority of people communicate via text message rather than using e-mail . ZunZuneo -- Cuban slang for erratic , zigzag movements -- counted around 68,000 users at the height of the program 's popularity , USAID said . The program ended in 2012 after U.S. government funds for it dried up . Cuban officials have blasted the program as part of a long-running campaign by Washington to destabilize the island 's single-party communist government and said other similar mass-messaging programs still exist . U.S. government officials have defended the program , saying they were trying to foster free expression in Cuba . Last week , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf denied accusations that the program aimed to push a particular political agenda . "  We believe that the Cuban people need platforms like this to use themselves to decide what their future will look like , and that 's certainly what we did here , " she told reporters . "  We were trying to expand the space for Cubans to express themselves . They could 've expressed ... anti-American views on it . We did n't monitor or ... choose what they say on these platforms . That 's up to them . " But other U.S. officials have been less positive about the program 's value . During a USAID budget hearing Tuesday , U.S. Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , called ZunZuneo "  a cockamamie idea " that the Cuban government had little difficulty tracing back to the United States . USAID administrator Rajiv Shah said that ZunZuneo had been carried out "  discreetly " to avoid Cuban government detection , but it was n't a covert program that would have required congressional approval . "  Creating platforms to improve communication in Cuba and in many parts of the world is a core part of what USAID has done for some time and continues to do , " Shah said . "  Our administration 's policy is to continue to support efforts to allow for open communications . " Shah said that USAID "  continues to support platforms " like ZunZuneo , but he did n't go into details . Alan Gross ' attorney : Program is ` shocking ' Attempts by USAID employees and contractors to get U.S. government technology into the hands of Cubans has been at the heart of a high-profile case that 's been a flashpoint in Cuba-U.S. relations in recent years . Former USAID subcontractor Alan Gross is serving a 15-year sentence in prison on the island after his 2009 arrest for importing banned communications as part of a USAID program to connect Cubans to the Internet . He was charged by a Cuban court in 2011 of being an American spy . USAID has said he was in the country working on a U.S. government project setting up satellite Internet connections . Shah said the U.S. government continues to push Cuban officials to release Gross . But Gross , 65 , announced Tuesday that he had begun a hunger strike on April 3 from his cell at a Cuban military hospital to protest the way both countries ' governments are treating him . His lawyer said he was shocked to learn about the ZunZuneo program . "  Once Alan was arrested , it is shocking that USAID would imperil his safety even further by running a covert operation in Cuba , " attorney Scott Gilbert said in a statement . Gross has lost 10 pounds since beginning the hunger strike , a spokeswoman for his attorney said Tuesday . A statement issued Wednesday by Cuba 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs expressed "  concern " about news of Gross ' hunger strike but said he "  was in good physical condition and his health was normal and stable . " Cuban government officials have offered to discuss trading Gross for three Cuban intelligence operatives serving lengthy prison in the United States . But U.S. officials have said that there will be no swap , saying Gross was not spying in Cuba . Former Cuban counterintelligence official weighs in A former member of Cuba 's secretive State Security unit , which hunts what Cuban officials perceive to be internal threats , said he was n't surprised to hear about the U.S.-funded ZunZuneo program . It 's just the sort of thing that Jose Manuel Collera Vento says he was tasked with stamping out when he worked as a counterintelligence official . "  My job was to discover and neutralize these plans against my country , " said Collera , who 's also a cardiologist and a top official in Cuba 's Masonic community . Stretching back centuries , the Freemasons describe themselves as one the world 's oldest and largest charitable and fraternal organizations . The organization has offices , or "  lodges , " across Cuba and counts important Cuban historical figures like revolutionary Jose Marti among its members . In 2004 , Collera says he came face to face with Gross . "  It 's impossible that he did n't know he was carrying out clandestine and illegal activity , " Collera said . Gross , Collera said , visited him to deliver camera equipment and money . At the time , USAID officials and representatives from other U.S. agencies proposed setting up satellite , Internet-based centers at the Masonic temples that Collera oversaw . "  Alan Gross as a person was nice , very friendly , " Collera said . "  He communicated by making gestures because his Spanish was very limited . " What Gross did not realize , according to Collera , was that Collera was a 30-year veteran of Cuba 's State Security and was informing his superiors of the USAID contractor 's activities in Cuba . In 2007 , a cable signed by the then-head of the U.S. diplomatic mission in Havana described Collera as a likely Cuban government "  pawn , " following "  instructions from the Castro regime to penetrate , weaken , and divide the Masonic community . " The message also said that only 100 members of Cuba 's 25,000 Freemasons had Internet access and called the organization 's Havana headquarters a "  neutral space " where Cubans could "  participate in civil society . " U.S. diplomats in Havana , the cable concludes , "  and Miami-based donors have supported the Freemason movement in the past and should continue to do so . " The cable was among the trove of U.S. government documents obtained by WikiLeaks and published in 2010 . It is unclear if Gross was ever warned that by meeting Collera , he had crossed paths with a possible Cuban counterintelligence operative and was now on authorities ' radar . In 2009 , Gross was arrested as he arrived at a Havana airport carrying satellite communications gear . According to a Cuban sentencing document from Gross ' trial , he was traveling to the island to begin a project of connecting Masonic lodges to the Internet . The next time Collera saw Gross was in a Cuban courtroom . Collera testified against Gross at his 2011 trial and revealed himself as "  Agente Gerardo , " a foot soldier in Cuba 's vast State Security apparatus . Gross was convicted of threatening Cuba 's national security and sentenced to 15 years in prison . His cover blown , Collera says Gross ' arrest was his last case . But in an interview with CNN , Collera said Cuba 's domestic intelligence capabilities make any United States-directed program , from the CIA 's alleged exploding cigars to USAID 's "  Cuban Twitter , " nearly impossible to keep secret . "  There are 11 million Cubans , " Collera said . "  That means there are 11 million people who could be State Security . " CNN 's Kevin Liptak and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Cuba accuses the United States of overloading communications networks The accusation comes after a report revealed details of a U.S.-funded "  Cuban Twitter " U.S. officials defend the program , saying it aimed to foster free speech in Cuba
Washington  CNN  -- As President Barack Obama considers military action in response to Bashar al-Assad 's alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria , a debate over whether he must seek Congress ' consent has surfaced . It 's a debate with which the president is extremely familiar . As a senator , Obama was a staunch critic of President George W. Bush for not obtaining renewed authorization for the war in Iraq . He blasted his predecessor in 2007 , saying , "  The president does not have power under the Constitution to unilaterally authorize a military attack in a situation that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation . " Additionally , as a candidate for president , Obama reaffirmed that sentiment . He told the Boston Globe in a questionnaire , "  The president does not have power under the Constitution to unilaterally authorize a military attack in a situation that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation . " "  It is always preferable to have the informed consent of Congress prior to any military action , " Obama added at the time . Syria : Western intervention looms after reported chemical attack As a senator , Vice President Joe Biden had a similar take . During a campaign speech in Iowa in 2007 , he said "  the consequences of war -- intended or otherwise -- can be so profound and complicated that our founding fathers vested in Congress , not the president , the power to initiate war , except to repel an imminent attack on the United States or its citizens . " Although they have held such strong views in the past , their positions have dramatically changed . They did not seek Congressional consent when the United States engaged its military in Libya , nor when Obama expanded the war in Afghanistan . In both instances , members of Congress complained loudly , but the president defended his decision . Iran : U.S. military action in Syria would spark ` disaster ' In the case of Libya , the president said at the time that U.S. troops would not be on the ground and so the law did n't apply . Why the change of heart ? "  Where you stand on this issue depends on where you sit , and right now  Obama  is sitting in the Oval Office , " said Kal Raustiala , professor of law at UCLA . It 's a long-running battle of checks and balances . And it 's one that the president usually wins . Opinion : On Syria , learn from U.S. mistakes in Iraq The debate revolves around the War Powers Resolution . Congress passed the measure in 1973 , overriding a veto by President Richard Nixon . It was meant to rein in the president 's ability to involve the United States in overseas conflict . The law requires that the president seek consent from Congress before force is used or within 60 days of the start of hostilities and that the president provides Congress with reports throughout the conflict . It has n't really worked that way . Many in Congress want consultation before action in Syria It 's a debate that has played out time and time again in U.S. history : a president is considering intervening in an international conflict , Congress wants a say . Specifically , congressional opponents want the ability to block the intended military action . Since 1973 , the United States has used military force in Grenada in 1983 , Panama in 1989 , Iraq in 1991 , Haiti in 1994 and Kosovo in 1999 . In all those instances , presidents -- both Democrats and Republicans -- sidestepped Congress and committed U.S. military forces without obtaining Congressional approval . Congress did , however , provide Bush with its approval for the war in Iraq in 2002 and the war in Afghanistan after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . Like a replay of the past , some members of Congress are demanding the president seek the legislative branch 's approval before any action is taken in Syria . But it 's highly unlikely the president will take that formal step . Warnings of quagmire in Syria as U.S. contemplates military action Congress complains , sometimes loudly , but has rarely done anything about it . It could pass laws further restricting the president 's authority , but has n't done so . The legislative branch could also withhold funding of any military conflict , but that 's another avenue it has failed to take . Additionally , the judiciary has been reluctant to settle the dispute . In the White House 's daily briefing , press secretary Jay Carney said the administration is consulting with Congress . Obama "  had discussions with relevant members of Congress , and leaders of committees and leaders of the Congress at large , " he said . Who wants what after chemical weapons horror In response to Carney 's statement , Rep. Justin Amash , R-Michigan , who called military action without congressional approval "  unconstitutional " and is among a group of lawmakers who are demanding the president seek their approval , tweeted , "  yeah right . " But while members are likely to write letters , pontificate and even challenge the president to seek consent , the president is likely to continue to sit on the winning side of the issue . TIME.com : What Obama can and ca n't do	Obama was critical of Bush for not getting renewed authorization for war in Iraq President argued against congressional OK for action in Libya War Powers Resolution passed in 1973 over Nixon 's veto Law professor says perspective on War Powers depends on where you 're sitting
Rome  CNN  -- The jury that cleared American student Amanda Knox of murder did so for lack of evidence proving she was guilty , the judge in the case said in legal paperwork published Thursday . "  Even taken all together , " the prosecution 's evidence does not "  prove in any way the guilt of Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito for the crime of " killing British student Meredith Kercher , the judge wrote . Prosecutors will probably appeal the acquittal , prosecutor Giuliano Mignini told CNN on Thursday . Either side can appeal a conviction in Italy , but appeals can not be filed before the judge publishes the jury 's reasoning for its verdict . An appeal in the Knox case would be on narrow technical grounds only and would probably take a day or two . It is unlikely Knox would return to Italy from the United States for the appeal . Knox and Sollecito were convicted of murder in 2009 but cleared on appeal in October . Knox was 20 and Kercher was 21 , studying at the university for foreign students in Perugia , Italy , when Kercher 's semi-naked body was found November 2007 in the house they shared . Her throat had been slashed . Sollecito , 23 at the time , was Knox 's boyfriend , studying computer science at another university in Perugia . The case gripped the attention of the public in the United States , Italy and Kercher 's native Britain , where the tabloid press portrayed the defendant as femme fatale "  Foxy Knoxy . " A third man , Ivorian drifter Rudy Guede , was convicted separately of the killing . Guede admitted having sexual relations with Kercher but denied killing her . Judge Claudio Pratillo Hellman said in the paperwork published Thursday that it was not up to the jury to reconstruct what had happened . "  What matters in reaching the ruling is only the lack of proof of guilt of the two defendants , " he wrote . The jury was apparently convinced by a determined defense effort to discredit DNA evidence that played a role in the 2009 conviction . Knox 's attorney , Carlo Dalla Vedova , said he was "  fully satisfied " with the judge 's report , known in Italian as a motivazione , or motivation . "  We 've always said that there was no evidence , that the first court ruling was based on probabilities and not facts , " Dalla Vedova said . "  The first ruling was a mistake , which has now been corrected , so we are very satisfied with it . " Knox 's family issued a brief statement Thursday saying the paperwork affirms "  that Amanda had absolutely nothing to do with the tragic and terrible murder of Meredith Kercher . " "  Amanda and we are satisfied with the motivations and take heart in the strength of the judge 's words and proclamation of her innocence , " the family said in the statement . CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene wrote the article in London .	NEW : Knox 's family issues statement praising the "  proclamation of her innocence " Judge : Prosecutors did n't prove Knox and Raffaele Sollecito killed Meredith Kercher The two were acquitted of murder in October after appealing an earlier conviction Prosecutors will probably appeal the acquittal , one tells CNN
CNN  -- Josef Fritzl , the Austrian man accused of keeping his daughter in a cellar for decades and fathering her seven children , will go on trial March 16 on six charges including murder and incest . Josef Fritzl admitted fathering seven children by his daughter during her 24-year captivity . The Austrian Press Agency reported Thursday the trial was expected to last about five days and be held behind closed doors . Further details about the case would be announced Friday , it said . Fritzl , 73 , was charged in November with incest and the repeated rape of his daughter , Elisabeth , for 24 years . But he was also charged with the murder of one of the children he fathered with her , an infant who died soon after birth . State Prosecutor Gerhard Sedlacek said Michael Fritzl died from lack of medical care . In all , Fritzl faces six charges at trial : murder , involvement in slave trade  slavery  , rape , incest , assault , and deprivation of liberty , Sedlacek 's office said . If convicted , he could face life in prison . The case first came to light in April 2008 when Elisabeth 's then-19-year-old daughter , Kerstin , became seriously ill with convulsions . Elisabeth persuaded her father to allow Kerstin to be taken to a hospital for treatment . Hospital staff became suspicious of the case and alerted police , who discovered the family members in the cellar . Fritzl confessed to police that he raped his daughter , kept her and their children in captivity , and burned the body of the dead infant in an oven in the house . Elisabeth told police the infant was one of twins who died a few days after birth . When Elisabeth gained her freedom , she told police her father began sexually abusing her at age 11 . On August 8 , 1984 , her father enticed her into the basement , where he drugged her , put her in handcuffs and locked her in a room , she told police . Fritzl explained Elisabeth 's disappearance in 1984 by saying the 18-year-old girl had run away from home . He backed up the story with letters he forced Elisabeth to write . Elisabeth Fritzl and all but three of her children lived in the specially designed cellar beneath her father 's home in Amstetten , Austria , west of Vienna . The other three children lived upstairs with Fritzl and his wife ; Fritzl had left them on his own doorstep , pretending his "  missing " daughter Elisabeth had dropped them off . Under Austrian law , if Fritzl is convicted on several offenses , he will be given the sentence linked to the worst crime . In addition to murder , he will face the following charges :	Josef Fritzl accused of keeping daughter captive for decades , on trial March 16 Fritzl faces murder charge as one of 7 children he fathered by daughter died Other charges include incest , rape , assault and involvement in slave trade
CNN  -- Consumer Reports , self-promoted as the largest independent consumer-testing organization in the world , recently subjected Tesla 's all-electric vehicle to its standard gamut of automotive tests . The results were nothing short of extraordinary , as the model came just one point short of acing the 50-test evaluation regimen . Its final score of 99 out of 100 meant the Model S "  performed better than any other car we 've ever tested , " said Jake Fisher , director of auto testing at the publication  Lexus owners will correctly argue that the 2007 Lexus LS 460L also earned a score of 99 in a Consumer Reports comparison years ago  . When the Consumer Reports results were released with the expected publicity and hype , many looked at the near-perfect score and extrapolated that the car was the best car ever made . The Tesla Model S is an extraordinary clean-sheet effort from a small American automaker , but I 'd stop several yards short of considering it -- or any automobile , for that matter -- the world 's best car . Tesla : Consumer Reports ' best car ever tested Without question , Tesla 's combustion-free five-door is innovative and awe-inspiring . I understand how the team at Consumer Reports became enamored with its effortless acceleration ; cavernous , whisper-quiet interior ; and glass panel technology . In fact , in my own first drive review published last fall , I called an early production model the "  world 's first practical , no-compromise , noncombustion automobile . " Yes , it is pioneering . Yet before anyone slaps a blue ribbon and a hearty best accolade on its sleek windshield , it is time for a reality check -- the Model S is hardly one point away from flawless . Even after overlooking all the Model S ' objective blemishes  the team over at CR mentioned its lack of certain high-end features , stereo issues and parasitic battery energy losses when parked  , electric vehicles lack a national infrastructure of charging points , accessible cross-country range and remain cost prohibitive for most consumers . These are major hurdles , preventing tens of millions from even considering vehicles like the Model S. Do n't feel sorry for just the electric crowd , either . The same hindrances are lodged at other alternative-energy vehicles , such as those powered by hydrogen and natural gas . Tesla 's high-scoring 85 kwh Model S , arguably at the top of its pure-electric segment , is limited to a range of about 265 miles . Even though it may be plugged into any common 110-volt electrical outlet for a slow charge , high-speed electric vehicle charging stations have only sprung up in major population centers or along busy highway corridors , meaning a lack of foresight before heading down a less-traveled road may initiate a tow truck encounter . According to the U.S. Department of Energy , there are more than 5,800 electric charging stations in the United States , but just two public charging stations in North Dakota , and zero in Wyoming  Tesla plans to have a nationwide network of its so-called Supercharger stations within a couple of years  . I do n't need to remind anyone that gasoline for combustion vehicles is as readily available as pasteurized milk , and still less expensive . And to revisit the cost , according to a recent study by TrueCar , the average transaction price for a new passenger car was $ 30,812 in January of this year . The flagship Tesla model tested by Consumer Reports wore an $ 89,650 window sticker , nearly three times the national average . Test drive : DC to Boston in a Tesla Model S A true best car would n't just need a bladder-busting range , readily available fuel or a price that would make it attainable by all . It would need to be every bit as adept in a Syracuse winter as it would be comfortable in a Phoenix summer . It would have to be safe in crash testing , smooth on the highway , maneuverable around town and compact enough to fit into a crowded city garage . Some would even ask for off-road and towing capabilities . You see where I am going ? No car currently manufactured deserves the coveted best car trophy , and that includes Consumer Reports ' 99-point Tesla Model S. Personal transportation needs are uniquely individual , based on occupation , regional location , household size , income and , of course , taste . Giving a vehicle a near-perfect score is acceptable -- and there will undoubtedly be others just as impressive -- but assuming that one vehicle trumps others and satisfies all equally is misguided and presumptuous . To those who consider the Model S the world 's best car , I throw out this question : What 's the world 's best shoe ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Harley .	Consumer Reports said Tesla Model S performed better than any car they 've tested Michael Harley : Without question , Tesla is an innovative and awe-inspiring electric car Harley : But Tesla has issues too , such as its high cost and dearth of charging stations
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Dalai Lama , accepting a human rights prize from a U.S. foundation Tuesday , chastised the United States for not fully addressing the economic divide between its poorest and richest citizens . The Dalai Lama sits with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi at the awards ceremony on Tuesday . "  Huge gap , rich to poor . This is unhealthy , " he said . "  You have to think seriously about those less-privileged people . They 're also human beings . " The "  real greatness of America , " he said , "  is your ancestors ' principles , " and he urged the nation to preserve those principles . "  When I think of America , I think of the idea -- concept of freedom , liberty , equality . I think these are real human values , " he said . The inaugural Lantos Human Rights Prize , presented to the 74-year-old Dalai Lama by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , honors his commitment to ending global injustice . The Dalai Lama called the award , from the New Hampshire-based Lantos Foundation for Human Rights and Justice , "  a great privilege , especially because it is named after an individual I admired deeply . " He was referring to the late Rep. Tom Lantos , D-California , whom the foundation describes as a champion of human rights during his 27 years in Congress . Lantos , who was the only Holocaust survivor in Congress , died of cancer in February 2008 . His image is on the large medal . Before presenting the award , Pelosi said people continue to be inspired by the Dalai Lama 's messages of peace and nonviolence . The medal , the California Democrat said , contains the words "  The rights of one are the rights of all . " "  The Dalai Lama is one of the most highly honored peacemakers of our time , " she added . Tuesday 's program focused largely on the work of Lantos , who co-founded the Congressional Human Rights Caucus about 20 years ago . The name of the caucus has been changed to the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission , and part of its mission is to "  promote , defend and advocate internationally recognized human rights norms in a nonpartisan manner , " according to its Web site . The group is a formal entity of Congress , said Howard Berman , D-California , who was at Tuesday 's event . Also at the ceremony was Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , who called Lantos "  an inspiration . " "  When he died we lost one of the better angels of our national conscience , " McCain said . According to the foundation , created by Lantos ' daughter , Katrina Lantos Swett , the Lantos Prize is meant to focus attention on the "  often unsung heroes of the human rights movement . " The foundation 's Web site says the prize "  will be awarded on an annual basis to the individual or organization that best exemplifies the foundation 's mission , namely , to be a vital voice standing up for the values of decency , dignity , freedom and justice in every corner of the world . " The Dalai Lama is visiting Washington this week for a conference and to meet with Undersecretary for Global Affairs Maria Otero , who has just been named as President Obama 's special coordinator on Tibet , State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said Monday . The Dalai Lama wo n't meet with Obama , who instead plans to visit with him after a presidential trip next month to China , Kelly said . The Dalai Lama and Tibet are dicey issues in Washington , since Beijing considers the Himalayan province a part of China and accuses the spiritual leader of advocating Tibetan independence . The Dalai Lama -- whose name is Tenzin Gyatso -- has repeatedly said he seeks autonomy for the region , not independence , and advocates the "  middle way " of nonviolence . China has ruled Tibet since 1951 , a year after sending troops to "  liberate " the region from what it said was serfdom under the Dalai Lama . The Dalai Lama 's emissaries have held sporadic talks with Chinese officials . But the talks , encouraged by the United States and other countries , have failed to break the impasse . In a 2007 trip to Washington , the Dalai Lama met with then-President George W. Bush , who awarded him the Congressional Gold Medal , the nation 's highest civilian honor . Asked whether the lack of a meeting between the Dalai Lama and Obama represents a change in U.S. policy toward China or Tibet , Kelly said , "  I would n't necessarily read ... anything into the decision beyond what it is . " "  Our position regarding China is clear , that we want to engage China . We think China is an important global player . We also do n't try and downplay some of the concerns that we have about China ... in the areas of human rights , religious freedom , and freedom of expression . " The Dalai Lama won a Nobel Prize for advocating peace , but he has not been allowed to return to Tibet since fleeing his homeland in 1959 . On Thursday and Friday , he is scheduled to participate in a conference called "  Educating World Citizens for the 21st Century . " On Saturday he is to spend the morning teaching on "  The Heart of Change : Finding Wisdom in the Modern World , " an event organized by the Conservancy for Tibetan Art and Culture . He then is slated to return to India before traveling to Japan , Australia and New Zealand .	NEW : Dalai Lama lauds U.S. founding principles , decries gap between rich and poor Pelosi calls Dalai Lama "  one of the most highly honored peacemakers of our time " Dalai Lama is in Washington for conference and to meet U.S. officials He wo n't meet with President Obama , who plans to visit him next month in Asia
Columbus , Ohio  CNN  -- The campaign of Republican presidential frontrunner Mitt Romney tried Wednesday to put the best possible spin on Super Tuesday 's mixed verdict , releasing a memo arguing that it is now nearly impossible for his opponents to catch him in the delegate hunt . "  Super Tuesday dramatically reduced the likelihood that any of Gov. Romney 's opponents can obtain the Republican nomination , " said Rich Beeson , the campaign 's political director . "  As Gov. Romney 's opponents attempt to ignore the basic principles of math , the only person 's odds of winning they are increasing are President Obama 's . " According to CNN 's latest delegate count , Romney now has 404 delegates , compared with 165 for Rick Santorum , 106 for Newt Gingrich and 66 for Ron Paul . To claim the nomination , a candidate will need 1,144 delegates when Republicans meet for their national convention in Tampa this summer . None of Romney 's opponents "  succeeded in closing  the  delegate deficit " Tuesday , and "  the calendar ahead offers them dwindling opportunities to close the gap , " Beeson said . He called Super Tuesday a "  one-time opportunity " to reshape the race . Among other things , Beeson said that there are now few major delegate prizes remaining and that most of the states yet to vote have rules requiring a proportional allocation of delegates -- a reality that makes it hard to narrow Romney 's lead . Santorum and Gingrich have argued otherwise , insisting there is still an anti-Romney majority within the Republican Party that can unify in the weeks ahead . Next on the calendar : Kansas holds its caucuses Saturday , followed by contests in Alabama , Mississippi , and Hawaii on Tuesday . Several U.S. territories will also have the chance to weigh in over the next week , including Guam , the Virgin Islands and American Samoa . Romney substantially increased his delegate lead on Super Tuesday but failed by most accounts to deliver a knockout blow . He squeezed out a razor-thin popular vote win in the bellwether state of Ohio , while also carrying his home state of Massachusetts , plus Idaho , Vermont , Virginia and Alaska . Santorum won North Dakota , Oklahoma and Tennessee , while Gingrich cruised to victory in his home state of Georgia . Paul failed to win in any of the states up for grabs . Complete Super Tuesday results Romney was aided by his opponents ' organizational failures . Santorum failed to meet the eligibility requirements for a number of delegates up for grabs in Ohio , and neither Santorum nor Gingrich qualified for the Virginia ballot . Despite his opponents ' problems , however , Romney still demonstrated significant weakness with elements of the Republican base . Evangelical voters , Southerners , strong tea party backers and rural residents continued to largely reject the former Massachusetts governor 's candidacy . A substantial number of voters also indicated concern that Romney -- a wealthy former venture capitalist -- can not adequately relate to their daily struggles . In exit polls , 34 % of Ohio voters said Santorum best understands the problems of average Americans , compared with only 22 % for Romney . Opinion : Why ca n't Romney win big ? Romney -- generally perceived as more moderate than Santorum or Gingrich -- "  still has a problem with the base , " said Ari Fleischer , a CNN contributor who was press secretary for President George W. Bush . "  That base problem may make him attractive to independents if he gets to a general " election , but can work against the former governor in the primary season . Santorum loses among Ohio Catholics For their part , Santorum 's and Gingrich 's campaigns have high hopes for upcoming contests in the more conservative Southern and Plains states . Santorum 's camp plans to buy about $ 1 million of ads in Kansas , Alabama and Mississippi , a source with the campaign told CNN . Santorum 's victory in Tennessee hurt Gingrich 's strategy in the South after the former House speaker 's triumphs in South Carolina and now Georgia . "  It looks we 're going to get at least a couple of gold medals , and a whole passel full of silver medals , " Santorum told cheering supporters in Ohio before the outcome in the Buckeye State was known . Santorum stumps his naysayers For Gingrich , who represented Georgia 's Sixth Congressional District for two decades , the home state victory provided a new boost after a string of defeats . Check in on the Political Ticker "  Thank you Georgia ! It is gratifying to win my home state so decisively to launch our March Momentum , " Gingrich said Tuesday night in a Twitter post . "  There 's lots of bunny rabbits that run through , " he later told supporters in Georgia , referring to the earlier revolving door of front-runners in the GOP nomination fight . "  I 'm the tortoise . " Gingrich vows to keep plugging away A Gingrich campaign source told CNN on condition of not being identified that the former House speaker will become the third GOP candidate to get Secret Service protection starting Wednesday . Romney and Santorum already have that protection . Romney entered Super Tuesday off of three wins last week and a growing lead in the race for the right to face off against President Barack Obama in November . In remarks to supporters in Boston , Romney sounded like the presumptive GOP nominee , focusing his attention on the president . iReport : Why ca n't Romney seal the deal ? Citing national unemployment that remains above 8 % , Romney said the figure is just an "  inconvenient statistic " in the eyes of the Obama administration . "  But those numbers are more than data on a spreadsheet ; they are worried families and anxious faces , " said Romney , who was interrupted repeatedly by chants and cheers . "  And tonight , I 'd like to say to each of them : You have not been forgotten . We will not leave you behind . Our campaign is on the move , and real change is finally on the way . " Photos from Super Tuesday Romney also signaled a continued battle for his campaign . "  Tonight we 've taken one more step towards restoring the promise of America , " he said . "  Tomorrow we wake up and we start again . And the next day we 'll do the same . And so it will go , day by day , step by step , door by door , heart to heart . " Santorum also focused on Obama , saying the president 's policies threatened the individual liberty of Americans . But he targeted Romney as well for his health care law in Massachusetts , arguing it was the model for Obama 's federal health care reforms detested by conservatives . "  I 've never been for a mandate at a state or a federal level , " Santorum said in challenging the requirement in both the Massachusetts and federal laws for people to have health coverage . Delegate tracker | delegate calculator Despite lingering concerns about Romney 's conservative credentials on health care and other issues , the former governor 's campaign was bolstered by endorsements from several leading conservatives this week , including House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia ; Oklahoma Sen. Tom Coburn ; and former Attorney General John Ashcroft . Five things we learned from Super Tuesday Here is a state-by-state breakdown of the states that voted on Super Tuesday : * The Alaska caucuses had 24 delegates at stake , to be allocated on a proportional basis . Alaska results * Georgia 's primary had 76 delegates at stake , allocated on a proportional basis . Georgia results | Georgia exit polls * Idaho caucuses had 32 delegates at stake , to be allocated on a proportional basis . * Massachusetts ' primary had 38 delegates at stake , to be allocated on a proportional basis . Massachusetts results | Massachusetts exit polls * North Dakota 's caucuses had 28 delegates at state , to be allocated on a proportional basis . * Ohio 's primary had 63 delegates at stake , to be awarded on a proportional basis . Ohio results | Ohio exit polls * Oklahoma 's primary had 40 delegates at stake , to be allocated on a proportional basis . Oklahoma results | Oklahoma exit polls * Tennessee 's primary had 55 delegates at stake , to be awarded on a proportional basis . * Vermont 's primary had 17 delegates at stake , to be awarded on a proportional basis . Vermont results | Vermont exit polls * Virginia 's primary had 46 delegates at stake , to be allocated on a proportional basis . Virginia results | Virginia exit polls CNN 's Jim Acosta , Dana Bash , Gloria Borger , Chelsea J. Carter , and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : Mitt Romney 's campaign says it is nearly impossible for GOP opponents to win But Romney still appears to have a problem winning the conservative base Romney ekes out a victory in Ohio and bolsters his lead in delegates Rick Santorum takes three states ; Newt Gingrich stays alive with victory in Georgia
CNN  -- Bayern Munich dropped their first Bundesliga points of the season under new manager Pep Guardiola Tuesday -- frustrated by a late SC Freiburg equalizer in a 1-1 draw . Guardiola made seven changes ahead of Friday 's European Super Cup showdown with Chelsea , but the European champions should have still wrapped up the three points . Xherdan Shaqiri put Bayern in front in the 33rd minute at the Mage-Solar Stadium , but paid the price for failing to add to their advantage when Freiburg substitute Nicolas Hofler leveled with four minutes remaining . It has left the Bundesliga champions with 10 points from four games , a point clear of arch rivals Borussia Dortmund , Bayer Leverkusen and Mainz , who all boast perfect records from three games . An unbeaten Bundesliga run of 29 games , dating back to last season was also extended , but there was a worrying development for Guardiola when captain for the night , midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger , limped off with an ankle injury near the end . It had all looked so promising when German international Thomas Muller completed a superb run by crossing for Swiss star Shaqiri to open the scoring . Muller and Shaqiri both had chances to double the advantage but Freiburg were rewarded for their endeavor when Sebastian Freis crossed for Hoefler to beat Manuel Neuer from close range . Bayern laid siege to the home goal in the dying moments , but could not force the winner . "  If you 're only 1-0 up in the Bundesliga , things like this can always happen , " Guardiola told Bayern 's official website . "  We have only ourselves to blame , " added regular skipper Philipp Lahm , who came on as a second half substitute . Meanwhile , Bayern 's Bundesliga rivals Schalke 04 secured their passage to this season 's Champions League group stages with a thrilling 3-2 win in Greece over PAOK Thessaloniki . After a 1-1 draw in Germany last week , Schalke 's victory secured a 4-3 aggregate win , but they ended the match with 10 men after Jermaine Jones was red carded just after the hour mark . The score stood at 1-1 at the time , but Schalke pulled ahead for the second time when Julian Draxler scored in the 79th minute , a crucial second away goal . Konstantinos Katsouranis leveled for the home side , but Adam Szalai , with his second of the match , sealed a famous victory . In their qualifying action , Arsenal wrapped up their place in the competition proper for the 17th straight time as two Aaron Ramsey goals saw them beat Fenerbahce 2-0 at the Emirates Stadium . The English Premier League side had won the away leg in Turkey 3-0 but still fielded a strong side for the return leg , with Welsh international Ramsey again outstanding . Steaua Bucharest , Austria Vienna and FC Basel will also go into Thursday 's draw .	Bayern Munich held at SC Freiburg in Bundeslia Nicolas Hofler scores equalizer to deny Bavarian giants in 1-1 draw Bayern play Chelsea in European Super Cup Friday
FORT LAUDERDALE , Florida  CNN  -- Richard Barboza sits behind the steering wheel , patiently working a crossword puzzle . There 's no rush . Time is one thing Barboza has plenty of . Richard Barboza , left , and John Nilsen are among those struggling in the current economic recession . It 's just after sun-up . The streaks of light shimmer off the car windows . In the back of the Ford Explorer John Nilsen stirs . This is home . Clothes are kept in a suitcase . Food is wherever they can find it . "  It 's definitely not something that you ever see yourself being , homeless , " Nilsen says . But homeless they have been for the past six weeks , ever since the money ran out and they were evicted from the Fort Lauderdale , Florida , apartment they shared . Nilsen had lost his job , and Barboza is waiting for disability checks to start arriving . The line of homeless men and women has already started to form at the food bank when the two men walk up . The faces are always the same , with a few more added every day . Michael is a regular . He makes grasshoppers out of palm fronds , then sells them when he can for whatever he can get . James says he once played professional football for the Miami Dolphins . No one believes him . Nilsen and Barboza wait quietly for their turn to get in the front door . "  There 's a lot of emotional and mental turmoil when you 're in a situation like this , " Nilsen says . Breakfast at the Cooperative Feeding Program is rushed . There are so many to feed . Seats at the tables are a premium . Nilsen and Barboza eat quickly their meal of sausage patties , an orange wedge , some cake and coffee . They want to get moving . It 's back in the car and off to the County Library . They can charge their cell phone there and use the public computers for an hour . Nilsen checks Facebook to see how his friends are doing That 's how he stays in touch . The two men then begin searching for places to rent on Florida 's West Coast . "  Big old double-wide trailer , " Nilsen snickers . A two-bedroom catches their eyes . "  I like the location , " whispers Nilsen , "  It 's just north of Tarpon Springs . " If they can get enough money together , Barboza says they 'd like to get out of Fort Lauderdale . "  After having spent 20 years here I 'm due for a change anyway . " Nilsen agrees . "  We 've agreed that we 're going to go together , that we 're going to stick together . We 've been through enough as it is . It 's easier to have someone you trust with you when you 're in a situation like this . " In the afternoons , the two men try making a few bucks . Nilsen got $ 25 for participating in a food tasting . Barboza has an opportunity to be in a focus group that will pay him $ 75 . Nilsen had been donating plasma twice a week , but now that he 's homeless they ca n't use him anymore . Barboza made about $ 20 by panhandling on an Interstate 95 exit ramp for about an hour . He stopped after some other homeless men threatened to kill him for working their turf , he says . It 's not easy finding work when your address is a license plate number . For Nilsen and Barboza , it 's doubly difficult . Both men have disabilities . Barboza was injured in a car wreck . Nilsen had a blood clot in his right leg when he was 16 . He walks with a limp and uses a cane . "  When we pull ourselves out of this , " Nilsen says , "  it 's gon na be something you can look back on and draw from and say , ` You know what , if I was able to get through that ... ' " The long days together living in a car do n't allow for much space and not much alone time . "  We 're at the point now when I know when not to say anything and he knows not to say anything . And he knows when I 'm in a bad mood , " Nilsen says with a laugh . "  He 's got his strengths and weaknesses , " adds Barboza , "  and I 've got mine . We balance each other out . " By the time five o'clock rolls around , the two are getting hungry . There was no lunch today . A nearby church is serving dinner . It 's time to stand in another line . They know most of the people here from breakfast at the Cooperative . Many are longtime homeless . "  If they know better than I do how to survive , then let me ask and let me get the knowledge I need to survive for however long it 's gon na be , " Nilsen says . Outside the church a van pulls up The homeless are handed bags of toiletries . You take what you can get because you do n't know how long it 's gon na be before you get more , Nilsen says . A sliver of a moon shines now . "  The toughest part of the day for us , " Barboza says , "  is once it gets dark until we go to the place where we sleep at night . " For the next few hours the two men drive the neon sign-lit Fort Lauderdale streets . There are very few places , they say , where they can stop and park without police chasing them off . Once in a while they pull into a local park for a couple hours until the lights on the fields are turned off and the gates closed . At least here , they 're not wasting gas . Every night is a challenge making it until 11 p.m. , they say , when they can finally drive to their secret spot and bed down in the back of the old SUV .	Two men evicted from their apartment when their money ran out Home for the disabled pair is now an old Ford Explorer Men wait in line with other homeless people for free meals They say police often chase them off when they park their vehicle
CNN  -- Passengers on a Carnival cruise ship drifting in the Gulf of Mexico are n't getting the vacation they expected -- sleeping on its decks , making do with a few working toilets , and doing what they can to get food -- all due to a weekend engine fire left the vessel dead in the water . The Carnival Triumph was about 150 miles off the coast of Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula , heading back Sunday morning to Galveston , Texas -- where it had departed Thursday on a four-day trip -- when a fire broke out in an engine room , according to Carnival Cruise Lines . The ship 's automatic fire extinguishing system kicked in and soon contained the flames , and no injuries were reported , Carnival reported . Yet this fire left the ship -- and its 3,143 passengers and 1,086 crew members -- adrift without propulsion , the cruise line said , halting its trip back to port . The first of two tugboats that will tow the ship to Mobile , Alabama , arrived on Monday evening , the cruise line said in a statement . The ship should arrive in the Gulf city some time Thursday . Not being able to sail , though , is just one of the problems . Issues with running water , scarce electricity and more contributed to headaches big and small , according to passengers and their loved ones . Toby Barlow 's wife Ann told him there was "  sewage running down the walls and floors " with passengers being asked to defecate in bags and urinate in showers due to a lack of functioning toilets . Food lines ran 3Â 1/2 hours long and some , like herself , slept outside to keep cool . "  Elderly and handicap  ped people  are struggling , " she texted her husband . "  The smells are gross . " Read related : Cruise safety drill results in 5 deaths Brent Nutt said his wife , Bethany -- who is on board , and whom he talked to Sunday -- reported similar problems . "  She said they had no power , no running water , and she said she had n't been able to eat anything yet . Then you call the Carnival phone number for families , and they tell you that everything is all right , " Nutt told CNN . Posts to CruiseCritic.com , which bills itself as an "  interactive community of avid and first-time cruisers , " documented similar issues with power and more . Some posts , though , were more light-hearted . "  They are all fine , " wrote one woman , whose sister is on board . "  Said they are still having fun and gave me the task to call her boss who seems to think I was lying . " Carnival spokesman Vance Gulliksen acknowledged issues , while noting the cruise line 's efforts to address the situation . Some people are camping out on the decks because some cabins do n't have air conditioning , he said Monday evening . And Gulliksen pointed to recent progress . For instance , "  we have restored toilets in some public areas and cabins ; " there is running water for showers , even if it 's cold ; and some elevators are working . As for the food situation , he said the Triumph 's poolside restaurant has "  limited food service " and meals have been brought aboard from two other Carnival ships . Earlier Monday , the cruise line said in a statement that there was hot coffee available , among other options . "  All our guests are safe , and we 're doing everything we can to make them as comfortable as possible , " Carnival CEO Gerry Cahill said in a statement issued at 8:30 p.m. ET Monday . "  We 're terribly sorry for the inconvenience , discomfort and frustration our guests are feeling . " Read related : What caused the Costa Cruises ship disaster ? Besides the two Carnival vessels that have come to transfer supplies -- and , in one case , take on a passenger with a pre-existing medical condition , said Gulliksen -- the U.S. Coast Guard cutter Vigorous is on-site to aid the stranded ship . "  It 's in deep water and not near any hazards to navigation , " said Greg Magee , the commander of the Vigorous . The ship was initially expected to be towed into the northern Yucatan port of Progreso , Mexico . But the ship had already drifted about 90 miles north due to strong currents by Monday night , prompting the decision to instead move the Triumph to Mobile . Carnival said Mobile and Progreso were then roughly equidistant , adding that strong currents toward the Alabama shore and a "  simpler re-entry " -- especially for the 900 passengers without passports -- also drove the decision to head to the U.S. coast . After being towed to port , those aboard the Carnival Triumph will be flown home at no cost to them , the cruise line said . They will also get a full refund , credit that can be used toward a future trip and reimbursement for all expenses , except casino and gift shop purchases , for their current trip . The vessel 's next two departures , scheduled for Monday and Saturday , have been canceled . Those slated to be on those trips will get full refunds and discounts toward future cruises , the cruise line said . Family and friends of those on board may call 888-290-5095 or 305-406-5534 for information . Throughout the ordeal , Barlow said his wife Ann has kept her sense of humor despite being stranded . "  I joked with her that I got the raw end of the deal . I was stuck in Texas with all  the  kids going to watch midget wrestling while she was on a cruise this weekend with her girlfriends , " he said . "  When I talked to her  Sunday  night , I reminded her maybe I got the better end of the deal , " he said . Read also : Eight icy getaways CNN 's Joe Sutton , Dave Alsup , Mike Ahlers , Chuck Johnston , Esprit Smith , Greg Botelho and Marnie Hunter contributed to this report .	NEW : The first of 2 tugboats that will tow the ship to Alabama arrives , Carnival says NEW : The cruise ship will go to the U.S. , not Mexico , due to currents and "  simpler re-entry " An engine room fire disabled the ship ; passengers report many issues aboard A Carnival spokesman admits problems on ship but points to progress
Los Angeles  CNN  -- California is poised to become home to the nation 's first truly high-speed rail system with Gov. Jerry Brown 's signing Wednesday of a law authorizing the first leg of construction for a line that will eventually connect Los Angeles and San Francisco . California will issue $ 2.6 billion in bonds , with the federal government providing an additional $ 3.2 billion , to build the initial segment of the high-speed rail between Merced and the San Fernando Valley on the north side of Los Angeles , officials said . The high-speed rail project was part of a transportation bill signed by Brown that calls for general improvements to the state 's rail system involving a total of $ 4.7 billion in state funding matched with $ 7.9 billion in federal and local funds , officials said . "  This legislation will help put thousands of people in California back to work , " Brown said at Union Station in downtown Los Angeles , according to a news release . "  By improving regional transportation systems , we are investing in the future of our state and making California a better place to live and work . " Rail industry aims to hire 5,000 veterans in 2012 The California High-Speed Rail Authority says the rail line initially will allow passengers to zip between San Francisco and Los Angeles via the Central Valley in two hours and 40 minutes . The line is envisioned to carry travelers between Los Angeles and San Diego in 80 minutes and , in the northern part of the state , will eventually connect to Sacramento , the authority said . In all , the 800 miles of track will include up to 24 stations , the authority said . Andy Kunz , president and CEO of the U.S. High Speed Rail Association , said the California high-speed train will travel at 220 mph . "  California will be home to the nation 's first true high-speed rail , " Kunz told CNN . "  True high-speed rails around the world are running between 186 miles an hour to 220 miles an hour . That 's pretty much the standard in the world . " The closest speed to the California project is Amtrak 's Acela Express in the Northeast , which averages 80 mph between New York City and Washington , D.C. , but reaches 150 mph for a few miles near Boston , Kunz said . That line is not built on a dedicated high-speed track as California 's line will be , he said . "  California leads the way for many new things in this country , whether it 's organic food or high technology or filmmaking . This will be the chance for California to lead the nation in transportation as well , " he said . High-speed rail is n't vulnerable to the rising global fuel prices that afflict the airline industry , and it will relieve highway gridlock , he said . California Senate approves funding for high-speed rail "  High speed is the only thing coming over the horizon that can actually give us a better future , " said Kunz , whose nonprofit trade association seeks a 17,000-mile national high-speed rail system by 2030 . Joseph Shelhorse , the association 's vice president of business development , said his group is working with developers on private-public partnerships to build high-speed track beds in exchange for real estate development rights above and around high-speed train stations -- much as the U.S. government under President Abraham Lincoln did for the first transcontinental railroad . The California project , however , has had its share of critics , including John Tos , an almond farmer . "  We want them to stay off the land . It is not our intention to allow this to happen through our property . We farmed here for a reason , the tranquility of it all . This is farming country . And we want to keep it like that , " he said earlier this year . Other critics are concerned about the potential for cost overruns , and question the project 's timing given the economic slump . Joe Simitian , a Democratic state senator , was among those who voted against the bill . "  The question we have to ask ourselves today is -- even if you support the vision -- is this a plan that is worthy of our support ? " he said during debate . President Barack Obama is a big supporter of high-speed rail . His administration has proposed spending $ 53 billion on a national high-speed rail network , while he has set the goal of giving 80 % of Americans access to high-speed rail within 25 years . ` Ferrari ' train driving high-speed rail renaissance	The world standard for high-speed rail is 186 mph to 220 mph , industry experts say The California project will be the only U.S. line reaching those speeds , officials say California Gov. Jerry Brown signs a bill funding the first leg of high-speed rail line The new line eventually will connect Los Angeles and San Francisco
Is the glass ceiling in Britain finally beginning to crack ? A new report on the gender makeup of FTSE 100  the top 100 firms listed on the London Stock Exchange  company boardrooms suggests that just might be the case -- but not all the experts are convinced . Women now account for 20.7 % of FTSE 100 executive board members , an increase of 12.5 % since 2011 , according to The Cranfield School of Management 's Female FTSE Board report released Wednesday . Lord Davies , a former UK trade minister who has been tasked with improving gender equality in Britain 's boardrooms , described the findings as "  impressive " but only part of the journey toward gender fairness at the top of the country 's leading firms . "  We are finally seeing a culture change taking place at the heart of British business , " Davies said . Real progress ? There are now only two members of the FTSE 100 -- copper mining company Antofagasta and natural resources group Glencore Xstrata -- with no female board representation , compared to one company in five in 2011 . At the other end of the spectrum , drinks firm Diageo and business process outsourcing company Capita , are setting the pace with 44.4 % female representation on their boards . Britain has set itself a target of having women make up 25 % of FTSE 100 board members by 2015 . This objective will be met with a further 48 appointments of women to boardroom positions within FTSE 100 companies in the next year . But while these headline figures may cast Britain 's progress on this issue in an impressive light , a closer inspection reveals a far more complex picture . According to the Cranfield study , there are 48 companies in the FTSE 250  which lists the 101st to 350th largest firms on the London Stock Exchange  with no female board representation . Many of the new boardroom positions taken up by female FTSE 100 directors in recent years , meanwhile , are non-executive positions which do not form part of the executive management team and where power and influence is limited . "  Over the past year there were 52 new female appointments to FTSE 100 boards -- representing 27 % of all appointments , " said professor Susan Vinnicombe , one of the report 's authors . "  Of these , only five were executive director positions and the remaining 47 were non-executive Directorships . " Europe 's leaders The British government has looked to pressure publicly limited companies into addressing the issue of female board representation in recent years without legislating on the matter . Other European nations , however , have introduced legally binding quota systems to help ensure female representation is guaranteed on the boards of leading publicly listed companies . The likes of the Netherlands , France and Spain have all regulated to varying extents in recent years , witnessing an improvement in female representation at non-executive boardroom level as a result . Overall there are eight nations within the EU -- including France  26.8 %  and the Netherlands  23.6 %  -- that have a greater number of women at boardroom level than the UK , according to figures on board representation gathered by the European Commission last year . Outside the EU , Norway was the first country to introduce boardroom gender quotas in 2006 and can now count as many as 40.5 % of executives in public limited companies as female , according to Statistics Norway . But in all of these countries , as in Britain , women are still more likely to occupy non-executive roles as opposed to executive director roles . ` It takes time ' Elena Doldor , co-author of the Cranfield study , says pressure must be brought to bear on firms to encourage them to genuinely foster female talent rather than just perform a gender box ticking exercise . "  In order to close this gap and generate a sustainable talent pool , companies must invest more effort in developing the pipeline of female talent , " Doldor said . Others , such as Sibylle Rupprecht , executive director for Catalyst Europe , an organization that promotes women in business , suggest that all change is good change even if it does n't have the desired impact straight away . "  Our research has actually shown that if you have three women on the board  in non-executive positions  this translates over a period of four to five years into 21 % more women in executive positions . "  The executive positions are appointed by the board or at least approved by the board . If you have more women on the board then you will have a more diverse executive thought , " she added . "  There is a correlation but it takes a bit of time . " See also : What can the Romans teach business leaders See also : Bill Gates in his own words Interactive : Top tips from the world 's leading bosses	A new report shows women account for a fifth of FTSE 100 board members Lord Davies : "  Culture change taking place at the heart of British business " Critics say the figures mask reality as many of the roles are non-executive positions
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- The condition of a kite-surfer thrown airborne into a Fort Lauderdale building by strong winds this week has improved , a hospital spokeswoman said Thursday . Wind lifted Kevin Kearney over a Fort Lauderdale beach before slamming him into a building Monday . Broward General Medical Center upgraded Kevin Kearney 's condition from serious to fair , said Broward General Medical Center spokeswoman Candice Ogden . Monday 's incident , which a television crew captured on video as Tropical Storm Fay approached Florida , left the 28-year-old Kearney with spinal fractures , brain swelling , a broken rib and a broken ankle , among other injuries . Kearney was harnessed to a kite , or sail , along a Fort Lauderdale , Florida , beach when strong wind caught the kite , sending him into the air , WFOR-TV reported . Watch wind lift Kearney into the air " WFOR video shows Kearney rise into the air before slamming into the beach and being dragged for a brief time along the sand . The kite then lifted into the air again , slamming him into a nearby building , WFOR reported . Kearny 's mother Alicia Paradise-Garza said Wednesday that her son is able to walk but has spent a lot of time sedated at the hospital so his injuries could be treated . She said Kearney has no recollection of what happened , and that no one has yet shown him the footage of Monday 's incident . In a statement given to the news media the family said Kearney , a Fort Lauderdale resident , is an "  experienced kite-boarder . " Kite-surfers stand on boards while winds catch their kites and move them across water . The video showed no board at Kearney 's feet while he was airborne . Kearney 's friends said his harness had emergency releases , but that it is possible things happened too fast for him to unhook his clasps , WFOR reported .	Winds carried kite-surfer into the air , slamming him into a beach and a building Television crew caught Monday 's incident in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , on video Kevin Kearney suffered spinal fractures , brain swelling , other injuries Mother says Kearney ca n't recall incident
CNN  -- A huge winter storm was affecting the West Coast on Sunday , poised to dump up to 10 feet of snow in some higher elevations , and causing flooding and potential mudslides in lower spots while impacting driving conditions and air travel , forecasters said . A winter storm warning remained in effect through Monday afternoon for California 's Sierra Nevada mountains , from Yosemite to Kings Canyon , according to the National Weather Service . "  Storm totals of 5 to 10 feet above 7,000 feet are likely , " the weather service said , and periods of heavy snow will continue through Monday . High winds are also forecast for the region . "  Travel into the high country of the southern Sierra Nevada may be difficult , if not impossible , " according to forecasters . That possibility exists for the northern Sierras as well . At 3:56 p.m. PST , the National Weather Service was predicting blizzard conditions with winds of up to 70 mph along the higher mountain passes . That could shut down traffic along Interstate 80 , state Highway 50 and state Highway 88 . The Weather Service was urging residents in the higher mountain areas to check their generators and buy extra food and supplies . "  It 's going to be an all-day onslaught , " said CNN Meteorologist Reynolds Wolf . Areas from Denver westward will see rain , he said . At lower elevations , heavy rain was causing flash flooding in a number of locations . Flood advisories and watches were posted almost the entire length of California , from Redding to San Diego . Los Angeles had received 2 to 3 inches of rain as of about 2:30 a.m. Sunday  5:30 a.m. ET  , and "  more significant rain " was on the way , forecasters said . Flooding in the San Joaquin valley , which includes Fresno and Sacramento , is a "  firm possibility , " said Wolf . Footage from Sacramento showed drivers creeping through water on roadways . As of Sunday afternoon , the California Emergency Management Agency was reporting localized flooding across the state , prompting road closings in San Luis Obispo , Fresno , Tulare , Amador , Venture County , Kern County and Humboldt County . And with the heavy rain comes the threat of mudslides , especially in areas near Los Angeles affected by this year 's wildfires , where there is no vegetation to hold the soil in place , Wolf said . The soil becomes saturated and gravity pulls it downward . "  Some minor debris and rock slides have already been reported early this morning , " said a southern California flood advisory issued by the National Weather Service , "  and this threat will likely continue through this morning . " The threat could also be delayed , meaning it will not abate when the rains stop and could occur later , Wolf said . In Placer County a minor mudslide forced the closing of one of two lanes on Interstate 80 on Sunday . The storm -- actually a series of storms -- were triggered by "  deep persistent moisture " originating from the subtropical Pacific and surging northeastward , said CNN Meteorologist Sean Morris . The phenomenon is often called the "  Pineapple Express , " he said , because the moisture originates near the Hawaiian islands . The series will affect the region through Wednesday , with the strongest portions yet to come , Morris said Saturday . Rainfall amounts could reach 10 to 12 inches in some spots , and up to 18 inches in some isolated areas , he said . The storms could be the strongest to hit southern California since January 2005 , he said , when up to 32 inches of rain came in a five-day period . On Saturday , there were more than 260 freeway crashes in Los Angeles County and unincorporated areas because of the rain , said California Highway Patrol Officer Ed Jacobs . That is compared to 48 last Saturday , when it was not raining , he said . Most of the crashes were "  minor fender benders , " he said , but two people died in a crash in Santa Clarita . "  We think the driver was just going too fast in that case , " he said . About 5,000 customers lost power in southern California , said Steve Conroy of Southern California Edison , but noted that is a small percentage of the company 's 5.4 million customers . The biggest problem the company faced on Saturday was drivers traveling too fast and sliding into poles , causing some service interruptions , Conroy said . The company serves some of the mountain areas , and have crews in place there , he said . "  Overall , we 're in good shape . " About 2,100 customers lost power early Sunday in the Highland Park area of Los Angeles , but power had been restored as of about 6:30 Sunday morning , said Maychelle Yee , spokeswoman for the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power . The outages were likely weather related , she said . Further north , high winds affected Seattle , downing trees and power lines , and knocking out power to about 100,000 people . Most of those had been restored as of Sunday . Footage from Spokane , Washington , showed drivers crashing as they slid down a snowy hill . Besides the potential for road closures , air travel could be affected in cities including San Francisco ; Los Angeles ; Seattle ; Portland , Oregon ; and Salt Lake City , Wolf said . Those delays could have a ripple effect elsewhere as a busy holiday travel week approaches . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW Weather Service warns of 70 mph blizzard in northern Sierra Nevadas NEW Minor mudslide shuts down portion of I-80 in Placer County , California Up to 10 feet of snow is possible in the Sierra Nevadas Lower elevations will see up to 18 inches of rain
CNN  -- Two words , delivered with index finger punctuating the air and directed at the president of the United States , made a little-known South Carolina congressman one of the most controversial men on the Internet -- at least Wednesday heading into Thursday . Many Facebook and Twitter users condemned Rep. Joe Wilson for his outburst toward President Obama . As soon as Rep. Joe Wilson was identified as the person whose angry and audible outburst disrupted President Obama 's health care speech to Congress , condemnation was swift -- and brutal . Within minutes , someone had altered Wilson 's entry on the online encyclopedia Wikipedia : "  He is a -LSB- expletive -RSB- that called the president of the United States a liar on national television and has no respect for the office he holds . " When the Web site scrubbed the sentence , an even more offensive entry wormed its way in . iReport.com : "  You are disrespectful , sir " Soon , the site disabled edit options for Wilson 's entry , chalking it up to "  vandalism . " On Twitter , post after post urged users to condemn Wilson 's breach of protocol , listing his Web site address and his congressional office phone number . Web surfers who visited http://www.joewilson.house.gov/ were greeted with the message : "  This site is down for maintenance . Please check back again soon . " Those who called his office number either could not get through because the line was busy , or could not leave a message because the phone continued to ring without activating voice mail . "  If he 's the face of the GOP , we 'll have public option by Columbus Day ! " wrote Andisheh Nouraee , a columnist for Creative Loafing , an alternative weekly in Atlanta , Georgia . Democrats on Capitol Hill piled on the condemnation as well . "  Biggest disappointment of evening , the total lack of respect show by one member for the president , " wrote Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri . "  Never acceptable to behave like a jerk . " As "  Joe Wilson " trended on Twitter as the most popular conversation topic -- and on Google among the most searched terms -- the lawmaker 's supporters fought back . Many set up Twitter accounts and posted their first tweets Wednesday night and early Thursday . "  You have nothing to apologize for . You should be applauded for standing up and speaking the truth , " said Jamie Sawyer of Madison , Wisconsin . "  Good for him ! Too bad he had to apologize " was a comment on the Lonely Conservative blog . "  At last the little man found his voice tonight and called Obama what he surely is , a liar , " said another blog , Sunlit Uplands . By early Thursday , genuine tweets about Wilson were interspersed with ads for male erectile dysfunction : "  Joe Wilson Cialis $ 1.9 Viagra $ 1.1  Web site address  " Though Wilson issued an apology , saying his emotions got the best of him , few online bought it . Watch Obama react to the "  You lie ! " outburst " On the Internet , where speculation runs rife , tweeters pointed to a comment Wilson posted on Labor Day as evidence that his outburst was planned : "  Happy Labor Day ! Wonderful parade at Chapin , many people called out to oppose Obamacare which I assured them would be relayed tomorrow to DC , " the tweet from Wilson 's account said . On Facebook , where users are n't impeded by Twitter 's 140-character limitation , a prolonged and nasty war of words dominated Wilson 's page . "  I have no problem being called a liberal hack by illogical , fear filled , unintelligent people . and actually , I will take it as a complement , " wrote Janine Feczko . Name-calling was met by ad hominem attacks : "  Janine , I 'm sure in the trailer park where you live they gush over your incredible intellect and witty commentary . After all that toothless grin and tripple chin screams Harvard Law , " wrote Dan Colgan . Nine hundred and 10 comments later , the battle raged on early Thursday . Amid all this , the campaign of Democrat Rob Miller , who hopes to unseat the Republican Wilson in next year 's midterm elections , raked in the dough : more than $ 200,000 from 5,000 individuals overnight and Thursday morning after Obama 's speech , according to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee . Finally , there were those who found humor in Wilson 's heckle . A hastily created Web site , JoeWilsonIsYourPreExistingCondition , hurled a new insult at the politician with every click of the refresh button . "  Joe Wilson poured salt on your lawn , " said one . Refresh . "  Joe Wilson traded the dead batteries in walkman for the fresh ones in your TV remote . " Refresh . "  Joe Wilson yells ` Freebird ' at concerts . " Not everyone , however , was busy assigning blame to Wilson . Los Angeles actor and comic Paul Scheer decided to shoulder it . "  I apologize 4 yelling ` liar ' during Obama 's speech , " he jokingly wrote . "  Sen McCain ate my Kit Kat while I was in the bathroom & he pretended like he did n't . "	Little-known South Carolina congressman shouts , "  You lie ! " at President Obama Wikipedia disables editing for Rep. Joe Wilson 's entry , citing "  vandalism " Name-calling rampant on Facebook and Twitter as political passions run high
San Francisco  CNN  -- At the pep rally where Apple debuted its third-generation tablet computer , one question was on everyone 's lips : So , what do we call this thing ? The answer , according to an Apple spokesman : "  It 's just ` iPad . ' It 's what it is . " Or it is what it is n't . It 's not the iPad 3 , and it 's not the iPad HD . Both names were widely rumored before Apple 's coming-out party for the device on Wednesday in San Francisco . It 's not New iPad , which is what people on Twitter started calling it during a nearly 90-minute press conference about the device . The longer Apple execs talked about the tablet computer 's new features -- better screen , faster connection -- without actually giving it a name , the more anxious the People of the Internet became . "  Come on Apple , name it already , " one person wrote . "  Is it an Anonymous iPad ? " asked another . Tech writer Omar Gallaga : "  Screw it , I 'm just going to call it ` Lover . ' " At a demo of the device after the press conference , the topic was widely discussed among technology journalists , who were trying to confirm what to call the thing . "  It 's the new iPad . What are you talking about ? " another Apple spokeswoman said , as if it 's common for updated devices to come out with the same names as their predecessors . Perhaps this naming convention -- sticking with a singular product name without numbers or the names of cats to follow it -- is n't entirely new for Apple . One journalist pointed out that the iPod follows the same tack . But there still seems to be potential for confusion , especially since the first-generation iPad was just called "  iPad " and the next one was called "  iPad 2 . " If someone were selling one of these new iPads on Craigslist next year , what would they call it ? "  So this is the ` New iPad , ' " said Nick Bilton , a tech writer for The New York Times . "  Is the next one going to be called the ` New-New iPad ' ? Where do they go from there ? " Maybe "  iPad 4 . " That would seem logical if unlikely at this point . On the other hand , Apple has been through this sort of thing before . When the first iPad came out , people online were comparing it to a high-tech tampon . "  I do n't think it will be a big deal , " Ina Fried , a writer for the AllThingsD blog , said of the whole iPad name debate . "  If you recall , people did n't like the name iPad when it first came out . They seem to have sold a few of them . " A few million , that is . The company says it has sold 55 million iPads since the device debuted two years ago . When it comes to tablets , Apple 's competitors are scrambling to catch up . It probably would take more than a name snafu to change that .	Apple 's new iPad is just called ` iPad ' The previous iPad was called iPad 2 , leading to speculation about an ` iPad 3 ' Twitter users mock the lack of a name during Apple 's announcement Tech journalists struggle to figure out what to call it
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A verbal altercation between four U.S. soldiers in Iraq preceded the fatal shooting of two and wounding of a third , a U.S. military official said Wednesday . Spc. Neftaly Platero is in pre-trial confinement , suspected in the deaths of Spc. John Carrillo Jr. and Pfc. Gebrah P. Noonan , the military said Tuesday . Carrillo , 20 , of Stockton , California , and Noonan , 26 , of Watertown , Connecticut , died Friday of injuries sustained in a "  non-combat " incident that occurred a day earlier , the U.S. Department of Defense said . They were assigned to 3rd Battalion , 15th Infantry Regiment , 4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team , 3rd Infantry Division , out of Fort Stewart , Georgia . "  The next of kin of the victims were notified that it appears a verbal altercation broke out involving four soldiers , after which the suspect allegedly took his weapon and began shooting the other soldiers , " a military official said Wednesday . "  The Army is conducting an investigation into the deaths . " Carrillo 's mother , Desiree Carrillo , said Tuesday that her son was a good son and a good father to a 3-year-old and a 3-month-old . "  He was a very young father , and he was in school , but he joined the military to provide more for his family , " she said . Desiree Carrillo said the military notified them of Carrillo 's death on Friday after family members learned through the media their son may have been killed by another soldier . Dane Street , Noonan 's former track coach , told WFSB that Noonan was loved by nearly everyone . "  His big hair matched his big personality , " Street said . "  He loved experiencing life , and it was great . " Several people posted rest-in-peace messages on what appears to be Noonan 's Facebook page . The page of "  Gebrah Noonan " also lists "  Neftaly Platero " -- the same name as the suspect -- as a Facebook friend . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Soldiers engaged in "  verbal altercation " before shooting , official says Spc. Neftaly Platero is in pre-trial confinement , officials say Platero and Pfc. Gebrah P. Noonan may have been friends The Army is investigating
CNN  -- Riccardo Ricco has been suspended by his Dutch-based Vacansoleil cycling team amid claims that the Italian gave himself a blood transfusion . Ricco -- who only returned to the sport last March after being handed a 20-month ban for doping during the 2008 Tour de France -- was admitted to a hospital in Modena on Sunday . His father told reporters at the time that Ricco had been suffering from a high fever and suspected kidney failure . But Italian media claimed the 27-year-old had admitted to doctors that he had made himself ill by injecting contaminated blood . And now his team have issued an official statement , saying they have found enough proof of a doping infraction to suspend the rider with immediate effect . The statement said : "  Internal research results following the illness and rumors regarding Ricco have given the team sufficient reason to suspend the Italian with immediate effect . " It continued : "  Last Tuesday , the team started an urgent investigation following the hospitalisation of Riccardo Ricco . Three days later the results of this study brought the team to the conclusion that an immediate suspension of Ricco was required . "  The violation of internal regulations of the team and other indications justify this measure . The team can not prejudge but emphasises that a zero-tolerance policy towards doping is practised . " Blood doping -- an action that increases the amount of red blood cells available to carry oxygen to the muscles -- has been a problem in cycling for a number of years , with disgraced 2006 Tour de France winner Floyd Landis admitting last year that he blood-doped during his career . Blood cells are not damaged by freezing , consequently a "  blood doper " can remove blood from their body , safely store it , and re-inject it when increased aerobic capacity and stamina is needed . However , if the blood is stored incorrectly , it can become infected , resulting in severe illness if transfused . The practice of blood doping is banned by all official sporting governing bodies and Ricco now faces expulsion from competitive cycling if found guilty , as well as a possible jail sentence in a country where all forms of doping are classed as illegal . Ricco has yet to react to the claims surrounding his hospital stay .	Riccardo Ricco is suspended by his Dutch-based Vacansoleil cycling team The team say they have found enough proof of a doping infraction to suspend him Ricco was admitted to an Italian hospital last week with a high fever and kidney problems Italian media claimed the 27-year-old fell ill after injecting infected blood
CNN  -- Former German international star Lothar Matthaeus is to take charge of the Bulgarian national team , it was announced Tuesday . The much-traveled Matthaeus replaces Stanimar Stoilov , who quit after Euro 2012 qualifying defeats to England , and more damagingly , Montenegro earlier this month . "  Lothar Matthaeus is the new national team coach , " Bulgarian Football Union president Borislav Mihaylov told a press conference Tuesday . Mihaylov said Matthaeus will be given a one-year contract with an option to extend for two more years . The 49-year-old enjoyed a glittering playing career , taking part in five World Cups and leading Germany to their 1990 triumph . He was also named as the first-ever FIFA World Player of the Year in 1991 and earned a record 150 caps for his country . Matthaeus also won Bundesliga and Serie A titles with Bayern Munich and Inter Milan . But his managerial career has been less successful and his last job was a one-year spell in charge of Maccabi Netanya in Israel and he has also coached Partizan Belgrade and Red Bull Salzburg . The former midfielder 's only international experience was with the Hungarian national side from 2003-2005 , leaving after they failed to qualify for the 2006 World Cup finals . His first game with Bulgaria will be against Wales next month as they attempt to get their qualifying campaign back on track in the October 8 clash . Meanwhile , Paulo Bento was confirmed Tuesday as the new Portugal coach until the end of Euro 2012 . The 41-year-old , who won 35 caps for Portugal , succeeds Carlos Queiroz , who was sacked earlier this month . Real Madrid boss Jose Mourinho had been linked with the job on a temporary basis but later ruled himself out .	Lothar Matthaeus to take charge of the Bulgarian national team 49-year-old German international legend replaces Stanimar Stoilov Matthaeus has previously managed Hungary and a clutch of minor clubs NEW : Paulo Bento appointed coach of Portugal
Ayotzinapa , Mexico  CNN  -- Students , parents , friends and residents of this town in southern Mexico are demanding justice in the case of a slain student they say was the victim of horrific torture . The slaying of Julio Cesar Mondragon , the shooting deaths of three of his fellow students and the disappearance of 43 others in Iguala , Mexico , are sending shock waves across the nation . What happened to Mondragon is difficult to describe . Those who knew the victim are outraged and fearful . The body of the 22-year-old college student was found lying on a street in Iguala in the early hours of September 27 . The skin of his face had been peeled off and his eyes gouged out , according to witnesses and relatives who spoke to CNN . Authorities in Mexico confirmed the witnesses ' accounts . Mayor , wife arrested in Mexico missing students case Mondragon was a student at a rural teachers college in Ayotzinapa , Guerrero state . Fellow students say that on the night of September 26 , a group of about 100 of them , including Mondragon , decided to go to Iguala , about two hours away , to stage a protest in Iguala . According to authorities , the students , traveling in buses and a van , were attacked and fired on by Iguala police officers . Mexican Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam says the officers were working with a criminal gang that had deep ties with local government in Iguala and the nearby town of Cocula . Six people , including three students , died in the shootings . Aldo Gutierrez Solano , a 19-year-old student who was shot in the head , is in a coma . Forty-three of students were abducted by the officers and remain missing . The Iguala incident in has sparked protests all across Mexico , some of them violent . There have been multiple acts of vandalism in Guerrero state . Protesters have blocked roads and toll booths in cities like Chilpancingo , the capital . They have also blocked access to shopping malls in the beach resort of Acapulco . Former Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca and his wife , Maria de los Angeles Pineda , were arrested Tuesday . They had been staying in a run-down house in an impoverished neighborhood in Mexico City . Mexican officials say the couple , along with the town 's director of public safety , are the "  probable masterminds " of the attack against the students . They were known by Mexican media as "  the imperial couple . " Political enemies say they ran Iguala as if it were their personal fiefdom . Nearly a month after the Iguala incident , Guerrero Gov. Angel Aguirre , who was criticized for not acting quickly enough after the abductions , requested and was granted a leave of absence . ' I heard screams and thought it was him ' Neri de la Cruz , an 18-year-old student at the teachers college , says Mondragon was one of his best friends . They would often get together in his dorm at the teachers school or attend events . "  He would always come to me to ask for help with chores and assignments because sometimes he needed to go home for several days to work and make money to feed his family , " de la Cruz says . De la Cruz was one the students on their way to the protest . He says that when the shooting started , Mondragon ran away . "  Sometime later I heard screams and thought it was him , but I could n't find him , " de la Cruz said . De la Cruz was one of the first to see the picture of Mondragon 's body . He struggles to talk about the gruesome details , but says that publicly demanding justice for Mondragon is the best way to honor his memory . "  When I looked at the picture I noticed that all of his face skin was missing and the eyes had been removed , " de la Cruz says , "  I recognized the body because of the clothes he was wearing . " The victim 's 24-year-old wife told CNN she identified the body through some of her husband 's unique features , moles on his feet and chest . She declined an interview , saying she is afraid for her daughter 's safety and her own . CNN is not identifying her . Opinion : Where are Mexico 's ` Lost Boys ' Julio Cesar Mondragon had dreams of getting a higher education , his wife says . He started attending the college in Ayotzinapa in July . He had also just become a father . His first child , a girl , was born in August . "  My baby will now grow up without her father , " Mondragon 's widow says .	Julio Cesar Mondragon 's body was found early September 27 The skin had been peeled from his face , and his eyes gouged out He and fellow students were attacked in Iguala , Mexico ; 43 still are missing The city 's mayor and his wife were arrested this week , accused of masterminding attack
CNN  -- In some corners of the Internet , Kim Kardashian is already Mrs. Kanye West . The 33-year-old reality star is n't expected to marry West until May 24 , but a May 4 report from Life & Style Weekly stirred speculation that the couple have already obtained a marriage license in California . Whether or not that 's true is up for debate . Both People magazine and E! News cite sources who say that Kardashian and West , 36 , have n't yet made their impending union official . A rep for the reality star is n't commenting on the reports and Kardashian has n't spoken on them either , but she has let a few details slip about her upcoming nuptials . "  We will be getting married ... in Paris , " Kardashian told Jimmy Kimmel earlier this year . "  We love it there . It 's like our second home , we spend so much time there . " And according to the "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " star , her husband-to-be has been hands-on with the planning process . "  I know they think or they say that the guy usually does n't care and just shows up , but Kanye really cares and is really passionate about it , so it makes my job so much easier , " she said . "  I love it because he knows what he wants , and I love that about him . " West popped the question to Kardashian with an over-the-top proposal in October 2013 , a few months after the couple welcomed their first child together , daughter North . CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	There 's speculation that Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are already married A rep for the reality star wo n't comment Kardashian herself also has n't commented on the reports She has confirmed that they 'll marry in France
CNN  As Saudi forces pounded southern Yemen with a fresh series of airstrikes Wednesday , Houthi rebels called for peace talks . The U.N.-sponsored talks should resume "  but only after a complete halt of attacks , " Houthi spokesman Mohammed Abdulsalam said in a Facebook post . The previous round of talks between Houthi rebels and the government of Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi failed in January after rebels attacked the President 's personal residence and presidential palace in Sanaa , the Yemeni capital . On Tuesday , Saudi Arabia announced the end of its Operation Decisive Storm , a nearly monthlong air campaign against Houthi positions . The Saudi-led coalition said a new initiative was underway , Operation Renewal of Hope , focused on the political process . But less than 24 hours later , after rebel forces attacked a Yemeni government military brigade , the airstrikes resumed , according to security sources in Taiz . Five airstrikes targeted a weapons depot in the province late Wednesday , two Taiz security officials said . Explosions lasted for about 40 minutes , they said . It was unclear whether it was a resumption of the operation or a short-term series of strikes . Meanwhile , Houthis released Yemeni Defense Minister Mahmoud al-Subaihi in Sanaa on Wednesday , according to a senior Saudi source speaking on condition of anonymity . The Houthis had said they detained the defense minister at an air base near the Yemeni port city of Aden on March 26 , shortly before the Saudis began their airstrike campaign . The rebels captured the base that day as part of an advance on the Aden area . The United Nations demanded al-Subaihi 's release earlier this month . Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners launched airstrikes on Houthi positions across Yemen starting on March 26 , hoping to wipe out the Iranian-allied rebel group that overthrew the government and seized power . The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government -- a key U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda -- which was kicked out of the capital by the rebels earlier this year . This month , Saudi officials said airstrikes have degraded Houthi-controlled military infrastructure , including key buildings in Sanaa . The campaign achieved its objectives "  by a very good planning , very precise execution , by the courage of our pilots , our sailors , our soldiers , " said Brig. Gen. Ahmed Asiri , a Saudi military spokesman . A senior Saudi official told CNN that the Houthis agreed to "  nearly all demands " of the U.N. Security Council . Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh and his family will leave Yemen and never return for a position in politics , the source said . A statement from the Saudi Embassy in Washington outlined objectives of the next phase of operations , including protecting civilians , enhancing humanitarian and medical assistance , confronting terrorism and creating an international coalition to provide maritime security . Ground troops will continue to protect the border and confront any attempts to destabilize the situation , Asiri said . Military action will be taken if needed . Houthi leader : ` Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming ' But beyond the military campaign , the Saudis and their allies have said they want to find a political solution for the violence-plagued nation . The aim is to bring back "  security and stability through establishing a political process , " said a statement from Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Bahrain , Qatar and Kuwait . Hadi , who claims he 's Yemen 's legitimate leader , thanked the Saudi-led coalition . He is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to his country . "  We promise to restructure the Yemen military to ensure that it serves the people of Yemen , " Hadi said , calling on the Houthis to withdraw , and saying that he would return to Yemen at "  the right time " to rebuild the country . "  You will witness many changes in the days to come in our mission to build an institutional government and military , far from rebel militancy , " said Hadi . In the country 's south , security officials on Wednesday reported two U.S. drone strikes against al Qaeda militants in Mukalla . Six suspected militants died in the attack . This is the second drone strike in three days . On Monday , six militants were killed when drone strikes targeted two vehicles in Shabwah , west of Mukalla . A U.S. military official told CNN on Tuesday that the United States is conducting "  manned reconnaissance " off Yemen . The official stressed that the repositioning of U.S. ships over the last few days was not done to interdict Iranian ships , but to ensure freedom of navigation and maritime security . Why is Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen ? CNN 's Nic Robertson , Salim Essaid , Jethro Mullen , Tim Lister , Anas Hamdan , Jamie Crawford and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	Houthis call for halt to fighting and resumption of peace talks The cessation of airstrikes lasted less than 24 hours Next phase , called "  Operation Renewal of Hope , " will focus on political process
CNN  -- Fierce fighting between rebels and Syrian troops raged on the embattled capital 's doorstep Saturday , opposition forces told CNN . Free Syrian Army rebels traded gunfire for mortar rounds from President Bashar al-Assad 's troops along a critical fault line separating the suburb of Jobar from Damascus itself , said Baraa , a spokesman for the local Revolutionary Military Council , who gave only his first name for safety reasons . "  There are heavy ongoing clashes at Eight Azar . If we capture the area it means we have reached the heart of the capital . It means we can cross into Damascus , " Baraa told CNN . Rebels appear to be inching closer to a decisive battle for the capital , al-Assad 's stronghold , but after nearly two years of fighting the opposition remains wary . "  We are still several hundred meters away and there are many snipers positioned on the buildings and tanks in the area . We expect very intense fighting over the next several days , " Baraa said . The Free Syrian Army is embroiled in near-constant clashes along three front lines on the western edge of the suburb of Jobar -- the Eight Azar entrance , a military air force building , and the vital 6 Tishreen Road dividing the government-controlled suburb of Qaboun from Jobar . Western powers set to increase aid for Syrian rebels Reinforcements are arriving from eastern Ghouta and other suburbs , Baraa said , and are being dispersed evenly to all three front lines . The opposition Damascus Media Office told CNN on Saturday that the Free Syrian Army was now in control of a majority of Jobar . Clashes are constant along a thin line leading to the edges of Abassiyeen Square , it said . The regime has stepped up its offensive using fighter jets and missiles to shell the suburb , it said . For civilians pinned down by the heavy fighting , survival is a daily struggle and escape a distant possibility . "  There are still civilians here and they tell us , where can we go ? All of Syria is a battle ground -- there is nowhere to hide , " Baraa said . Historically , the suburb of Jobar has been a holy site for Jews , drawing pilgrims to one of the oldest standing synagogues in the world . Now bodies line the streets toward the central Abassiyeen Square , Baraa claimed , and the 2,000-year-old Jobar Synagogue sustains artillery attacks . "  Just as the homes and mosques are being struck , the synagogue was struck , too . The regime 's random shelling does not distinguish between buildings -- it can hit anything , " Baraa said . Syrian state media reported fighting in the Damascus suburbs , claiming government armed forces were pursuing armed terrorist groups in the area and had inflicted heavy losses after a string of operations . CNN can not confirm opposition and government accounts of death tolls as access by international journalists is severely restricted . ` Chess game ' Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem held talks Saturday with his Iranian counterpart , Ali Akbar Salehi , in Tehran . Iran has been a constant ally of the embattled al-Assad regime . In a joint news conference on Iran 's state-run Press TV , Muallem said the Syrian army was acting to defend the people and was doing so within the framework of the law . Syria must "  eliminate the sources of terrorism " and defend its sovereignty , he said . Syria will not turn into a "  chess game " for the international community , he added , reiterating the government 's rejection of what it views as foreign interference in its affairs . Both Muallem and Salehi questioned Western support for rebel groups , saying such fighters were the cause of bloodshed in Syria . Salehi said Iran believes dialogue is needed to bring an end to the violence . The Syrian government is ready to talk , he said . Their remarks come two days after the United States promised to send food and medical supplies -- but not weapons -- to rebels in the first such move since the conflict began nearly two years ago . At the same time , European nations began to explore how to strengthen rebel fighters short of arming them after a European Council decision allowing aid for civilian protection . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , speaking after meeting opposition leaders at a Friends of Syria conference in Rome , said the aid would help fighters in their effort to topple al-Assad . He did not say how much aid , but did announce that the United States would separately give $ 60 million to local groups working with the opposition Syrian National Council to provide political administration and basic services in rebel-controlled areas of Syria . That 's on top of $ 50 million in similar aid the United States has previously pledged to the council , as well as $ 385 million in humanitarian assistance , Kerry said . The European Council carved out an exception in its sanctions against Syria on Thursday to allow for the transfer of nonlethal equipment and technical assistance for civilian protection only . It did not specify what kind of equipment could be involved . City bombarded Meanwhile , violent clashes have been taking place in al-Raqa province , near Syria 's northern border with Turkey , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a UK-based opposition group . Fighting began Saturday morning between fighters from many rebel battalions and regime forces , around the al-Raqa city , the Mashlab and Furusiya checkpoints and the Hajana building in the city , the group said . The sound of explosions rocked the city and smoke rose overhead , where helicopters hovered , the Observatory said . Several areas in the city and its outskirts were bombarded by government forces . The group reported dozens of deaths on both sides . Saturday , 133 people were killed across Syria , including 36 in Damascus and its suburbs , according to the Local Coordination Committees for Syria , a network of opposition activists . The unrest began in March 2011 , when al-Assad 's government began a brutal crackdown on demonstrators calling for enhanced political freedoms . The protest movement eventually devolved into an armed conflict , one that has devastated cities and towns around the country and has already claimed nearly 70,000 lives . It has also spurred more than 950,000 Syrians to flee to neighboring nations , according to the United Nations ' refugee agency . CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	133 people were killed across the country Saturday , opposition group says Rebels and Syrian forces clash in the Damascus suburb of Jobar Syria 's northern Al-Raqa province is also seeing fierce fighting The conflict has already claimed close to 70,000 lives
CNN  -- A Dutch man once considered a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway has told a television station he dumped her body in a swamp , Aruba 's chief prosecutor told CNN . However , Joran van der Sloot 's claims to Dutch station RTL-5 are "  unbelievable , " prosecutor Peter Blanken said . RTL-5 said Tuesday it had "  acquired exclusive material containing a statement by Joran van der Sloot " regarding Holloway 's disappearance . "  This material was first offered to us in 2009 , " Remko van Westerloo , the station 's director of programming , said in a statement . "  Obviously , our initial response was skeptical , " van Westerloo said . "  However , we did feel that this interview required thorough research . We 've spoken to a variety of experts and several critics . These findings resulted in a TV special which will air this Sunday . It 's up to the viewers to form their own opinions on the matter . " The statement did not divulge the contents of van der Sloot 's interview . However , Blanken told CNN on Tuesday that van der Sloot says in the interview that he dumped Holloway 's body "  in a swamp on the north end of the island . " "  He was very unspecific , " Blanken said . Blanken said RTL contacted him about the interview last summer , and the station showed the interview to him to get his reaction . He said his office and Aruban police investigated . "  We tried to verify it , " Blanken said . "  It could n't be true . We talked with several witnesses and reviewed several facts . The story is unbelievable and not true , in my opinion . " He said his office told van der Sloot "  we 'd like him to come in and speak with us about it . He failed to respond . " Asked why van der Sloot gave the interview , Blanken said , "  You should ask him . Maybe he wanted to be on camera or make some money . " Holloway was 18 when last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving an Oranjestad , Aruba , nightclub with van der Sloot and two other men , brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe . She was visiting Aruba with about 100 classmates celebrating their graduation from Mountain Brook High School in suburban Birmingham , Alabama . Holloway failed to show up for her flight home the following day , and her packed bags were found in her hotel room . Van der Sloot and the Kalpoes were arrested and released in 2005 in connection with the case . In 2007 , they were arrested a second time after Aruba 's then-chief prosecutor , Hans Mos , said he had received new evidence in the case . Van der Sloot , who was attending college in the Netherlands , was brought back to Aruba . But judges ruled the new evidence -- which included an Internet chat the same day Holloway disappeared with one of the three youths saying she was dead -- was not enough to keep them jailed . In 2008 , prosecutors sought unsuccessfully to arrest van der Sloot a third time after a videotape surfaced on Dutch television . In it , van der Sloot tells a man he considered to be his friend that he had sex with Holloway on the beach after leaving the nightclub , then she "  started shaking " and lost consciousness . He said he panicked when he could not resuscitate her and called a friend who had a boat . The two put Holloway 's body in the boat , he said , and then he went home . The friend told him the next day that he had carried the body out and dumped it in the ocean . "  I did n't lose a minute of sleep over it , " van der Sloot said on the tape . Holloway 's mother , Beth Twitty , told ABC at the time that the video showed van der Sloot was "  not innocent . " But an Aruba court ruled there was not enough evidence to re-arrest him . Aruban prosecutors said authorities had met with van der Sloot in the Netherlands , but in a two-hour interview he denied any role in Holloway 's disappearance . Van der Sloot acknowledged to a Dutch television program he made the comments , but said he was lying . "  That is what he wanted to hear , so I told him what he wanted to hear , " he said . "  When -LSB- van der Sloot -RSB- really wants to tell the truth , -LSB- we hope -RSB- he will , " said Blanken , who took over as chief prosecutor in September . "  He did n't tell the truth -LSB- this time -RSB- . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Ex-suspect tells TV station he dumped Alabama teen 's body in swamp , Aruba prosecutor says But Joran van der Sloot 's alleged confession "  unbelievable , " prosecutor says Alabama teenager disappeared on trip to Aruba in May 2005 Nancy Grace has the latest breaking developments at 8 and 10 p.m. ET Tuesday on HLN
PENSACOLA , Florida  CNN  -- A fourth suspect has been arrested in the shooting deaths of a Gulf Coast couple known for adopting special-needs children , authorities said late Monday . Police say they have evidence that places Gary Lamont Sumner at the crime scene . Gary Lamont Sumner faces a murder charge for his alleged role in the deaths of Byrd and Melanie Billings on Thursday , Escambia County , Florida , Sheriff David Morgan said . Sumner was pulled over in a traffic stop in Okaloosa County Sunday and arrested after authorities found he matched a description put out by Escambia authorities . Police believe six to eight people were involved in the homicides , which occurred in the couple 's home in Beulah , west of Pensacola , near the Alabama state line . Watch surveillance video of the home invasion " The crime was "  a very well-planned and methodical operation , " Morgan said . Wayne Coldiron , 41 ; Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr. , 35 , and Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Sr. , 56 , were arrested over the weekend . Coldiron and the younger Gonzalez face charges of murder , robbery and residential home invasion ; the elder Gonzalez faces charges of evidence tampering for allegedly trying to disguise a vehicle spotted at the home . Morgan said at least three others are persons of interests in the investigation . "  We expect more arrests to be imminent , " Morgan told reporters . Both of the Billingses were shot multiple times , Morgan said , but he would not release further details on their deaths . Authorities released two surveillance tapes taken from the front and rear of the Billingses ' home . Each shows a vehicle pulling up to the property , and five people dressed in black and wearing masks entering the home through two entrances -- including through a utility door left unlocked , something Morgan said is not uncommon in the community . Authorities believe drivers remained in both of the cars . Investigators believe one motive in the deaths was robbery , but "  we believe there are other motives , " Morgan said . He would not say what , if anything , was taken from the home . Melanie Billings ' biological daughter , Ashley Markham , told reporters the couple initially had 17 children -- two biological children each for Byrd and Melanie Billings , with the rest adopted . Three have died over the years , she said . The couple had no biological children together . Watch Ashley Markham say , "  Love was never scarce " in Billings home " Morgan , however , said the couple had a total of 16 children , with two that have died and others that have grown older and no longer live in the Billingses ' home . Nine of the couple 's children were home at the time of the incident , Morgan said , and police believe three of them saw the intruders . One managed to flee the home and seek help at a neighbor 's house , the sheriff said . Coldiron and the younger Gonzalez were being held on $ 1 million bond , according to records posted on the sheriff 's Web site . The senior Gonzalez was being held on $ 250,000 bond . One of the first three arrested is believed to be the mastermind behind the crime , Morgan said , but would not say which one . Watch a report on the arrests in the complex case " Police also released a surveillance photo taken at a Wal-Mart in nearby Gulf Breeze , Florida , recently . Two of the people in the photo are Sumner and the younger Gonzalez , but authorities want to know who the other man is , Morgan said . The sheriff called the surveillance tapes "  chilling . " He noted the vehicles were at the home less than 10 minutes , and the five people were in the house less than four minutes . "  It leads me to believe that this was a very well-planned and methodical operation , " Morgan said . Watch experts describe the "  military-style " attack " Although the Billingses were well known in the community , the sheriff said authorities are still trying to unravel why they were targeted . He compared their deaths to the slaying of the Clutter family of Kansas , inspiration for Truman Capote 's novel "  In Cold Blood , " noting the Clutter murders were something the community struggled with for years . "  It will be a very long time , I believe , until we piece together the truth of why this family was selected , " Morgan said . Police believe the suspects might have bought the clothes they wore to the home and were reviewing surveillance tapes and photos from several stores , he said . Morgan said the crime 's complexity is frustrating for investigators , comparing it to a complicated mathematics or word problem that lacks complete information . "  It seems as though each phase we complete , while we answer a set of questions , it opens up an additional set of questions . " Earlier , he said the complete story , when revealed , is "  going to be a humdinger . " Asked whether the suspects entered the home planning to kill the couple , Morgan said authorities do not know . Markham said earlier the family does not know any of the three suspects . She said the children "  are coping very well " and are being cared for . "  They have n't asked too many questions , " she said , noting that several have disabilities . While the investigation continues , the family is keeping the children 's whereabouts a secret . CNN 's David Mattingly contributed to this report .	Gary Lamont Sumner faces murder charge in deaths of Byrd , Melanie Billings More arrests imminent , Escambia County county sheriff says Surveillance video shows 5 masked people storming home in Beulah , Florida Robbery a motive , but "  we believe there are other motives , " sheriff says
CNN  -- After becoming the first team to defend the European Championships , adding a second continental title to the World Cup won in 2010 , many observers have been quick to label Spain the greatest team in the history of international football . An emphatic 4-0 thrashing of Italy , the biggest margin of victory ever seen in a world or European final , continued a remarkable run which has seen Spain not concede a goal in a knockout match since the great Zinedine Zidane found the back of their net for France at the 2006 World Cup . Comparisons are now being drawn with teams like the Pele-inspired Brazil of the 1970 World Cup , which won six games at the tournament to become three-time world champions -- averaging 3.2 goals per game . So how do Spain , led by the "  illustrious " Vicente del Bosque and built around the Barcelona-bred midfield axis of Xavi and Andres Iniesta , stack up against the "  selecao " of 42 years ago , which featured icons like Pele , Jairzinho and Tostao ? "  A team who win back-to-back European titles , and a World Cup in the middle , have a very strong claim to being the best ever , " said World Soccer contributor and Brazilian football journalist Fernando Duarte . "  My pinch of salt would be the Brazil 1970 side , how many chances would they have had to play big tournaments ? The South American Championship  now the Copa America  was always poorly organized . " La Roja 's recent domination of international football has been underlined by goalkeeper and captain Iker Casillas , who , after Sunday 's final in Kiev , became the first player to record 100 wins in international football -- accumulated over 137 matches . Blog : Spain make compelling case as best team ever The Real Madrid goalkeeper 's importance to his country was apparent as Spain conceded just one goal en route to retaining their European crown -- Antonio di Natale 's strike for Italy when the two teams drew 1-1 in their opening Group C match . In contrast Mario Zagallo 's samba stars shipped seven goals in just six games in Mexico in 1970 . "  Spain have arguably one of the best goalkeepers to grace this world , " said Duarte . "  Iker Casillas is unbelievably good . He 's so good people now presume Spain has always produced good goalkeepers . "  Until the mid-1980s , Brazil were known for producing dodgy goalkeepers . Felix , the goalkeeper in 1970 , was bad . Even by the standards of Brazilians , people used to say he was n't the right guy . " But the success of Zagallo 's team was not built on defense . Instead it was made possible through an irrepressible attack which , in powerful forward Jairzinho , boasted one of only three players to have scored in every match of a World Cup tournament . Jairzinho 's goals , combined with the four scored by Pele and three from Rivelino , helped Brazil amass 19 in six World Cup matches , beating reigning champions England along the way . "  Jairzinho is a hero , " said Duarte . "  He is like the typical striker every European team would love to have . That guy was like a bulldozer . "  They had Pele , in his swansong after two very mediocre World Cups in 1962 and 1966 . They were a machine , a very efficient team . "  They could play the ball , they could do a lot of trickery . But on the other hand , they appealed to the Europeans because of the lack of ` samba ' or dribbling . They were pretty much a European team . " Duarte also points to the physical prowess of Zagallo 's 11 , who helped shatter traditional preconceptions regarding the strength and fitness of South American players -- culminating in a thumping 4-1 win over Italy in the 1970 final . "  Brazil showed up in Mexico City with a bunch of horses , " explained Duarte . "  Clearly they could play , but they were also fit . "  Italy beat West Germany in the semifinal and arrived in the final against Brazil tired , they were steamrollered by the Brazilians . Every second half in that competition , Brazil murdered everybody else . " The lasting appeal of this Brazil team , Duarte believes , is also linked to technology which allowed the 1970 World Cup to be beamed around the globe in color -- allowing viewers a first glimpse of the iconic yellow shirt . "  It was the first global World Cup . People sat in front of the television and watched it properly . "  No one remembers 1962 and outside of Europe people do n't really remember 1966 . It was a World Cup where TV technology was pretty much together . It was easier for people to see it . " Iniesta ` symbolized Euro 2012 success ' Taking into account all of the statistics , considering Spain 's domineering tiki taka possession-based style and Brazil 's "  jogo bonito , " which team will history remember as the better ? "  I would love to see them play against each other , " said Duarte . "  As a dynasty , Spain now are better . That Brazilian team was nothing like the team of four years earlier . The Spanish team has been largely the same since 2008 . "  Head-to-head , I think some differences have to be observed . Spain does n't have a Pele , they certainly do n't have a Carlos Alberto  the captain who scored the iconic fourth goal in the 1970 final -- widely regarded as the finest in history  . " The next World Cup will be hosted by Brazil , bringing back memories of when the South Americans held the tournament in 1950 , missing out on a first world crown by losing in the final match to Uruguay . "  The pressure of playing at home will be horrendous , " explained Duarte . "  Even in a meaningless match , if Brazil do n't score in the first five minutes the crowd start booing . Blog : Are Spain boring ? "  South American champions Santos played Barcelona  of Spain  in the Club World Cup final last year , and that 's one of the things which has Brazil scared . "  Santos were trounced and that sent shockwaves around Brazil . These guys were the basis of the Spanish team , and they just made fools of the best team in South America . " So is there any hope of Brazil lifting the World Cup trophy for a sixth time at a rebuilt Maracana stadium in two years ' time ? "  They have some very decent players emerging . Striker Neymar is a genius , you have players like attacking midfielder Ganso and playmaker Oscar , " Duarte said . "  I am sure they will have a very good team in 2014 . If you asked me right now , ` Will Brazil win the World Cup ? ' my answer is no . Can Brazil win it ? Yes , if things change . "	Many observers have labeled Spain the greatest team in the history of the game Spain have won three major successive international tournaments . Brazil 's 1970 World Cup winning team won all six games in Mexico Jairzinho scored in every match of the 1970 World Cup
Entertainment Weekly  -- With an unexpectedly big gross of $ 24.6 million , according to Sunday 's early estimates , Liam Neeson 's kidnapping thriller "  Taken " was the easy victor at the box office on this Super Bowl weekend . Liam Neeson stars in 20th Century Fox 's "  Taken , " which debuted at No. 1 this weekend . That 's a particularly impressive feat for a male-baiting film whose key audience has had plenty of distractions during this national football holiday frame . To be sure , the movie drew an A - CinemaScore review from a crowd that was nearly three-fifths men and 70 percent over the age of 25 -- an almost exact mirror of the big game 's core demographic . For Neeson , who has n't starred in a major Hollywood release since 2005 's "  Batman Begins " and "  The Chronicles of Narnia : The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe "  to which he lent his voice  , this is a nice turn of events , indeed : The $ 24.6 million premiere is the fifth best of his career , and , really , the top debut ever for a flick featuring him as a solo lead star . Certainly , "  Taken 's " weekend sum could decrease slightly after the Super Bowl is played tonight and the actual final Friday-to-Sunday box office figures are calculated , but the film has no chance of falling out of first place . That 's because its next closest competitor was two-time champ "  Paul Blart : Mall Cop , " which brought in $ 14 million and fell to No. 2 . With $ 83.4 million in the bank to date , the Kevin James comedy is basically assured of becoming the first 2009 release to gross $ 100 million . "  The Uninvited "  No. 3  was next , with a decent $ 10.5 million -- exactly the kind of first-weekend number that all Asian horror remakes seem to get these days . "  Hotel for Dogs "  No. 4 with $ 8.7 million  and "  Gran Torino "  No. 5 with $ 8.6 million  rounded out the top five .  At $ 110.5 million and counting , "  Gran Torino " is now the top-grossing movie of Clint Eastwood 's career . And the other big new release , the Renee Zellweger comedy "  New in Town " -- the kind of female-friendly counterprogramming that studio bigwigs typically expect to do well on weekends like this -- got little love at No. 8 , earning just $ 6.8 million . Among Best Picture nominees , "  Slumdog Millionaire " once again fared best , banking $ 7.7 million at No. 6 , while all the others fell outside of the top 10  i.e. they all banked less than about $ 3.7 million a piece  . That result is a tad disappointing for "  The Reader " and "  Milk , " as both movies expanded somewhat wide this weekend  they grossed $ 2.4 million and $ 1.4 million , respectively  . Overall , the cumulative box office was essentially flat with the same frame a year ago , when the Hannah Montana/Miley Cyrus concert film came out of nowhere to be the big winner . Just like the Arizona Cardinals will do tonight . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Liam Neeson 's kidnap thriller "  Taken " took home a big gross of $ 24.6 million "  Taken 's " weekend sum could decrease slightly after the Super Bowl "  Paul Blart : Mall Cop " brought in $ 14 million , falling to the No. 2 spot
Geneva , Switzerland  CNN  -- Iran appears keen to progress swiftly toward a deal reining back its nuclear program in return for relief from international sanctions that have crippled its economy , a senior U.S. administration official said Wednesday . She was speaking on the eve of a fresh round of talks scheduled for Thursday and Friday in Geneva between the five permanent -- and nuclear-armed -- members of the U.N. Security Council , along with Germany and Iran . "  For the first time , we believe Iran is ready to move this process forward quickly . For the first time , we 're not seeing them just use this as a way of buying time , " the senior U.S. administration official told journalists in a background briefing . "  I do see a potential for the outline of a first step . It can be written on a piece of paper or probably more than one . I hope this can be sooner rather than later , " she added , declining to answer questions whether that outline deal may be reached before the weekend . Opinion : Do we want a deal or a war ? Iran has consistently said its nuclear program is strictly for peaceful , civilian use and power generation . The United States accuses Iran of covertly developing a nuclear bomb . In its latest quarterly report published in August , the U.N. 's International Atomic Energy Agency suggested Iran 's nuclear program had "  possible military dimensions . " The United States and its negotiating partners -- Britain , France , Russia , China and Germany -- are looking to work out a two-phase deal with Iran , according to the official . So far , negotiators from all parties have declined to spell out specifics of any potential deal . However , the senior U.S. administration official spelled out that Iran would be required to take action regarding its nuclear program first in exchange for some initial relief from the international sanctions that have targeted Iran 's key oil sector and banking operations . Once that was in place , all sides would continue talking about what she termed a "  final deal . " "  We 're looking for a first step that stops Iran 's nuclear program moving forward for the first time in decades and that rolls parts of it back , " the senior U.S. administration official said . "  We 're prepared to offer limited , targeted and reversible sanctions relief . We 're not talking about changing the architecture of sanctions in this first step , " she explained . Sanctions have hit oil output hard In just the past two years , oil experts estimate international sanctions have forced Iran to cut its crude oil output from around 2.2 million barrels per day in 2011 to less than 900,000 barrels a day last year . Sanctions imposed on its banking sector and foreign currency exchange have also made it tough for Iran to pump earnings from its oil sales back into its economy at home , sparking a currency devaluation , inflation , unemployment and recession , economic analysts say . The senior U.S. administration official speaking in Geneva attributed Iran 's new willingness to compromise on its nuclear aspirations -- seen since this summer 's election of President Hassan Rouhani -- to the severity of those sanctions . "  We support sanctions . Sanctions have been instrumental on Iran coming to the table , to change the strategic calculus of Iran , " she said . Such comments , however , seem likely to irritate Iran 's negotiating team . Despite coming to the talks table , Teheran maintains its right to a peaceful , civilian nuclear program , including uranium enrichment . In comments published via Twitter in late September before previous talks , one of Iran 's lead negotiators , Foreign Minister Javad Zarif , wrote : "  Pres. Obama 's presumption that Iran is negotiating because of his illegal threats and sanctions is disrespectful of a nation , macho and wrong . " The U.S. Senate is due to debate a bill proposing stiffer new sanctions on Iran , including measures that could cut its oil output further . But the senior U.S. administration official said the government had asked Congress to hold off on a vote for now . "  We have asked Congress to pause  in its consideration of wider sanctions  , not indefinitely and not a long pause . Our diplomatic strategy must be in synch with Congress , " she said . What the negotiators want from Iran The parties involved have steadfastly refused to detail their negotiating stances publicly . But political analysts say some of the key demands from the P5 +1 revolve around Iran temporary halting all uranium enrichment activities and shipping stockpiles of more highly enriched uranium abroad for safekeeping . The United States and its international partners also want to impose a comprehensive inspections regime on all Iran 's nuclear-related facilities . Especially concerning are an underground enrichment plant at Fordo , near the holy city of Qom , that they believe could be a military facility , and a heavy water reactor at Arak , which weapons experts warn could be used to process weapons-grade plutonium . For its part , Iran wants an end to the economic and political sanctions imposed by the United Nations , the United States and the European Union . In comments reported by Iran 's state-run Press TV this week , Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi , also scheduled to play a lead role in this week 's talks , sounded caution on prospects for a deal . "  We have a tough road ahead . In Geneva , we will get into the details of the steps , and we hope to bring closer the views of both sides , which are -LSB- currently -RSB- far apart , " Araqchi said . Iran 's supreme leader ` not optimistic ' about nuclear talks The senior U.S. administration official acknowledged differences between the sides but sounded more optimistic . "  There are gaps between the two sides , which remain quite real . We 're coming to understand each other and to understand what the equation looks like , " she said . Enough processed uranium for a nuclear bomb ? In parallel with its talks with the P5 +1 group , Iranian officials have been meeting separately with IAEA representatives to try and allay their fears about Iran 's nuclear program . According to the IAEA 's August report , since declaring its nuclear facilities , Iran has enriched just less than 10 metric tonnes of uranium to 5 % purity , the grade used for energy generation . The IAEA estimates Iran has enriched around 370 kilograms to 20 % purity , further processing part of that for medical and research purposes and stockpiling about 185 kilograms . Some weapons experts suggest Iran could enrich enough uranium -- at 90 % purity -- for a single nuclear bomb within months . Others argue it could take more than a year . All appear to agree that so far , Iran has not shown signs of developing a weapons system to deliver such a warhead . Iran says it has no desire to build a bomb . Five of the nations negotiating in Geneva have nuclear weapons . According to the Washington-based Arms Control Association , the United States has around 5,000 nuclear warheads , Russia has around 4,500 , the United Kingdom an estimated 225 , China around 240 and France around 300 warheads . Israel , which is neither a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty nor has declared its own nuclear program , is estimated to have as many as 200 warheads , according to the ACA . Iran to relax visa requirements amid tourism boom	Senior U.S. official : "  We believe Iran is ready to move this process forward quickly " Talks set for Thursday and Friday in Geneva with Security Council , Germany and Iran Tough international sanctions have hobbled Iran 's oil-driven economy United States accuses Iran of covertly developing a nuclear bomb ; Iran denies this
CNN  -- The opening stage of the Tour de France in Corsica Saturday descended into chaos after a team bus became trapped under the finishing gantry in Bastia . As organizers desperately tried to free the bus , the 213km leg from Porto-Vecchio was initially shortened to finish at the three kilometers to go mark . With teams trying to bring their star sprinters to the front of the peloton earlier than expected , a big crash saw Britain 's Mark Cavendish and Slovakian Peter Sagan and some of the race favorites held up . At the same time , the bus , belonging to Australian team Orica GreenEdge was finally removed and the original finish line was reinstated . From the depleted pack , Germany 's Marcel Kittel won a frantic sprint to claim the stage honors for Argos Shimano -- his first win on the Tour de France . Orica GreenEdge 's Matt Goss took a tumble in that sprint to end his hopes with another top contender , Andre Greipel , the victim of a mechanical problem , to leave the way clear for the in-form Kittel to take the first yellow jersey of the 100th edition of the Tour . He edged out Norway 's Alexander Kristoff with Danny Van Poppel of the Vacansoleil team in third place . The bus incident also affected the race 's electronic timing function , but the official Tour de France website announced that because of the incident all the riders would be awarded the same time . Among the favorites for the overall classification , Team Sky 's Chris Froome emerged unscathed , but arch-rival Alberto Contador of the Saxo-Tinkoff team finished with a torn jersey and time trial specialist Tony Martin of Germany suffered a reported broken collarbone . Cavendish , who was looking to add to his 23 career stage wins in the Tour , was critical of organizers after seeing his hopes dashed in the crash . "  What caused the problems was changing the finish . We heard on the radio with literally five kilometers to go that the sprint was in two kilometers , and then one kilometer later they were like ` No , it 's at the original finish . ' It 's just carnage , " he said . The race continues Sunday with a 156 km second stage in Corsica from Bastia to Ajaccio .	Chaos on opening stage of Tour de France in Corsica Team bus becomes trapped under the finishing gantry Crash in the run to the finish claims Mark Cavendish , Peter Sagan and Alberto Contador Marcel Kittel of the Argos Shimano team wins the sprint to claim the yellow jersey
