CNN  -- Singer Nelly Furtado is trying to cross over in a direction many artists do n't ordinarily take . Singer Nelly Furtado says she enjoys diversity in music and broadening her fan base . With "  Mi Plan , " the Grammy Award-winning singer is taping into a brand new market and fan base , almost a decade after she came to fame in 2000 with the single "  I 'm Like a Bird . " While the Canadian-born singer -- whose parents are Portuguese -- has sung in Spanish before , "  Mi Plan " is the first time she has recorded an entire album in Spanish , a language she said she learned as a teen . It 's seems like a natural progression for Furtado , an artist often noted for diversity in her sound . A few years after her breakthrough , Furtado teamed up with superproducer Timbaland for her 2006 album "  Loose , " a collaboration that gained her scores of hip-hop and R&B fans as well , and spawned hits such as "  Promiscuous " and "  Say It Right . " "  Mi Plan " pairs her with a few Spanish-language music artists , including Alex Cuba , Juan Luis Guerra , Julieta Venegas and La Mala Rodriguez , as well as English-language artist Josh Groban . The first single off the album , "  Manos Al Aire , " made history as it marked the first time a North American artist reached No. 1 on Billboard 's Hot Latin Songs chart with a song that was originally written in Spanish , rather than a translated version of an English-language song . Furtado spoke with CNN about her passion for Spanish , why she feels like an artist reborn and the career path she hopes to take . CNN : What was the inspiration for the new album ? Nelly Furtado : There were so many inspirations . The language was the biggest inspiration . I 've sang so much in Spanish in the past , and also Portuguese . I get a lot of joy in singing in Latin languages . It expresses the Latin side of me . Watch Furtado talk about her new album " My parents were born in Portugal and they raised us in Canada . We grew up speaking Portuguese and then I learned Spanish at the age of 14 . I love being a multicultural artist , I love being a global artist . -LSB- The album -RSB- is almost like a literal reflection of that this time in the fact that it 's all in Spanish and it 's a completely original project written from scratch . CNN : So it 's all new ? Furtado : Yes . It feels like a rebirth of sorts . It 's almost like a parallel world where I get to reinvent myself again as an artist , but in a very whole kind of way . It 's been a lot of fun . CNN : You have such a loyal fan base . What do you hope they get from your latest project ? Furtado : Just because I have collaborated with so many different people with so many different styles of music that I think my sort of goal or mantra my whole career has been to broaden the minds of my fan base . This album is just an extension of that . I 'm an inclusive person and everyone is invited to the fiesta . I 'm excited because I am meeting brand new fans for the first time who do n't have any of my prior albums . Four albums in , it 's a tough job to try to attract new fans and I think that 's what I am doing with this new music . CNN : Did you consider it risky to do a Spanish-language album ? Furtado : I like to take risks . I live for risk taking and challenges . I just find it so much more exciting and it keeps my job entertaining and interesting . Everyone is looking for that next challenge at work . Everyone wants that extra credential on their business card . If it 's easy , it 's not fun . CNN : How is performing in Spanish different ? Furtado : When I express myself in Spanish or in Portuguese I feel very free . There are a lot of things you can say in a Spanish song that you ca n't say in an English song , especially from a feminine perspective . As a female , the moment you sing too passionately in English you are kind of labeled as an angry singer . In Spanish that does n't happen . You can be dramatic as you want and it 's accepted . So it 's liberating . CNN : There are a lot of Spanish-speaking artists who want to cross over into the English-language market . How does it feel to be doing the reverse ? Furtado : I think I 'm capitalizing a little bit on the inroads I have already made in the Latin world through working with other established Latin acts . I dabbled in Spanish on my third album . I had two records on there in Spanish and I really enjoyed writing them and playing them live . I 'm just going where my heart 's at and following the passions . CNN : What 's next for you ? Furtado : It 's interesting because when I got off the road from touring with my third album , "  Loose , " I was exhausted . I tried to write some songs in English and no inspiration really came to me . Then I started writing songs in Spanish and it started flowing , so this album has been like a medicine of sorts . I 'm so excited about music now . I ca n't wait to put out another project in English and further Spanish albums as well as Portuguese . The list is never-ending .	Nelly Furtado 's new album is sung completely in Spanish The singer worked with noted Latin artists on the project Furtado , whose parents are Portuguese , finds performing in Spanish "  liberating " First single made history on Billboard 's Hot Latin Songs chart
CNN  -- Radiation from cell phones can possibly cause cancer , according to the World Health Organization . The agency now lists mobile phone use in the same "  carcinogenic hazard " category as lead , engine exhaust and chloroform . Before its announcement Tuesday , WHO had assured consumers that no adverse health effects had been established . A team of 31 scientists from 14 countries , including the United States , made the decision after reviewing peer-reviewed studies on cell phone safety . The team found enough evidence to categorize personal exposure as "  possibly carcinogenic to humans . " What that means is they found some evidence of increase in glioma and acoustic neuroma brain cancer for mobile phone users , but have not been able to draw conclusions for other types of cancers "  The biggest problem we have is that we know most environmental factors take several decades of exposure before we really see the consequences , " said Dr. Keith Black , chairman of neurology at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles . The type of radiation coming out of a cell phone is called non-ionizing . It is not like an X-ray , but more like a very low-powered microwave oven . "  What microwave radiation does in most simplistic terms is similar to what happens to food in microwaves , essentially cooking the brain , " Black said . "  So in addition to leading to a development of cancer and tumors , there could be a whole host of other effects like cognitive memory function , since the memory temporal lobes are where we hold our cell phones . " Wireless industry responded to Tuesday 's announcement saying it "  does not mean cell phones cause cancer . " CTIA-The Wireless Association added that WHO researchers "  did not conduct any new research , but rather reviewed published studies . " The European Environmental Agency has pushed for more studies , saying cell phones could be as big a public health risk as smoking , asbestos and leaded gasoline . The head of a prominent cancer-research institute at the University of Pittsburgh sent a memo to all employees urging them to limit cell phone use because of a possible risk of cancer . "  When you look at cancer development -- particularly brain cancer -- it takes a long time to develop . I think it is a good idea to give the public some sort of warning that long-term exposure to radiation from your cell phone could possibly cause cancer , " said Dr. Henry Lai , research professor in bioengineering at University of Washington who has studied radiation for more than 30 years . Results from the largest international study on cell phones and cancer was released in 2010 . It showed participants in the study who used a cell phone for 10 years or more had doubled the rate of brain glioma , a type of tumor . To date , there have been no long-term studies on the effects of cell phone usage among children . "  Children 's skulls and scalps are thinner . So the radiation can penetrate deeper into the brain of children and young adults . Their cells are at a dividing faster rate , so the impact of radiation can be much larger . " said Black of Cedars-Sinai Medical Center . In February , a study by researchers at the National Institutes of Health , revealed radiation emitted after just 50 minutes on a mobile phone increases the activity in brain cells . The effects of brain activity being artificially stimulated are still unknown . Neurosurgeon and CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta says Tuesday 's announcement , "  dealt a blow to those who have long said , ` There is no possible mechanism for cell phones to cause cancer . ' By classifying cell phones as a possible carcinogen , they also seem to be tacitly admitting a mechanism could exist . " Manufacturers of many popular cell phones already warn consumers to keep their device away from their body and medical experts say there other ways to minimize cell phone radiation . The Apple iPhone 4 safety manual says users ' radiation exposure should not exceed FCC guidelines : "  When using iPhone near your body for voice calls or for wireless data transmission over a cellular network , keep iPhone at least 15 millimeters  5/8 inch  away from the body . " BlackBerry Bold advises users to "  keep the BlackBerry device at least 0.98 inch  25 millimeters  from your body when the BlackBerry device is transmitting . " The logic behind such recommendations is that the further the phone is from the body , the less radiation is absorbed . Users can also use the speakerphone function or a wired earpiece to gain some distance . Users can text instead of talk if they want to keep the phone away from their faces . Finally , cell phones emit the most radiation when they are attempting to connect to cellular towers . A moving phone , or a phone in an area with a weak signal , has to work harder , giving of more radiation . So users can avoid using their cell phones in elevators , buildings and rural areas if they want to reduce their exposure , experts say .	NEW : Experts say there are ways to minimize cell phone radiation It 's in the same "  hazard " category as lead , engine exhaust and chloroform Until now , WHO has said no adverse health effects have been established The cell phone industry maintains that there is no conclusive evidence of danger
Ukraine 's ousted President is a wanted man . He 's also a missing man . Viktor Yanukovych is not in Kiev . The mayor of Kharkiv , where Yanukovych was Saturday , says he has n't seen him in a few days . He 's also apparently not hiding in a bunker in a Ukrainian Orthodox monastery , a church spokesman said , swatting down the latest speculation . Ukraine 's onetime -- and , by his account , current -- President is facing a warrant for the "  mass killings " of civilians . Over the weekend , he fled to Kharkiv , a pro-Russian stronghold near the border . And he tried to board a charter plane in the eastern city of Donetsk but was turned away because he did n't have documents . In his last known public act , he delivered a televised speech Saturday from Kharkiv in which he rejected the parliament 's ouster and vowed to fight . "  I do n't plan to leave the country . I do n't plan to resign . I am the legitimate President , " he said Saturday in the televised broadcast . Critics were n't impressed . "  It 's a remarkable situation when the most sought-after character in the country is the President of Ukraine , who is hiding and doing everything to leave the country , to avoid responsibility , " opposition leader Vitali Klitschko said Monday . Yanukovych 's ouster and disappearance capped a weekend of dizzying developments after the parliament voted to oust Yanukovych as a concession to relentless protests , which led to the deadliest violence in the country since its independence 22 years ago . Former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , 53 , was freed from prison Saturday after 2 1/2 years , most of them spent in a detention hospital . Tymoshenko , a longtime opposition leader , has accepted an invitation for medical treatment in Germany , her press officer Marina Soroka said . She will be attending a European People 's Party summit there . On Monday , the Ukrainian Parliament continued work toward its goal of having a full interim government in place by Tuesday , naming a new chief prosecutor , security service chief and central bank head . Parliament had already named Speaker Oleksandr Turchinov to serve as acting President . He is a longtime ally of Tymoshenko 's . The head of Ukraine 's electoral commission , Konstantin Khivrenko , said the campaign to elect a new president will begin Tuesday , three months before the May 25 election date set by authorities . Russia 's Foreign Ministry criticized those elections Monday , saying Ukraine 's parliament was acting rashly , and accused lawmakers of discriminating against ethnic Russians by excluding them from the reform process . "  A course has been set for suppressing those who disagree in different regions of Ukraine with methods of dictatorship and terror , " the Foreign Ministry said . Some protesters gathered Monday outside the Ukrainian parliament shouting "  shame " in response to what they see as a lack of transparency on the part of lawmakers . Yanukovych 's decision to scrap a European Union trade deal in favor of one with Russia prompted the protests in November . Now , the country 's new leaders have made clear that Kiev 's return to European integration will be a priority . But in doing so , they risk losing the largess that the Kremlin had bestowed on Yanukovych . Taking no chances , interim Finance Minister Yury Kolobov proposed Monday that an international donor conference be held in the next two weeks . Ukraine , he said , will need $ 35 billion in foreign assistance by the end of 2015 . Yanukovych has traditionally looked upon eastern Ukraine , near Russia , as his traditional support base . Russian culture and language are predominant there . People in the east are suspicious of the Europe-leaning views of those in western Ukraine , who were at the heart of the protests against Yanukovych that filled central Kiev for months . The big question : How will Russian President Vladimir Putin respond ? He 's been Yanukovych 's chief ally , and Ukraine is in his backyard . Will he act militarily ? The U.S. has expressed support for the action of parliament . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry spoke with the Russian foreign minister Sunday and asked Russia not to use military force in the country , according to a senior State Department official . The State Department also warned U.S. citizens to defer all nonessential travel to Ukraine . "  We have been very clear that we support an independent and unified Ukraine and that the idea of separation or partition or division is not in the interest of the Ukrainian people , of the Ukrainian nation , of Europe , or Russia , or the United States , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters Monday . "  This is not a competition between East and West . This is not a restoration of the Cold War . This is about the Ukrainian people and their future , " he said . Up to speed : Uncertainty reigns in a divided Ukraine From prison to center stage for Tymoshenko What 's behind Ukraine 's political crisis ?	"  This is not a restoration of the Cold War , " White House spokesman says Russian Foreign Ministry accuses opposition of "  dictatorship and terror " Opposition leader says missing President is trying to "  avoid responsibility " Ousted President Viktor Yanukovych has n't been seen since Saturday
Nigeria 's embattled leader vowed Boko Haram 's abduction of hundreds of schoolgirls would be the terror group 's undoing , even as authorities admitted Thursday the girls likely have been separated and taken out of the country . President Goodluck Jonathan 's statements come amid mounting international outrage over the mass abduction and the government 's largely ineffective effort to subdue Boko Haram . "  By God 's grace , we will conquer the terrorists . I believe the kidnap of these girls will be the beginning of the end for terror in Nigeria , " Jonathan said at the opening of the World Economic Forum meeting in Nigeria 's capital city of Abuja . He also acknowledged the offers of help from the United States , Britain , China and France , all of which have offered help in the weeks-old search for the girls who were snatched in mid-April from their beds at an all-girls school in rural northeastern Nigeria . But the task of recovering the girls appeared to grow more complicated with news that U.S. intelligence believe the 276 girls have been split up . "  We do think they have been broken up into smaller groups , " U.S. Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Pentagon press secretary , said . He declined to detail how U.S. officials came to the conclusion . It is a sentiment that has been echoed by a number of others , who believe the girls already have been moved out of Nigeria and into neighboring countries . "  The search must be in Niger , Cameroon and Chad , to see if we can find information , " former UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown , the U.N. 's special envoy for global education , told CNN . "  It 's vital to use the information to find the girls before they are dispersed across Africa , which is a very real possibility . " The girls have not been seen since Boko Haram militants abducted them on April 14 from the Government Girls Secondary School in rural Chibok , about 80 miles  130 kilometers  west of Maiduguri and some 600 miles from the capital of Abuja . That was followed on Sunday night by another kidnapping , with villagers in Warabe accusing Boko Haram militants of taking at least eight girls between the ages of 12 and 15 . Boko Haram leader takes a new tact Boko Haram 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , took credit in a video that surfaced this week for the mass kidnappings . "  I abducted your girls , " he taunted in the video , first obtained by Agence France Presse . "  There is a market for selling humans . Allah says I should sell . He commands me to sell . " Shehu Sani , a former negotiator between Boko Haram and the government , believes the group targeted the girls to force concessions from the Nigerian government -- beginning perhaps with the release of its followers from prisons . "  The fact Shekau said he would sell the girls and did not say he would kill them is a clear indication that negotiation is possible . Shekau 's video is not going to be the last word from the group on the girls , " he said . Now , Boko Haram may be going after those trying to find the girls . On Thursday , Nigerian police said one officer was shot in the neck during a gunfight with suspected members of the group on the road between Maiduguri and Chibok . And on Monday , Boko Haram attacked Gamboru Ngala , a remote state capital near Nigeria 's border with Cameroon that has been used as a staging ground for troops in the search for the girls . Some of the at least 310 victims were burned alive . The assault fits a pattern of revenge-seeking by Boko Haram against those perceived to disagree with the group or those who have provided aid to the Nigerian government . ` Time is of the essence ' The Nigerian government has been under fire by those who say government officials failed to take action in the hours and then days after the girls were abducted . Jonathan , who waited three weeks before speaking to the nation on the matter , and his security ministers have defended the response , saying efforts were under way but could not be disclosed publicly . Nigeria appeared this week to admit it needed help , accepting offers of assistance from world leaders . The United States was among a number of nations who repeatedly offered assistance to Nigeria in recent weeks , Kirby said . "  In a hostage situation , time is of the essence , " Kirby said . " ... We lost some time . " The United States is sending a team of law enforcement experts and military advisers . France said Thursday that it would send a "  specialized team " to help . The British government is also sending a small team , Prime Minister David Cameron 's office said . Neither country said exactly what expertise their teams would bring . British satellites and advanced tracking capabilities also will be used , and China has promised to provide any intelligence gathered by its satellite network , the Nigerian government said . Seven members of the U.S. military are scheduled to arrive Friday in Nigeria to join a team of advisers supporting the Nigerian efforts to rescue the girls , Kirby said . Right now , there are no plans to send U.S. combat troops , he said . Nigeria 's top security officials appealed to the public for help during a visit to the Chibok school on Thursday , according to a statement released by Nigeria 's director of defense information . The chief of defense , Air Marshal Alex S. Badeh , called on members of the immediate community to provide security agencies with useful information that will lead to the rescue of the girls . Boko Haram , which translates to "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language , has said it wants a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Africa 's most populous nation . The militants have even been known to kill Muslim clerics who dare criticize them . The United States has branded Boko Haram a terror organization and has put a $ 7 million bounty on Shekau . Nigerian police also announced a reward of about $ 310,000 for information leading to the girls ' rescue . Why has n't the rescue effort produced results ? Why terror group kidnaps schoolgirls , and what happens next 6 reasons why the world should demand action	Former negotiator believes Boko Haram targeted girls to force concessions Nigerian security chiefs call on those with information about the girls to come forward Search must expand to Niger , Cameroon and Chad , a U.N. official says France joins United States , Britain , China in search for girls abducted by group
CNN  -- Peanut butter makers not affected by the deadly salmonella outbreak linked to a Georgia peanut plant are trying to get consumers to keep buying peanut butter . It could be an uphill battle . J.M. Smucker Co. wants to assure consumers that its Jif brand of peanut butter is safe to eat . Companies such as ConAgra Foods Inc. and J.M. Smucker Co. have started running ads and offering coupons , trying to lure peanut butter customers as sales have plunged at least 20 percent since the salmonella outbreak . Eight people have died and nearly 600 have been sickened in the outbreak . The original peanut butter recall launched weeks ago has expanded to include more than 1,000 products . On ConAgra 's Web site , a letter assures customers that the company 's peanut butter is safe . "  ConAgra Foods , the maker of Peter Pan Peanut Butter , has confirmed that none of the ingredients used to make Peter Pan Peanut Butter come from Peanut Corporation of America , the company linked to the government 's current salmonella investigation , " the letter says . "  We are extremely confident in the safety protocols . " J.M. Smucker , maker of Jif peanut butter , had a similar message for customers . "  Our Smucker 's peanut butter brand and peanut butter products are safe for consumption . The J.M. Smucker Company does not purchase peanuts or any ingredients from Peanut Corporation of America , " its Web site says . The Peanut Corporation of America is under investigation by the Food and Drug Administration , and the FBI searched its Blakely , Georgia , plant on Monday , CNN affiliate WALB-TV in Albany , Georgia , reported . Americans have shied away from peanut butter despite the FDA 's assurances that major-label peanut butter in grocery stores is safe . Watch a senator express outrage at the outbreak " "  With eight dead and almost 600 sick , it 's a time to be prudent , " said Dr. Douglas Powell , an associate professor of food safety at Kansas State University , which is the home of the International Food Safety Network . There 's another problem , Powell said : "  None of these companies are really coming out and saying this is what we do to ensure safety . They say , ` Yeah , we test for salmonella . ' But are those tests public ? They 're not . " Shoppers are wary because they do n't know which products are safe , he said . Tainted peanut butter and peanut paste were shipped by Peanut Corporation of America to institutions such as schools , nursing homes and prisons , not to grocery stores . But that is n't preventing consumers from playing it safe . Powell said he understands . "  If you 're a parent packing a lunch and you have all the hectic things going on in the morning , is it really realistic to say , hey , before you put that peanut snack cracker individually wrapped item into your kid 's lunch , you 're going to go onto the Internet and check a Web site ? I think that 's a bit much . I think it 's prudent to avoid this stuff until we see where this is going , " he said .	Makers of Peter Pan and Jif distance firms from salmonella contamination Companies assure public they do n't use products from suspect plant Retail peanut butter sales have dropped 20 percent since salmonella outbreak
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Tensions were high Friday night around Lebanon , hours after a top Lebanese intelligence official known for his anti-Syrian stance and at least two others were killed in a massive explosion in normally peaceful neighborhood of Beirut . Gunfire erupted in the capital and enraged citizens blocked roads after the blast , which left Brig. Gen. Wissam al-Hassan dead and heightened fears that Syria 's civil war could boil over into neighboring Lebanon . In Sidon , people shouted , blocked city streets and burned tires in protest , according to CNN iReporter Ernesto Altamirano . The friction turned to violence in other spots , including clashes in the seaside Lebanese city of Tripoli between supporters and foes of Syria 's government . Saad Hariri , a Lebanese opposition leader and former prime minister , told CNN that he had no doubt who was responsible for the bloody car bombing : Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . He accused the Syrian leader of "  killing his own people " and said "  he will not think twice " about killing Lebanese in order to protect himself . "  The message from Damascus today is anywhere you are , if you are against the regime from Lebanon , we will come and get you , " said Hariri , who blames the 2005 assassination of his father , former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , on Syria 's government . "  No matter what you try to do , we will keep on assassinating the Lebanese . " The blast took place during Friday afternoon rush hour in East Beirut 's cosmopolitan Ashrafiyeh district , a predominantly Christian and populous area replete with shops , churches and office buildings . The neighborhood is considered among the safest in the city , said Aram Nerguizian , who teaches around the block from the attack site . The huge blast shattered this peace -- spurring panicked and tearful residents to pour out of their apartments , with some carrying victims to nearby ambulances . The bomb 's impact created a crater near Sassine Square , tore balconies off apartments , left rows of mangled cars and charred buildings , and shook the windows in CNN 's offices , about a 10-minute drive from the scene . Photos : Aftermath of Beirut blast At least one car was engulfed in flames , blackened wreckage littered the street , and windows were blown out . The exact casualty count was unclear : Lebanon 's National News Agency said eight people died and more than 90 were injured , but it later amended the figure to at least three deaths and 110 injuries . Reports said al-Hassan was among the dead . And a Lebanese political source who did not want to be named told CNN it was 99 % confirmed that al-Hassan had been killed . "  There is an unrecognizable body found , and they have found his personal belongings at the scene , " the source said . The intelligence official 's killing brought a sense of deja vu to Lebanese , recalling the 2005 assassination of Rafik Hariri , which triggered the end of Syria 's occupation of Lebanon , and the turmoil that followed . Brig. Gen. Wissam al-Hassan a pivotal , ` polarizing ' figure Al-Hassan , the chief of the Internal Security Forces Information Branch , was a powerful Sunni Muslim figure aligned with a political movement that emerged after Rafik Hariri 's assassination and opposes Syria 's government under al-Assad . He was also leading an investigation into a Lebanese politician accused of working with two Syrian officials to plan attacks inside Lebanon . That former minister and member of parliament , Michel Samaha , is in jail awaiting trial after being accused of trying to arm and form an armed group to spread sectarian violence in Lebanon by plotting political and religious assassinations . Two Syrian security officers also have been charged in the case . "  Unfortunately , today , al-Hassan paid the price for his success , " Saad Hariri said . His brother Ahmed Hariri , a top party official in the March 14 movement opposition bloc , said in a press conference that he holds Lebanon 's government responsible for inadequate security and not doing more to prevent the blast . He urged Lebanese Prime Minister Najib Mikati and his government to resign immediately . Mikati declared Saturday a day of national mourning in decrying the "  abominable crime " in a statement . But his failure to appear publicly after the explosion elicited criticism , including from one protester in Beirut who said , "  This government is killing us by not doing anything . It is not acting like a government . It is like a ghost government . " Human rights groups , foreign governments and world leaders condemned the attack , demanded justice and called for calm in the volatile Middle East nation . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , for instance , urged "  all Lebanese parties not to be provoked by this heinous terrorist act and to maintain their commitment to national unity . " The Shiite militant and political movement Hezbollah -- which has a prominent role in Lebanon 's government and which the U.S. government labels a terrorist organization -- also criticized the blast , which it described as a "  sinful attempt to target the stability and national unity . " Syria called the attack a cowardly , "  unjustifiable " terrorist act . Yet some , including Saad Hariri and Andrew Tabler of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , are not convinced , believing Damascus is responsible either directly or indirectly for the bombing . Many Lebanese believe al-Assad wants to promote instability in Lebanon and elsewhere to turn attention away from the 19-month long civil war in his country . Lebanon is still recovering from its own 15-year civil war , which ended in 1990 . Since then , the country has been plagued by assassinations and sectarian tension among Sunnis , Shiites , Christians and others . "  An event like this can increase the risks of Sunni-Shiite conflict in urban centers like Beirut , " Nerguizian said . "  It could be a harbinger for more instability . " CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh and Mohammed Jamjoom reported from Beirut . CNN 's Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Saad Abedine , Amir Ahmed , Nada Husseini and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	NEW : Prime Minister Mikati declares a day of mourning , but one man says action is needed The blast in an East Beirut commercial district leaves mangled cars and charred buildings The slain security official led a probe of a man accused of arming would-be assassins There are fears the attack could spur more violence between Shiite and Sunni Muslims
CNN  -- She was only crowned Miss Universe Thailand on Saturday but Weluree "  Fai " Ditsayabut has already become caught up in the political crisis engulfing her country , after comments were found on her Facebook page referring to pro-government demonstrators as "  dirty , " "  evil activists " that should "  all be executed . " According to news site Khaosod English , the 22-year-old has often published scathing comments about the "  red shirt " movement on her Facebook page , which now appears to have been deleted . "  I am not neutral . I am on the side of His Majesty the King , " Weluree said in a comment from November , Khaosod English reported . "  I 'm so angry at these evil activists . They should all be executed . " Weluree reportedly said Thailand would be cleaner if the "  dirty " red shirts left the country . Pro-government supporters have questioned Weluree 's pageant victory on popular online forums and social media sites . A Facebook page in protest of her winning the competition had over 10,000 "  likes " on Monday -- although some users criticized her appearance and claimed she won because of her connections , rather than raising concerns about her anti-red shirt comments . The deputy director of Human Rights Watch 's Asia division , Phil Robertson , condemned Weluree 's remarks on Twitter . "  Perhaps  a  better title is Miss Politically Divided #Thailand ? Shameful when beauty queens are calling for executions , " he wrote . Weluree -- an actress , talk show host , and English student -- apologized Monday for the remarks in an interview on Thailand 's Channel 3 . "  I was careless . I was young . I did it recklessly , " she said . "  It wo n't happen again . " Weluree beat the pageant favorite Pimbongkod "  Ellie " Chankaew who placed second in Saturday 's competition . The pageant organizers have not responded to the controversy , nor have the leaders of the pro-government movement . Thailand 's political turmoil began in November when the government attempted to pass a controversial amnesty bill that would have cleared the way for the return of then-prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra 's brother , Thaksin , to politics . The former prime minister and tycoon has been living in self-imposed exile to avoid a corruption conviction after being overthrown in a military coup in 2006 . Since November , the People 's Democratic Reform Committee has led anti-government protesters , who are mostly middle-class royalists , in calling for Yingluck 's government to be replaced with an unelected "  people 's council . " Competing rallies have been held by pro-government supporters , many of whom come from the country 's rural north and northeast and view Shinawatra 's ouster as a "  judicial coup . " Yingluck was found guilty of abuse of power and removed from office along with several cabinet ministers on May 7 , and indicted by Thailand 's anti-graft body . If the Senate votes to impeach her , she could be banned from politics for five years . Monday marks a particularly sensitive day for the red shirt movement as the anniversary of a military crackdown that left more than 90 people dead and thousands injured in 2010 . Army chief issues warning as violence returns to Bangkok Protesters descend on Thai capital seeking government 's ouster CNN 's Karla Cripps and Tim Hume contributed to this report .	Thai beauty queen accused of hateful comments against pro-government protesters Weluree Ditsayabut won the Miss Universe Thailand beauty pageant Saturday On Facebook , she reportedly called for red shirt supporters to be "  executed " Weluree has apologized for the "  careless " remarks
Rome  CNN  -- Nazi war criminal Erich Priebke , who was serving a life sentence for his role in the massacre of hundreds at Italy 's Ardeatine Caves in 1944 , has died , his lawyer said Friday . Priebke , 100 , spent the last years of his life under house arrest in Rome . He left behind a video interview , lawyer Paolo Giachini said , though its contents were not immediately available . Priebke was sentenced to life in prison by an Italian court in 1998 for helping organize the March 24 , 1944 , execution of 335 men and boys in retaliation for partisan attacks on German troops . Among those said to have been killed were members of the Italian resistance movement , resistance sympathizers and Jews . After the war , he managed to flee to Argentina , where he lived as a free man for half a century before being extradited to face trial in Italy . Dubbed the "  butcher of the Ardeatine Caves " after his extradition , Priebke long maintained he was only following orders that came directly from Berlin . Because of his age at the time of his conviction , Priebke was allowed to serve his time under house arrest , and was even able to leave home each day to work at the office of a lawyer . Giachini , the attorney , said there were plans for Priebke to be buried near his late wife at an undisclosed location in Argentina . But Argentina 's Foreign Ministry said Friday it will will not accept the remains . "  Foreign Minister Hector Timerman has given orders to not accept any process that will permit the body of Nazi criminal Erich Priebke access to our country , " the ministry said in a post on its Twitter account . "  The Argentines will not accept this type of affront to human dignity . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Argentina says it will not allow Priebke to be buried within its borders Erich Priebke was under house arrest at the time of his death He was sentenced to life in prison for war crimes He was convicted for his role in the massacre of 335 people in 1944
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra said Wednesday he was not the leader of the United Front for Democracy , the formal name of the Red Shirt opposition , and that their movement calling for new elections is not on his behalf . "  They did not demand anything for me or on my behalf . I am not UDD leader , " he said . " Any negotiation to end the demonstration or conflict must be made between the government and UDD leaders . I have no authority to negotiate on behalf of the UDD . " The anti-government protesters support Thaksin , who was ousted in a 2006 bloodless military coup and who fled the country to avoid a corruption trial . In a statement , Thaksin accused the Thai government of defaming him when it said he was the mastermind behind the violence in the country 's ongoing political crisis . "  I never approve nor agree to any use of violence , " he said . "  I believe in peace . I love my country as much as any member of this government . I believe in peaceful and non-violent means to end conflict and reject any use of force . If there is any act of terrorism , it is the duty of this government to find the wrongdoer and prosecute them in the court of law . " He urged the government to not resort to violence to disperse the protesters . "  The government should be mindful that these protesters are Thai citizens . Please do not harm them . Please order the cease fire and begin the negotiation with the UDD leaders so there will be no more loss of life , " he said .	Thaksin : "  The government should be mindful that these protesters are Thai citizens " Anti-government protesters support Thaksin who was ousted in 2006 coup He fled country to avoid a corruption trial
Bill Cosby is returning to NBC with a new sitcom , a network representative told CNN on Wednesday night . The comedian will play the patriarch of a multigenerational family . The show brings the 76-year-old comedian back to the same network where his groundbreaking 1980s sitcom "  The Cosby Show " had an eight-year run . "  The Cosby Show " portrayed an upper-middle-class African-American family , and it 's credited with helping revive NBC 's fortunes and blazing a path for other shows featuring African-Americans . Cosby played Dr. Heathcliff Huxtable , the patriarch of that TV family . Phylicia Rashad played his wife , Clair . She would play his wife for a second time on the 1990s CBS sitcom , simply called "  Cosby . " Cosby 's career is in its fifth decade . He started out performing stand-up comedy in small clubs in Greenwich Village in New York . He eventually landed a pivotal co-starring role in the 1960s television series "  I Spy , " where he was the first-ever African-American lead in a weekly dramatic series . He won three best actor Emmy Awards for the role of undercover CIA Agent Alexander Scott . Cosby received Kennedy Center Honors in 1998 and was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2002 . He most recently received the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor , which is awarded to performers who use comedy to influence American society . The best Cosby sweater of all ?	Bill Cosby starred in the ground-breaking 1980s sitcom "  The Cosby Show " He broke the color barrier with a starring role in the 1960s TV series "  I Spy " Cosby won three best actor Emmy Awards for the role He was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2002
DONETSK , Ukraine  CNN  -- A frail Irene Famulak clutched her brother on the airport tarmac , her arm wrapped around him in a tight embrace , tears streaming down their faces . It was the first time since 1942 they had seen each other , when she was 17 and he was just 7 . Siblings Wssewolod Galezkij and Irene Famulak were separated in 1942 when Nazis took her to a labor camp . That was the night the invading Nazis came to take her away from her Ukrainian home . "  I remember it well because I kissed him good-bye , and he pushed me away , " she said of her brother . "  I asked , ` Why did you do that ? ' And he said that he does n't like kisses . " "  The Nazis told my mother that I was being taken to work in a German labor camp for six months . But it was , of course , much longer . I was there for years . " Both siblings survived the Holocaust and grew up on different sides of the Iron Curtain , not knowing the fate of the other . But after 66 years apart , Famulak , 83 , was reunited with her long lost 73-year-old brother , Wssewolod Galezkij . They held each other close this time , cherishing the moment . Watch siblings hug for first time in seven decades " "  I do n't believe anyone has ever known such happiness . Now , I truly believe I can die satisfied , " Galezkij said . Famulak made the long journey to Donetsk in eastern Ukraine from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , after being contacted by the American Red Cross . The organization told her they had located her only surviving sibling . Famulak said she spent World War II in a labor camp in Munich , Germany , working in the kitchens . She had been taken to the camp with her older sister . When it was liberated in 1945 , Famulak stayed in Germany for several years , eventually emigrating to the United States in 1956 . She never saw her parents again after that day in 1942 when Nazis separated her from her family . She and her brother still have no idea what happened to their mother and father . Some of their siblings lived through the war , but later died ; others , they never heard from again after being separated . But her younger brother never gave up hope of tracking his sister down . He , too , was sent to a German labor camp , but after the war , he moved back to Ukraine , then a republic of the Soviet Union . See photos of the "  needle in haystack " reunion " Under Soviet leader Josef Stalin , information on lost relatives was kept sealed , and Galezkij said it was n't until reforms in the late 1980s , followed by the Soviet collapse , that he started making progress in finding his sister . Even then , it took him more than 17 years to locate her in the United States . He broke down in tears as he spoke of his overwhelming happiness at finding her . "  When the Red Cross told me they had found her in America , it was such a joy , " he said , sobbing . In fact , he had to be taken to the hospital because he was so overcome when he first learned she was alive . At this week 's reunion , there was a doctor on hand at the airport as a precaution . Back in the United States , there were tears , too . Linda Klein , the director of the American Red Cross Holocaust and War Victims Tracing Center , said the volunteer who helped the siblings find each other got caught up in the emotion herself . "  When I showed her the picture , she stood there and wept , " Klein said . "  She was beside herself . " Klein 's group has reunited 1,500 families since it began work in 1990 . She said the former Soviet Union released records in 1989 of concentration camps it liberated , greatly helping organizers find information on Holocaust victims . The organization has 100 volunteers -- a third of them Holocaust survivors , Klein said . The group also helps families find information about their loved ones who died during the Holocaust . They have brought together more than 50 families this year . All of their work is free . She says it 's often like "  looking for a needle in a haystack . " "  We 're playing beat the clock right now , " she said , adding , "  It 's about families that one day they were together and then they were apart . " "  When a connection is made , there are just smiles all around . " That was the case for this family in Ukraine . Years of trauma , of separation , of not knowing what happened to loved ones , have been replaced by celebration . In a picturesque orchard overlooking rolling fields , Galezkij , his wife and their neighbors laid out a feast for his American sister . As the vodka flowed , he told her how he had survived for a lifetime without her . "  He says he always thought he 'd see me someday . He dreamt lots about me , " Famulak said , as she sat next to her brother . "  And he wrote a song for me . When he went to sleep , he sang every night and cried . " With that , Galezkij , weakened by illness and age , burst into song . But this time , he sang the words with pure joy . CNN 's Michael Sefanov and Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	Brother , sister meet for first time since 1942 , when Nazis separated them Brother in Ukraine never stopped searching : "  Now I truly believe I can die satisfied " An American Red Cross volunteer helped bring them together Even after all this time , the siblings do n't know what happened to their parents
Baghdad  CNN  About 75 % of the besieged Iraqi city of Tikrit is now back in government control , the head of a key paramilitary force taking part in the attack told CNN on Thursday . The other 25 % is in the hands of about 150 ISIS fighters who continue to hold out , said Main Al-Kadhimi , commander of the Hashd Al-Shaabi militia . There has been no independent confirmation of such a significant advance by the Iraqi forces . But they have been making progress in recent days . ISIS ' spokesman , Abu Mohammed al Adnani , called reports of coalition-member victories "  delusional and fake . " He spoke of the coalition 's use of fighter jets , heavy artillery and tanks , saying it is a "  nightmare and will go eventually . " On Wednesday , joint Iraqi forces gained control of Tikrit Military Hospital , a few blocks south of the presidential palace . It 's part of their ongoing quest to wrest control from ISIS , which captured the city last year . The predominantly Shiite militia has been working with Iraqi troops as well as Sunni fighters to try to regain Tikrit . Tikrit , best known to Westerners as the birthplace of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein , fell in June to ISIS , which has captured large areas of Iraq and Syria for what it says is its Islamic caliphate . On March 1 , Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to retake Tikrit and Salaheddin province . ISIS was n't making it easy , however . The Sunni extremist group blew up a key bridge near Tikrit , preventing the joint Iraqi forces from using it to cross the Tigris River to approach the city from the east . Nevertheless , forces have made progress , forcing ISIS fighters to retreat toward the city center from front-line positions , Hashd Al-Shaabi 's media office said . There have been several failed attempts to recapture Tikrit since the second half of 2014 . If Iraq regains control of the city , it could mean that retaking Mosul -- a city 10 times bigger -- is possible . The Tikrit offensive involves around 30,000 fighters . Also assisting is Iran , which has provided advisers , weapons and ammunition to the Iraqi government . According to the Pentagon , Iranians may be operating heavy artillery and rocket launchers as well . Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , told a hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Wednesday that the consensus was that Iran 's involvement was positive in military terms . "  Anything anyone does to counter ISIS is in the main a good outcome , " he said . But Dempsey also voiced concern over what might happen after ISIS is defeated . A key question , he said , is "  whether the government of Iraq will remain on a path to provide an inclusive government for all of the groups " in Iraq . Tikrit could act as an important testing ground , with some observers concerned that if the predominantly Shiite militias seize control , thanks in part to the support of majority-Shiite Iran , they could carry out reprisal attacks against the remaining Sunni population there . Such attacks could inflame already simmering sectarian tensions within Iraq and make future efforts to retake Mosul and bring peace to the country yet more difficult . In a possible sign of the problems to come , a number of posts on social media appear to show Iraqi soldiers in extremely graphic "  selfies " with the heads of alleged ISIS militants , or striking odd poses with bodies behind them . Most of the photos are thought to have been taken during the Iraqi military offensive to retake Tikrit and other areas in Salaheddin province , which started 10 days ago . Two senior security officials in Samarra told CNN , on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to speak to media , that they are looking into these claims and they are also investigating similar incidents . They did not confirm or deny the authenticity of the images . Anthony Cordesman , a security expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said sectarian division was an issue to be "  extremely concerned " about as Iraqi forces gain ground in Tikrit . "  It 's already been very clear to Iraqis that this is an Iranian-led operation and not one which has the support of the coalition , " he said . As some Iraqis question why the United States has not taken more decisive action , he said , "  this may be a case where Iran may be gaining very serious influence . " If there are reprisals in Tikrit and it becomes a "  Shiite-on-Sunni struggle , " Cordesman said , then not only will Iran 's influence increase "  but you can see the country divide and Islamic State  ISIS  be replaced by a conflict between Iraqi Shiite and Sunni . " Strong leadership will be needed from the government in Baghdad , headed by al-Abadi , militia leaders and senior religious figures to prevent this outcome , he said , with a lot already being done on this front . The top Iraqi Shiite cleric , Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani , he said , "  very clearly says that Iraqis must act as Iraqis , not divide along sectarian lines . " The challenge will be ensuring that fighters on the ground , some angered by the killings of their relatives by ISIS , do not seek vengeance against Sunni communities whom they suspect of supporting the group . While Iraqi forces piled the pressure on ISIS in Tikrit , the Sunni extremist group continued to flex its muscles in Iraq 's western Anbar province , where it is finding a support base among the predominantly Sunni population . More than 40 Iraqi soldiers were killed when ISIS blew up the Iraqi army headquarters just outside Ramadi , an Anbar provincial leader told CNN on Thursday . Militants dug a tunnel and detonated hundreds of homemade explosives , said Sabah Al-Karhout , head of the Anbar Provincial Council . ISIS launched a new offensive on Ramadi , west of Baghdad , on Wednesday morning , Faleh al-Issawi , the deputy head of the council , said in a statement . The city is being attacked "  from all directions , " with ISIS firing more than 150 mortar rounds and rockets , he said , and explosives-laden vehicles used to attack security checkpoints and a bridge . Officials believe "  this is an ISIS response to the Tikrit operation that is ongoing in the north , " al-Issawi said . U.S.-led coalition forces carried out 13 airstrikes in Iraq between Wednesday and Thursday morning , a statement said . Five hit ISIS targets near Kirkuk , and three struck ISIS units and a vehicle near Falluja . Elsewhere in Anbar province , Iraqi security forces have managed to wrest back most of the town of Karma , near Falluja , from ISIS , said Sabah Al-Karhout , the head of the Anbar Provincial Council , on Wednesday . Iraqi security forces were fighting side by side with Shiite Hashd Al-Shaabi units and local tribesmen , Al-Karhout said . ISIS is also battling in many places far from Tikrit , including Syria , where the militant group is more on the offensive , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based monitoring group . Clashes continued Thursday between the Kurdish People 's Protection Units , or Kurdish YPG , and ISIS fighters in Ras al Ayn , a Syrian strategic border town with Turkey , the Syrian Observatory said in a statement . Hundreds of ISIS militants launched a large-scale offensive Wednesday in the town , the group said . Dozens have been killed from both sides . CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Baghdad , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Hamdi Alkhshali , Kareem Khadder and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	ISIS tunnels under Iraqi army headquarters ; explosions kill dozens of soldiers Iraqi officials say they are investigating claims of abuses by soldiers after photos emerge ISIS has launched a major assault on the city of Ramadi , an official says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Dr. Bernadine Healy ca n't even count the number of women who 've complained to her about how tough it is to make the decision about hormone replacement therapy . A 2002 study found HRT made women more vulnerable to health problems including heart attacks and strokes . "  Women say , ` Oh it used to be so simple . Now it 's so complex , ' " says Healy , a cardiologist and former director of the National Institutes of Health . "  And I tell them , ` Yes , it used to be so simple because it was wrong . ' " This is what she means : Before 2002 , it was practically standard operating procedure to put women on synthetic hormones as soon as they reached menopause .  "  We were putting them in the drinking water , " jokes Healy .  . But that turned out to be not such a great idea . A study in 2002 found that hormone replacement therapy , or HRT , made women more vulnerable to heart attacks , strokes , breast cancer and blood clots . In droves , doctors yanked their patients off the hormones . Six years later , Healy and others are pleading for a middle ground -- a world where doctors do n't paint women with a broad brush , but instead consider the medical needs of each individual woman . The stumbling block to this middle ground is that patients often do n't know what are good  and bad  reasons to go on HRT . And it 's not just the patients who do n't know . "  A lot of the doctors are confused as well , " says Dr. Wulf Utian , executive director of the North American Menopause Society and a consultant in obstetrics and gynecology at the Cleveland Clinic . But there 's some good news in this hormonal mess . Since 2002 , a consensus has developed among the experts about legitimate and not-so-legitimate reasons for considering HRT . Here are the big five legitimate reasons : 1 . Hot flashes If you have severe hot flashes , you 're a good candidate for hormones , our experts say . "  They alleviate the problem by about 95 percent , " Utian says . Many women -- probably about two-thirds -- have mild to moderate hot flashes and wo n't need hormones , he adds . "  Generally speaking , they can get away with layering clothing , avoiding spicy foods , breathing techniques or yoga . " 2 . Night sweats "  Night sweats are hot flashes when you 're under blankets , so you ca n't get rid of the heat easily , " Utian says . If night sweats are making you lose sleep to the point you 're dysfunctional the next day , hormones might be a good option . "  Some women say , ' I ca n't live my life like this . ' That 's the woman who should not be denied the hormones , " says Marcia Stefanick , professor of medicine at the Stanford Prevention Research Center . Stefanick is co-author of a new study in the Journal of the American Medical Association showing that women who took a type of HRT called combined therapy  estrogen and progestin together  had a higher risk for breast cancer even three years after they quit taking the hormones . 3 . Sleeplessness The onset of menopause often gives women sleepless nights -- sometimes because of the night sweats , sometimes because of hormone changes . HRT sometimes helps , Healy says . 4 . Osteoporosis -- sometimes Studies have shown that HRT can cut down on bone fractures for women with osteoporosis , but it 's not for everyone . "  A younger woman in early menopause who has osteoporosis -- or risk factors for osteoporosis -- might benefit from HRT , " Utian says . "  Older women should use something else . "  See page 14 of this NIH report for other ways to treat osteoporosis . Women are at high risk for osteoporosis if they 're thin , have a family history of osteoporosis , are lactose intolerant or smoke . 5 . You feel better on hormones "  That 's absolutely a legitimate reason for taking hormones , " Healy says . "  You very often ca n't measure what makes a woman feel better . But just because you ca n't measure it does n't mean it 's not real . " It 's important , however , that women who go on hormones for this reason -- or any reason -- understand the risks of hormones . "  I tell women , ` I 'll give you the prescription as long as you understand the risks and the responsibilities and come in for regular checkups to see to it that all is going well , ' " Utian says . And what are some not-so-good reasons for going on HRT pills ? Vaginal dryness and itchiness are better treated with estrogen creams , our experts say . Irregular periods should be tolerated , or treated with birth control pills , Utian says . And certainly do n't go on HRT because you think it might prevent aging , heart disease or cancer . The NIH study in 2002 rejected those reasons . If you do decide to go on HRT , you need to keep several things in mind . First , take the lowest possible dose for the shortest possible time . That second part is pretty fuzzy . "  The jury is still out . Is short-term two to three years ? Five years ? " Stefanick says . "  When you go back to your doctor for checkups , ask , ` Should I go off it now ? ' " Another question for your doctor : whether you should go on estrogen alone or combination therapy  estrogen plus progestin  . Each has its pluses and minuses -- see Page 10 of the NIH document . Choosing the right doctor is obviously of the utmost importance . Utian recommends an obstetrician-gynecologist rather than an internist . He recommends asking doctors how often they deal with hormone issues . "  Some obstetricians are so busy delivering babies , they wo n't be spending much time on hormones , " he says . E-mail to a friend Elizabeth Cohen is a correspondent with CNN Medical News . Associate producer Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	A 2002 study found serious health risks in hormone replacement therapy Despite risks , hormone therapy seen as medically appropriate in some cases Expert : HRT can help reduce hot flashes by about 95 percent Vaginal dryness , itchiness better treated with estrogen creams
CNN  -- Ziplining through tropical rain forests , rappelling down steep waterfall cliffs and whitewater rafting satisfy the rugged outdoor cravings of Costa Rica 's tourists . But after a day of wear and tear on the body , a long soak in a natural hot spring can provide much-needed relief and relaxation for adventure travelers . Visitors to Costa Rica seeking a low-key , laid-back vacation will appreciate the hot springs , too . Costa Rica 's rich landscape is dotted with these pools . CNN.com explored five locations that vary in size , luxury and tranquility . Tabac  n Grand Spa Thermal Resort This tropical eco-friendly spa places its emphasis on making the guest experience "  a close encounter with nature . " Tabac  n 's thermal hot springs are surrounded by lush gardens , with the Arenal Volcano and rain forest as a dramatic backdrop as you soak in the all-natural waters flowing throughout the property . Five springs , fueled and heated by the nearby volcano , range in temperature from 77 to 122 degrees Fahrenheit . Tabac  n was the first public hot spring resort in the Arenal Volcano area and is accompanied by a 102-room luxury hotel for guests seeking an extended visit . In addition to the hot springs , guests can be pampered with massages , hydrotherapy , facials and a full range of indigenous treatments . Many couples have celebrated their weddings and honeymoons at this peaceful oasis -- and can now share private time at the resort 's new Shangri-La Gardens area , a space intended only for adults . The Springs Resort and Spa at Arenal The Springs Resort in La Fortuna near the Arenal Volcano boasts 18 hot springs spanning four acres of lush gardens . Tucked next to the springs is the resort 's five-star hotel , a 14,000-square-foot full-service spa , and a wildlife preserve with rescued jungle cats , monkeys , sloths , wild turkeys and a variety of birds . The resort provides every guest with plenty of options for finding the hot spring that best suits his or her mood and personality . Some pools have raging waterfalls , while others provide a tranquil rain-forest experience and close-up views of the volcano . Temperatures in the pools range from 83 to 103 F . Some pools are all-natural , while others are chlorinated . Day passes for guests not registered at the hotel are available for $ 40 . These passes include entry to the hot springs and the wildlife preserve and access to four restaurants and five bars on the property . Hotel and day visitors can also reserve kayaking , horseback riding and ATV tours . Baldi Hot Springs Hotel and Spa Located in the heart of the rain forest , this large resort boasts 25 pure water pools and takes pride in a its family-friendly atmosphere . Unique to Baldi is the resort 's three large water slides , ranging from 104 to 325 feet long . The slides cater to children and adults alike . Numerous waterfalls pour into the pools , which reach temperatures up to 104 F . The temperatures in the waters increase as you walk higher up in elevation along a path to reach the various pools . The resort complex , which opened to the public in 2000 under the vision of businessman Alberto Rodriguez Baldi , is located at the foot of the Arenal Volcano and includes two restaurants , three swim-up bars , a sauna , 8 acres of colorful tropical gardens , and 32 nonsmoking rooms for overnight guests . Guests seeking total relaxation can retreat to the spa , where full-body volcanic mud wraps , massages and facials top the menu . Eco Termales Hot Springs Eco Termales in the La Fortuna area does not accept more than 100 visitors at a time and is geared toward privacy . It 's one of the smallest hot springs in the Arenal Volcano area , and many guests consider this one of its main selling points , since the crowds are small . This retreat , surrounded by lush green gardens , has been a labor of love for the Manolo Hidalgo family , which has spent years building and caring for the resort . There are seven relaxing hot spring pools , including one with a waterfall reaching temperatures up to 105 F . A restaurant serves authentic family-style Costa Rican dishes . "  I like this resort because of the lack of crowds -- and feel I can really escape from the world here , " said Pablo Brenes , a local resident and manager of Anywhere Costa Rica , a travel agency certified by the Costa Rica Tourism Board . Blue River Resort & Hot Springs "  Our guests say they feel as though they have stepped into paradise when they visit our resort , " said Blue River Resort owner Daniel Apelboim . "  We aim to make visitors feel invigorated , relaxed and pampered . " Blue River Resort & Hot Springs is located on the north side of the scenic Rincon de la Vieja volcano and across from the blue volcanic river , Rio Celeste . It features four pools fed from the hot springs bubbling up nearby and is landscaped with rain-forest foliage , flowers and waterfalls . Each pool has a unique theme -- including a pool designed for children . There is also a freshwater pool with a 98-foot slide for both adults and children to enjoy . In addition to the springs , guests may want to explore the resort 's botanical gardens and butterfly gardens , relax at the spa , or enjoy a cool refreshment at the tiki bar . Guests are invited to visit for a day or spend more time by checking into the resort 's hotel . Rooms feature large terraces with views of the volcano and the lush green rain forest .	Costa Rica 's rich landscape is dotted with hot springs where visitors can unwind Thermal hot springs vary in size and level of luxury Many hot springs are located in the La Fortuna area and Rincon de La Vieja
CNN  -- Every Friday morning 17-year-old Sarel Ramphele puts on his gold-trimmed suit , grabs his trumpet and walks the 6 kilometers from his home in Blood River to the neighboring village . Under a makeshift iron roof in the yard of an unused house he meets with scores of other young people to rehearse for what has become an improbable musical success story in one of South Africa 's poorest regions . Based in Limpopo , a rural region whose lifeblood is its eponymous river , Bezzi 's Youth Brass Band is one local woman 's answer to a distinct lack of youth engagement in the area . "  There are absolutely no entertainment facilities for young people around here , " says Janet Bezuidenhout , 42 , who set up the band just under three years ago . "  The teenagers are just idling around . " Ramphele joined the band when he was just 14 and last year was appointed lead trumpet player . He relishes having something to work towards . "  I used to spend a lot of time on the streets doing nothing . The band keeps my mind fresh and helps me develop , " he says . Read more : Beethoven in the Congo : Kinshasa 's classical orchestra It was Bezuidenhout 's music-loving nephew Rondo who inspired her to start the group . He was looking to join a local band but there was no such thing . As a former drum majorette at school , she shared his passion and decided to buy 10 instruments with her pension fund so he could set up his own group . When Rondo called the first meeting at his late grandfather 's empty house in Makgofe village , he would have been delighted to see even one person turn up . But young people in the neighboring towns had caught wind of the new band and that morning there was a group of 30 boys and girls crowding around the yard . Moved by the youngsters ' new-found zest , Bezuidenhout was reluctant to send anyone home . "  I heard them playing and it touched me . It touched me so much to see these kids so excited . " Aware of the potential of her project but unable to finance it she applied to a government tender scheme that allows small businesses or individuals to bid for one-off jobs with public bodies , such as cleaning or construction contracts . Bezuidenhout , a retired administrator , won her bid and spent a month installing cabinets in a nearby hospital for a lump sum of 20,000 rand  $ 2,170  . With that money , Bezuidenhout upped her inventory of instruments and bought suits , skirts and blouses for the band . She modifies the uniforms at home with gold thread trimmings and a badge with the group 's name . Today , the band has 60 trained members who share 16 trombones , six side drums , four tubas and a bass drum . Read more : Oliver ` Tuku ' Mtukudzi -- healing Zimbabwe through music Training is run by four "  band leaders " who are slightly older and able to show the younger members how to play . One of them is 26-year-old Nokie Nthoke who got involved so that he could "  get off the streets and stay out of trouble . " Limpopo is plagued by high crime rates and unemployment . "  After 7 or 8 o'clock at night it is difficult to walk around , " says Bezuidenhout . "  Men lurking on the streets will stab you and take everything in your possession . " With little opportunity for development , Bezuidenhout says it 's not unusual for boys as young as 13 to join gangs in the area . But in recent years , a handful have gone from gang member to band member and mellowed under Bezuidenhout 's 's no-nonsense guidance . If a member misbehaves , even outside the confines of rehearsals , a meeting will be called and Bezuidenhout and a handful of members will quiz the culprit on their actions and agree on an appropriate punishment . "  There is a lot of respect between comrades , " she says . Both Ramphele and Nthoke speak of the importance of their band 's community and count their large pool of friends as one of the best things about being a member . But the popularity of the band is becoming a problem -- Bezuidenhout has a waiting list of 30 under 15-year-olds who at the moment can not be catered for . Ultimately , she would like 100 in her troop but without donations the future of Bezzi 's Youth is uncertain . "  Some of the instruments are broken , the uniforms are getting old and affording transport , even to local events , is a problem , " she says . Read more : Afrobeats -- the new sound of West Africa that 's going global The band and its unique take on gospel songs have become a favorite for local events such as weddings and the unveiling of tombstones , but paying for the bus trip to the performance is not always possible . "  It 's very painful for me " says Bezuidenhout . "  I can not tell them that it has to stop because we have no money . Even when there 's no rehearsal they 'll be there . I 'll send 60 messages telling them not to come because it is pouring with rain , but some of them will still turn up . " Many of the band members walk from villages as far as 12 kilometers away just to practice . Despite financial barriers Bezuidenhout remains a source of hope for her young musicians , who share her dream of playing beyond Limpopo . She says : "  I want us to march the main street in Cape Town at Christmas or Easter time when thousands of people line the streets to watch the parades . " To find out more , contact Janet Bezuidenhout at janetharris007@gmail.com	Bezzi 's Youth Brass Band was set up in one of South Africa 's poorest regions The band was put together to give bored youngsters something to do There are now 60 members who rehearse every week The band is so popular that there are 30 people waiting to join
CNN  -- I am the mother of three amazing children . Before having children , I was a firm believer that guns were dangerous . But I did nothing to educate myself about guns or gun safety . I feared the unknown and the danger guns seemed to possess . But after 10 years , I now have a gun in my home . Listening to President Obama 's news conference on Thursday marking 100 days after Sandy Hook , and the whole gun control debate , prompted me to get my viewpoint across . I married a U.S. Marine . He of course was a firm believer in his right to bear arms . This posed no issue until our son was born . I was adamant that no gun be allowed in our home , while he felt quite the opposite . We agreed on one gun locked in a safe , and his other hunting guns were stored at his parents . ' Slowly over the years , I became more and more fearful of being home alone on the nights he worked , especially after I had children . We were living in Maryland on a farm in the middle of nowhere . One night , I got a call from my husband telling me to lock all doors and windows as he had just spoken with a sheriff down the road who was looking for an escaped convict . I was terrified . We had that one gun , but I had no idea how to use it . That changed very quickly over the following weeks , as we went out for target practice . I learned how to shoot and for the first time in years , I slept well . I finally felt safe at night . Over the 11 years of our marriage , I slowly learned about guns . I began to accept that the gun itself posed no danger -- any danger was in the hand and heart of the beholder . I learned there were safe ways to teach your children about guns . Guns were a tool like any tool ; they have multiple purposes and uses . I learned more about our Constitution and our rights as U. S. citizens . I learned I had nothing to fear and a lot to gain from owning a gun . Why would someone own a military-style rifle ? I think mothers need to educate themselves and learn how to best educate their kids . I work with a lot of other mothers , and many of them are shocked that I was taught how to shoot . I understand because I was there at one point -- I was scared of guns . But I no longer fear them . Marine to senator : I wo n't ` register my weapons ' So Mr. Obama and your gun control advocates : I am not physically capable of stopping a 200-pound man from raping me or my daughters . I am not physically capable of stopping a 200-pound man from entering my home and doing what he may . However , my gun is very capable of stopping such a criminal if such an act were to occur . Parents defend right to keep guns in the home We live in a society where no one is there to protect us . The police come after the crime , not before . I do not have 24/7 armed protection like you do , Mr. President . Neither do my children . So until you can explain to this nation why your old city of Chicago has rising murder rates by guns , despite some of the strictest gun control laws in the country , I will continue to support the NRA , I will continue to urge others to support the Second Amendment and I will continue to vote for those politicians that support my views . I will also support the notion of placing armed police , veterans , etc. in our schools . Why should your children , Mr. President , be of the select few children in this country who are protected by armed guards ? Why are your children more special than mine ? Guns on campus : NRA to announce school safety measures The fact is they are not . All children are special and have the right to be cared for and protected . I am a mom , and I am proud to support the NRA and my right to bear arms . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tracy Scarpulla .	Tracy Scarpulla used to be adamant about not having guns in the house Her husband , a Marine , firmly believes in the right to bear arms After a decade , she 's changed her view and supports gun ownership Have a personal essay to share with the world ? Submit at CNN iReport
Wichita , Kansas  CNN  -- In situations like the dire humanitarian crisis that has followed Tuesday 's earthquake in Haiti , we all are forced to witness what is the sometimes painful truth behind the clich about it taking a village to raise a child . In the tragedy unfolding before us now , it will take a global village . President Obama and former presidents , along with other leaders and representatives of humanitarian organizations , have reminded us of this . We would like to add our own small , humble contribution to the efforts under way around the world to help the people of Haiti . In particular , we would like to draw your attention to the many children who were living in Haitian orphanages when the earthquake hit . As we have heard from professionals devoted to children 's issues , children are among the most vulnerable segments of a population subject to natural disasters and humanitarian crises . It is not hard to imagine that orphans living in institutional care might often be even more vulnerable . Watch couple 's interview with Anderson Cooper Right now , orphanages across Port-au-Prince are struggling to provide the most basic necessities to the children in their care . But right now , all Haitians in the capital are struggling to do this . What makes Haiti 's orphans different is that they have no families to take care of them , and no hope of reuniting with their families . Except for the orphanages ' staff members , most of whom have families of their own to which they rightly must divide their attention , these children have no one . iReport : Looking for loved ones in Haiti Our adoptive son , Alexander , is one of the children without a family . He was left , just hours after his birth , near a hospital in Cit Soleil and , with the permission of Haiti 's Institut du Bien-tre Social et de Recherches , brought to one of the homes of the Brebis de Saint-Michel de L'Attalaye orphanage in Port-au-Prince . He was named after one of the American volunteers , Alison McMutrie , who works alongside Haitian staff to care for orphaned children . Ti Ali , or Little Ali , is 17 months old , and Big Ali is about 21 . Ali and the rest of the BRESMA staff have been the only family Alexander has ever known . And although we will never know for sure , especially not after the earthquake , anything about her , we firmly believe that his birth mother loved Alexander and did what was in her power to ensure that he would have a brighter future than she could provide . Hers was , we believe , an act of sacrifice , but it was also an act of hope and trust -- hope that the world would be kind to Alexander , perhaps even despite her own experience , and trust that someone would love him as much as she does . Though she will never know us , the faith that she has placed , even indirectly , in us is quite simply astounding . Or at least it was until Tuesday . Now , we imagine that we share another bond with her : We would willingly make whatever personal sacrifice we have to to save Alexander 's life . As parents who are adopting across national , linguistic and cultural boundaries , we are sensitive to all of the complicated issues that arise in international adoption , and we support both the integrity of Haitian families and the commitment to finding loving homes for children who are in need of them . Since being matched with Alexander in April , we have traveled to Haiti four times to get to know him and the country of his birth . Each successive trip impressed upon us more and more the dignity of the Haitian people and the sense of commitment they show for each other . From what we have seen of the people of Haiti when we have been there with Alex , they care deeply about all children -- orphans and those still living with their families . Many likely would help the orphans through this crisis if they could , but they simply can not . As Alexander 's mother put her trust in the people who , as fate would have it , turned out to be us , we are placing our trust in others to join our efforts to secure the life of our child and the rest of the orphans of Haiti . This is no longer an adoption matter . It 's a matter of life and death . We have been told by the BRESMA staff that the children living in orphanages before the quake need to be evacuated from Haiti to save their lives . We are aware that evacuating these children under such circumstances is temporary and might affect our adoption proceedings , potentially negatively . We also understand that it could mean that Alexander will never live in the home we have waiting for him . But he 's our son , and we want him to live . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jean Griffith and Ross Haskell .	In Haiti crisis , children are most vulnerable and orphans most of all Authors are in the process of adopting Alexander , a 17-month-old orphan in Port-au-Prince Children in Haitian orphanages need to be evacuated , according to staff of institution Priority is saving the life of Alexander and his fellow orphans , the authors say
CNN  -- More than 1,600 people within a 10-mile stretch of central Florida 's Atlantic beaches have been stung in the past week by a distinctive species of jellyfish not indigenous to North America , a rescue official said Tuesday . Brevard County Ocean Rescue officials said they began flying warning flags at beaches from Cocoa Beach to Cape Canaveral last Tuesday , indicating either a medium or high hazard , along with another flag indicating dangerous marine life . "  From last Wednesday to Friday , we got about 600 reports . Saturday to  Tuesday  , we got another thousand , " Chief Jeff Scabarozi said . Monty Graham , a scientist at Alabama 's Dauphin Island Sea Lab , said the jellyfish appear to be what are known as mauve stingers , a species that often blooms in response to small climate cycles like El Nio . "  The interesting thing about these jellyfish is that they 're very sporadic . They occur in heavy numbers , but not every year , " he said . Graham said the last time he had seen such a widespread outbreak in the United States was more than a decade ago . "  They 're much more common in the Mediterranean , " he said . "  Probably what we 're seeing is a large population bloom in the Gulf of Mexico transported by the Gulf Stream wrapping around the coast of Florida . " All weekend long , countless numbers of jellyfish washed up on shores , standing out against the sand due to their characteristic purplish-reddish hue . Graham said that although mauve stingers are smaller and much less familiar than the Portuguese man o ' war and cannonball jellyfish that often wash up on Florida shores , the ruddy-colored animal can pack a punch . "  While they might be small , they 're actually pretty potent . And unlike the others , these animals actually have stinging cells up on the top of their bells in addition to the stingers on their tentacles , which is uncommon . " When stung , mauve stinger victims may see a discoloration on their skin where contact was made , Graham said . "  These guys will leave actual marks on you sometimes . It may stay with you for quite some time , but over time it will go away . " The stings cause itching , burning and rashes and can sometimes spur an allergic reaction . Although none of the stings reported in Brevard County was believed to be serious , officials said two people who were stung were taken to hospitals after suffering from respiratory distress . It was unclear whether the distress was directly caused by the stings or came from a pre-existing medical condition . Most victims were being treated by a vinegar solution stocked at the various lifeguard stations . Despite the abundance of visible jellyfish in the water , many trying to enjoy the Memorial Day weekend took their chances -- and suffered the repercussions . "  We 've already gone through about 25 gallons of vinegar . Even so , a lot of people did n't go into the water , " Scabarozi said . "  I just want to know when they 're going to leave . "	The jellyfish are visitors to central Florida 's Atlantic beaches They congregated in a 10-mile stretch off the coast of Brevard County The mauve stinger jellyfish are small but "  pretty potent , " scientist says
CNN  -- Romanian authorities have evacuated 2,000 people from their homes over the past 24 hours , bringing the total number of evacuees to almost 16,000 since heavy flooding began , an emergency official said Friday . Twenty-two people have died in the flooding , which began June 22 , said Alin Maghiar , a spokesman for the Romanian General Inspectorate of Emergency Situations . One person is listed as missing , he said . iReporter describes flooding in Romania Flooding is expected to continue into Saturday because of continued rainfall , with the heaviest rain falling on the northeastern county of Bacau , he said . The situation in eastern Romania , he said , is "  critical . " Romania may request flooding assistance from the European Union Solidarity Fund , which is designed to deal with natural disasters in EU member states , the national news agency Agerpres reported Friday . Earlier this week , Prime Minister Emil Boc said the government will give the families of the flood victims 5,000 lei  $ 1,470  each , the news agency reported . In the meantime , Boc has ordered that flood victims be given food and water . CNN 's Carol Jordan in London , England , contributed to this report .	NEW : Romania may request EU assistance 2,000 more people have been evacuated in Romania over the past day Almost 16,000 have been evacuated since flooding began June 22 The flooding is expected to continue into Saturday
CNN  -- The United States could have acted sooner to designate Boko Haram a foreign terrorist organization , a State Department official told Congress on Thursday , adding that "  resolving this crisis is now one of the highest priorities of the U.S. government . " Robert Jackson , the principal deputy assistant secretary for African affairs , told a Senate subcommittee that the initial debate within the State Department over a terror label "  was really about the Nigerian attitude towards designation " for the Islamic extremist group that advocates Sharia law . "  The government of Nigeria feared that designating these individuals and the organizations would bring them more attention , more publicity and be counter productive , " said Jackson . "  For some time we accepted that point of view . " Pressed by Sen. Marco Rubio , a Florida Republican , Jackson acknowledged that "  in retrospect , we might have done it earlier . I think the important thing is that we have done it and that we 've offered a reward for the top leadership of Boko Haram 's location . " The group , which has claimed responsibility for kidnapping more than 200 school girls in northern Nigeria last month and threatening to sell them into slavery , was added to the terror list last November by Secretary of State John Kerry . The timing of the action has triggered a political controversy around Hillary Clinton , who preceded Kerry as America 's top diplomat and is weighing a potential run for president in 2016 . A formal terror designation provides greater access to a group 's finances and more ability to limit its movements . Officials said Boko Haram does not have financing in the United States . Some in Congress , the Justice Department and others called for the State Department to apply a terror label to Boko Haram in 2012 following a bombing in Abujat and amid growing concerns that it had al Qaeda links . But the agency , then led by Clinton , rejected that approach . Officials cited the reasons raised by Jackson , which also included the possibility that doing so might heighten threats against U.S. and Western interests . A letter to Clinton at the time by the 24 academics , including former U.S. Ambassador to Nigeria John Campbell of the Council on Foreign Relations , also said such a move would raise the group 's profile and possibly link the United States to abuses by Nigerian forces cracking down on the group . Republicans are now seeking to use the Boko Haram terror case as well as the deadly September 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , to depict Clinton as complicit in what they argue is weakened foreign policy under President Barack Obama . But former Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Johnnie Carson , who served under Clinton , told reporters last week that the convoluted socio-economic dynamics of Nigeria required a more holistic and nuanced approach than the security focus of anti-terrorism efforts . "  This is a very complex situation , " he said . Still , there was swift political reaction to Jackson 's comments . Correct the Record , a pro-Clinton rapid-response group , said "  the facts are clear and hindsight does n't change " things . It noted the State Department under Clinton placed three Boko Haram members on a terror blacklist . The Republican National Committee also weighed in , saying Boko Haram was "  another hard choice where Hillary made the wrong decision . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	State Department official says there was debate within agency about terror designation There was concern that terror label would bring Boko Haram more attention , status The official said Boko Haram abductions in Nigeria are now a top U.S. priority The timing of the terror label for Boko Haram has now become a political issue
CNN  -- With its $ 315 million purchase of The Huffington Post this week , a company best known for distributing free CDs has succeeded where mainstream media outlets failed : Spotting the potential of one of the Web 's fastest growing media brands . AOL , widely thought to be the imminent victim of a dying Internet dial-up business , now owns a property that may help define the future of news . How big is The Huffington Post , exactly ? A recent report from The Street put the upstart media company just behind The New York Times in terms of web traffic -- and set to overtake The Gray Lady . The Times started in 1851 ; The Huffington Post began in 2005 . Perhaps it 's The Huffington Post 's relative youth that 's stimulated such derision among media executives . Rapidly changing markets are easily dismissed as fads until it 's too late . Is it pride , perhaps , that 's prevented many of the leading media brands from experimenting with aggregation , populist content and a blogging community that may at times appear amateurish ? Is it a fear of the unknown , or of irreparably damaging a brand built up over decades  and in some cases , more than a century  ? Or a compulsion to serve up the news we need to know , rather than the news we want ? Perhaps it 's simply that the news media , comforted for years by the defensibility of its distribution channels -- ordinary citizens could n't afford a printing press or start a television channel -- has been slow to mobilize in response to the threat of a million niche blogs and thousands of new ways to discover , parse , aggregate and reorganize the news . Whatever the cause , the market has spoken . The Huffington Post and rivals like Gawker Media are racking up the page views as older -- and supposedly wiser -- brands find this rapid growth evasive . But the signal is clear and startling . A $ 315 million Web property is no longer a blog . It 's a fully fledged modern media company . The effect , I think , will be to shock the news media into action . Not only will we see a rapid consolidation of the industry as the old guard seeks to buy or merge its way into this emergent online market  see also : the Newsweek-Daily Beast merger  , but we 'll see increased investment in those upstarts that choose to go it alone . Most of all , I hope we 'll see a news industry more willing to embrace risk , experimentation and occasional failures -- or face losing the war to a former dial-up provider with nothing to lose and everything to gain . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pete Cashmore .	AOL 's $ 315 million purchase of the Huffington Post is a bold bet on the Web 's potential Once thought to be a dying dial-up business , AOL now may help define the future of news Huffington Post is just behind The New York Times in terms of Web traffic
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- A jellyfish sting has stopped an Australian endurance swimmer , just 11 hours into her attempt to swim from Cuba to Florida . Chloe McCardel was forced to end her journey prematurely "  due to a severe debilitating jellyfish sting , " a spokesman said in a statement . The swimmer was on a boat heading toward Key West on Wednesday night , spokesman Tim Stackpool said . "  She will spend the next 24 hours recuperating before deciding on her plans going forward , " he said . Earlier Wednesday , McCardel -- slathered in a thick coat of sunscreen -- lept into the waters off Havana to begin her daunting 100-mile swim across the Florida Straits . Her goal was to set a world record for the longest unassisted swim . Before diving in , McCardel said she expected her marathon swim through shark - and jellyfish-infested waters to take 60 hours . "  I think it will all work out well , " said McCardel , 28 . "  It will be tough though ; it 's not going to be an easy ride . But we will get through it as a team . " The attempt cost around $ 150,000 to finance , McCardel said earlier . She said she hoped to raise money for cancer research and try to improve U.S.-Cuba relations . Each stroke the Australian swimmer took was monitored by teammates in two boats escorting her and by scientists at three universities in the United States . But other than liquid meals handed to her in a bottle every half-hour by a kayacker paddling near her , McCardel said she would not receive help during the long-distance swim and not use any swim aids such as flippers or a wet suit . In 1997 , fellow Australian Susie Maroney swam the straits from inside a shark cage . Since then , several high-profile attempts to cross the Florida Straits without a shark cage have been attempted . All have failed . McCardel said she would use "  a shark shield " device that emits an electromagnetic pulse to keep away hungry predators . But forgoing a full body suit made her more exposed to jellyfish stings . Diana Nyad abandons swim after storm , jellyfish stings CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Chloe McCardel will spend 24 hours recuperating , a spokesman says The endurance swimmer prematurely ended her journey after a jellyfish sting Her goal had been to set a world record for the longest unassisted swim
Tegucigalpa , Honduras  CNN  -- More than 300 inmates were killed in a prison fire in central Honduras , officials said Wednesday , as families clamored to learn whether their loved ones were among the victims . The fire was one of the worst tragedies of its kind in decades in Latin America and focused renewed attention on the often poor conditions of prisons in the region . Authorities offered differing reports of how many prisoners died in the fire . Honduran government officials said more than 300 inmates were killed , while the National Human Rights Commission said as many as 356 inmates were unaccounted for and may have died . Forensic teams removed more than 150 bodies from the facility by Wednesday evening . "  Everyone ran for their lives , " said one survivor who spoke briefly to local television cameras . Watch an iReport of the fire Prisoners awakened to the screams of fellow inmates and forced themselves out of the prison any way they could , he said . Authorities were investigating what caused the blaze , which broke out late Tuesday in a minimum-security prison in Comayagua , Honduras , about 40 miles northwest of the capital , Tegucigalpa . About 200 meters away from the prison , Carlos Alfredo Garcia Zepeda said he was inside his home when he heard a series of blasts , like a bomb . "  I did n't pay much attention , because we have a lot of fireworks , " he said . "  Then I heard them screaming . ... I went outside and could n't believe what I was seeing . " As bright orange flames and thick plumes of smoke filled the night air , the 21-year-old recorded a video of what he saw , which he submitted to CNN 's iReport . Gunshots rang out . The flames raged for about an hour , he said , but a few minutes after he started recording , the cries for help stopped . "  It 's an outrage . It happened so quickly . I guess they could n't do anything anymore , " he said . As word of the fire spread , Honduran officials pledged to take swift action to determine what caused it . "  This is a day of deep pain for Honduras , " Honduran President Porfirio Lobo said in an address to the nation Wednesday . He announced the suspension of the Comayagua prison administrators and the entire prison chain of command up to the national level . "  We are going to review the conditions in all the penitentiary centers to see how we can improve the overcrowding conditions that exist in many of our prisons , " Lobo said . The prison was built to house 250 inmates , but 852 inmates were behind bars there at the time of the fire , the Honduran National Human Rights Commission said in a statement . Five of the prison 's units -- more than half of the facility -- were affected by the fire , said Jose Turcios , a spokesman for the Comayagua fire department . The country 's prison commissioner said authorities were looking into whether a short circuit sparked the fire or if a prisoner set a mattress alight . Authorities have not determined what caused the fire , but the nation 's electric utility will review wiring in all prison facilities as a "  preventative measure , " Lobo said , "  because that can be one of the causes of these types of disasters . " Before dawn Wednesday , families of the prisoners gathered in front of the prison gates and authorities ' offices , demanding to know if their loved ones were among the survivors . Hundreds of relatives pressed against the gates as an official read aloud the survivors ' names . "  I understand the worry and demands of the people , but we have to abide by the law , " said Pompeyo Bonilla , the country 's minister of security . "  We have the best intention to give answers to the families as soon as possible . " The president said Chile was sending forensics experts to Honduras to help with identification . It was the third fatal prison fire in recent years . In 2003 , 61 prisoners were killed in a fire at a prison in La Ceiba . In 2004 , 107 died in a fire at a San Pedro Sula prison . The U.S. State Department published a report last April painting a damning portrait of conditions in Honduras ' 24 prisons . Prisoners "  suffered from severe overcrowding , malnutrition , and lack of adequate sanitation , " the report said , citing human rights groups . "  Authorities did not provide adequate food or other basic necessities . The ready access of prisoners to weapons and other contraband , impunity for inmate attacks on nonviolent prisoners , inmate escapes , and inmate threats against prison officials and their families contributed to an unstable and dangerous penitentiary system environment , " the department said in its 2010 Country Reports on Human Rights Practices . Human rights groups also alleged that prison officials used excessive force against prisoners , the State Department said . As of December 2010 , the total prison population in the country was just under 12,000 , about 400 of whom were women , the report said . Honduran officials told CNN that overcrowding in the country 's prisons is the result of an increase in transnational organized crime . Honduras , and the world , will have to decide how to respond to the security crisis in the poor nation , Foreign Minister Arturo Corrales said . "  We do not produce drugs , nor are we the main place where they are consumed . But we suffer from the scourge of the extreme increase in violence in our country because of drug trafficking , " he said . Danilo Orellana , the director of prisons in Honduras , added that the prisons in general were in crisis . "  The situation is grave , and we have said on many occasions that the prisons in the country are failing and that investments are necessary from the state , " he said . Mariano Castillo reported from Atlanta and Elvin Sandoval from Tegucigalpa . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark in London and Rafael Romo and Catherine E. Shoichet in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Witness : "  I went outside and could n't believe what I was seeing " Offcials say more than 300 were killed in the prison fire in Comayagua , Honduras A short circuit or mattress fire may have sparked the blaze , an official says The cause is under investigation , authorities say
CNN  Native Americans often speak of straddling two worlds : the America where pop culture and political gridlock dominate headlines , and a world where the culture of their ancestors lives on through ritual celebrations , language and artisan traditions . It 's a tough balance to strike , especially as Native youth leave tribal lands in search of education and career opportunities . Across the nation , members of the nearly 600 federally recognized tribes are working to keep their traditions alive to pass on to the next generation and to show mainstream America that Native culture is a living , breathing entity . Some faces of these efforts are captured in "  Red Road , " an ongoing photo series by Italian photographer Carlotta Cardana and writer Danielle SeeWalker , a member of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation . The name "  Red Road " comes from the Lakota concept of "  the good path " that should be followed in life , the project 's website says : "  The people we 've met and photographed all follow this ` Red Road ' in some way , rising above to be role models to their people and their way of life . " "  Red Road " consists of portraits taken in a setting of the subject 's choosing and a short biography , showing how each person bridges the gap between modern America and Indian Country . One photo shows 33-year-old Tanksi Morning Star Clairmont , who grew up off the reservation in Denver . She was usually the only Native American in school growing up . She began to embrace her Native identity in high school by performing cultural dances for her classmates . She also learned the Lakota language and rituals from her grandmother and mother , and she continues to share them with her community in Denver , where she works for the American Indian College Fund . Her portrait shows her dressed in hand-beaded regalia in the colors and patterns of the Lakota and Dakota tribes , standing near a river in a park close to her home in Denver . "  I 'm proud that we , as Native Americans , can maintain our traditional lifestyle whether we live in the city or on the reservation and that we can be educated and be professionals , too , " Clairmont said in "  Red Road . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Another photo shows Danielle Finn , a member of the Hunkpapa Lakota tribe , sitting on a pink bedspread in a bedroom of her family 's home . If not for her traditional green dress and accessories made by her and mother , the portrait could be mistaken for an image from a decor catalog . A law student in Albuquerque , New Mexico , Finn also represented the Hunkpapa Lakota tribe at the 2014 Miss Indian World pageant . She also visits reservations on behalf of the Center for Native American Youth 's "  Champion for Change " program , discussing topics such as teen pregnancy , alcohol abuse and the importance of Native culture . "  Running in pageants is a way to show you are a leader , be an inspiration to other young Native girls and teach others about your tribe , " she said . Cardana and SeeWalker met in 1998 while in high school . SeeWalker had just moved to Nebraska from her tribal land in North Dakota , and Cardana was an exchange student . They bonded as the new kids in town over a love for thrift clothes and blue hair , and they became lifelong friends . They decided to pursue a project together in 2013 after Cardana visited SeeWalker and her family on the Standing Rock reservation . The goal was to capture stories that portrayed Native Americans in a positive light to counteract the negative headlines coming out of Indian Country related to substance abuse and poverty . "  We envision this project as a celebration of Native American culture rather than portraying all the misery , " Cardana said . "  There 's a richness of cultural differences among the tribes . We tend to generalize and think of them as just a few tribes , but there 's so much more . " Carlotta Cardana is an Italian portrait and documentary photographer based in London . You can follow her on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and Tumblr .	The portrait series "  Red Road " takes a closer look at modern-day Native Americans The subjects are embracing their culture and maintaining traditions "  Red Road " comes from the Lakota concept of "  the good path " to be followed in life
CNN  -- The president of an advertising firm that lost a $ 25 million contract to create a marketing campaign promoting the Jersey Shore told CNN Tuesday that the evaluation committee asked her team whether they would be comfortable featuring New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in the ads . The news comes as federal investigators are looking into whether Christie improperly used some of that money to produce tourism ads that featured him and his family while he ran for re-election . The New Jersey ad agency Sigma Group had the lowest bid on labor and markup costs but lost the contract to a firm charging about $ 2 million more . Sigma Group President Shannon Morris told CNN that her team was asked during the pitch meeting "  if we would be open to featuring Chris Christie in the ads . " "  We did n't want to commit one way or the other . We were confident in the creative direction that we had presented . Our opinion was that maybe they knew something we did n't about the requirement or maybe they felt strongly for one reason or another that he should be included , " she said . "  We also wanted to stand behind the work that we had submitted that did n't feature the governor or any other celebrity . " It turns out that the committee evaluating the proposals is made up entirely of people who work for the Christie administration . And perhaps the most controversial of the members is Michele Brown , the chief executive of the state 's Economic Development Authority . She 's one of the six voting members on the evaluation committee and has a long history with Christie . When Christie was U.S. attorney , Brown was a prosecutor . She resigned after revelations that Christie had given her a $ 46,000 loan in 2007 and had not reported it . After resigning , Brown went into private law practice , but in 2012 , Christie named her to her current post . CNN was not able to reach Brown for comment . The other voting members are also tied to Christie . Two work with Brown at the Economic Development Authority . Another is chief of staff to Christie 's lieutenant governor . And the two others are representatives from the community affairs and treasury departments , all of which ultimately answer to Christie . Some critics slammed Christie over the summer for starring in taxpayer-funded ads as he was running for re-election in November , arguing it gave him an unfair advantage . But others argued that he was the face of the Sandy recovery , so it made sense to put him in the ads . On Tuesday , the office the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development inspector general issued a statement about the inquiry , first reported by CNN , that said it had begun an audit in September "  to examine whether the State administered its Tourism Marketing Program in accordance with applicable departmental and Federal requirements . " The inspector general also said , "  This is an audit and not an investigation of the procurement process . " The inspector general uses the term "  investigation " to denote a law enforcement probe .	Firm with lowest bid for post-Sandy campaign was asked about using Gov. Chris Christie , it says "  We did n't want to commit one way or the other , " firm President Shannon Morris says All members of the panel that picked the winning firm were part of the Christie administration Morris ' firm lost the contract to a company that charged about $ 2 million more
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A member of Congress Friday called on the State Department to stop doing business with Xe , the North Carolina-based security company formerly known as Blackwater Worldwide . Rep. Jan Schakowsky , D-Illinois , on Friday urged the State Department "  not to enter into further contracts " with Xe . Rep. Jan Schakowsky , D-Illinois , asked Secretary of State Hillary Clinton whether the State Department had just signed a new $ 20 million dollar contract with Xe for Iraq , saying she is "  very concerned " that the State Department may be signing new security contracts with Xe , both in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  I urge you not to enter into further contracts with Xe and to immediately review any existing contracts , " the letter said , according to a copy provided to CNN . "  The behavior and actions of both the company 's leadership and a number of individuals employed by the company have harmed our mission in Iraq and Afghanistan and endangered the lives and welfare of our troops and diplomatic personnel serving overseas . " The State Department decided in January not to renew a personnel protection contract with Blackwater , as the company was then known , when it expired in May . That decision came amidst an investigation by both U.S. and Iraqi authorities of a 2007 shooting involving Blackwater guards in Baghdad in which 17 Iraqis were killed . The company has repeatedly denied any wrong-doing . The State Department did not immediately respond to a request Friday for reaction to Schakowsky 's questions and criticism . The State Department had said that it would continue a Blackwater air-support contract after the much-larger personnel protection contract ended . Xe spokeswoman Stacy DeLuke told CNN that , "  Right now we have no contracts with the State Department in Iraq . " DeLuke said the company would review calls for bids to provide security for U.S. officials in Afghanistan . "  The thing is we are totally open to bidding on some of the contracts that may come up in Afghanistan just like anyone else , " DeLuke said in a telephone interview . The Nation magazine released an article Friday that said the State Department had signed a new contract for Iraq with Xe for $ 20 million to extend an earlier aviation contract . "  The State Department contract is scheduled to run through September 3 . In May , the State Department announced it was not renewing Blackwater 's Iraq contract , and the Iraqi government has refused to issue the company an operating license , " the article said . The controversy over the role of Blackwater in Iraq was revived earlier this week by a lawsuit filed in Virginia by two former employees accusing Blackwater guards of smuggling weapons and using excessive force in Iraq . And the lawsuit claims Blackwater founder Erik Prince "  views himself as a Christian crusader tasked with eliminating Muslims and the Islamic faith from the globe . " Xe said in a statement that it would respond "  to the anonymous unsubstantiated and offensive assertions put forward by the plaintiffs , " in a brief to be filed August 17 . Blackwater changed its name to Xe in February .	State Department says it will continue Blackwater air-support contract "  I urge you not to enter into further contracts with Xe , " Congresswoman 's letter says Xe spokeswoman Stacy DeLuke says firm "  totally open " to Afghanistan bidding
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  Saudi airstrikes over Yemen have resumed once again , two days after Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign . The airstrikes Thursday targeted rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa , two Yemeni Defense Ministry officials said . The attacks lasted four hours . The strikes caused no casualties , but did destroy all three military compounds that were targeted , the officials said . They said Saudi airstrikes were also targeting Houthi positions in Lahj province . On Tuesday , Saudi Arabia announced the end of its Operation Decisive Storm , a nearly month-long air campaign against Houthi positions . The Saudi-led coalition said a new initiative was underway , Operation Renewal of Hope , focused on the political process . But less than 24 hours later , after rebel forces attacked a Yemeni military brigade , the airstrikes resumed , security sources in Taiz said . Five airstrikes targeted a weapons depot in the province late Wednesday , two Taiz security officials said . They said explosions lasted for about 40 minutes . Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners started pounding Houthi positions across Yemen starting on March 26 , hoping to wipe out the Iranian-allied rebel group that overthrew the Yemeni government and seized power . The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government -- a key U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda -- which was kicked out of the capital by the rebels earlier this year . This month , Saudi officials said airstrikes have degraded Houthi-controlled military infrastructure , including key buildings in Sanaa . The campaign achieved its objectives "  by a very good planning , very precise execution , by the courage of our pilots , our sailors , our soldiers , " said Brig. Gen. Ahmed Asiri , a Saudi military spokesman . A senior Saudi official told CNN that the Houthis agreed to "  nearly all demands " of the U.N. Security Council . A statement from the Saudi Embassy in Washington outlined objectives of the next phase of operations , including protecting civilians , enhancing humanitarian and medical assistance , confronting terrorism and creating an international coalition to provide maritime security . Ground troops will continue to protect the border and confront any attempts to destabilize the situation , Asiri said . Military action will be taken if needed . Houthi leader : ` Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming ' On Wednesday , Houthis released Yemeni Defense Minister Mahmoud al-Subaihi in Sanaa , a senior Saudi source said on the condition of anonymity . The Houthis had said they detained the defense minister at an air base near the Yemeni port city of Aden on March 26 , shortly before the Saudis began their airstrike campaign . The rebels had captured the base that day as part of an advance on the Aden area . The United Nations demanded al-Subaihi 's release earlier this month . But beyond the military campaign , the Saudis and their allies have said they want to find a political solution for the violence-plagued nation . President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi , who says he 's Yemen 's legitimate leader , thanked the Saudi-led coalition . He is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to his country . "  We promise to restructure the Yemen military to ensure that it serves the people of Yemen , " Hadi said , calling on the Houthis to withdraw , and saying that he would return to Yemen at "  the right time " to rebuild the country . "  You will witness many changes in the days to come in our mission to build an institutional government and military , far from rebel militancy . " Why is Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen ? Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Salim Essaid , Nic Robertson and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	After calling off its air campaign , Saudi Arabia resumes airstrikes in Yemen No casualties are reported , but 3 Houthi military compounds were destroyed Saudi airstrikes resumed after rebel forces attacked a Yemeni military brigade
CNN  -- It 's time for Team USA to put up or shut up in Brazil . Beat Germany , or at least eke out a tie , and the Americans go through to the knockout stage . Lose , and they open themselves up to the possibility that their World Cup 2014 run ends in the group stage . That 's one of five things we 'll be watching for and talking about Thursday : 1 . NOTE FROM THE BOSS Could be quiet in the office First came the trash talk between Germany and the United States -- at the United Nations , of all places ! Now Team USA 's German-born coach Jurgen Klinsmann is trying to rally fans stateside . The game starts at noon ET , right in the middle of the workday , so Klinsmann tweeted a form letter for employees to give their bosses . "  I understand that this absence may reduce the productivity of your workplace , but I can assure you that it is for an important cause , " Klinsmann deadpanned . Between Klinsmann 's own account and that of the U.S. men 's national team , it was retweeted nearly 40,000 times in the first six hours after the coach tweeted it . 2 . WILL FIFA BITE BACK ? Clock ticking on Suarez He bit a guy four years ago and got banned for seven matches . He bit a guy last year and got banned for 10 . And now world-class striker Luis Suarez is accused of biting another guy Tuesday during Uruguay 's vital match against Italy . He went face-first into Giorgio Chiellini 's shoulder late in the match , no question . But were his fangs out ? Chiellini yanked his shirt down to show what he says are tooth marks . Suarez responded that it was just a normal collision . Now world soccer 's governing body is deciding what happened . If it rules that Suarez did bite Chiellini , it could ban him for up to two years . The decision is due Thursday . UPDATE : Three bites and he 's out -- FIFA rules that Suarez did engage in unsportsmanlike conduct and banned him for nine matches and four months , starting immediately . That puts Suarez out of the World Cup , but it 's significantly less than the maximum punishment he could have faced . He is barred from all soccer-related activity , even entering a stadium , and has to pay a fine of 100,000 Swiss francs  about $ 111,000 .  Suarez can appeal . 3 . WHO GETS THE BOOT ? He shoots , he scores The race is on to be the tournament 's top scorer , with the winner getting the Golden Boot . Will it be Lionel Messi , who has given Argentina magical winning shots in their last two games ? Or hometown favorite Neymar ? They 're not the only ones in the race . Germany 's Thomas Mueller scored a hat trick in his first match , while Switzerland 's Xherdan Shaqiri did the same in Wednesday night 's game against Honduras . And it 's not only the tournament 's top teams that have great strikers . After Nigeria 's Ahmed Musa became the first player from his country to score more than once in a World Cup match , his fans are ready to put him up against the best in the game . And do n't forget there 's more to the game than scoring goals . Check out this FIFA app for comparing two players and see how your favorite stacks up . 4 . SHOW ME DA MONEY Planeload of cash Ghana battles Portugal on Thursday for one of the last places in the knockout round , but it 's not prepared to do it just for the sake of national pride . Media reports say a planeload with more than $ 3 million in cash was sent from Ghana to Brazil after the Black Stars apparently complained they had n't been paid their appearance fees since the start of the competition . The country 's president personally intervened to make sure the money came through , according to the country 's Football Association . But hours before Thursday 's match , Ghana suspended two of its star players , claiming Kevin-Prince Boatang verbally abused the team 's coach and that Sulley Muntari physically attacked a member of the country 's Football Association . Good news for struggling Portugal ? 5 . BREAKING DOWN BARRIERS Middle East unity Iranians were n't the only ones rallying behind Team Melli at the World Cup . As the underdogs fought for a place in the knockout stage , an Israeli spotted this in a bar in Tel Aviv . Unfortunately , Bosnia and Herzegovina dashed Iran 's hopes . Bosnia 's 3-1 victory means both teams go home . Journalist James Masters contributed to this report .	NEW : Uruguay striker Luis Suarez banned for nine matches for biting Italian opponent Take the day off to watch the match , Team USA head coach Jurgen Klinsmann urges Ghana suspends two star players over allegations of physical and verbal abuse Even Israelis backed Iran 's underdog World Cup run
CNN  -- "  So , how many black friends do you have now ? " It 's a question I get asked a lot , ever since I set out five years ago to find out why I , your typical middle-class white person , had no black friends at all . I do have black friends now , actually . Several . But I rarely offer that information when asked , because to ask white people how many black friends they have is to pose the wrong question . Recently , a Reuters poll came out showing that 40 % of white Americans have zero nonwhite friends , and only 20 % of white Americans have five or more nonwhite friends . People seemed shocked that the numbers were so bad . Personally , I was surprised that they were so good . America remains a deeply segregated and divided country . Even accounting for institutional and socioeconomic barriers , in the places we have the opportunity to integrate $ " the high school cafeteria , for instance $ " we largely do n't . The Reuters survey itself is misleading , lumping all minorities together under the vague heading of "  nonwhite . " Depending on what part of the country you live in  e.g , anywhere but Minnesota or Wyoming  , it 's not uncommon to have Asian or Hispanic friends . But the social divide between whites and those groups is more a function of the slow-rolling , generational process of immigrant assimilation . That is a wholly different phenomenon from the social divide between whites and blacks , which is the product of 400 years of slavery and segregation . That 's the social divide we should worry about , and if the poll had focused on that , the numbers would surely have been much worse . The reason why "  How many black friends do you have ? " is such a terrible question is because it shows how we typically talk when we talk about race . Even when we try to talk about race in a constructive way , we usually make black people the object of the sentence , rarely the subject . Black friends are the things to be acquired to prove one is not racist . The way the question is asked accords black people no agency , nor does it reveal anything about the real character of the white person being queried . What you really want to know is not "  How many black friends do I have ? " but rather , "  Have I become the type of individual that a black person might choose to be friends with ? " That 's a real question . Poll a couple thousand white people with that and you might start to get some interesting answers , or at least some confused and befuddled looks . White people are products of their own whitewashed , sanitized environment . Black people have been systematically excluded from white neighborhoods . Black stories rarely surface in popular culture . The history of race in high school textbooks has been boiled down to a handful of bedtime stories about Jackie Robinson and Rosa Parks . Try to tap into the average white person 's feelings on race and you wo n't necessarily find feelings of hate and antipathy . You just wo n't find much of anything , no fully formed or well-considered thoughts about race of any kind . There 's nothing really there . Even white people who want black friends do n't know where to start . America 's lack of integration would n't be such a big deal except for the fact that relationships and social networks are vital to economic advancement . Even when programs like school busing and affirmative action give black people access to white spaces , when those people go to climb the social ladder there 's nothing there for them to grab onto , because there 's very little reciprocal effort coming from the other direction . It 's high effort and low reward . The result is that black people end up with integration fatigue . Many black writers responded to the Reuters poll with essays on why they did n't want white friends , and did n't need them . White friends were n't worth the bother . This is their prerogative , but ultimately , it 's to society 's disadvantage because white people control the access to , well , just about everything . If you do n't have white friends , you might have a decent job and a comfortable life , but all the doors of opportunity in this country are not open to you . "  I may do well in a desegregated society , " the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. said , "  but I can never know what my total capacity is until I live in an integrated society . " Interracial friendships , social bonds across the color line , are a key factor in putting the sins of America 's past behind us . But it 's not something that 's accomplished by white people knowing lots of black people . It helps if white people know how to be better white people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tanner Colby .	A recent Reuters poll shows that 40 % of white Americans have zero nonwhite friends Tanner Colby : I get asked a lot , "  So , how many black friends do you have now ? " He says some people see black friends as things to be acquired to prove one is not racist Colby : Social bonds across the color line are critical to a truly integrated society
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Muslim and Jewish groups on Monday sharply criticized Sen. John McCain 's comments that he would prefer a Christian president to lead the United States . The Arizona Republican 's remarks came in an interview with Beliefnet , a Web site that covers religious issues and affairs . "  I just have to say in all candor that since this nation was founded primarily on Christian principles , personally , I prefer someone who has a grounding in my faith , " the GOP presidential hopeful told the Web site in an interview published Saturday . McCain also said he agreed with a recent poll that 55 percent of Americans believe the U.S. Constitution establishes a Christian nation . "  I would probably have to say yes , that the Constitution established the United States of America as a Christian nation , " he said . On Sunday night , McCain sought to clarify his remarks while campaigning in Hollis , New Hampshire . "  What I do mean to say is the United States of America was founded on the values of Judeo-Christian values , which were translated by our founding fathers which is basically the rights of human dignity and human rights , " he said . "  I believe that anyone can be president of the United States of any faith , " McCain said , saying he was angry his remarks were misinterpreted but "  there 's nothing I can do about it . " Ibrahim Hooper , spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations , said McCain 's comments failed to recognize that Christianity is not the only faith with beliefs that support the concept of human rights . "  Sorry , Islam and other faiths have their basis in human dignity , " Hooper said . McCain 's remarks also "  go against the traditions of American pluralism and religious pluralism and inclusion , " Hooper said . Hooper 's organization , a Washington-based Islamic civil rights and advocacy group , said it 's trying to organize a group of Muslim leaders to meet with McCain . The National Jewish Democratic Council , an advocacy group representing Jewish Democrats , also called on the Republican Party to denounce the remarks formally . "  Former maverick John McCain 's statements were repugnant , " the group 's executive director , Ira N. Forman , said in a statement . "  It 's been sad watching him transform from political maverick to religious right mouthpiece . " Forman added , "  Someone running for president ought to understand the Constitution a little better . Nowhere does it say the United States is a ` Christian ' nation . How can we trust someone to uphold the Constitution who does n't even know what is in it ? " McCain 's communication director , Jill Hazelbaker , issued a statement Sunday defending her candidate 's comments : "  Read in context , his interview with Beliefnet makes clear that people of all faiths are entitled to all the rights protected by the Constitution , including the right to practice their religion freely . "  In the interview he also observed that the values protected by the Constitution , by which he meant values such as respect for human life and dignity , are rooted in the Judeo-Christian tradition . That is all he intended to say to the question , America is a Christian nation , and it is hardly a controversial claim . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Alexander Mooney , Sareena Dalla and Scott Anderson contributed to this report	Sen. John McCain says Constitution established U.S. as a "  Christian nation " McCain later said U.S. founded on Judeo-Christian tradition of human rights Arizona Republican says comments not meant to exclude other religions Muslim and Jewish groups critical of GOP presidential candidate 's remarks
CNN  -- Who do you think you are , Internet ? All this complaining and demanding you have been doing lately is making you look even more mouthy and angry than usual . It was bad enough that you exploded over the casting of Ben Affleck as Batman in the upcoming Superman movie , but then you went and started a petition to recast "  Fifty Shades of Grey " because Charlie Hunnam and Dakota Johnson just did n't do it for you . Backlash much ? Now there are screeches about the cast of this season 's "  Dancing With the Stars . " The target of ire this time around is mostly "  High School Musical " star Corbin Bleu who has been labeled a "  ringer " because he happens to know how to dance thanks to his role as "  Chad Danforth " in the aforementioned TV movies and film as well as some time spent on Broadway . Fans not happy with ` Fifty Shades ' casting To be fair , fellow "  DWTS " contestant and "  Saved By the Bell " star Elizabeth Berkley has also been targeted for knowing how to dance , though it 's almost surely not because of her starring role in the now cult classic "  Showgirls . " "  It 's not fair ! " stage producer Brian Howie told RadarOnline.com . "  They have the muscle memory about the ways to do this . I think it 's dishonest that  the show does n't  level the playing field . " Could it be that fans are now drunk with power after their successes ? Over the years campaigns from the distraught have saved television shows like "  Family Guy , " "  Chuck , " "  Firefly " and "  Friday Night Lights . " These days folks can also vote with their dollars and make things happen . Really missing "  Veronica Mars " and wish there was a reunion movie ? Kickstarter to the rescue and it is happening . According to that company , 10 % of the films at Sundance last year were Kickstarter funded . Is there a movie you want to see not playing in your town ? You can always hop on Tugg and make a showing happen . Couple this with the power of social media , which , because it allows users to share their opinions freely and have massive interaction with others , apparently heightens the sense of influence and power . Before you know it there 's a recipe for rebellion . No place is this more obvious than over on the "  50 Shades of Grey " Facebook page . To say people are unhappy over this Christian Grey/Anastasia Steele casting would be an understatement . ` Fifty Shades ' : Before Hunnam and Johnson , was there Gosling ? "  No chance , " wrote Facebook user Olivia Michelle Hooper about Hunnam 's casting . "  He does not have the right face ... he looks like he belongs in movies like Troy or 300 , not as Christian Grey , and he looks a hell of a lot older than 27  the character 's age when the book begins  , just saying ! " "  They are not right for it , " wrote Ashley Taylor of Hunnam and Johnson 's casting . "  Period , will not be watching the movie . " There are already calls for a boycott of "  Fifty Shades " before a scene has even been filmed . The furor caused the film 's producer , Dana Brunetti , to feel the need to explain how casting works . ' "  There is a lot that goes into casting that is n't just looks , " The Daily Mail reported Brunetti as saying . "  Talent , availability , their desire to do it , chemistry with the other actor , etc. . So if your favorite was n't cast , then it is most likely due to something on that list . Keep that in mind while hating and keep perspective . " So can you please dial it back a bit , Internet , and perhaps pick and choose your battles ? After all , there are brand new "  American Idol " judges to be criticized and Miley Cyrus is sure to twerk again . You know , the important stuff .	Fans are roaring even louder and more often these days "  Dancing With the Stars " is the latest to suffer backlash "  50 Shades of Grey " casting continues to press buttons
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- Protesters took to the fabled Brazilian beaches of Copacabana on Tuesday to draw attention to the 9,000 people they say have disappeared in Rio de Janeiro since January 2007 . Dummies represent victims of violence in a protest Tuesday on Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro . The group ONG Rio de Paz staged a cemetery on the sand , with mannequins representing those who have been slain and secretly buried . Demonstrators also constructed facsimiles of ovens that narcotics traffickers and death squads reportedly use to cremate remains of those they have abducted . "  In general , they are assassinated by police , " said Antonio Carlos Costa , president of ONG Rio de Paz , "  police acting outside of their regular work hours . They are also assassinated by narco-traffickers . The bodies are disposed of in secret cemeteries in the metropolitan Rio de Janeiro area or incinerated alive by narco-traffickers in what they call ` microwaves . ' " Costa pointed out there was a great outcry when 138 political activists disappeared during Brazil 's military dictatorship from 1964 - ' 85 . Now , he said , 9,000 people have disappeared solely in Rio de Janeiro in less than two years and "  no one says anything . " He attributed the apathy to the fact that most of the victims are poor and live on the outskirts of the city . Jackeline Munoz , an investigator with the public security department at Candido Mendez University , said the figure of 9,000 disappearances was obtained from official documents published by the Rio de Janeiro governmental Institute of Public Security . Costa said he believes about 6,000 of those who disappeared were killed , many by drug traffickers fighting for territory in Rio 's slums and poor neighborhoods . Others , he said , were killed by hit squads and police acting on their own . ONG Rio de Paz will conduct an investigation next year , Costa said .	Protesters stage cemetery on Rio beaches with mannequins as victims of violence ONG Rio de Paz group says 9,000 people have disappeared since January 2007 Protest leader says drug traffickers , police have killed people Activist says most of those missing are poor , live on Rio 's outskirts
CNN  -- From minibars to pillow menus to 24-hour butlers , today 's hotels have turned every indulgence and convenience into a standard necessity . But this was n't always the case . Not long ago , those little shampoo bottles that people now love to swipe did n't even exist . Nor did in-room iPads or fingerprint recognition technology . Oh , the humanity ! Thankfully , over the last 100 years some innovative hotels have helped pave the way for these modern accommodation marvels . Because of their foresight and progressiveness , these ground-breaking properties forever changed the future of the industry , enabling guests to expect -- and demand -- increasingly more . Electric Xmas tree : Hotel del Coronado , San Diego Currently celebrating its 125th anniversary , this scenic beachside resort made jaws drop back in December 1904 when it unveiled the world 's first electronically lit , outdoor Christmas tree . Back then , candles were still commonly used to don yuletide trees and electric Christmas lights were a rarity . Hotel del Coronado 's extravagant holiday display amazed guests at the time and set the stage for the lavish hotel light exhibitions we now see today . Hotel del Coronado , 1500 Orange Avenue , Coronado , CA ; rooms from $ 321 ; +6194356611 En-suite bathrooms : The Goring Hotel , London Renowned for having hosted various members of the royal family throughout the years  Kate Middleton even stayed here the night before her wedding to William  , the Goring is widely considered one of the top luxury hotels on the planet . However , when it first opened back in 1910 , what really wowed the travel industry was that each bedroom was fitted with en-suite bathrooms -- something that had never been seen before at any other accommodation property . Needless to say , The Goring 's early guests were delighted not to have to queue up for the toilet any longer . The Goring Hotel , Beeston Place , London , UK ; rooms from $ 455 : +44  0  2073969000 In-room radios : Boston Park Plaza Hotel , Boston When this Boston property opened back in 1927 , it was the first hotel to provide guest radios in each room , a feature that had never been offered on such a wide scale before . To put this in perspective , the radio in the late 1920s was extremely popular among Americans and was increasingly becoming a main source for news , entertainment and music -- similar to what the TV and Internet would become for later generations . It was n't until 1933 that two-thirds of Americans would own a radio set at home , so to have one available in one 's hotel room in 1927 was quite a prospect . Boston Park Plaza Hotel , 50 Park Plaza at Arlington Street , Boston , MA ; rooms from $ 100 ; +6174262000 Room service : The Waldorf Astoria , New York City The iconic Waldorf Astoria is renowned for many things including its Art Deco motifs , Waldorf salad and plethora of celebrity guests . But what truly revolutionized the hospitality industry was its introduction of room service in the early 1930s . The novelty of such a convenient 24-hour service was an instant hit amongst the Waldorf 's high-end guests and it was n't long before other properties across the globe begin following suit . As a result , lodgers everywhere can now comfortably chow down in their bathrobes without having to do much more than push a button . The Waldorf Astoria , 301 Park Avenue , New York , NY ; rooms from $ 288 ; +2123553000 Minibars : Hilton Hong Kong Countless thirsty travelers saved and their wallets thinned -- all thanks to one Hilton executive and Siegas , the German company that invented the refrigerated minibar in the 1960s . In 1974 an executive from Hong Kong Hilton  closed in 1995  was inspired to stock overpriced liquors in all 840 rooms , and lo the loved/hated minibar was globalized . The minibar invention was said to have led to a 500 % increase in room-service drink sales and a 5 % boost to the company 's net income that year , according to the Atlantic . Though the Hilton closed , the company has a presence in Hong Kong with the Conrad . Conrad Hong Kong , Pacific Place , 88 Queensway , Hong Kong ; rooms from $ 382 ; +85225213838 Air conditioning : Adolphus Hotel , Dallas Dallas , Texas can get quite hot and humid throughout the summer months , with temperatures often soaring into the high 90s F . So in 1950 when the Adolphus became the first hotel in the world to offer central air conditioning , we can only imagine how thankful its sweaty guests must have been . In-room air-conditioning for warm climate hotels has since become a commonplace comfort . Adolphus Hotel , 1321 Commerce Street , Dallas , TX ; rooms from $ 103 ; +2147428200 Soap and shampoo : Four Seasons London at Park Lane , London Forgot to pack shampoo for your getaway ? Not to worry -- most hotels these days have plenty of mini toiletry bottles on hand to keep you lathered up throughout your stay . Prior to 1970 , however , hotel guests would have been out of luck . It was n't until the Four Seasons London at Park Lane opened its doors that lodgers were first introduced to the concept of bathroom amenities such as shampoo . And even then , the very first shampoo offerings at the Four Seasons Park Lane were plastic little sachets that were difficult to rip open . Do n't take those handy little hotel bottles for granted again ! Four Seasons London at Park Lane , Hamilton Place , London , UK ; rooms from $ 639 ; +44 2074990888 Carbon neutral : Wolgan Valley Resort , Australia As the first carbon neutral-certified resort in the world , this high-end , multi award-winning getaway in Australia 's Blue Mountains single-handedly introduced the concept of responsible luxury travel to the world in October 2009 , proving that green , eco-friendly accommodation could also be indulgent . Wolgan Valley Resort , 2600 Wolgan Road , Wolgan Valley , Lithgow , NSW ; all-inclusive rooms from $ 1,652 ; +61 2 9290 9733 Kristen McKenzie works for HotelsCombined.com and specializes in hospitality industry trends . The global hotel price comparison site searches rates and availability from all major travel sites , is available in over 40 languages and has a database of 800,000 properties .	The Goring Hotel , known for hosting British royals , introduced the concept of en-suite bathrooms in 1910 Central air-conditioning was first offered in Dallas 's Adolphus Hotel in 1950 Bathroom toiletries for guests were unheard of before the opening of Four Seasons Park Lane
Miami  CNN  -- For a war vet from South Florida , a leisurely road trip to a seaside vacation came to an abrupt end in Mexico , where he has languished behind bars for four months , sometimes chained to a bed . For the first few months , Jon Hammar 's parents kept his plight out of the public eye , fearing that media attention could bring harm to him in prison . But now they are coming forward , hoping the publicity will push Mexican authorities to act . Hammar , 27 , is being held in the border town of Matamoros , just across from Brownsville , Texas . It is notorious as the home of the Gulf Cartel , one of Mexico 's major drug trafficking organizations . "  The only reason they were going to stop was to get more gas , " his father said . Hammar , who served in Iraq and Afghanistan as a Marine , was headed to Costa Rica in August to go surfing with a fellow veteran . He had surfed there before and packed every good surf board he had , his parents said . But he also took one item that quickly became troublesome : an antique shotgun handed down from his great-grandfather . Opinion : A father 's plea : End the war on drugs He intended to hunt with it , his parents said . And he declared it with U.S. border agents . But after he drove his Winnebago a few feet farther to the Mexican side , authorities arrested him , saying the weapon did not comply with their gun laws . "  The crime that he 's charged with is possession of a weapon that 's restricted for military use , " said his mother , Olivia Hammar . A branch of the Mexican military has said the gun is not on its "  forbidden list , " she said . But the former Marine remains incarcerated . Mexican officials said that the files on the case were not immediately available because the arrest happened so long ago . An official at the prosecutor 's office declined to comment . A few nights after Hammar 's arrest , his parents received the first of several threatening calls from behind bars , they said . "  He said : I have your son , " Olivia Hammar recalled , tearing up . "  I am going to f -- him up . I already have . " Then she heard her son 's voice . "  He said : Mom , you 've got to do what they say ; they 're really serious . " The voice at the other end of the line asked for $ 1,800 . U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson , a Democrat from Florida , stepped in on Hammar 's behalf , speaking to Mexico 's ambassador to the United States . "  We interceded to get him out of the general prison population , " Nelson said . This served to remove Hammar from contact with dangerous inmates . The calls have since stopped , his mother said . "  He is now being kept in a low ... intensity place , more like an administrative place , " Nelson said . But because of the low security of the new facility , which Olivia Hammar describes as a storage shed , officials periodically chain Hammar to his bed . The Hammars recently turned to their U.S. congresswoman , Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , who heads the Committee on Foreign Affairs . "  This is outrageous , " Ros-Lehtinen said . She has spoken with the State Department and the U.S. ambassador to Mexico , and will meet with the Mexican ambassador to the United States this week . "  Enough is enough , " she said . "  Jonny , we 're going to get you out of there , " Olivia Hammar said to her son by phone Friday . He reminded her that she has been telling him that since August . Their son returned to them safe and unharmed from Iraq and Afghanistan . Hammar 's parents now fear they could lose him just across the border , if they wait too much longer . Mexico says Gulf Cartel boss arrested CNN 's Gary Tuchman reported from Miami and Ben Brumfield wrote from Atlanta .	Jon Hammar is being held in a town dominated by a drug cartel He was detained because of an antique shotgun in his possession He served in Iraq and Afghanistan
CNN  -- Wednesday night 's debate showcased a Mitt Romney resisting his worst debating weaknesses and playing solidly to his strengths . Barack Obama ? This time , he could n't overcome a weakness he has shown before , a tendency to distance himself from the audience , and this kept him from connecting and making a good showing . But both have a track record of debates showcasing their strengths and weaknesses , and they are both good debaters . This is only the first of three performances . Many of their old habits emerged again , both good and bad . They will need to study their take-home lessons . Let 's begin with Romney . Three of of Romney 's debating strengths are being smooth and knowledgeable and having excellent first-line answers to questions . Wednesday night ? Opinion : Romney was hungry , Obama was flat Check . Check . And check . Listen , Mitt Romney can handle these debates . He was strong in all areas Wednesday night . And y' all should n't be surprised that he performed so well . For him to falter , the moderator is going to have to do a much better job than Jim Lehrer . Poor , steamrolled Jim Lehrer . Romney talked over him so often that I swear one time I saw Lehrer slumping behind his desk while he meekly gazed up at Romney and muttered , "  Excuse me , I believe you have my stapler . " Romney has potential weaknesses : This smoothness has sometimes gotten in his way , which is how he got the "  Slick Mitt " moniker . But he corrected the potential error and instead had a solid , conversational manner in the debate . He was believable . Romney 's other potential weakness is where he shined the most . In the Republican primaries , Romney was n't a great debater when he was trailing in the polls . But not Wednesday night . He debated to win instead of "  not to lose "  which is what Obama did  . Romney put Obama on the defensive and kept him there all night defending his policies . Romney stuck to his theme of too much government overstretch during the Obama administration , whether on energy subsidies , health care , taxes or increasing the deficit . He kept the debate on the economy and jobs while flatly stating that it was overreach of federal government power that was what has inhibited our economy from recovering . And he made the point well . Opinion : Romney shakes up the race As for Obama , one strength is that he is solid at picking a theme and sticking with it . Wednesday night was no different . But what a difference four years makes . Against John McCain in 2008 , Obama focused on the economy as his theme and hammered away at George W. Bush and McCain . This time , Obama clearly presented his theme . The problem was that the new premise lacked bite . What was it ? That Romney has no specific plan . Obama mentioned this time and time again : taxes , deficit reduction , entitlements , regulations to Wall Street and health care . Romney has not specified the details of how he will govern in all these important areas . The problem was that Obama needed to couple that theme with something else . Just stating it over and over is hardly a scathing indictment . And it failed to put Romney on the defensive . Reasoning is another strength Obama has shown in previous debates , but he was unable to use it in any significant way . Near the beginning of the debate , he mentioned that arithmetic proved Romney 's plans unworkable . While I thought this was an excellent point , it should have been much more forceful . Which brings us to Obama 's weaknesses : I wrote two days ago that his detachment was one weakness , that he can appear dispassionate and distancing to the audience . Unfortunately for the president , he did n't correct this . In fact , it was worse . Indeed , this was probably his poorest showing at trying to connect with the American people . Being emotionless can work either for or against you . For Obama , with a troubled economy , it works against the president . If our economy is n't fully recovered and we 're in hard times , our president should at least show more empathy . Offer strong examples to show that he understands . Couple that with Obama 's failure to tie Romney to anything related to the famous 47 % comment , and I 'd call it a glaring error in the debate . Opinion : It was n't just Romney who won You know it 's bad when at the end of the debate , uber-wealthy Mitt Romney seems like he cares more about the middle class and even the lower class than the sitting Democratic president of the United States . Both candidates get almost two weeks off before their next debate . Here 's what they each need to do in the meantime in their preparation . Obama needs to find a much more effective way to pin Romney down to a specific policy . Although he is correct that some of Romney 's numbers simply do n't add up , Obama must do a better job of wrestling the details out of him . He simply has to put Romney on the defensive more often and provide arguments  and passion  that will resonate with voters . He ca n't let opportunities slip by to tie Romney to the 47 % comment or even to the old policies of George W.Bush . This will be no easy task , since Romney was able to fend off most criticisms with ease in his many Republican primary debates . Obama will need to stick to one subject over a series of exchanges . If he does n't , Romney will be like Teflon , and nothing Obama says will stick to him in these debates . And the president should utilize the backward-step-pivot-forward technique as often as possible . Since Romney will continue to put him on the defensive  and this is guaranteed  , Obama must turn potential flaws into strengths . It 's easy enough to predict Romney 's attacks . Now , the president must figure out rhetorically how to turn those criticisms into benefits . Opinion : Romney was n't stellar , but Obama fell short And for goodness sake , Obama , show more energy and passion . Speak with conviction . For Romney : Steady as she goes . He needs to keep debating precisely like Wednesday night . It was n't a fluke , and he can prove it . Romney was assertive  compared with Obama 's passivity  . And it worked . But there 's a fine line between assertiveness and aggression . Romney was assertive in this debate without being aggressive . If he decides that his bullying technique of the moderator was effective  it worked Wednesday night , but I would n't push my luck if I were him  , then he risks alienating voters . The same is true with his demeanor toward the president . Romney can lose more votes than he can gain in future debates if he comes across as rude or mean , an impression many had of McCain four years ago . He must stay on the offense . But do n't overdo it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Todd Graham .	Todd Graham : Romney played to his strengths , Obama to his weaknesses in debate He says Romney aced keeping "  smooth " from turning "  slick " Obama 's lack of passion kept him from connecting with voters ; he missed chances to hit back Graham : Obama needs to heat up , pin Romney down ; Romney must keep aggression in check
CNN  -- The remains of a Saudi national killed in airstrikes in Yemen earlier this month are not those of a wanted al Qaeda bomb-maker , according to multiple sources in Saudi Arabia who were briefed on the matter . DNA tests conducted by Saudi officials showed that the remains were not those of Ibrahim al-Asiri , they said . Saudi officials had obtained a close match to al-Asiri 's DNA via remains of his brother , who died in a failed suicide bomb attack . The brother had carried a bomb inside his body , which killed him upon detonation but failed to hit his intended target , Saudi Arabia 's security chief . The sources said that the results were also negative for a DNA match to Nasser al-Wuhayshi , believed to be head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Pennisula . Al-Wuhayshi has been referred to as the "  crown prince " of the global terror organization al Qaeda . Crackdown The laboratory tests were conducted to determine whether a broad offensive against AQAP , which is considered al Qaeda 's most dangerous wing , had eliminated the two men . The crackdown began over a week ago , resulting in the deaths of more than 60 suspected al Qaeda militants in Yemen from April 19 t0 21 , Yemeni officials have said . Operations have included attacks by Yemeni commandos and suspected U.S. drone strikes , a high-level Yemeni government official said . U.S. special operations troops helped during that offensive , in part by flying Yemeni forces to a remote , mountainous spot in southern Yemen , though no Americans took part in combat , a U.S. official said . Terror threats One reason Yemen and the United States partnered in the offensive : Threats from al Qaeda operatives in Yemen increased in recent weeks . U.S. authorities blame the Yemen-based branch of al Qaeda for a string of plots against Americans , including the failed attempt to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner with a bomb concealed in an operative 's underwear in 2009 . It is also suspected of being behind another plot involving printer bombs on U.S.-bound cargo jets . CNN 's Richard Griffiths contributed to this report	DNA tests are conducted to determine who was killed in an offensive against AQAP The offensive included attacks by Yemeni commandos and suspected U.S. drone strikes Saudi officials have a close match for bomb-maker 's DNA via remains of his brother A bomb inside the brother 's body killed him but failed to hit his intended target
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A 16 year-old Australian schoolgirl is hoping to achieve a sailing feat that is so tough it has brought many experienced men and women to the brink of death . Sixteen-year-old Jessica Watson of Australia plans to sail solo around the world Jessica Watson , of Mooloolaba , Queensland , plans to set out on a solo round-the-world sailing mission in November -- and hopes to become the youngest person to ever sail non-stop around the world alone . But with the impending weeks of solitary confinement , freeze-dried foods , changing conditions and threat of injury , illness or death -- why would she want to do it ? Watson told CNN her inspiration had come from fellow Australian Kay Cottee , who became the first woman to sail the globe alone , without stopping ; and German-born Australian Jesse Martin , who still holds the record as the youngest person to do it . Martin achieved his feat in 1999 aged 18  at the finish  , and subsequently wrote a book titled "  Lionheart : A Journey of the Human Spirit . " "  I read Jesse 's book and that was inspiring . If you had to put it down to one thing that encouraged me to do this that would be a good one , " Watson said . Since deciding she wanted to take on what she describes as the "  Everest of the ocean " about four years ago , Watson has been doing all she can to gain the best preparation for the adventure . She has already sailed "  mock solo " across the Tasman Sea , which flows between Australia and New Zealand , at 15 and has been sailing since she was 8 years-old . "  I 've been talking to people -LSB- who have done it -RSB- about it all , and I 'll get in some good solo miles before I go , " she said . Despite the experience she has gained , Watson admits there are some aspects of the journey that remain unknown . "  There are definitely things I 'm nervous about -- like the big waves and gear failure . But , it 's amazing the detail of preparation we can get and what you can do with technology . "  Though , there 's no telling how you 'll handle yourself when you 're out there for eight months until you 're actually out there . " Watson 's journey around the globe is part of what seems to be an increasingly popular trend among young sailors . Seventeen year-old Briton , Mike Perham is currently part-way through his attempt to sail the world solo for charity . Perham is at present stuck in Tasmania , Australia , with gear problems and faces the daunting task of sailing around Cape Horn during the winter season . Still , he has come a long way when many people had raised concerns about the voyage before he departed . On his daily blog , Perham writes about the challenges of being at sea alone , "  The first few days at sea are always the worst -- the lack of sleep leaves me feeling drained all the time but I know I just need to keep pushing on , knowing that I 'll soon acclimatize and that things are going to get better and better . " Another teenager -- 16 year-old Zac Sunderland , who is from California -- is also on a mission to become the youngest sailor to achieve the feat . Sunderland has also progressed from his departure point in California , through the Panama Canal , and into the Atlantic Ocean . For Perham , Sunderland and Watson it was the high level of communications technology at the teenagers disposal as they sail that has convinced their parents to allow them to attempt their journeys . Would you allow your teenage daughter or son to sail solo around the world ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box On Sunderland 's Web site his father , Laurence , said , "  Although Zac is alone as he sails , he really has so much help . There will always be people who will disagree with our decision to let Zac go on this trip . It was his idea and it is his desire to continue . " Watson said her parents had also been supportive from the outset . For the young sailor , the next big challenge is preparing the boat for departure and securing a final sponsor to help fund the journey . She said her life is primarily geared towards the challenge this year . "  It might take a little bit longer to finish school ... this puts everything else on hold . "	Sixteen-year-old Jessica Watson plans to sail solo around the world Watson is inspired by Jesse Martin who is the youngest person to have done it Briton Mike Perham , and Zac Sunderland of the U.S. are currently at sea
CNN  -- Actress Debi Mazar is passionate about food , and she recently used her cooking skills to raise money for The Midnight Mission , a Los Angeles-based organization that helps the homeless . Mazar is also an enthusiastic supporter of CNN Heroes , and she recently sat down with CNN Entertainment senior producer Denise Quan to talk about the campaign and her philanthropy . Below are excerpts from that interview . Denise Quan : Why did you decide to get involved with the feeding the homeless ? Debi Mazar : I grew up on food stamps . I come from a very humble background . And I 've had many friends that have been destitute -- you know , running into trouble -- and places like The Midnight Mission have given them hope and have fed them and gotten them back on the right path . It can happen to anybody , and with the economy crashing and what 's going on in the world today , I just thought it was time to try to find a place to go to help people . They 're the oldest food bank in Los Angeles ... and I like to cook , I like to serve people . So we cooked up a bunch of food , and they let us use their truck , helped us serve it , and we raised a lot of money . Quan : What 's so special about The Midnight Mission ? Mazar : Not only are they feeding people , but they are giving them housing , they are giving them beds , a shower , fresh sheets , fresh clothing . They are finding them jobs . There is a recovery program for addiction , a program to learn to get back on your feet and to adjust within the community again . It 's incredible what they do and how many people walk through their doors , rich and poor , no questions asked . They just open these doors and they give these people a fresh start . Quan : What is a hero to you ? Mazar : A hero is somebody who is selfless , who is generous in spirit , who just tries to give back as much as possible and help people . A hero to me is someone who saves people and who really deeply cares . Quan : You attended "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " last year . What was that like ? Mazar : Being at the CNN Heroes event last year was almost life-changing . I saw the prior year from my living room , and when I got invited I was so excited . Each person that went up and each little film that was played brought me and my husband to tears because of the generosity of their soul and spirit . These people came from nothing , had nothing , and yet did the unimaginable . They were n't Hollywood people . They were n't rich people . They were just people that wanted to help other people . It just really made me think , "  Wow . I want to help , too . " Watching those people made me feel like I was n't doing enough . They were so inspirational . So now I 'm on the bandwagon , and I 'm just trying to help as well because it makes you feel really great and we need it . We need a sense of community again . Quan : Did any of those CNN Heroes particularly inspire you ? Mazar : There was one young Filipino man -LSB- CNN Hero of the Year Efren Penaflorida -RSB- who would go into the slums and help bring education to all these children that had nothing and teach them how to read and write . It was just beautiful what he did . There was Jorge Munoz from Queens , -LSB- New York -RSB- , who just had like a regular job , had no money , but he and his family would cook in their little kitchen that was , you know , New York-style -- I 'm talking closet-size -- and half of their house was stocked with restaurant supplies . And every night he would cook and bring out food and serve the homeless on the streets of New York City . This guy was just selfless . I just thought , "  How wonderful . " Quan : Why do you think we need to honor everyday heroes ? Mazar : There 's so much importance in honoring your everyday hero . It does n't take money . It does n't take connections . What matters is that people get involved . Whether your passion is gun control or food or whatever it may be , everybody needs to stop being so self-absorbed .	Actress Debi Mazar has raised money for The Midnight Mission , a Los Angeles food bank Mazar said the organization does more than feed people ; it also gives them a fresh start Mazar said she came from humble beginnings , too : "  I grew up on food stamps "
CNN  -- What dare I think about Cuba ? My mom left the island to escape the poverty , the racism and the sweltering heat . She left before Fidel Castro 's ascent and U.S. politics had hijacked foreign policy . She left before both governments stranded thousands of people on a communist island suffering a punishing boycott . Her departure was not about politics . She was black and poor and looking for an opportunity to study . She was just 14 when she left her family to live with the Oblate sisters , an order of black nuns in Maryland . She never looked back -- because she just could n't . That 's when my family 's disconnect from Cuba began . My mom almost never ever spoke about Cuba , not about her culture or her distant family , not about the life before she met my dad , another immigrant , and they had the six of us . For me , and the thousands of people like me who lost touch with Cuba , this is what Thursday 's news is about . A president born 10 months before the boycott -- the 10th president during Castro 's rule -- has finally given us a chance to see for ourselves what our parents left behind . President Obama is banking on younger Cuban Americans like me to be more open to change than the angry exiles from the first wave of immigration . He also relies on statistics showing six in 10 Americans want the United States to have ties to Cuba . The Cold War has passed , and to some younger people from all walks of life , the issue of Cuba is old news . The anger toward Cuba no longer makes sense . He is letting us get a real look at where Cuba stands today , hoping the anger toward that nation will subside , even as some Republicans hope it will not . I have interviewed people on both sides of that anger -- at the embargo or at Castro , at communism or the limits to any exchange . There is a commonality to their pain : their longing to see and relate country-to-country , family to family . I once interviewed the Latin music stars Willy Chirino and Lissette Alvarez , both Cubans who support the embargo and raged about the traitors who traveled back . Yet they wanted so much to go some day . They wished me well when I followed the Latin rock star Juanes to Havana to cover a massive concert for peace . It was on that trip that , as an anchor for CNN , I was able to walk through crowds of Cubans and sway to their music , which has exported their isolated culture around the world . I felt the bodies of people pushing and laughing and wondering about me and my life -- Cubans limited by circumstances but glad to spend three hours getting a rare view of what 's going on outside their island prison . They were warm and friendly , and some had the cocoa black skin of my mom , and our family 's curly hair . They did n't talk about embargoes or Cubans in Miami or about Fidel Castro . They wondered how much rock stars made , whether I 'd traveled anywhere fun , if I wanted a ride , a meal , a cigarette or a chance to spend time on the Malecon sipping rum . It was my birthday and I felt very much at home . Politics aside , I am so eager to feel that way again . On some level , Obama 's move means I can finally share something tangible with the rest of the Latino community . They can go back and touch home base , reconnect with the country of their ancestors , with their culture and way of life , taste the food and chat with the people and celebrate and understand their roots . I had grown up rootless , disconnected from our family , unable to see firsthand what my mother 's country had become . The politics of the embargo alarmed me on both sides , even though I had no dog in that fight . The poverty astounded me , the restrictions , how people suffered a universal lack of opportunity . Yet I longed to remove the mystery surrounding the place and people my mother left behind . Now , perhaps , I can . I did meet my mother 's family briefly during an earlier trip as a journalist , escaping from the pack and the Cuban minders to sit in their modest white home and hear stories of how they lived . I answered so many questions about my life . It was awkward . The difference in our circumstances was so vast , and we only had a few hours to broach it . I did get to look at their eyes and freckles and cocoa black skin , the curls and the friendliness and the warmth of family ties , to feel familiarity and truly appreciate my Mom . I wished I had been able to grow up around these people . I did n't even speak Spanish anymore , so we could barely communicate . This visit was n't enough , yet I was uncertain if I could ever get more . Thursday means I can . I can visit my family , do some reporting and writing , visit a church or take a class . I can go to a concert and share a drink . I can even take home some rum . I know the politics are complicated . I have n't forgotten about Castro and the many people I 've met here and there who can never forget the past , or the excesses of the present . But the question hovering above all this is not just whether reconnecting our two countries was the right thing to do , it was whether it will expand the cultural , political and personal view that the two have of each other . I think so -- it has for me .	Soledad O'Brien 's mother left Cuba at 14 , settled in Maryland . She never looked back Obama 's shift on Cuba a chance for many , like O'Brien , to see what parents left behind She says she 's been to Cuba , people eager for outside news ; she felt connection O'Brien : Reconnecting will open cultural , political , personal perspective she 'd missed
CNN  -- President Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday held their first face-to-face meeting since each took power , confronting a range of potentially divisive issues . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and President Obama visit at the White House on Monday . At a pivotal moment in the Middle East peace process , the two leaders met at the White House to discuss , among other things , the endorsement of a two-state Palestinian solution and relations with Iran . The issue of Iran 's nuclear ambitions became an increasingly urgent one in recent months . Netanyahu wants a time limit for negotiations relating to such ambitions , with the threat of military action if no resolution is reached . Obama is seen as unlikely to provide a timetable . Both Israel and the United States believe Iran is seeking nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear energy program ; Tehran denies the accusation . Israeli leaders have pointed to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's calls for the end of Israel as a Jewish state and argue that quick action is needed . At an Oval Office news conference , Obama again refused to commit to an "  artificial deadline " for Iranian negotiations . But he also warned that he would not allow such talks to be used as an excuse for delay while Iran develops a nuclear arsenal . Obama said he expects to accelerate such talks after the June Iranian elections . "  I firmly believe it is in Iran 's interest not to develop nuclear weapons , because it would trigger a nuclear arms race in the Middle East and be profoundly destabilizing in all sorts of ways , " Obama said . It "  is important ... to be mindful of the fact that we 're not going to have talks forever . We 're not going to create a situation in which the talks become an excuse for inaction while Iran proceeds with developing ... and deploying a nuclear weapon . " He said the United States is not "  foreclosing a range of steps , including much stronger international sanctions , in assuring that Iran understands that we are serious . " Netanyahu emphasized that although "  the common goal is peace ... the common threat we face are terrorist threats and organizations that seek to undermine -LSB- that -RSB- peace and threaten both our peoples . " The prime minister called Iran the biggest threat to peace in the region . "  If Iran were to acquire nuclear weapons , it could give a nuclear umbrella to terrorists , or worse , could actually give -LSB- them -RSB- nuclear weapons . And that would put us all in great peril , " he said . The divide between the two leaders -- Obama is considered to have a more conciliatory approach to the Arab world than Netanyahu -- was dramatically illustrated shortly before their meeting by Israel 's decision to begin construction at the West Bank outpost of Maskiyot . A number of families evacuated from Gaza are now being resettled in Maskiyot ; several are living in temporary housing . A government spokesman said the construction 's start date and the timing of Netanyahu 's trip are a coincidence . Obama wants such outposts dismantled , along with an immediate freeze on settlement expansion . Netanyahu wants to allow natural growth in Jewish settlements in the West Bank -- for example , allowing children who grow up in a settlement to build a home alongside that of their parents . Obama also supports the idea of a Palestinian state alongside a secure Israel . Netanyahu has not endorsed the idea , arguing that Israel needs security guarantees and a clear Palestinian partner for peace talks . "  I want to make it clear that we do n't want to govern the Palestinians . ... -LSB- If -RSB- Israel 's security conditions are met and there 's recognition of Israel 's legitimacy -- its permanent legitimacy -- then I think we can envision an arrangement where Palestinians and Israelis live side by side in dignity , security and in peace , " Netanyahu said . Pressed on the question of a two-state solution , the prime minister said he thinks "  the terminology will take care of itself if we have the substantive understanding . " Netanyahu and his Cabinet were sworn in March 31 . A day later , Israel 's new hard-line foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman , distanced himself from the Annapolis process , the 2007 relaunch of peace talks adopted by his predecessor , Tzipi Livni . The PLO issued a statement after the meeting criticizing Netanyahu for failing to more explicitly endorse a two-state solution . Netanyahu "  missed yet another opportunity to show himself to be a genuine partner for peace , " chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat said . "  Calling for negotiations without a clearly defined end-goal offers only the promise of more process , not progress . " Erakat praised Obama for supporting a freeze on Israeli settlement activity . Despite their differences , Obama and Netanyahu agree on numerous key issues , such as U.S. military and financial support for Israel . Obama highlighted his stance during his presidential campaign . Obama also supports funding for Palestinian entities not controlled by Hamas , which controls Gaza and which the United States labels a terrorist organization . Before making his trip to Washington , Netanyahu met with leaders of Jordan and Egypt , viewed as potential partners in the effort to bring peace to the region . Obama will host Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on May 26 and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas on May 28 . He is also scheduled to deliver a long-awaited speech on relations between the United States and the Muslim world in Cairo , Egypt , on June 4 . Some Palestinian leaders have expressed hope that Netanyahu , under pressure from the new U.S. administration , may soon choose to accept the principle of a two-state solution . "  If , in fact , Mr. Netanyahu were to make an unequivocal statement about acceptance of this as a solution concept , then he should immediately be asked to begin , immediately , to implement Israel 's other obligations under the road map , " said Salam Fayyad , the Palestinian prime minister . The road map , put together by the Mideast Quartet -- composed of the European Union , Russia , the United Nations and the United States -- calls on Israel to stop settlement building and Palestinians to stop terrorism . The plan was introduced in 2003 but immediately stalled . Monday 's meeting between Obama and Netanyahu was largely expected to be a chance for the two sides to discuss their positions rather than iron out differences . Aides on both sides stressed that each leader views the other as a friend in peace efforts . CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	President Obama , Israeli prime minister meet for first time as national leaders Obama and Benjamin Netanyahu discuss approach to Mideast peace Leaders also touched on Iran 's nuclear ambitions Israeli settlements illustrate divide between the two
CNN  -- In 1957 Bill Marriott was a 25-year-old former navy officer urging his entrepreneur father to give him a shot at revitalizing the family 's first hotel , outside Washington D.C. Fast forward 55 years and as executive chairman of Marriott International , Bill Marriott has built a world-renowned , multi-billion dollar hotel chain . Back when Marriott got involved with the D.C. hotel the 365-room facility was an under-performing part of his family 's business portfolio , which then primarily consisted of restaurants and food stalls . "  My father was a restaurateur and he did n't really understand the  hotel  side ... of the business , " Marriott told CNN 's Richard Quest . "  I started focusing on what would make this hotel successful , " he added . "  All of a sudden , I figured out we 'd make more money in the hotel business than we would ever make in the restaurant business . " In more than half a century in the industry , Marriott , now 80 , has built a hotel empire of more than 3,700 properties . When it comes to changes in a fast-moving business , Marriott has seen it all . When he started out in the 50s , Marriott was a single brand . These days , the industry is characterized by segmentation , with hotel corporations producing ever-more niche brands . "  In 1981 we had a lot of big box city hotels ... someone said we are going to run out of great locations where we can build these hotels , we 've got to do something to build the company -- let 's go and build a hotel for the business man . " The result ? In 1983 Marriott introduced its Courtyard brand . "  We built a 150-room Courtyard in the suburbs of Atlanta , " Marriot told Quest . "  It was tremendously successful , so then we just started cranking out these Courtyards . They did n't have a lot of services -- limited restaurant menu , no bellman , no room service , no parking attendants -- but it was a low price for a great room . " See also : 9 best secret hotels in the world The Marriott portfolio now comprises 18 different hotel brands , including Ritz-Carlton and Fairfield Inn , which target different types of traveler , be they businesspeople , families , or budget travelers . And he believes there 's room for more brands . "  We 've just added AC Hotels in Europe and Autograph Collection  a series of Marriott-owned independent hotels  two years ago ... so we 've got a lot of stuff going on , " he said . And whereas once it may have been enough to simply provide hotel guests with a clean , comfortable place to sleep for the night , today 's customers demand more individual attention . "  If somebody asks the best place to have dinner , we know where that is , " said Marriott . "  The best place to get an Armani bag ? We know where that is . Where is the best place to go sightseeing ? We are interested in taking care of your visit . " Marriott says the biggest change he has seen in the last 20 years is the focus on the international market . In 1969 Marriott opened its first international hotel in Acapulco , Mexico . It now has facilities in 73 countries and territories around the world . Marriott said he first realized the true importance of the international market when his company expanded into Asia . See also : Make the most of your Singapore stopover "  We went into Hong Kong in 1989 ... I had a feeling we had to be in Asia , we had to be over there . There was growth coming , " he said . "  I went to China in 1979 -- there was nothing but Mao suits on bicycles , no cars , everybody wore the same clothing -- but we could start to see glimmers of interest . " Today there are 171 Marriott hotels operating in Asia and a further 85 in the pipeline , mirroring the region 's rise to economic prominence during the same period . Marriott highlighted one final change in the hotel industry over the last 20 years , one that reflects a huge change in society as a whole : the prevalence of technology . "  We continually fight the battle  for  more broadband , better access , " he said . "  Technology is very , very important . Thirty percent of our reservations come through the internet . We are in the top eight or nine purveyors on the internet . " Marriott has recently stepped down as CEO and taken up the more hands-off position of executive chairman , passing on day-to-day control of the company to former president and COO Arne Sorenson . But Marriott 's not about to give up all of his influence over the company he built . "  It 's my life , it 's my vocation , " he said of his work over the last 55 years . "  I do n't play golf , I do n't have a yacht . I work and I visit hotels ... it 's in my DNA , " he said .	Bill Marriott first became involved in his family 's hotel business in 1957 Almost 55 years later he has built a multi-billion dollar hotel empire Marriott has seen the industry has changed dramatically during his career
Draper , Utah  CNN  -- Convicted killer Ronnie Lee Gardner was executed early Friday by firing squad , the Utah Department of Corrections said . Gardner , 49 , is only the third person in 33 years to die by firing squad in the United States . He was killed at 12:20 a.m. MST  2:20 a.m. ET  , a Corrections Department spokesman said . A hood was placed over Gardner 's head and a paper target pinned to his chest . He was heavily restrained as a five-person firing squad took aim at the target and shot him , witnesses said . Journalists who witnessed the shooting said it happend quickly . One reporter said she noticed that Gardner moved after he was shot . "  It was over pretty quickly , " said Cheryl Worsley , a local radio reporter . "  It was cleaner than I expected . It was fast . But he moved . He moved a little bit , and to some degree that bothers me . " Outside the prison in Draper Utah , there was a candlelight vigil attended by members of Gardner 's family . "  He did things bad in the past , but now he realizes what he did and he changed the last couple of years , " said his granddaughter Darian Gardner , breaking into tears . "  I got to know him the last couple of years . It sucks when you have to say goodbye to someone that is like your best friend . " The execution came after Gardner 's last-ditch efforts to save himself had failed . The U.S. Supreme Court rejected a request Thursday to temporarily stay the execution . Utah Gov. Gary Herbert rejected two appeals by Gardner 's attorneys to stop the execution , saying he had every chance to present his case . Gardner , 49 , was convicted for the shooting death of attorney Michael Burdell during a botched escape attempt from custody in 1985 at a Salt Lake City , Utah , courthouse . Among the claims Gardner raised in his appeals is that he has been a death-row inmate for too long . "  He asserts that executing him now , after nearly 25 years on death-row in Utah , so lacks retributive or deterrent value that it violates the Eighth Amendment , " Andrew Parnes , Gardner 's lawyer , told the high court . A federal judge late Tuesday declined to block the execution , after Gardner claimed the procedures related to a two-day commutation hearing held by the state Board of Pardons and Parole last week violated his civil rights . The parole board Monday declined to commute Gardner 's sentence to life in prison , and the Utah Supreme Court on Tuesday also denied his request for a stay . Gardner was the third person to die by rifle fire , all in Utah , since the Supreme Court restored the death penalty in 1976 . He had a long history of escapes and was slipped a gun before he fatally shot Burdell on April 2 , 1985 . He was at the courthouse for a pre-trial hearing in the 1984 slaying of Melvyn Otterstrom , who was killed at the Salt Lake City bar where he was working to earn extra money . Corrections officials announced Gardner had consumed his last meal Tuesday night at 6:30 p.m. , and chose to fast prior to the anticipated execution . His dinner included steak , lobster , 7-Up , apple pie and vanilla ice cream . CNN 's Ashley Hayes and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : Witnesses said the execution was fast Ronnie Lee Gardner executed by firing squad Supreme Court earlier denied stay of execution appeal Third person killed by firing squad in U.S. in 33 years .
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- The clothing factory fire that killed more than 100 workers in Bangladesh over the weekend was no accident , the country 's prime minister said . The fire Saturday at the factory near Dhaka , and a second fire at another factory Monday were "  planned arson , " Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said Monday . Two people were arrested Monday trying to set fire to an apparel factory on the outskirts of Dhaka , but local police said they had not yet found any links between the arrests and the other factory fires . Hasina 's remarks came the night before Tuesday 's day of mourning for those killed at the factory and for the victims from a recent overpass collapse in southeastern Bangladesh . All apparel factories were to be closed Tuesday , and special prayers will be offered at mosques , churches and temples , the government said . Meanwhile , Wal-Mart Stores Inc. put some distance between it and the clothing factory , saying the factory was no longer authorized to produce merchandise for the company . "  A supplier subcontracted work to this factory without authorization and in direct violation of our policies . Today , we have terminated the relationship with that supplier , " Wal-Mart said Monday . The clothing factory , housed in a multistory building near the Bangladeshi capital of Dhaka , caught fire Saturday night . More than 100 people were killed and at least 200 were injured as they rushed to escape the factory in Ashulia , police said . "  How the factory caught fire , I do n't know . But when we heard ` fire , ' we all rushed out and we were trying to get out of the factory , " said Parul Begum , a survivor . "  One factory worker broke a window and one of the workers pulled me through . After the fire , we tried to run out the door , but it was locked . When the floor  became  dark with smoke , the boys came to rescue me , " she said . Fire rips through clothing factory near Dhaka Thousands of workers from dozens of clothing factories in Ashulia took to the streets Monday to protest the deaths of their colleagues . The protesters blocked traffic and demonstrated for several hours , demanding compensation and a full investigation into what happened . The Bangladeshi government has ordered such an investigation , asking two committees to file reports within a week . On Tuesday , Hasina urged factory owners to be more careful about the safety of their workers , but also to remain vigilant to the possibility of suspicious activities in their mills . Overpass collapse kills 11 in Bangladesh Police and witnesses said the latest fire , at a 10-story clothing factory in the suburb of Uttara , began Monday morning , and it took firefighters about four hours to bring it under control . "  Firefighters have brought the flames under control , and no one died in the incident , " Brigadier Gen. Abu Nayeem Mohammad Shahidullah , director general of Bangladesh Fire Service and Civil Defense , told reporters . Local police said at least 10 people were injured in Uttara as they jumped from windows to escape . They said the fire began on the second floor , where a large quantity of fabric and yarn were stored , and it spread immediately to the fourth floor . Bangladesh 's ready-made garments make up 80 % of the country 's $ 24 billion in annual exports . The country has about 4,500 garment factories that make clothes for stores including Tesco , Wal-Mart , J.C. Penney , H&M , Marks & Spencer , Kohl 's and Carrefour . The sector earned $ 19 billion this year as of June . The state-run news agency , Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha  BSS  , recently reported that some 6,000 people die every year in fires in the country . CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : Bangladesh 's prime minister says arsonists were behind the deadly factory fire Wal-Mart cuts ties with a supplier that subcontracted work to the factory More than 100 people were killed in the blaze in Bangladesh A day of mourning is scheduled for Tuesday
CNN  -- An outspoken Saudi human rights advocate who was imprisoned without charge for nearly eight months was freed this weekend , according to a fellow human rights activist . Matrook al-Faleh , shown in 2004 , was seized after he criticized prison conditions , says Human Rights Watch . Matrook al-Faleh "  is doing very well " after leaving Al-Hayer maximum security prison near Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , late Saturday , said colleague Mohammed al-Qahtani , who visited al-Faleh on Sunday . "  He is very healthy and his morale is quite high -- surprisingly after eight months , " said al-Qahtani . Both men are Saudi college professors . It 's unclear why al-Faleh was arrested . A Human Rights Watch report condemning the arrest and urging al-Faleh 's release said his detention came two days after he publicly criticized conditions in a prison where two other Saudi human rights activists are imprisoned . It was also unclear why he was held for so long . According to al-Qahtani , Saudi law mandates that no one can be held for more than six months without charge . "  The criminal code says you charge him or release him , but sometimes they do not respect the law they issued , " al-Qahtani said . An official at the Saudi Interior Ministry said he had no details about al-Faleh 's case . Jamila al-Uqla , al-Faleh 's wife , spoke to CNN in May , shortly after her husband was detained . She described how her husband had been arrested without charge and interrogated repeatedly . Al-Faleh had decided to go on a hunger strike to demand that he be told why he was being held , she said . His wife stressed that she and al-Faleh are patriotic Saudis . "  My husband is transparent and does n't hide anything , " said al-Uqla . "  He says whatever he sees . He has loyalty to his country and the interests of his country . " It was not Al-Faleh 's first brush with the Saudi legal system . Al-Faleh , Abdullah al-Hamid and Ali al-Dumaini , who runs a Saudi discussion Web site , were arrested in 2004 for circulating a petition meant for then-Crown Prince Abdullah which called for a constitution guaranteeing basic human rights . A court sentenced al-Faleh , Abdullah al-Hamid and Ali al-Dumaini , to six , seven and nine years respectively . But King Abdullah pardoned them in August 2005 , Human Rights Watch said .	Saudi professor Matrook al-Faleh imprisoned for eight months without charge He was released from a prison near Riyadh late Saturday , fellow activist says Rights group : Al-Faleh 's detention came after he criticized prison conditions
CNN  -- Some 20,000 text messages , 25 photographs including nudes , and alleged secret meetings have prompted prosecutors to rescind a plea offer and request that bond be revoked for Florida teen Kaitlyn Hunt , charged with felonies in a sexual relationship with a 14-year-old girl , according to court papers . Hunt , who turned 19 last Wednesday , was charged with two felony counts of lewd and lascivious battery after the parents of a then-14-old schoolmate went to authorities in Indian River County saying Hunt had a sexual relationship with their daughter . After the case gained nationwide publicity , Hunt was offered a plea deal in which she would not face jail time , nor would she have to wear an ankle bracelet or have to register as a sex offender . But Florida Assistant State Attorney Christopher Taylor told CNN Monday that since learning about Hunt 's alleged contact with the victim in this case , the state has taken the deal off the table . Texts , photos and meetings would violate a no-contact court order issued in February as a condition of Hunt 's being out of jail while awaiting trial . Prosecutors now say in court papers that also in February , Hunt gave the girl an iPod . The device was used to receive and send about 20,000 text messages between the two , according to the court papers . Hunt also is accused of sending photographs and videos to the girl , with the court papers saying "  These photographs are explicit and depict the defendant nude ... " Prosecutors included examples of texts they say Hunt sent to the girl , including : "  N  o matter what if they find out we talked I 'm going to jail until trial starts . " The texts are proof that Hunt was "  consciously and intentionally violating the court 's order , " prosecutors said in the papers . Prosecutors also say that the younger girl told a detective that Hunt would drive her to "  a remote location where they would have intimate physical contact . " The court papers claim that the most recent meeting took place two weeks ago . The Hunt family refused to comment and their attorney has not responded to CNN 's request for an interview . The case gained national attention when Hunt 's family went public on Facebook after she was charged , detailing their daughter 's case and essentially accusing the victim 's family of going after their daughter because she is gay . The victim 's family said that is n't true and that they were only trying to protect their teenage daughter . A judge will decide Tuesday whether Hunt 's bond should be revoked and if that happens , she could be jailed .	Kaitlyn Hunt faces felony charges from her relationship with a female classmate Hunt was 18 , the girl was 14 when the girl 's parents went to authorities Prosecutors say Hunt violated a no-contact order with texts , meetings with the girl A plea offer has been rescinded and her bond should be revoked , prosecutors say
Washington  CNN  -- For political junkies , 2013 was expected to be a quiet year following the presidential election and it basically followed the script . Nonetheless , there were some interesting developments at the ballot box . New Jersey , as expected , returned Gov. Chris Christie to office and also sent Cory Booker to the U.S. Senate . Bill de Blasio became the first Democrat elected New York City Mayor in two decades , and Democrats , led by Terry McAuliffe , swept the top three executive offices in Virginia for the first time in recent memory . Were these outcomes isolated or do they mean anything for 2014 , when candidates will heat up the campaign trail big time ahead of next November 's congressional midterms and key gubernatorial elections ? In the new year , 435 House seats are up as are 35 in the Senate . There will be 36 gubernatorial races as well . Most of these campaigns wo n't be nail biters , but there could be collective power shifts in Washington and in state houses . Here , CNN Politics focuses on the Senate , where Republicans aim to retake control . Republicans must pick up six seats to claim the majority and key races are wide open at this point . The top 12 campaign questions of 2014 Five key races : Kentucky The incumbent is Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , who is under pressure from two fronts : Democrats , naturally , and from a tea party challenger within his own Republican Party who says he 's not conservative enough . While McConnell is likely to defeat his primary opponent , Matt Bevin , he is expending money and other resources he 'd rather use in a general election campaign against Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes . The Kentucky race is likely to be one of the most expensive nationally . As a leader of the GOP , McConnell has access to major donors and party members do n't like to see their leaders lose . Democrats want McConnell out and are investing heavily , too . 2014 : The year of the blame game in Washington Alaska Sarah Palin put Alaska politics on the national map in 2008 but her Republican Party lost a Senate seat that year . Democratic incumbent Mark Begich is running again , but the GOP sees the seat as winnable . Begich is n't unpopular but a Democratic Senator in the reliably red state is just about as rare as a 70-degree winter day in Nome . The GOP aims to demonstrate that Begich 's election was a fluke and not the start of a trend , and he is fully aware that the road to reelection will be tough . He is already trying to dissociate himself from the Democratic Party with the self-defining tagline : "  As independent as Alaska . " Begich is also distancing himself from President Barack Obama , who 's struggling in polls , and the Affordable Care Act , the President 's health care reforms that are unpopular with Republicans . Three Republicans are vying for the chance to take on Begich : Lt. Gov. Mead Treadwell , Dan Sullivan , a former state official , and Joe Miller , who sought to unseat Alaska 's other Senator , Lisa Murkowski , in 2010 . She lost to him in the Republican primary but prevailed as an Independent in the general election . Louisiana For Sen. Mary Landrieu , it 's deja vu . As a Democrat in an increasingly red state , Landrieu narrowly won her 1996 , 2002 and 2008 elections , and her 2014 bid should be just as challenging . Republicans are already hammering Landrieu over the airwaves for her vote in favor of the Affordable Care Act . But the candidate preferred by the GOP establishment , Rep. Bill Cassidy , must also contend with Rob Maness , a retired U.S. Air Force colonel , in a primary . Maness is a tea party favorite . "  This race has a long way to go , particularly since Cassidy is n't well known outside his district , but it is safe to say that this may end up being the most difficult race of Landrieu 's Senate career , " wrote Jennifer Duffy , senior editor at the non-partisan Coook Political Report . In Louisiana , all candidates run on a single "  primary " ballot in November . If someone breaks the 50 % mark , there 's no general election . But if that threshold is not broken , the top two finishers head to a run-off in December . Wyoming Wyoming 's Senate seat should remain safely in GOP hands in the general election , but an already very contentious contest for the Republican nomination should keep the race in the spotlight for much of 2014 , since the primary 's not until August 19 . Things got ugly immediately after Liz Cheney , the eldest daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney , announced in July that she would mount a primary challenge against three-term GOP Sen. MIke Enzi , who faced no Republican opposition in his last re-election bid . Both sides have attacked each , from claims of carpet bagging to whether the Senator and the former Vice President were actually fishing buddies . Liz Cheney even got into a very public squabble over same-sex marriage with her younger sister , who 's married to another woman . While polls indicate Enzi is the front-runner , Cheney has some advantages . "  Liz Cheney does n't appear to be getting much traction against Enzi , but she will be well-funded and Enzi ca n't afford to take her for granted , " cautioned Duffy . While entertaining , Wyoming 's primary race does n't appear to be following the typical grassroots vs. mainstream script . "  Wyoming is somewhat of a misfit race , not only because it is last on the calendar but the GOP race between Sen. Mike Enzi and Liz Cheney does n't fit neatly into the establishment vs. anti-establishment narrative . Anyone with the last name of Cheney is n't exactly a political outsider in a Republican contest , " writes Nathan Gonzales , deputy editor of the non-partisan Rothenberg Political Report . Georgia The Georgia Senate seat up for grabs is held by a Republican who decided not to seek reelection . That leaves a wide open battle for fresh faces . In a traditionally Republican state , which Mitt Romney won by 7 points in 2012 , Democrats are making a play in what Cook Political Report sees as "  one of the Democrats ' few opportunities " to pick up a seat . The Democratic candidate has never run for office before but her well-known family name could help her cause . Michelle Nunn , the daughter of former Sen. Sam Nunn , "  has run a very strong campaign " for a first-time candidate Duffy wrote . The Republican side of the race is interesting as well with eight candidates battling to win the nomination . They include three sitting members of Congress and a former Georgia Secretary of State . Reps Phil Gingrey , Jackson Kingston and Paul Broun are all trying to outdo each other on the conservative side . A far-right platform could result in electoral success in the primary but make it more difficult for the nominee to beat Nunn in the general election . The biggest campaign moments of 2013 Those are the five big ones , but there are some other races to watch , too . New Hampshire : Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , a former governor , appears as of now to be on the road to re-election in the Granite State . But all eyes are on former Republican Sen. Scott Brown , who 's been flirting with a run . If Brown does go , this contest would immediately land in the national political spotlight . Brown represented Massachusetts in the Senate but lost his reelection bid in 2012 and his move to New Hampshire is raising eyebrows . Iowa : Longtime Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin 's retirement gives the GOP a prime pickup opportunity in this Midwestern swing state . But while Democrats have rallied around four-term Rep. Bruce Braley , the battle for the Republican nomination is wide open among candidates without strong name recognition . Arkansas and North Carolina : Like Begich and Landrieu , Democratic Sens Kay Hagan of North Carolina and Mark Pryor of Arkansas face tough re-elections in Republican friendly states . Montana , West Virginia , and South Dakota : The retirements of longtime Sens Max Baucus of Montana , Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia , and Tim Johnson of South Dakota could put Democrats in a bind . All three states are considered red , and all , especially South Dakota , present the GOP with prime pickup opportunities . A white mayor for the ` Chocolate City ' ?	There are 435 House seats and 35 Senate seats up in November midterms Republicans must pick up six seats to win control of the Senate Additionally , there are 36 gubernatorial races , a number of them with national implications Kentucky could be the most expensive race with Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell up
CNN  -- A 65-year-old man 's remains were stashed in containers across South Florida , police said Thursday , releasing the victim 's identity one day after charging another man in his murder . Police began looking into the case last month after finding body parts strewn around three counties in the southern part of the state . On Thursday , Fort Lauderdale police said in a statement that those remains belonged to Warren Danzig , whose last known mailing address was in Davie , about 10 miles southwest of downtown Fort Lauderdale . Police contended a day earlier that Jamie Saffran killed Danzig sometime between November 2 and November 5 and then dismembered his body . Saffran then stole Danzig 's credit card and used it to pay his own daughter 's college tuition and buy tires for his Jeep , authorities said . According to the Broward County Medical Examiners Office , Danzig died from "  blunt force trauma . " The police affidavit says the gruesome discoveries of his remains began in Fort Lauderdale on November 6 , when police responded to a call about a suspicious container . Inside that bucket they found human legs and arms , poorly masked by concrete . Additional agencies became involved in the investigation as more body parts -- which included the victim 's head and torso -- were found in similar containers in three counties , the affidavit says . "  As the multijurisdictional investigation progressed , further evidence led investigators to suspect Saffran 's involvement in the homicide , " Fort Lauderdale police said . During a search at Saffran 's home , authorities discovered a shovel covered with concrete and a sledgehammer "  that presumptively tested for human blood , " the affidavit says . They also found two bags of cement and several sharp tools , it says . DNA testing conclusively linked the strewn body parts to Danzig , authorities say . Saffran told detectives that he and the victim had been friends for several years . He added that the two even shared a home mailing address , although Saffran claimed that Danzig more recently lived in the Dominican Republic . According to the police report , Saffran said the two last saw each other about October 31 . InSession 's Adam Blank contributed to this report .	Fort Lauderdale police say Warren Danzig wasa killed and dismembered Jamie Saffran , 51 , was with first-degree murder in Danzig 's death Saffran told police that he 'd been friends with the victim for years , an affidavit says Danzig 's body parts were found in separate containers stashed across South Florida
London  CNN  -- The only thing more horrifying than the murder of a British soldier in a London street is the fear that there is little police can do in the age of "  open-source jihad " to prevent these types of terror attacks . "  It 's always the one we feared , the lone wolf that can come from nowhere and not be on our radar , " said ex-London police chief John Yates . On Wednesday two men hacked the soldier to death near his military barracks in Woolwich , southeast London before delivering a message to a witness 's camera : "  We swear by almighty Allah we will never stop fighting you until you leave us alone ... this British soldier is an eye for an eye , a tooth for tooth . " LATEST : London murder victim named The message has all the hallmarks of classic al Qaeda rhetoric , and experts believe the blood-soaked men wielding cleavers for the cameras in London are just the latest proponents of the "  open-source jihad " that seems to have grown just as the U.S.-led "  War on Terror " scattered the organization 's terror cells around the world . "  Nearly a decade ago there was a debate within al Qaeda about the future of the organization , " according to Shiraz Maher , Head of Outreach at the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation . "  Afghanistan had been overrun by U.S. forces , the Taliban had been forced to retreat , and as a result al Qaeda lost its ability to train recruits there . " The organization needed a new plan to stay relevant as the U.S. struck at the heart of its traditional operation in places like Afghanistan , Pakistan and Yemen . Enter a man called Abu Musab al-Suri , the so-called architect of the new al Qaeda , who had a simple plan to change the way al Qaeda took the fight to the West . "  Every Muslim should be an army of one , " Maher told CNN . "  That was his grand idea -- every individual Muslim should be an autonomous hub that goes out and strikes the West and you ca n't contain it . " Al-Suri may have had the vision , but it was al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  that translated it into reality in 2010 through the online speeches of radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki -- since killed by a U.S. drone strike -- and the publishing of "  Inspire , " the English-language magazine that acts as a how-to guide for followers to carry out small-scale terrorist attacks in the West . "  Since 2010 al Qaeda has been telling its followers in the West : ` Do n't try and do another 9/11 or 7/7-style attack because invariably these things catch the attention of security services and you go to jail . Think small , think easy , think unsophisticated . Really scale it down to make it difficult to detect , because really it 's a detection battle , ' " Maher said . "  What they 're demonstrating is you can do something very easy -- go buy a knife , go stab somebody , it 's impossible to stop . Provided you pick a sensitive target , you can still cause absolute pandemonium . " So this is the growing struggle facing police forces around the world today , say experts -- not more traditional terror cells , which are more likely to show up through traditional surveillance methods , but self-starters who become radicalized through online sermons and publications . READ MORE : The changing face of terrorism In 2011 New York police arrested Jose Pimentel and accused him of plotting to detonate pipe bombs that he allegedly learned to make after reading "  Inspire " magazine . Pimental pleaded not guilty to terrorism charges and is awaiting trial . The pressure cooker bombs that killed three people near the finish line of April 's Boston Marathon bore strong similarities to a design laid out in the first issue of the magazine titled "  How to Build a Bomb in Your Mom 's Kitchen , " according to CNN 's Paul Cruickshank . In 2010 British MP Stephen Timms was nearly killed when a 21-year-old British student stabbed him during a meeting with his constituents in east London . The student , Roshonara Choudhry , told police she had become radicalized after watching the speeches of al-Awlaki online , and tried to kill Timms because he voted in favor of the Iraq War . Yates , who was Metropolitan Police assistant commissioner until he retired in 2011 , told CNN : "  As someone who has tried to prevent these attacks in the past , they 're the most difficult ones . "  If we have some serious targets , then of course you can apply the correct level of resources and tactics ...  but  Choudhry had never come to the attention of any authorities at any point . " OPINION : Real enemy in London hacking death So what , if anything , can be done to prevent lone wolf attacks ? The grisly murder in Woolwich has prompted calls for Britain 's government to look again at a shelved bill that would greatly expand law enforcement 's powers to monitor suspects ' use of the internet , which is currently only possible on a more limited basis . "  There is some internet surveillance going on , " said Yates . "  It 's been made very clear by police chiefs in recent weeks that if you download something like ` Inspire ' you will be arrested , it is an offence and you will be charged . " So where to draw the line between free speech and invasion of privacy ? The proposal to expand police powers for collecting online data caused uproar among privacy advocates in late 2012 , but the government says more robust surveillance tools are now needed to effectively combat terrorism . While acknowledging there are "  powerful " arguments on both sides , Yates said : "  All I know is that you 've got to do something , because the level of sophistication in technology is going to make it extraordinarily challenging to improve the way that the internet and other means of communication are monitored if nothing 's done . " READ MORE : UK Muslims condemn London slaying But radicalization expert Maher said monitoring the internet and tracking down anyone who downloads an al-Awlaki speech or a bomb-making guide wo n't solve the lone wolf problem . "  You do n't have to have read ` Inspire ' anymore -- everyone knows what 's going on because , if nothing else , the media talks about it so much . The idea of committing an unsophisticated attack against a high-profile symbol is out there . It 's an impossible thing to work against , " he said . Yates says in order to prevent future attacks , counter-terrorism police must bolster their community engagement strategy -- making local people feel "  free and able to provide relevant information at the right time . " "  It comes back to the line from the 1980s with the IRA : ` Communities defeat terrorism . ' That was the strap-line then , and it 's no different today . "	Two men murder British soldier in broad daylight on busy London street Video shows a man with a cleaver and swearing "  by almighty Allah " to keep fighting Experts say killing has hallmarks of ` lone wolf ' terrorism Al Qaeda changed tactic in recent years : "  Every Muslim should be an army of one "
CNN  -- Injured Formula One star Felipe Massa is looking forward to taking his first steps towards driving again after passing a series of mental and physical tests in Miami . Felipe Massa has been given the all-clear to begin training as he bids to return to the race track . His team Ferrari reported on its Web site on Tuesday that the Brazilian , who suffered horrific head wounds in Hungary in July , had come through the tests satisfactorily on Monday . "  The checks  which included neurometric , impact and cognitive capacity tests  all had a positive outcome , just like the eye exam : everything is in order for Felipe to get back to racing , " the statement said . "  Now there has just to be carried out some plastic surgery at the brain box , where the spring at the accident at the Hungaroring hit his helmet . "  The surgery will take place in the upcoming days . After a short convalescence Felipe can then gradually start with physical preparations . " The 28-year-old , who finished second in last year 's drivers ' world championship , said that he planned to take things slowly following the operation . "  I 'm very happy about the results , " he told www.Ferrari.com before returning home to Sao Paulo . "  After the small surgery , in the next few days I can finally start to go to the gym to get back into shape and drive some tests in karts . "  On the track with a Formula One single-seater ? Let 's take it step by step . At the moment I 'm concentrating on taking up physical activities , which is a great step forward . " Ferrari said Massa was expected to be at 100 percent fitness in time for the 2010 season , but gave no indication whether he would return to racing this year -- he has , however , indicated that he would like to drive at his home Brazilian Grand Prix on October 18 . His replacement , test driver Luca Badoer , is not expected to drive at the Italian Grand Prix two weekends away after finishing last in his two races so far . Badoer , who stepped into the breach when F1 legend Michael Schumacher was unable to make a shock return to the sport due to a neck problem , was not allowed to test drive the current Ferrari vehicle during the four-week summer break due to this year 's regulations . Veteran Italian Giancarlo Fisichella has been linked with Ferrari after finishing second at the Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday , but his team Force India insist that he will race for them at Monza . Highly-rated Polish driver Robert Kubica is also in the running to replace Badoer , with his team BMW Sauber dropping out of F1 at the end of this season . Badoer 's results aside , Ferrari have enjoyed a renaissance since Massa 's injury , with 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen winning in Belgium to end a personal drought of 26 races and placing third in Valencia .	Injured F1 star Felipe Massa passes series of mental and physical tests The Brazilian driver can begin training following minor surgery this week Massa suffered horrific head injuries after a freak accident in Hungary in July Ferrari expected to drop his struggling replacement Luca Badoer
CNN  -- At first it may seem "  24 's " Jack Bauer did n't get the memo . In 2014 , our heroes now wear capes and fight the bad guys at the box office , while the small screen has been taken over by a gang of antiheroes . From "  Scandal " and "  Mad Men " to "  Breaking Bad " and "  House of Cards , " the recent slate of leading men are n't as interested in saving the world as they are in saving themselves . Yet on Monday night  May 5  , counterterrorism agent Bauer will return in Fox 's "  24 " event series , "  24 : Live Another Day . " He 's once again played by Kiefer Sutherland and is as determined as ever to do the right thing . Those around Bauer may question which side he 's on , but viewers have always known him as the guy willing to do anything  and we mean anything  for what he sees as the greater good . In a TV world filled with monsters and Heisenbergs , where does Bauer fit in ? In a sense , the 12-episode "  24 : Live Another Day " is asking that very question . When "  24 " ended in 2010 , Bauer was still alive but a fugitive . In its two-hour premiere , "  24 : Live Another Day " picks up four years later with a hardened , angrier Bauer living in exile as a presumed threat to the U.S. government . "  He 's actually working on his own , but the people that he 's trying to help are actually hunting him and they 're trying to either kill him or arrest him , " Sutherland told CNN in a press call . "  He 's had to hide in Eastern Europe for four years . He 's been estranged from his daughter and grandchildren , he has not been able to go back to the country that he feels he served . That kind of isolation has made him really hard . " And yet , as executive producers Evan Katz and Manny Coto point out , he 'll still jump at the chance to stop another attempt on a president 's life without asking , as many of our favorite characters would today , what 's in it for him . "  Jack is an individual who has saved his country numerous times and now that country has turned his back on him , " Coto said . "  On the outside  he 's  changed and has a darker view of humanity and the people around him , but at his core has maintained his love of country and what he 's always fought for . " That core is undoubtedly part of what made audiences root for the impossibly unstoppable federal agent when "  24 " debuted in 2001 . With a premiere date that came just weeks after the September 11 attacks , "  24 " greeted TV viewers badly in need of a hero . "  He was a man who got things done at a time when that was all this country wanted , " observed Los Angeles Times ' TV critic Mary McNamara . "  I do n't think Sutherland cracked a smile during the entire run of ' 24 . ' He was all business . " At the time , the series was one of a few new programs focusing on the CIA , but "  24 " was unique in its setup . Each week 's episode covered one hour of a very long , very bad day for Jack Bauer , with the conceit that all the events viewers were watching were happening in real time . Although the series was shot five months prior to the September 11 attacks , that event seemed to rule out "  24 's " success , Sutherland said .  It 's not surprising he assumed as much , given that "  24 's " premiere episode featured a terrorist placing a bomb on a plane . "  After that terrible day we personally thought the show was over and we should n't do it because it was too close to something that had really happened , " Sutherland said . "  We were very surprised to see the audience reaction ... to the show early on . Somehow there was something that made Jack 's character quite cathartic . " To producer Katz , audiences have connected with Bauer because he 's "  selfless in a way that a lot of the other characters are n't . He 's not ambitious , he does n't care about what happens to him , " the producer said . While that may make him unique in today 's TV world , at the very least it 'll help him stand apart . "  He 's definitely a singular character , " Katz noted . "  No one is occupying the same pace . " Now with his return , there 's another fight that Bauer is facing that has nothing to do with a world leader . The question of whether audiences are interested in welcoming back this gun-toting archetype , and whether this event series will be a success or a disappointment for Fox , does n't have a straightforward answer , said Variety 's Brian Lowry . The TV critic was n't that impressed with "  24 's " new event series , noting that it "  does n't in any way reinvent the show . " Although , Lowry continued , that may be enough for fans who are content to watch what they would 've seen in the mid-2000s "  in a more truncated form . " For Sutherland , the concern is less about ratings and the possibility that there could be more "  24 " on the horizon as it is about doing justice to the man he brought to life for nine years . During production on the event series , which is set and shot in London , "  we became so focused on trying to make these the best episodes of ' 24 ' period , " Sutherland said . "  I feel very , very strong about the first eight episodes that we have completed . Now we just need to really bring it home . "	Jack Bauer returns to TV with event series "  24 : Live Another Day " The character does n't quite fit the current antihero trend But the reason he became so popular is because of his "  get it done " attitude
Mashable  -- The internet is growing fast , but Google is growing even faster . According to online security company Arbor Networks , Google now represents an average 6.4 percent of all internet traffic . This is a new record for Google , as it gained more than 1 percent of all internet traffic share since January . Now , only one global ISP handles more traffic , and a lot of that traffic is Google 's traffic , anyway . The number is even more incredible if you consider that internet traffic is growing at a staggering 40 to 45 percent each year , and Google is still gaining market share . However , Google 's share may be even bigger , possibly up to 8 to 12 percent , if you account for traffic offloaded by Google Global Cache deployments , Arbor Networks ' Craig Labovitz claims . So far , Google 's revenue seems to be keeping up with its traffic ; we wonder which one will grow faster ?  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Google gained more than 1 percent of all internet traffic share since January Only one global ISP handles more traffic Internet traffic is growing at a staggering 40 to 45 percent each year
CNN  -- A man was shot and killed Saturday in Oakland , California , during a confrontation with Bay Area Rapid Transit officers and Oakland police , police spokesman Jeff Thomason said . The incident occurred after Oakland police received a call about 8:15 a.m.  11:15 a.m. ET  of an armed man walking toward the Fruitvale BART station , according to Thomason . Police notified BART officers , who also responded . BART officers were the first to reach the suspect , described as a Hispanic male between 30 and 40 years old , Thomason said . The BART officers chased the man from the station to the street , where Oakland police joined in the pursuit over four blocks in the Fruitvale area . Thomason said Oakland police tried to Taser the man twice , but to no effect . The man , armed with two knives , then attempted to charge at one of the officers , a police statement said . Multiple officers opened fire , killing him , the statement said . The man has not yet been identified , Thomason said . The shooting is under investigation by the Oakland police homicide unit , internal affairs and the Alameda County district attorney . "  Anytime there is a loss of life , it is a matter of great concern and sadness for us all , " Oakland Mayor Ronald Dellums said in a statement . "  It is extremely important that we as a community continue to work together in order to provide a safe and secure environment . Therefore , a thorough investigation of the circumstances surrounding this death has begun . " BART police have also opened a separate , parallel investigation . The incident comes more than a week after a former BART police officer was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the 2009 shooting death of an unarmed black man on a train platform at the Fruitvale station . The January 1 , 2009 , shooting of 22-year-old Oscar Grant was captured on a bystander 's cell-phone video camera . The video was widely circulated on the Internet and on news broadcasts , and it spurred several protests in and around Oakland . The video showed former officer Johannes Mehserle pulling his gun and fatally shooting Grant in the back as another officer knelt on the unarmed man . Mehserle and other Bay Area Rapid Transit police had been called to the Fruitvale station after passengers complained about fights on a train . Officers pulled several men , including Grant , off the train when it arrived at Fruitvale .	Officers were responding to a report of an armed man near the Fruitvale BART station Police tried Tasering the man twice , but were unable to subdue him The man turned on them with a knife , and police opened fire The shooting is under investigation
The White House on Wednesday dismissed an Iranian threat to deploy warships near the U.S. coast , and military experts said Iran lacks the naval capability to do so . Overnight Tuesday , Iranian state news quoted a commander as saying his country plans to have a "  powerful presence " near the U.S. border . In response , White House spokesman Jay Carney said that "  we do n't take these statements seriously , given that they do not reflect at all Iran 's naval capabilities . " Pentagon spokesman George Little echoed Carney 's point , saying Iran has the right to send vessels into international waters , but "  whether they can truly project naval power beyond the region is another question . " "  I would n't read too much into what came out of Iran today , " Little said , adding : "  I think what is said and what is actually done can be two different things . " State-run Press TV in Iran said similar plans were announced in July . However , no Iranian warships ever deployed . In February , two Iranian navy vessels traversed the Suez Canal in the first such voyage by Iranian ships since 1979 . Richard Herrmann , director of the Mershon Center for International Security Studies at The Ohio State University , said Iran 's navy is too small with too miniscule a budget to remain for long off the U.S. coast . "  This is hard to take seriously , because Iran 's navy is very small . This force , whatever it may be , is going to be puny , especially compared to the U.S. Navy , " said Herrmann , who specializes in the use of imagery and posturing in international conflicts . "  Iran does n't have the capability to come within close proximity to  the United States  to conduct hostile activities . Even if  Iran  launched missiles , we would sink their ships immediately . " Iran lacks battleships or aircraft carriers . Its forces are capable of patrolling the Persian Gulf and sailing a short distance in the Indian Ocean , Herrmann said , but keeping ships stationed near the United States , so far from Iran , would be too expensive for the government . "  They would need a place to resupply , refuel , restock crews with food and water . They could n't afford that unless they got help , " Herrmann said . "  I would imagine they could get help from somewhere in South America , maybe Venezuela . " Venezuela and Iran are allied by their anti-U.S. sentiments . Michael Connell , the director of the Iranian studies program at CNA , a Washington-area think tank that specializes in naval analyses , agreed with Herrmann . "  Their navy ca n't reach our coastline right now , " Connell said , describing the Iranian announcement as "  bombastic rhetoric . " "  It 's posturing " by Iran intended for both its domestic and regional audience , Connell said . Making such pronouncements projects a dominant role including naval power , whether or not they can back it up , he added . "  The Iranians have been historically annoyed that we have a naval presence in the Persian Gulf , which is kind of their backyard , " Connell said . The worst move the United States could make now would be to overreact , said John Mueller , the Woody Hayes chair of national security studies at Mershon . "  Hopefully this wo n't play into  American  neo-cons who are itching for a war with Iran , " he said . "  The best thing to do is ignore it and treat it with the contempt it deserves . If Iran wants to waste their time and money on a dwindling supply of fuel  to keep ships  bobbing around in the Atlantic Ocean , then let them . " The idea of Iran moving ships near the U.S. coast is not on par with the Soviet Union flying planes off the coast of Alaska during the Cold War , Mueller noted . The Soviets ' move was legal , and was considered a gesture intended to irritate the United States , he said . "  Those were different circumstances and different players , " Mueller added . Herrmann cautioned that while moving ships near the U.S. coast may not be a real threat , Iran is certainly capable of harming the United States -- but closer to Iran . Iran could attack U.S. ships in the Strait of Hormuz , a waterway between the Gulf of Oman and the Persian Gulf , on the south coast of Iran . Such attacks could disrupt oil markets and scare American tourists , Herrmann said .	The White House says it does n't take the Iranian claim seriously A Pentagon spokesman questions Iran 's naval capability Miltiary experts say Iran is incapable of deploying ships off the U.S. coast State-run news agency says there will be a "  powerful presence " near U.S. borders
CNN  -- There may still be doubts whether the Syrian regime has used chemical weapons against its own civilian population ; but there is however conclusive evidence that it has effectively used the toxic stuff to poison the minds of western policy makers and paralyze the debate over intervention . This is so much so that it has diverted attention from what is happening on the ground in and focused it on the red line that the U.S. has drawn itself behind and seems unable to enforce . In the meantime , the massacres and destruction continues with impunity and the regime is triumphantly declaring victory over its opponents and gleefully celebrating the impotence of the United States . It all started in July last year with the Syrian regime itself throwing the cat among the pigeons by leaking information and acknowledging the existence of chemical weapons for the first time . This was followed by three messages by the Syrian foreign ministry 's spokesperson : One was that the chemical weapons would not be used by the regime against its own population ; two was an implication that the weapons would be used against an outside force while the third and most important message was that the regime was securing the weapons so that they do not fall into the hands of the rebels . This was enough in itself to trigger so many reactions in the west , especially in the US . First and foremost , it evoked the WMD debate over the justification of the Iraq invasion , the effect of that was to create for the Syrian regime a host of unwitting allies among those that were opposed to the Iraq invasion and against any further intervention . U.N. inspectors face enormous obstacles in Syria The issue of chemical weapons became a debate about intervention which then triggered reassuring statements by the Obama administration that there was no intention of intervening in Syria except if the red line of using chemical weapons on civilians was crossed . These statements , in August 2012 , unintentionally also resulted in reassuring the regime that it could carry on its suppression of the revolt with no fear of intervention as long as chemical weapons were not used . In May 2012 , a couple of months before these statements , the deaths of 108 people in one day at Houla , according to the United Nations was considered as a massacre the repetition of which would warrant an intervention . The regime emerged from the episode with what it considered as a green light to continue with suppressing the revolt and the tolerance level was raised to an average casualty rate of between 100 and 200 every day , equal to or double that of Houla . If President Barack Obama 's huffs and puffs are not convincing anymore , their credibility is further undermined by one of his top military men , General Martin Dempsey , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , who recently criticized the president for mentioning the red lines and the possibility of intervention . At the same time Gen. Dempsey was laying down military options so costly and long term that their net effect would further strengthen the hand of the anti-intervention lobby . But there was an even better message from the Pentagon for the Assad regime in November 2012 : despite its opposition to intervention , the Pentagon indicated that it could lay down plans for intervention in Syria to secure the chemical weapons stockpiles "  to prevent them falling into the wrong hands " should the regime lose control with the emerging chaos . One can imagine the relief in Damascus when this is interpreted as the U.S. and its military only worrying enough to think of intervention if and when the regime weakens and there is a possibility of its fall . The flipside of this means that the U.S. can not see beyond the regime and that it would therefore prefer President Bashar al-Assad to stay . Recent comments by Gen. Dempsey about the opposition being incapable of taking over post al-Assad echo similar statements made last October by then-U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Better still , this meant that the green light and the licence to kill its own citizens and regain control of the country was still in effect no matter what public statements say ; and now even that red line about the use of chemical weapons has all but lost its significance . The regime knows full well it can gain endless time by manipulating the mandates and bureaucratic arrangements of U.N. weapons inspectors . It is also further reassured by seeing the issue become part of party political rivalry . Chemical weapons are not the only tool in the regime 's mind games with the West . In the summer of 2011 , while teenage female bloggers and peaceful protesters were being arrested by the thousands , the regime released an estimated 1,500 Islamist prisoners from its jails including some connected to al Qaeda that it has a long experience in dealing with to create chaos in both Iraq and Lebanon . This manoeuver also bore fruit and wreaked havoc both on the ground and in the western debate over Syria , all this while the oil still flows to the regime 's port of Tartus through territories held by those very Islamists that give a boost to the regime 's narrative of fighting terrorism . Now that Syria is back on the international agenda , it may also be the time to re-evaluate what is happening there and look beyond the red herrings that the regime throws at us with the aim of diverting attention from its crimes . The cost of non-intervention is now alas too obvious to elaborate upon . After more than 100,000 dead , refugees and displaced in the millions and much of the country destroyed , the international community can no longer watch a regime killing its people and do nothing about it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nadim Shehadi .	The Syrian regime has poisoned the debate over intervention , writes Nadim Shehadi The U.S. would prefer President Bashar al-Assad to stay , he says The regime manipulates the mandates of U.N. weapons inspectors , writes Shehadi He says , now is the time to look beyond the red herrings thrown at us by the regime
CNN  -- Apple is indeed planning to introduce an iPhone with a larger screen , according to sources speaking to the Wall Street Journal . The company has reportedly ordered 4-inch screens from its suppliers , a bump from the currently standard 3.5-inch screen size that Apple has been using since the original iPhone appeared in 2007 . Rumors of a larger-screened iPhone have been floating around for some time now -- especially since comparable Android phones gotten bigger and bigger , like the Galaxy Note and it 's monster 5.3-inch screen . But many observers -- including those of us at Ars ' Infinite Loop -- have not bought into those rumors . You can count me as a critic of this rumor , but there may be more to the large-screened iPhone rumors than we originally thought . We 're not likely to find out the truth anytime soon , though $ " the report says production is slated to begin next month , and Apple is n't expected to roll out new iPhones until the fall . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Report : Next iPhone will have bigger screen WSJ reports Apple has ordered 4-inch screens from suppliers Current iPhone has 3.5-inch screen
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes , Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday during the first visit to the country by a Kremlin leader since 1943 . Putin , right , is greeted by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad following his arrival in Tehran . Putin , who is in Tehran to attend a summit of Caspian Sea nations , said that he and the other leaders agreed that "  peaceful nuclear activities must be allowed " in the region . "  The Iranians are cooperating with Russian nuclear agencies and the main objectives are peaceful objectives , " he said . Russia is building Iran 's first nuclear power plant and has resisted moves by the U.S. and its allies to impose stronger U.N. sanctions against Tehran . On Monday , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates reiterated the Bush administration 's stance that "  all options " must be kept "  on the table " in confronting the threats posed by Iran -- a reference to the option of using military action against the long-time U.S. adversary . "  We should have no illusions about the nature of this regime or its leaders -- about their designs for their nuclear program , their willingness to live up to their rhetoric , their intentions for Iraq , or their ambitions in the Gulf region , " Gates said in a speech to the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs . The leaders of Iran , Russia , Kazakhstan , Turkmenistan and Azerbaijan also met Tuesday to reach agreement on issues relating to the sharing and regulating of the Caspian Sea -- the world 's largest inland body of water . Speaking afterwards , Putin said that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third parties intent on military action against other countries in the region -- a reference to rumors that the U.S. planned to use Azerbaijan as a base for a possible attack against Iran , The Associated Press reported . "  We are saying that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third powers for use of force or military aggression against any Caspian state , " Putin said . "  The Caspian Sea is an inland sea and it only belongs to the Caspian states , therefore only they are entitled to have their ships and military forces here , " added Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Putin , defying reports of an assassination plot against him , was greeted by Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki as he stepped off his plane at Tehran 's Mehrabad Airport . During a news conference Monday after talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Wiesbaden , Germany , Putin said rumors of an attempt on his life would not stop his plans . "  Of course I will travel to Iran , " Putin said . "  If I reacted to these kinds of rumors every time , I could never leave the house . " Iranian officials denied there was an assassination plot against Putin , with a Foreign Ministry spokesman describing rumors of a possible terrorist action during the Putin visit baseless . "  Spreading this kind of totally false news lacks any value and can not damage the trend of the prepared programs , " spokesman Mohammadali Hosseini told the Iranian FARS news agency . Hosseini blamed the rumor on Western media , particularly the U.S. media , saying the report was "  made up by the enemies of relations between Iran and Russia to create a psychological war . " Putin 's visit is the first by a leader in the Kremlin to Iran since Joseph Stalin 's World War II conference meeting with U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt and British Prime Minister Winston Churchill . "  Putin 's trip to Tehran is a show of Russia 's independence in global affairs . Putin , who approaches the end of his term , wants to demonstrate that he would n't cave in to the U.S. pressure , " said Alexander Pikayev , an expert on Iran with Russia 's Institute for World Economy and International Relations , in a report carried by AP . Putin 's schedule also includes meetings with Ahmadinejad and Iran 's supreme leader , Ali Khamenei , AP said . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Russian President Putin backs Iran 's "  peaceful " nuclear program during visit Putin in Tehran to attend summit of Caspian Sea nations to discuss oil rights Iran , Russia set to discuss Iranian nuclear program , U.S. push for sanctions Putin downplay rumors of assassination plot ; Iran says claims are "  baseless "
EW.com  -- SPOILERS ahead ! To see who made it to the Top 20 , read on . "  American Idol " results for Thursday , February 28 , 2013  read the full recap here  : ELIMINATED Bryant Tadeo David Willis Gurpreet Singh Josh Holiday Mathenee Treco MOVING ON Burnell Taylor Cortez Shaw Lazaro Arbos Nick Boddington Vincent Powell Emma Watson eyeing ` Cinderella ' role ? COMPLETE TOP 20 GIRLS AND GUYS Adriana Latonio Amber Holcomb Angela Miller Aubrey Cleland Breanna Steer Candice Glover Janelle Arthur Kree Harrison Tenna Torres Zoanette Johnson Burnell Taylor Charlie Askew Cortez Shaw Curtis Finch , Jr. . Devin Velez Elijah Liu Lazaro Arbos  pictured Paul Jolley Nick Boddington Vincent Powell Oof , I did not think Lazaro sounded very good tonight . But the judges love his story ... See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Bryant Tade and David Willis were among the contestants who were eliminated Burnell Taylo and Cortez Shaw will be moving on in the singing competition Adriana Latoni and Amber Holcomb are among "  Idol 's " Top 20
Far be it for me to offer unsolicited advice to Sarah Palin . She 's built a very successful career out of going rogue and certainly does n't need any tips from me . And , as an occasional pundit , a political influencer and a private citizen , she 's free to throw her weight behind anyone she wants . But I just have to say it : Newt Gingrich ? Really ? Now , I 'm not in the camp of conservative elites who think she 's seen her best days and should politely retire to obscurity . If anything , the premiere of "  Game Change " on HBO on Saturday is proof that she 's still relevant ; she 's got considerable influence over a certain wing of the party . And so with great power comes great responsibility . Is Newton Leroy Gingrich the most responsible pick ? Of all the remaining candidates , in fact , the one that makes the least sense is Newt . Mitt Romney I could see , if she wanted to bring the party together . Rick Santorum I could see for his social conservatism , strong Christian faith and similar family stories . I could even see Ron Paul for his "  throw the bums out " and "  end the Fed " rogue-isms . But Newt ? When rumors first started swirling that Palin might back the former House speaker and self-appointed "  cheerful " candidate , Gingrich was surging then . She said she 'd vote for him in South Carolina if she could . She wanted to keep the primary alive , she said . And , playing to Newt 's strength at the time , she urged "  more debates " and "  more vetting of candidates . " But now , with Newt 's ham-fisted campaign out of mojo , and no debates on the horizon , it would seem like a good time to jump off that train and get behind Romney or Santorum . Instead , she doubled down Tuesday , telling Fox Business Network that she voted for Gingrich in the Alaska caucuses , where he finished dead last . And why ? "  I have appreciated what he has stood for , " she said . "  He has been the underdog in many of these primary races and these caucuses . " Again , Palin 's free to like any candidate she wants , and those would be valid arguments , if they were true . What Newt has stood for , both during his political career and during this campaign , sits in total contradiction to what Palin has stood for since becoming a public figure . She 's for small government ; he 's shown a disturbing penchant for big government solutions . She champions Washington outsiders and rails against the establishment ; he 's the epitome of establishment , and has been firmly encamped inside the Beltway for decades . The very people who appreciate Palin should be the same people who despise Gingrich . And he 's hardly been an "  underdog . " With the backing of billionaire financier Sheldon Adelson and the benefit of serious name recognition , he 's enjoyed the money , media attention and opportunity that other GOP candidates did n't . If Newt 's been an underdog , I 'm sure Jon Huntsman and Michele Bachmann would have been happy to switch places . The truth is , Newt is n't the "  little guy " in any sense of the word . And if that were truly Palin 's criteria , there are actual little guys , such as Buddy Roemer and Gary Johnson to champion . Or even better , she does n't have to support any of them . Maybe Palin 's got a master plan in which she makes a late run at the presidency and puts Newt on her ticket . Still , it seems like an incongruous pick and waste of her considerable influence among far-right conservatives . But I 'm sure she knows what she 's doing .	S.E. Cupp says she 's not one to question Sarah Palin 's instincts , but Newt Gingrich ? She says popular Palin could be using her sway to support a more viable GOP candidate She says many of Gingrich 's attributes run counter to what Palin has said she stands for Cupp : If Palin has a plan that makes squandering support on Gingrich logical , it 's not obvious
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Chris Brown acknowledged Thursday he has renewed his "  friendship " with Rihanna , the woman he was convicted of beating on the eve of the Grammys in February 2009 . Brown , 23 , has two more years of probation to serve for his felony assault conviction , although the judge lifted the "  stay away " order that kept him from his victim last year . The singer sent an unsolicited statement to CNN announcing he was breaking up with Karrueche Tran , the 24-year-old model he began dating a year after he was arrested for the felony assault . "  I have decided to be single to focus on my career , " Brown said . "  I love Karrueche very much but I do n't want to see her hurt over my friendship with Rihanna . I 'd rather be single allowing us to both be happy in our lives . " Tran tweeted a short message Wednesday that appeared directed at Brown : "  Bye baby . " The announcement follows publication of paparazzi photos showing Brown and Rihanna together in public and rumors the two entertainers had reunited romantically . Source : Rihanna argument did not spur Chris Brown fight The talk of their reunion was fueled last month when Rihanna gave Brown a quick kiss and a hug at the MTV Video Music Awards last month as Brown walked to the stage to accept an award . Rihanna told Oprah Winfrey in an emotional interview in August that Brown had been her "  best friend " and she still loved him . The judge overseeing Brown 's case imposed a "  stay away " order when she sentenced him to five years of probation , community service and domestic violence counseling for his felony assault conviction in August 2009 . The order , which was to expire in 2014 , required Brown to stay 50 yards away from Rihanna , 10 yards if the two are at the same industry event . The judge lifted the order in February 2011 with Rihanna 's consent . "  He just ca n't bother her , " Rihanna 's lawyer , Donald Etra , said at the time . Brown has made several public apologies to Rihanna for the attack , which he seemed to blame on his youth . He was 19 at the time . "  I feel like that we 're young , " Brown told CNN 's Larry King days after his sentencing . "  We 're both young . So nobody taught us how to love one another . Nobody taught us a book on how to control our emotions or our anger . I 'm not trying to fall on the fact that I 'm young . I 'm just saying it 's a lot of stuff that I wish I could have changed that night . " Brown was arrested after an early morning argument inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street on February 8 , 2009 . Chris Brown 's rep on his tattoo : It 's not Rihanna According to Brown 's probation report , the argument began over an incident at a Beverly Hills party . An earlier , sworn statement by Los Angeles Police Detective DeShon Andrews said the incident began when Rihanna found a text message on his cell phone from "  a woman who Brown had a previous sexual relationship with . " The pair argued while in the car driven by Brown , the police statement said . It went on to describe the assault in great detail , saying Brown punched Rihanna -- identified in the statement by her real first name , Robyn , and the first initial of her last name , Fenty -- numerous times and put her in a headlock , restricting her breathing and causing her to start to lose consciousness . He threatened to beat her and kill her , according to the statement , and he bit her ear and her fingers . Eventually , the statement said , "  Robyn F. began screaming for help and Brown exited the vehicle and walked away . A resident in the neighborhood heard Robyn F. 's plea for help and called 911 , causing a police response . An investigation was conducted and Robyn F. was issued a domestic violence emergency protective order . " Fans react positively to Rihanna 's honesty The detective said Brown sent a text message nine days later , apologizing . Rihanna 's injuries included cuts and bruises inflicted by a large ring on Brown 's right hand , which he used to punch her , the probation report said . "  Officers at the scene observed numerous contusions and abrasions to the victim 's face and forehead , as well as bruising to her left arm near the bicep , " it said . "  They also saw abrasions to her arms near both wrists and on her upper chest near her collarbone and around her neck . There were abrasions on her left leg and on the inside of her upper lips . " Rihanna declined to speak to the probation investigator , so the probation report 's details were gathered from police detectives who interviewed her soon after the attack . "  He beat me up , " Rihanna told the police , the report said . Brown made a public apology that July in a video statement posted on his personal Web site . "  I have told Rihanna countless times , and I 'm telling you today , that I 'm truly , truly sorry in that I was n't able to handle the situation both differently and better , " Brown said in the Web site statement . "  What I did was unacceptable , 100 percent . I can only ask and pray that you forgive me . Please . " Rihanna on Chris Brown : ' I lost my best friend ' CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Chris Brown announces breakup with girlfriend Karrueche Tran "  I do n't want to see her hurt over my friendship with Rihanna , " Brown says Talk of a Rihanna-Brown reunion was fueled when she kissed , hugged him at the MTV VMAs Brown remains on probation for assaulting Rihanna in 2009
CNN  -- Imagine if a streetlamp knew you were coming . It could announce your arrival from a distance . If you were on a date , it could help set the mood . It could ring in the new year with dazzling effects , change color at will , even announce days in advance when its bulb was set to blow . In fact , there is nothing future-tense about this fantastical vision ; in a handful of municipalities in Europe , streetlights have become downright chatty . The system is called Tvilight . It was invented by Dutch designer Chintan Shah while a student at Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands . When flying overseas , he noticed streetlamps lighting streets that , in the middle of the night , were empty and desolate . "  I started researching , " he says . "  I wondered , why are they burning ? How much does it cost ? Is this a problem ? I discovered some amazing numbers . " Read more : 12 amazing designs from the past 100 years Shah found that Europe pays over    10 billion  $ 13 billion  a year powering streetlights , which accounts for more than 40 % of government energy bills . This translates into 40 million tons of CO2 emissions annually -- enough to power 20 million cars . His solution was to create an intelligent , "  on-demand " lighting system using wireless sensors . Streetlights only light up in the presence of a person , bicycle or car , and remain dim the rest of the time . Shah has also developed the technology to distinguish between people and smaller animals , like cats and mice , so it would avoid lighting up unnecessarily . "  I thought , why should each citizen pay for street lights that are n't being used ? We now have a solution for that . " Spurred on by his professors , Shah entered the concept in a campus competition and won . Delft handed over their facilities and gave him the financial backing to create a demonstration on campus . Since then , Tvilight has been implemented in four municipalities in Holland and one in Ireland , with many more to come . "  We have enquiries from Israel , Turkey , the United States , Australia , India and Japan . The problem is not a lack of enquiries , it 's the team 's capacity to deliver the solution worldwide , " he says . Read more : Technology of tomorrow Shaw reckons the system will slash energy costs and CO2 emissions by 80 % , and maintenance by another 50 % , thanks to the integrated wireless sensor that allows lamps to alert a central control center when it 's time to be serviced . Tvilight 's primary purpose is to conserve energy . But when CNN invited Dutch artist Daan Roosegaarde to offer advice as a mentor for Shah , he pointed to the technology 's more artistic potential . "  How can we use the technology to make environments more human ? More sustainable ? More natural ? " asks Roosegaarde . "  We want to make it like it 's your friend , or it 's an animal , or it does things you do n't know about . It 's not just a machine with a feedback loop , but something that has its own intelligence and is willing to negotiate , to hack you in the same way you hack it . " So , for example , an ambulance or fire truck could communicate with the lamps to make them flicker red before they drive through . Read more : The bright world of electric paint "  It could save the ambulance two minutes because the light could tell everyone it 's coming , and they could move aside more quickly because we control the streets , we control the lamps , " says Shah . "  It could save a life . " Roosegaarde suggests the uses could be "  pragmatic or super poetic . " "  Imagine I can write a piece of software , so when I take my girlfriend out for a walk , it does something special , and wow , you have this boulevard of interactive lights , " he adds . It is the type of thinking that garners endless scenarios . Depending on the occasion , streetlamps can flicker and change color to create any number of designs . Shah envisions that during a live sporting event , a street could even spell out the score . "  This is not just about saving electricity , it 's not just about the medium , it 's about the message , and what you want it to generate , " says Roosegaarde .	Tvilight is a streetlamp system that brightens in the presence of people , cars and bicycles New system could slash energy bills by 80 % in cities around the world Europe spends $ 13 billion annually on fueling street lights Artist : "  Imagine ... you have this boulevard of interactive lights "
Get dialing for your reservation now : Noma in Copenhagen has been named the world 's best restaurant at a ceremony revealing the planet 's top 50 dining venues . To raucous cheers , high fives , hugs and kisses , team Noma took to the stage in a packed London venue in jubilant scenes that would n't be out of place at the World Cup in Brazil later this year . Noma 's top honor in the prestigious San Pellegrino World 's 50 Best Restaurant Awards -- viewed as the Oscars of fine dining -- was the fourth win for minimalist Danish pioneer of foraged menus . The award was presented late Monday at a ceremony in central London attended by some of the world 's leading chefs . "  It 's too  expletive deleted  crazy ! " said Noma 's head chef , Rene Redzepi , picking up the award . "  Thank you for believing in us . "  In the last year  after the restaurant was awarded second place  my staff and I looked into each others ' eyes and said ` let 's just really really work hard . ' We made a plan and said ` let 's make this the best year we 've ever had . ' " "  But to have this is a whole surprise , none of us expected it . " The list , now in its 12th year , is dominated by European venues , but there were prizes for restaurants from around the world , including Asia 's first top 20 entry . The biggest climber was Lima , Peru , restaurant Central , which jumped from No. 50 last year to No. 15 this year . The highest debut entry was Gaggan from Bangkok , which came in at No. 17 . Highly influential There were few changes in the list 's top 10 . Last year 's winner , Spain 's El Celler de Can Roca , was bumped to second place , with Italy 's Osteria Francescana holding steady at number three . Despite the repeat victory for Noma , it 's still yet to match the record of Spain 's El Bulli , which claimed four successive wins before head chef Ferran Adria closed its doors in 2011 . Other winners in the top 10 were , in fourth place New York 's Eleven Madison Park , followed by Spain 's Mugaritz , Brazil 's D.O.M. , London 's Dinner by Heston Blumenthal , Spain 's Arzak , Chicago 's Alinea and The Ledbury , another London restaurant . Noma , which celebrates its 10th anniversary this year , was praised for its "  fresh approach and energy . " The restaurant 's menu serves diners with a series of "  snacks " largely sourced from the Nordic landscape -- dishes that include sea urchin toast and a beef tartar that includes ants . Most of the winners -- a total of 28 -- were from Europe , with Spain claiming seven top 50 positions . Nahm , a Thai restaurant in Bangkok that earlier this year was named Asia 's best , made it to number 13 in the list -- the region 's highest entry . Organized by UK-based Restaurant Magazine and sponsored by Italian drinks manufacturers San Pellegrino and Acqua Panna , the awards are seen as highly influential in the fine dining industry . Noma 's first win in 2010 is credited with catapulting the restaurant to international stardom . Reputedly , the day after winning , it received enough online reservations to fill its 45 seats for a decade -- thankfully , it only takes bookings for a few weeks in advance . Some observers say the awards now hold greater sway over a restaurant 's financial success and bookings than coveted Michelin star rankings , often transforming them into major travel destinations . ` Beauty contest ' "  This is the big one , " contest chairman Richard Vines told CNN ahead of the awards . "  Although you can argue about the list , everyone wants to be on it . " Vines said the list is n't a rival to Michelin 's "  systematic " assessments , describing it as a spontaneous "  beauty contest for restaurants . " The list was decided by votes compiled from 900 restaurant industry figures . The winning names were closely guarded ahead of this year 's ceremony after details were leaked prior to announcement in 2013 . British chef Fergus Henderson received a lifetime achievement award at this year 's event . Henderson 's St. John restaurant in London has championed "  nose-to-tail " eating that utilizes every part of an animal . San Pellegrino World 's 50 Best Restaurants for 2014 1 . Noma , Copenhagen , Denmark 2 . El Celler de Can Roca , Girona , Spain 3 . Osteria Francescana , Modena , Italy 4 . Eleven Madison Park , New York 5 . Dinner by Heston Blumenthal , London 6 . Mugartiz , San Sebastian , Spain 7 . D.O.M. , Sao Paulo , Brazil 8 . Arzak , San Sebastian , Spain 9 . Alinea , Chicago 10 . The Ledbury , London 11 . Mirazur , Menton , France 12 . Vendome , Bergisch Gladbach , Germany 13 . Nahm , Bangkok 14 . Narisawa , Tokyo 15 . Central , Lima , Peru 16 . Steirereck , Vienna 17 . Gaggan , Bangkok 18 . Astrid y Gaston , Lima , Peru 19 . Fviken , Jrpen , Sweden 20 . Pujol , Mexico City 21 . Le Bernardin , New York 22 . Vila Joya , Albufeira , Portugal 23 . Restaurant Frantzn , Stockholm 24 . Amber , Hong Kong 25 . L'Arpege , Paris 26 . Azurmendi , Larrabetzu , Spain 27 . Le Chateaubriand , Paris 28 . Aqua , Wolfsburg , Germany 29 . De Librije , Zwolle , Netherlands 30 . Per Se , New York 31 . L'Atelier Saint-Germain de Joel Robuchon , Paris 32 . Attica , Melbourne , Australia 33 . Nihonryori RyuGin , Tokyo 34 . Asador Etxebarri , Atxondo , Spain 35 . Martin Berasategui , Lasarte-Oria , Spain 36 . Man , Sao Paulo , Brazil 37 . Restaurant Andre , Singapore 38 . L'Astrance , Paris 39 . Piazza Duomo , Alba , Italy 40 . Daniel , New York 41 . Quique Dacosta , Dnia , Spain 42 . Geranium , Copenhagen , Denmark 43 . Schloss Schauenstein , Frstenau , Switzerland 44 . French Laundry , Yountville , California 45 . Hof Van Cleeve , Kruishoutem , Belgium 46 . Le Calandre , Rubano , Italy 47 . The Fat Duck , Bray , UK 48 . The Test Kitchen , Cape Town , South Africa 49 . Coi , San Francisco 50 . Waku Ghin , Singapore One to Watch Restaurant : Saison , San Francisco Best Restaurant in Africa : The Test Kitchen , Cape Town , South Africa World 's Pastry Chef : Jordi Roca , El Celler de Can Roca , Girona , Spain Sustainable Restaurant Award : Azurmendi , Larrabetzu , Spain Best Restaurant in Australasia : Attica , Melbourne , Australia World 's Best Female Chef : Helena Rizzo , Mani , Sao Paulo , Brazil Chef 's Choice Award : Alex Atala , D.O.M. , Sao Paulo , Brazil Highest Climber : Central , Lima , Peru Highest New Entry : Gaggan , Bangkok Best Restaurant in Asia : Nahm , Bangkok Lifetime Achievement Award : Fergus Henderson , St. John , London Best Restaurant in South America : D.O.M. , Sao Paulo , Brazil Best Restaurant in North America : Eleven Madison Park , New York	San Pellegrino World 's 50 Best Restaurant Awards seen as Oscars of fine dining industry Noma returns to top place , knocking last year 's winner , Spain 's El Celler de Can Roca , into second Awards are now viewed by some as more influential than coveted Michelin stars
Washington  CNN  -- One hundred and fifty new full-body scanning machines are set to be placed in airports across the United States as federal authorities work to close security loopholes exposed by the attempted Christmas Day bombing of a U.S.-bound airliner . The Transportation Security Administration ordered the scanners before the bombing attempt for up to $ 170,000 apiece . Plans are also in place to purchase an additional 300 units by 2012 , TSA officials said . Forty body scanners are currently in use at 19 U.S. airports . Use of the technology -- considered overly invasive by critics -- is optional , according to the TSA Web site . Passengers who opt out of the screening receive an alternate form of checking , which includes a pat-down procedure . There are two types of full-body scanners . One uses "  backscatter " technology to produce an X-ray image of a person . The other uses millimeter-wave technology , which shows a detailed photo negative . TSA officials have attempted to address privacy concerns by promising to blur pictures of passengers ' faces and delete all images produced . One former TSA official told CNN that a body scanner could have stopped Umar Farouq AbdulMutallab , the man accused of trying to blow up a December 25 Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan . "  I firmly believe in the whole body imaging system as a screening device , " Charlotte Bryan said . "  I believe that it would have detected that there was something there in that position on his body . It may not have detected it as an explosive , but it certainly would 've raised some flags that would have required further detection and a review either by an officer or further scanning . " Critics , however , warn that full-body scanners should not be the only answer to continued airport security problems . "  Right now the system is not working as effectively as it needs to be , " said Geoff Freeman , a representative of the U.S. Travel Association . "  It 's time to hit the pause button and do a wholesale review of what we have today and put in place the policies that will  give  America the most secure and efficient travel process . " CNN 's Mike Ahlers and Sandra Endo contributed to this report	Forty body scanners are currently in use at 19 U.S. airports The TSA has purchased an additional 150 machines Currently use of the technology is optional , according to TSA 's Web site
CNN  -- Fired Florida lifeguard Tomas Lopez was honored with the key to the city Monday and got a chance to meet the man whose life he saved . Lopez made national news last week when he was fired for leaving his post so he could save a swimmer outside his coverage zone at Hallandale Beach . "  It is a big honor . I do n't believe I deserve the key in general . All our guards would have done this , " Lopez told the crowd assembled at Hallandale Beach City Hall on Monday , according to CNN affiliate WFOR . "  All I did was what I was supposed to do . " The incident occurred July 2 at the beach on Florida 's Atlantic coast , north of Miami . A beachgoer rushed to Lopez 's lifeguard station to alert him to a man who was drowning . Lifeguard offered his job back , turns it down Company policy said lifeguards can not go beyond the perimeter of the beach they are responsible for overseeing . The man was some 1,500 feet outside the zone , in an area where signs warn visitors to swim at their own risk . Even though he was violating policy , Lopez ran into the ocean toward the struggling man and pulled him ashore . "  At that point I knew I was going to be fired . I knew I had broken the rule , " Lopez told CNN . "  In those cases , we are supposed to call 911 and hope they get there in time . " The company fired him shortly afterward . At the ceremony Monday , Lopez met the man he saved . "  I would like to say a big thanks to this man . He saved my life , " said Maksim Samartsev , 21 , shaking Lopez 's hand and smiling . Jeff Ellis Management , the company that fired Lopez , later offered him his position back . "  Clearly , he should not have been terminated for what had occurred , " Jeff Ellis said last week . "  I know that he has tried to do the right thing . " Lopez told CNN he does not plan to return to work at his $ 8.25-an-hour job that he started four months ago . "  It 's another chapter in my life closed , and I am just going to continue to get my schooling finished and get on with my career , " Lopez said . Meanwhile , Jeff Ellis Management announced Monday that it will no longer be providing lifeguard service for Hallandale Beach after the controversy . The company had provided the service for nine years . "  I take full responsibility for how this situation was handled by our company , " Ellis said in a written statement . "  I ca n't change what happened , but when we took this job I promised accountability . I am taking this action to fulfill my promise . " What your lifeguard wo n't tell you Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WFOR .	To save a man , Lopez went outside the area that is under his company 's protection zone On Monday Lopez shook hands with the man Company Lopez worked for will no longer provide lifeguard service for city
CNN  -- An Air Force pilot 's remains were found in the Gulf of Mexico after the crash of an F-16 fighter jet Thursday , the military said . The jet , based at Tyndall Air Force Base on the Florida Panhandle , was on a training mission over the Gulf when the Air Force lost contact with it about 9:15 a.m. , the Air Force said . The pilot 's remains were recovered from the Gulf later in the day , the Air Force said Thursday night . It was n't immediately clear whether the Air Force had found the aircraft ; it earlier said that it was working on the assumption that the jet crashed into the water . The pilot 's name was n't immediately released .	An F-16 crashed during a training mission over Gulf of Mexico , the Air Force says The jet was based at Florida 's Tyndall Air Force Base
CNN  Things just got messy with that One Direction breakup . Just when folks were starting to heal from the shock of Zayn Malik 's decision to quit the super-successful boy group on Wednesday , a social media dustup has fans all a-Twitter . Zayn Malik leaving One Direction Music producer Naughty Boy got into a war of words with One Direction 's Louis Tomlinson after the producer retweeted a user going by Naughty Boy/Zayn  @naughtyboymus  . The tweet was captioned "  The truth " and contained a video of a little ditty in which an electronic voice croons "  Naughty Boy saved my life " and mentions "  Zaughty . " Malik is reportedly working with Naughty Boy , and "  Zaughty " is a combination of their names . Tomlinson -- who is BFFs with Malik -- responded with "  Wow @NaughtyBoyMusic you 're so inconsiderate pal , seriously how f *** ing old are you ? Grow up ! #masterofallwisdom . " The producer replied by calling the singer a not-nice word , appearing to have misunderstood the reason behind Tomlinson 's ire . The singer corrected him and accused Naughty Boy of trying to get fans worked up . Directioners  as the fans are called  got into it , and the hashtags "  Zaughty " and "  masterofallwisdom " started trending . Hours later , Naughty Boy decided to "  let the music do the talking " and tweeted a link to a song titled "  I Wont Mind , " which is labeled as a demo from him and Malik . Several fans were not at all happy . After leaving the group , Malik expressed sadness at disappointing fans . "  I feel like I 've let the fans down , but I ca n't do this anymore , " he told the UK 's The Sun . "  It 's not that I 've turned my back on them or anything , it 's just that I just ca n't do that anymore , because it 's not the real me . " Zayn Malik : ` I 've let the fans down '	Producer Naughty Boy tweeted a demo song Malik recently left the group Fans are not happy
CNN  -- More and more airlines are teaming up with world-class chefs , hoping to solve that ultimate #firstworldproblem : how to serve a top-rate meal in the air . The strategy seems to be to throw glamorous , big-name chefs at the problem and hope that they can recreate on planes that same gastronomic magic they do at their restaurants . Celebrity chef Heston Blumenthal helped British Airways with a special Olympic in-flight menu in 2012 ; Joel Robuchon and Air France have made headlines with their collaboration , which began in 2011 . The Ritz-Carlton Hong Kong has also been tasked with creating a first-class menu for Cathay Pacific . Their Italian restaurant , Tosca , is famous for creative Italian cooking and recently received one Michelin star after Pino Lavarra took over as executive chef . Lavarra was asked to whip up a gourmet menu that will work at 30,000 feet above sea level . He went one step further : Lavarra is serving the same in-flight meal at Tosca as a special four-course "  first class menu " costing HK$ 1,400  $ 180  per head . Airplane food served at an expensive restaurant ? Lavarra admits it 's not the easiest sell . "  I agree that in-flight food has a bad reputation . I also find most of it terrible , " says the chef . Lofty ambitions He says The Ritz-Carlton 's height inspired the menu . The hotel is nearly 500 meters  1,640 feet  above ground , earning it the superlative of "  world 's highest hotel , " and bringing its guests close to a mid-air experience , without them getting on a plane . The two menus -- in-flight and on the ground -- ca n't be exactly the same however . Lavarra says the idea of recreating gourmet restaurant experiences in the air will only ever be a concept . In reality , it will never be replicated . "  The meal served on the plane , it 's cooked by somebody else , it 's prepared eight to 12 hours ahead of time , it 's mass production , " says Lavarra . In other words , it is n't the personalized , fussy cooking of a top-notch restaurant . But the biggest problem is an airline 's concern for food safety , which trumps the customer 's desire for deliciousness . "  Everything has to be pasteurized , and you ca n't use raw tuna or raw beef , " says Lavarra . The chef serves high-quality beef carpaccio on both his in flight and restaurant menus . The one at the restaurant is a traditional Italian appetizer of thick slices of tender raw beef paired with ricotta and a perky tomato jam . The same dish on the plane has to be tweaked to get around food safety regulations : the beef is seared first , so it is n't really a carpaccio anymore . For connoisseurs , it would be the equivalent of adding water to aged whiskey . Do n't count on the bread "  My food costs are 45 % . I have given my food supplier list to Cathay and I believe they use the exact same ingredients as I do at Tosca , " says Lavarra , who has had to adjust many of the other ingredients so the dishes can withstand storage and re-heating . One item that made the chef throw in the towel was the bread . "  It is quite tricky to make it crunchy and nice , you have to reheat it , on a flight that is basically impossible to do . The airline caterers have done a decent job considering it is baked 15 hours in advance , but it 's not ` wow , ' " he says . The chef is also taking a deeper look at the overall experience for gourmets . At the restaurant , the experience is a gradual build-up to a crescendo of a main dish . The chef would temper the first few courses so the diner is not overwhelmed . "  From start to end , you have to keep the interest of the customer , " says Lavarra . On a flight , it 's a shorter meal , with Lavarra 's special main course competing with other regular offerings . The chef makes sure to dial up the flavors of his main dish , including the tastiest , most intense ingredients . "  I only have one chance to impress the customer . I have to be spot on , " he says . Cathay Pacific 's partnership with Pino Lavarra and Tosca runs until July 31 , 2014 , on various long-haul and regional flights departing Hong Kong .	Can fine-dining experiences really be pulled off at 30,000 feet ? Some airlines think so . Cathay Pacific partners with Pino Lavarra from Michelin-starred Hong Kong restaurant Tosca Some recipes have to be tweaked to meet food safety regulations
CNN  -- A charter plane carrying county government workers crashed on the Hawaiian island of Lanai on Wednesday night , killing three people and injuring three more , Maui County spokesman Rod Antone said . The pilot and two Maui County Department of Planning workers were killed when the plane crashed about 1 mile south of an airport of Lanai City , according to a news release from Antone . The injured were taken to a hospital . Two of them , who also were planning workers , were in critical condition Thursday morning . The third , an attorney , was in serious condition , the county said . No names were released . Information about what led to the crash was n't immediately available . The group had attended a planning commission meeting on Lanai earlier Wednesday , and the plane -- a twin-engine Piper PA31 , according to the Federal Aviation Administration -- was to bring them back , the county said . The plane took off from Lanai Airport at about 9:05 p.m. , and one of the injured passengers called 911 to inform authorities about the crash at 9:23 p.m. , the county said . UPS pilots complained of fatigue before fatal crash Pilot in Tennessee plane crash heroically protected lives CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Plane carrying county government delegation crashes on Hawaii 's Lanai island Pilot and two Maui County Department of Planning workers are killed , county says Three injured people are taken to a hospital Group was on return flight after attending a meeting on Lanai
CNN  -- Over a billion dollars was spent , the English Premier League title was won , its neighbors ' feathers were duly ruffled , but the pressure to adapt to European football proved too much for Manchester City says Carlos Tevez . Tevez , who signed for Juventus in a $ 13 million deal last month , enjoyed four years at City where he helped the club win the FA Cup and a first league title in 44 years , when they pipped rivals Manchester United on the last day of the 2011/2012 season . But it was the club 's failure in European competition which left a sour taste in Tevez 's mouth with City failing to in their bid to compete with the continent 's biggest clubs . City has failed to progress from the Group Stage of Europe 's elite competition in each of the past two seasons and the Argentine striker says the pressure and expectation on the players proved too great for the team to handle . "  Yes , there was way too much pressure , " Tevez told CNN . "  It came from everyone -- the club , the fans . I think that too much pressure just hurts the team . "  What happened was that there so much hype and pressure to be one of the giants of Europe and we did n't do it . "  We dropped out in the first round of the Champions League on both occasions . " City will now hope that new manager Manuel Pellegrini will help to turn its fortunes around following the departure of Roberto Mancini . City 's former Italian coach and Tevez endured a difficult relationship with the Argentine 's apparent refusal to warm up during a Champions League tie at Bayern Munich in September 2011 . Subsequently the Italian announced that Tevez would never play for the club again before finally relenting , but the Argentine says he only has respect for his former manager . "  He 's a winner , " added Tevez . "  I think he 's a winner because he always wants to win and he takes his team to the maximum place to be able to win . Everyone who knows Mancini knows that he 's a winner from birth . " Tevez 's new club , Juventus , last won the Champions League back in 1996 and reached the quarterfinals last season before losing to eventual champion Bayern Munich . The Turin club has not reached the final since it suffered a heartbreaking penalty shootout defeat by Milan in 2003 at Old Trafford . While Antonio Conte 's side have won Serie A for the past two years , it is the European crown which the club craves . But Tevez is aware of how such pressure can be detrimental to a team 's chances of success with City just one example of how players can be adversely affected . "  I think we have to be calm and make sure we do n't put pressure on ourselves to win the Champions League , " added the 29-year-old as he looked to ahead to the challenge of playing in Europe with Juventus . "  If we do n't then that pressure will become impossible to escape from . "  We have to be calm and know that winning the Scudetto again will make us part of Italian history and then we can think about everything else . "  We all dream of winning the Champions League but our main objective is winning Serie A. "  Then we can be calm in the Champions League and everything will become a lot easier . "	Carlos Tevez joined Juventus from Manchester City in $ 13 million transfer Tevez says too much pressure was placed on City 's players to win Champions League Club has failed to progress from the Group Stage on both occasions Believes key to success in Champions League is remaining calm
CNN  -- On the fifth anniversary of the war in Iraq , with nearly 4,000 American lives lost , is Iraq really on a path to peace ? Three factors are often cited in explaining the improvement in security : the U.S. troop surge , the political "  awakening " of the Iraqi people , and the cease fire ordered by anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr . But some say a controversial fourth dynamic is at play as well -- cash , being doled out by the barrelful . It 's a truth many hold to be self-evident that more American troops translate into less Iraqi violence . As President Bush said in January 's State of the Union speech , "  Some may deny the surge is working , but among the terrorists there is no doubt . " But some military experts do have doubts , arguing there 's actually a mightier force at work -- hundreds of millions in cash given to Iraqis , for everything from picking up garbage to taking up arms against al Qaeda . Watch Bush discuss the troop surge " Retired Army Col. Doug Macgregor , a longtime critic of top Iraq commander Gen. David Petraeus , said it 's a "  cash-for-peace " scheme that is bound to backfire . Watch CNN 's Kyra Phillips interview with Gen. Petraeus " "  Normally when you begin paying off your enemy on the scale that we are , it is seen by your enemy as well as others as a tacit admission of failure , not of success , " Macgregor said . It 's hard to pin down exactly how many millions are going to former insurgents to switch sides , but Macgregor argues the result is artificial progress . "  What we 've done is we 've also flooded the Sunni-Arab insurgents with cash to create a temporary cease-fire to reduce the numbers of U.S. casualties , " he said . Gen. Petraeus ' former deputy commander bristles at the suggestion that the U.S. is bribing bad guys to back off . "  That is such a simplified look at it . It 's much more complex than that . I believe it to be the right thing to do . It 's about reconciling them with the rest of the government of Iraq . It 's a confidence-building measure in reconciling them with Iraq , " Lt. Gen. Raymond Odierno told CNN . Former Defense Secretary William Cohen is concerned that direct payment is not "  particularly savory , " but concedes it may be necessary "  to buy the support of people who otherwise would be a raid against you . " "  Is that helping to turn the tide ? If it 's only a question of a tactical distribution of money for a short period of time , then it wo n't stand up , and it will be reversed the moment we leave , " Cohen said . But U.S. commanders on the front lines insist anger , not greed , is what 's behind he so-called "  awakening , " and has given rise to grass-root groups called * "  Concerned Local Citizens " and "  Sons of Iraq . " Watch Bush 's remarks on the fifth anniversary of the war " "  When we first started these programs , these guys were n't getting paid a dime , " said Col. John Charlton , 1st Brigade Commander with the 3rd Infantry Division . "  We did n't advertise , you know , ` Join the police force , and we 'll give you money . ' These guys lined up by the hundreds because they were sick and tired of what al Qaeda was doing to their communities , and they knew that they had to stand up and fight . " So that happens when the money dries up ? Critics , Macgregor among them , predict a quick return to civil war . "  We have to understand that this expedient policy of paying your enemy is very dangerous . It 's fragile , and eventually , hatred of the foreign occupier overwhelms greed , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Fifth anniversary of the war in Iraq commemorated Wednesday U.S. money given to former insurgents is cited as force in Iraq 's improvement Retired Army Col. Doug Macgregor says it 's a "  cash-for-peace " scheme Critics predict a quick return to civil war when the money dries up
CNN  -- Florida State quarterback Jameis Winston missed all of Saturday night 's marquee game against Clemson -- not just one half as previously announced -- because of a vulgar comment witnesses said he made on campus this week , the school said . FSU , the nation 's top-ranked team , struggled early but outlasted Clemson to win 23-17 in overtime . FSU initially said the Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback would miss the first half of the Seminoles ' game in Tallahassee , after people reported seeing him yelling an sexually explicit phrase near the FSU student union on Tuesday . But FSU Athletics Director Stan Wilcox increased the sophomore 's punishment late Friday after hearing eyewitness accounts that differed from Winston 's initial version , a source close to the situation told CNN 's Rachel Nichols . The witnesses told FSU officials that Winston was standing on a table while shouting the phrase -- something Winston initially denied , the source said . Winston also initially downplayed the incident , but he admitted the full story after university officials confronted him with the witness accounts , according to the source . Redshirt sophomore Sean Maguire replaced Winston for the defending national champions  2-0  against Clemson  1-1  . The game was Saturday 's only match between two ranked teams . Clemson is No. 22 in the AP poll and No. 24 in the coaches ' poll . Winston publicly apologized Wednesday for the comments . "  I want to be out there on the field with my team , but I did something . I 've got to accept my consequences , " Winston told reporters . "  I messed up . And I got to accept the fact that I did that . It eats me alive , man , that I did something like that . I ca n't carry myself that way , " he added . This is n't the first off-field allegation that has attracted headlines for Winston . After a woman accused Winston of sexually assaulting her in December 2012 , a Florida prosecutor announced last December that no charges would be filed in the case . The accuser alleged Winston had raped her after she had been drinking with friends at a bar ; Winston maintained that the sexual activity was consensual . The prosecutor said authorities did not have probable cause to arrest Winston in the case . Florida State still is conducting a Title IX investigation in the case , an attorney for the accuser said this month . The Title IX law requires schools to investigate allegations of sexual assault even if criminal charges are not filed . Winston made headlines again in April when he was accused of shoplifting crab legs and crawfish from a Publix supermarket in Tallahassee . Police said that Winston said he forgot to pay . As part of a civil citation for alleged shoplifting -- an alternative to criminal prosecution for first-time , nonviolent offenses in Leon County -- Winston was not arrested but was ordered to serve at least 20 hours of community service , authorities said . Winston is once again seen as an early contender for the Heisman , college football 's top award . It is given in December to the player who voters believe had the best college football season . CNN 's Jill Martin and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Witnesses tell school officials Winston yelled vulgar phrase on campus Source : Punishment increased to full-game suspension after Winston 's story did n't match Winston apologized : "  I ca n't carry myself that way "
CNN  -- The death of a Canadian soldier in battle-scarred Afghanistan on Thursday brings this month 's toll of international military fatalities in the war to 47 , the highest monthly tally so far , a CNN count of official statistics shows . Lt. Col Thorneloe was one of 15 British troops killed in action in Afghanistan this month . The Canadian soldier was killed while he was conducting operations in the Panjwayi District in Kandahar province , the Canadian military said . The previous monthly record was 46 , a mark reached twice last year , in June and August . The growing death toll , which only accounts for the first half of July , comes amid an uptick in fighting across Afghanistan , where international forces and Afghan troops have been battling the Taliban . The push , called Operation Khanjar , targets militants in Helmand province , a Taliban stronghold and poppy-growing region . The forces are trying to gain and hold ground in the perilous region ahead of national elections this August . Some of the deaths resulted from nonhostile incidents such as accidents , but most have occurred during hostilities . According to a CNN count of figures from various governments , the U.S.-led coalition and NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , the deaths in July have included 23 Americans , 15 Britons , five Canadians , two Turks , an Italian and a NATO-led soldier whose nationality has not yet been disclosed . The news coincides with another grim milestone for the British military , which has seen the number of troops killed in Afghanistan surpass the death toll in the Iraq War . An especially bloody 10 days in Afghanistan 's Helmand province , the staging ground for several major recent offensives , claimed the lives of 15 British soldiers in July , putting the number of the country 's dead in Afghanistan at 184 , the Defense Ministry said . The British military has lost 179 soldiers in Iraq . The 15 deaths in July also put the British military on track to be the deadliest month yet for British troops supporting Operation Enduring Freedom . Britain 's deadliest month in Afghanistan so far has been September 2006 , when 19 died -- 14 in a single incident , the crash of a Royal Air Force plane near Kandahar . Since the United States launched Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan in 2001 , 652 U.S. troops have died in hostile and nonhostile activities throughout the country .	Soldier 's death in Kandahar operations brings monthly international death toll to 47 Previous monthly record for coalition forces was 46 in June and August 2008 News comes as British death toll in Afghanistan surpasses number of dead in Iraq Death toll grows amid intense fighting in Helmand province , a Taliban stronghold
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- As the death toll climbed Monday from flooding in Southeast Asia , officials beefed up flood prevention measures to protect Thailand 's capital from rising water . Millions have been affected by the flooding in Thailand and Cambodia , which has been hit by an above-average monsoonal rainy season . As of Monday , 269 people were dead in Thailand and four were missing , according to the country 's Flood Relief Operations Command . Another 207 people were dead in Cambodia , according to the country 's state-run news agency AKP . Patients in two hospitals in Thailand 's Ayutthaya and Nakhon Sawan provinces had to be evacuated after water reached the first floor , the flood operations command said . Multiple tropical systems have moved over the area in recent weeks , enhancing monsoon rains and leading to the flooding . Another low pressure system is forecast to move into Southeast Asia on Tuesday and Wednesday , said Brandon Miller , senior meteorologist for CNN International . On Monday , Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra ordered canal dredging and reinforcement of flood-prevention embankments to protect Bangkok , state-run news agency MCOT reported . In addition , three new flood-prevention walls were being built at two locations in Rangsit , in northern Bangkok , and in Taling Chan , in the western part of the city . The government needs another 1.5 million sandbags , MCOT reported . The prime minister called on the private sector to supply them , but said the government will buy all the needed sandbags by Wednesday , the news agency said . The Rojana Industrial Park has halted operations for the time being , director Amara Charoengitwattanagun told MCOT , and the facility may be further damaged if the flooding worsens . One plant in the park , Single Point Parts , evacuated all workers from the premises and built flood prevention embankments around its building , according to MCOT . Meanwhile , Honda Thailand said on its website Monday that its plants in the Rojana park are flooded and will be closed until at least until the end of the week .	Nearly 500 people are dead in Thailand and Cambodia Officials order measures to protect Bangkok The region has seen weeks of heavy rain
CNN  -- When Maggie Sorrells looks at her husband , Andy , she does n't see the man she married . In fact , most days , she does n't even recognize herself . Maggie and Andy Sorrells weighed 440 pounds and 505 pounds , respectively , at their heaviest . Before the Franklin , Tennessee , couple met online , both had endured lifelong struggles with weight and emotional overeating . Together , they had a combined weight of nearly 1,000 pounds . Maggie , who had a family history of heart disease and diabetes , had been warned by her doctor at the age of 27 that she would n't live to see 30 . But her real moment of truth came when she visited her mother in the hospital . "  The biggest shock of my entire life was stepping on a hospital scale and realizing I weighed 440 pounds , " she recalls . Until that moment , Maggie says she never knew how much she weighed , because she was too heavy to register on a household scale . Andy , like Maggie , tried countless diets but failed to keep the weight off . At his heaviest , he was 505 pounds and had to have most of his size 64 clothing made by his mother to fit his 6-foot-3-inch frame . See before-and-after photos of CNN.com I-Reporters " Obesity took an emotional and physical toll on the couple . Andy says people constantly teased him about his weight and he eventually withdrew . He battled depression and took anti-depressants for seven years . Maggie , on the other hand , tried to conceal her misery by making other people laugh . "  I was so depressed and so miserable . I was always the funny fat girl , but on the inside I was miserable , " recalls Maggie . "  It held me back in many ways and I started to accept it as being genetic and felt this was just the way I was going to be . " Though she never let her obesity keep her from traveling or socializing , it had affected her quality of life . Maggie had to use a seatbelt extension on airplanes and was once asked to get off a roller-coaster at an amusement park . In August 2002 , the couple was married and they soon made a decision that would forever change their lives . Before getting married , a friend introduced Maggie to The Weigh Down Workshop , a faith-based weight loss program , which teaches people to conquer their addiction to food , as well as other substances and vices , by turning to God . Maggie says she was never consistent or committed enough to stick with the program . But shortly after their wedding , the couple started packing on the pounds and while Andy tried another diet , Maggie gave Weigh Down another try . "  At the end of 2002 and the beginning of 2003 , I called Weigh Down and started taking the classes , " says Maggie . "  My whole life , I had always wanted somebody to -LSB- lose weight -RSB- with me . But I knew if I wanted it bad enough , I would have to do it alone . " She began to lose weight . "  I ate whatever I craved , but only when I was truly hungry and then I ate a lot more slowly , so I could tell when to stop , " Maggie says . In February 2003 , after seeing his wife 's results , Andy stopped counting calories , gave up the low-fat foods and reduced his portion sizes . Fifteen months later , he had lost 257 pounds . "  Once I started this program , it changed my outlook on my entire life . I realized that being happy is a choice . I can either be filled with hate and despair or I can be happy , " says Andy , who realized he no longer needed the anti-depressants . Maggie 's weight loss was more gradual . Shortly after starting the program , Maggie became pregnant with the couple 's first child . Sadly , she lost the baby when she was seven months pregnant . "  Many of our family members were afraid that we would turn back to food after we lost our first daughter , since we had turned to food to solve our problems our whole lives , " remembers Maggie . Faith , she says , helped her overcome the loss and continue on the program . Three years later , she had not only lost 300 pounds but she also gave birth to another daughter , Lily . Last week , the couple welcomed their son , Jacob . How has the weight loss changed their lives ? Maggie , who now weighs 140 pounds and wears a size six , and Andy , who weighs 220 pounds and wears a size 36 , say they had no idea their lives could be this good . "  It blows my mind that we look the way we do , " says Maggie . The couple shares their success and strategy for weight loss by leading online classes for Weigh Down . Maggie believes if just one person 's life can be changed by her story then her struggle will have been worth it . "  I want people to know there is hope . I looked for hope my whole life , " says Maggie . "  I want that person who is just like the old me to look at where I am now and know that you want to be here ! " iReport.com : Have you lost weight ? Send your story , photos and video E-mail to a friend	Maggie and Andy Sorrells once had a combined weight of nearly 1,000 pounds Doctors warned Maggie that she would n't live to the age of 30 A faith-based program and portion control helped them shed 580 pounds
CNN  -- MasterCard built a 15-year advertising campaign around the idea that the best things in life are "  priceless . " Much as I hate to give ad execs their due , these folks got it right . Today , we live in an era when what 's truly valuable is the intangible . A quarter century ago , 80 percent of the cost of value of a computer was in the tangible hardware . Today , in a time when "  knowledge workers " predominate , the opposite is true -- 80 percent of the value of a personal computer is in the software . The most neglected fact in business is that we 're all human . Ask CEOs about what 's the competitive advantage they have in their industry , and they 'll tell you it 's their corporate culture , their customer loyalty , their brand reputation or their ability to innovate and create intellectual property . None of these assets appears on a balance sheet . The balance sheet -- a 400-year-old relic -- does n't truly capture the value of the hearts and minds that define what makes a sustainable , successful company today . Learn more about Chip Conley at TED.com Look at Apple , the most admired company in America  according to a Fortune survey  , and analysts tell us that 80 percent of Apple 's value appears off its balance sheet in intangibles that our 20th century version of leadership ca n't even fathom or calculate . I went to Stanford Business School in the early 1980s , and I was taught to "  manage what I could measure . " And I was also taught in kindergarten how to count . Maybe as adults , it 's time for us to reconsider what to count . As a founder and CEO of a company for two dozen years , I know how to count profitability and cash flow . These are the lifeblood of any business , especially in hard economic times . But here 's the reality that most CEOs are n't talking about : Profitability is a lagging indicator of success , at least in the long-term . Three Harvard Business School professors three decades ago proved that a "  service profit chain " exists such that a great corporate culture  an intangible  creates employee engagement  an intangible  that leads to customer loyalty  an intangible  that ultimately creates a profitable and sustainable business  a tangible  . Leadership in the 21st century is all about learning how to measure and value the intangibles in our lives since this is truly where value is created . Are you focused on the intangible inputs in your life or company , or are you purely focused on the tangible outputs ? As I suggested in my talk at TED2010 , it was a question about "  what counts in life and business " that led me to take my CEO hat off for a week and fly off to the Himalayan peaks , to Bhutan . The teenage king of Bhutan was also a curious man , but this was back in 1972 , when he ascended to the throne two days after his father passed away . At 17 , he started asking the kinds of questions that you 'd expect of someone with a beginner 's mind . On a trip through India , early in his reign as king , he was asked by an Indian journalist about the size of the Bhutanese Gross Domestic Product  GDP  . And the king responded in a fashion that actually has transformed us four decades later . He said the following : He said , "  Why are we so obsessed and focused with gross domestic product ? Why do n't we care more about gross national happiness ? " Now , in essence , the king was asking us to consider an alternative definition of success , what has come to be known as GNH , or gross national happiness . Most world leaders did n't take notice , and those that did thought this was just "  Buddhist economics . " But the king was serious . This was a notable moment , because this was the first time a world leader in almost 200 years had suggested that the intangible of happiness is something we should measure , and it 's something we should actually value in government . For more on happiness and how we experience it , watch this talk For the next three dozen years as king , this king actually started measuring and managing around happiness in Bhutan -- including , just recently , taking his country from being an absolute monarchy to a constitutional monarchy with no bloodshed , no coup . Bhutan is the newest democracy in the world . So as I spent time with leaders in the GNH movement , I got to understand what they 're doing . And I got to spend some time with the prime minister . Over dinner , I asked him an impertinent question : "  How can you create and measure something which evaporates , in other words , happiness ? " And he 's a very wise man , and he said , "  Listen , Bhutan 's goal is not to create happiness . We create the conditions for happiness to occur . In other words , we create a habitat of happiness . " And he said that they have a science behind that art . They 've created four essential pillars , nine key indicators and 72 metrics that help to measure their GNH . In fact , one of those key indicators is : How do the Bhutanese feel about how they spend their time each day ? It 's a good question . How do you feel about how you spend your time each day ? Time is one of the scarcest resources in the modern world . And yet , of course , that little intangible piece of data does n't factor into our GDP calculations . What 's true for a nation is also true for a company . My boutique hotel company makes a practice of counting intangibles in evaluating how the business is progressing . It recently sold a majority share to a well-regarded player in the hospitality business  Geolo Capital , the private equity investment arm of the John A. Pritzker family  , which made the investment because of our intangibles . I understand a company is a magnet for people -- whether they be employees , customers or investors -- and that a reputation lasts a lifetime and a company 's reputation can last more than a human lifetime . Admired firms such as Apple , Harley-Davidson , Whole Foods Markets , Southwest Airlines and Google have created the kind of intangible-driven companies that are helping to transform the world . At the end of the day , it 's all about human needs . The best business executives in the world are those who truly understand psychology and the nature of that complex beast that 's at the heart of all business transactions : you and me . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chip Conley .	Chip Conley : Key factors in making business successful are intangibles The intangibles are what lead to the easily measurable profits of a firm King of Bhutan insisted on counting "  Gross National Happiness " Conley says the intent is to create a "  habitat for happiness "
Fort Campbell , Kentucky  CNN  -- Maylanie Shorter sleeps with a T-shirt tucked in her pillowcase . It carries the scent of her father 's cologne while he 's on patrol in Afghanistan . Her younger sister , Ariana , sleeps with her Daddy Doll -- a stuffed soldier that displays a photo of her father across its face . At 14 and 10 , the two girls try to maintain normalcy . They 're active in school , they help with dinner , they rally around their mother . And they show no mercy for Pops over the Silver Star he earned by saving several comrades whose armored Humvee was shredded by a roadside bomb . They tease him about a photo of the burned-out vehicle . "  How did you take this picture ? Were n't you supposed to go get them and help ? " Ariana says . As much as the two laugh , in an instant , the giggles can turn into tears . They want to hold their father again , tickle his tummy . They really want to go fishing with him in their special spot . While Army Sgt. 1st Class Randy Shorter serves his third combat tour , the lives of his two young girls -- like the tens of thousands of other children with a parent deployed overseas -- are being changed and shaped by a war that is already the longest in U.S. history . For them , at tender ages , the war is personal . Heading to ` Hell on Earth ' Four weeks earlier , the girls escorted their father across Fort Campbell to say goodbye . Dressed in his camouflage fatigues , Randy Shorter wrapped his arms around both his girls . "  You try to take it all in , " he said . "  Take as much time with your family as you can . " Ariana had one arm around her dad ; in the other , she clutched her Daddy Doll . Every now and then , she wiped away tears . "  All the emotions are wrapped up in this moment , " said mother Sheryll Shorter , who married Randy 14 years ago . Randy wears four Silly Bandz bracelets on his right wrist -- one for each member of his family and the fourth for Diego , their bug-eyed Boston terrier . In the pocket over his heart , he carries photos of his children and wife . Roughly 17,000 soldiers from the 101st Airborne Division are deployed as part of the surge in Afghanistan . It marks one of the few times in history when nearly the entire division has been together in battle under one command . The 101st this summer has seen its highest three-month death toll in Afghanistan since the war began . Every soldier deploying knows the gravity of the situation . Home and away : Share memories of lost loved ones As Sgt. 1st Class Shorter waited with his family , other members of his unit begin showing up in their fatigues . After tearful goodbyes , the soldiers headed to a gym . In their hands , they carried soldier readiness packets detailing their medical history , their dental records -- and their wills . The men represent the epitome of the American soldier -- hulking guys of all races with closely cropped hair , square jaws , and arms the size of pythons . They have an intensity on their faces , steeped in thought , many having to transition from fathers to warriors in an instant . By week 's end , they will arrive in Afghanistan , ready to battle members of al Qaeda and Taliban fighters after an exhaustive series of flights with stops in Ireland , Romania and Kyrgyzstan along the way . Before shipping out , the soldiers gathered around Lt. Col. Joel Hamby . A giant American flag and a Screaming Eagle banner hung above them . "  Your job is to think about what 's next , especially the platoon leaders , " Hamby said . "  You are the very best , and I thank you for what you 're doing today . OK ? And I want to see all of you back here in a year . " A chaplain talked to the soldiers about their time overseas , especially those with children . "  Let them know you love them , care for them and miss them , " said Capt. Bernard Buzulak . "  Do n't isolate . Communicate . " Randy Shorter soon was on a plane with his comrades headed to a remote region of Afghanistan dubbed "  Hell on Earth . " They 'll be there for a year . While his daughters have the Daddy Dolls and T-shirt to cling to , he has his own special mementos -- a trinket with a Psalm and letters from home . He keeps letters from Ariana , Maylanie and Sheryll in a chest pocket . He pulls them out for inspiration on rough days , when he 's more than 7,500 miles from the ones he loves most , in the line of fire for his country . "  It brings a sense of home . It actually brings me peace . " On the battlefield , he often rubs the trinket , one of the few items he 's carried on all three deployments . In Kentucky , his family prays and anxiously counts the days until they see him again . Missing their ` Chooby ' Maylanie arrives home from Fort Campbell High School and immediately begins helping her mother prepare dinner . The family dog scurries along the floor , following her every movement . "  I 'm not cutting onions , " Maylanie tells her mom . She begins peeling potatoes . Her mother talks about what needs to get done and other activities for the rest of the week . "  There 's gon na be a Wednesday candlelight vigil where they form the Spade , " Sheryll says , referring to the ace of spades symbol for the 506th Regimental Combat Team . "  This is for what ? " Maylanie asks . "  Your dad . " Maylanie was 4 and had just started kindergarten when her father first deployed . She 's now a bubbly teenager in her freshman year of high school . "  It 's different now , " she says . "  Even when he 's not here , he 's here in my heart , and that 's what keeps me going . I pray for him every night and for his soldiers . " Her mom stays active volunteering with a Family Readiness Group , a support network that helps families cope while loved ones are deployed . Maylanie says she becomes closer to her mother and sister while her father is away . It 's the first time she 's lived on post during a deployment . That 's helped too , because all the kids understand . Sometimes , she talks to the counselor at school . When she lived off post , her peers could n't relate . "  They 'd be like , ` Your dad 's in Afghanistan . That 's cool ! ' " "  I try to keep myself busy , " she says . "  In my down time , I do think about him a lot . " She pauses as she peels . "  Do you want these potatoes in a bowl ? " she asks her mother . Maylanie does n't ask her dad about details from the war zone . "  It 's probably not something comfortable to talk about with your kids . " She prefers to ask about the countryside of Afghanistan -- the mountains , the weather , the people . In the family living room , Sgt. 1st Class Shorter 's presence is everywhere . Photos of him in uniform hang on the wall . He has a shrine to Bob Marley ; his favorite song is "  Buffalo Soldier . " One photo from Fort Benning , Georgia , in 2007 has an inscription : "  Thanks for the hard work and dedication , from one partner to another , Godspeed , stay safe and keep your head down . " Ariana soon arrives home from elementary school , one of five at Fort Campbell . As she comes through the front door , she passes a calendar counting the days until their father will return . He 'll be home in March for R&R . It immediately becomes clear just how much these girls love their dad . Sitting on the living room couch , they begin a girl gab session . They reveal a secret : Dad 's nickname is Chooby , short for Chubby Boobies . The two squeal with delight . "  He 's ticklish , " the younger Ariana says . "  Very ticklish , " adds Maylanie . "  Like when we go out , he seems all strong and confident . So when he comes home and we tickle him , he 's like a little girl ! Because he screams . ... We know his weak side . " Ariana whispers . "  His secret dream is to go on "  American Idol " and win . " Does he have a shot at winning ? The two girls are harsher than "  Idol 's " Simon Cowell . They say their dad ca n't sing or dance . At stoplights , when their father is grooving in the car , they distance themselves . "  People will pull up and they 'll just be like , ` What the heck is going on with him ? ' They probably think he 's having a spaz attack , " Maylanie says . "  Yeah , " Ariana sighs . "  But we go along with it . We put up with him , " Maylanie adds . Both girls have their own Daddy Dolls . Ariana takes hers when she has sleepovers at friends ' houses . She also wraps herself in a blanket , the same one that kept her father warm in Afghanistan in 2008 . "  It keeps me warm a lot , " the 10-year-old says . Ariana buries her head in her hands , unable to speak , tears streaming down her face . When her younger sister struggles for words , Maylanie takes charge , showing a maturity well beyond her 14 years . "  Families that are n't in the military , they do n't understand what you go through , " she says . "  We do n't want to spend our whole entire day thinking about Dad and worrying about him and wondering what he 's doing and what he 's going through . ... Like , we have to keep going forward , stay positive and just be strong . " Soon , the two are back to their routine . They bury themselves in homework . By night 's end , Maylanie will place her head on her pillow , the cologne from her father 's shirt comforting her . He was wearing the shirt in 2008 when he told his daughters he 'd soon be heading to Afghanistan . "  We were tickling him in bed , and he was talking about deploying , " Maylanie says . "  I cried on that T-shirt . ... It gives me security . It 's from my dad , and my dad means everything . " CNN 's Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	Family of Sgt. 1st Class Randy Shorter discuss life while dad 's deployed Shorter is on his third deployment , currently in Afghanistan "  We have to keep going forward , stay positive , " daughter says
CNN  -- This month , Just Imagine focused on the future of nature and the ways in which it can inspire solutions to some of the greatest challenges facing humanity today . A digital representation of the human genome . Yet as scientists gain a greater understanding of biological processes , they 're also learning how to manipulate them , including the very essence of what makes us human -- our DNA . Biotechnology advances are already helping scientists find groundbreaking ways to create personalized medicine , detect illnesses and eradicate disease . And this , according to futurist Ray Kurzweil , is only the beginning . In the future , humans will be able to reverse the aging process , replace dying organs with younger ones grown from an individual 's own DNA and even genetically engineer unborn children , he said . But some , like the UK-based group Human Genetics Alert , worry the ability to reprogram our biochemistry could lead mankind into unknown territory with dangerous ramifications for the future , including genetic discrimination and even a redefinition of what it means to be human . We want to hear your views . To what extent should we be able to alter our genetic makeup ? Should there be a limit ? And how should it be determined exactly what that limit is ? Post your comments in the Sound Off box below . We 'll publish the best .	We ask , to what extent should we be able to alter our own DNA ? Ray Kurzweil : Reprogramming DNA could expand human potential Human Genetics Alert says could lead to genetic discrimination , social issues What do you think ? Post your views in the Sound Off box below .
Boynton Beach , Florida  CNN  -- Freshman Republican Congressman Allen West clashed with an advocate for Muslim-American civil rights at a sometimes-rowdy town hall meeting Monday night . The tense exchange drew boos from a standing room only , largely Republican crowd . The confrontation came as West , an Iraq War veteran who was backed by the Tea Party in last November 's election , took questions from constituents . Nezar Hamze , executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations in Miami , stepped to the microphone and accused West of making anti-Muslim comments in the past . "  Me and my children choose to follow the faith of Islam . You consistently insult it . How can we expect you to defend our right and practice Islam as far as the Constitution is concerned ? " Hamze asked . "  I will always defend your right to practice a free religion under the First Amendment , " West said . "  But what you must understand , if I am speaking the truth , I am not going to stop speaking the truth . The truth is not subjective , " he continued to loud applause . West 's comments on Islam have stirred controversy in the past . He recently said Muslim Rep. Keith Ellison , D-Minnesota , represents "  the antithesis of the principles upon which this country was established . " The new GOP congressman pulled no punches commenting on the political crisis in Egypt , drawing parallels between the chaos in that country and the 1979 revolution in Iran . West said the U.S. must stop the Egyptian militant group , the Muslim Brotherhood , from seizing power . "  President Carter , President Obama , Iran , Egypt , the Shah , Mubarak , the Ayatollah , the Muslim Brotherhood . It is a scary parallel . We can not allow the Muslim Brotherhood to fill the void of leadership that can occur in Egypt , " West said . Monday night 's event was one of the country 's first town hall meetings since the near assassination of Democratic Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords at a constituent event in Tucson , Arizona , in January . The tragedy was followed by calls from Republicans and Democrats to tone down political rhetoric . Determined to meet with his constituents once a month , West says he is taking his own precautions to stay safe . West , who has a permit to carry concealed weapons in Florida , also suggested to reporters he will be armed at some of his events . "  I 've had a concealed weapons license for quite some time , about the last two to three years , and I take it upon myself and my personal responsibility , but I choose the venues in which I 'll carry , " West told CNN . Asked if he was carrying a gun Monday night , West replied , "  I ca n't tell you that . " The audience at Monday 's meeting sounded more like a pep rally than a town hall . West 's promises to oppose the new health care law and efforts to raise the nation 's debt ceiling drew rounds of applause . It was a sign that many Tea Party activists still plan to attend these constituent events , if only to cheer on members of Congress they support . Still West encouraged his opponents to speak up at his town halls . "  If there is someone here who resides in Congressional District 22 who did not vote for Allen West , I want to hear from you , " West said . "  I want to know how I can better serve you and be a better representative . "	Allen West was backed by the Tea Party in November 's election Islamic activist accused West of making anti-Muslim comments West , an Iraq War veteran , has made controversial comments about Islam He has been seen in a bulletproof vest , has license to carry concealed weapon
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A former Army commander who underwent a sex change operation was discriminated against by the U.S. government , a federal judge ruled Friday in an important victory for transgenders claiming bias in the workplace . Diane Schroer won her federal lawsuit against the Library of Congress after officials backed out of a 2005 job offer when told of her intention to become a transsexual . At the time of the job interview for a position as a senior terrorism research analyst , David Schroer was a male . He had been a onetime Army Special Forces commander . U.S. District Court Judge James Robinson said Schroer 's civil rights were violated . "  The evidence established that the Library was enthusiastic about hiring David Schroer -- until she disclosed her transsexuality , " Robinson wrote . "  The Library revoked the offer when it learned that a man named David intended to become , legally , culturally and physically , a woman named Diane . This was discrimination ` because of ... sex . ' " The judge will later rule on what financial damages Schroer is due . "  It is especially gratifying that the court has ruled that discriminating against someone for transitioning is illegal , " said Schroer in a statement from the ACLU , which represented her in court . "  I knew all along that the 25 years of experience I gained defending our country did n't disappear when I transitioned , so it was hard to understand why I was being turned down for a job doing what I do best just because I 'm transgender . It is tremendously gratifying to have your faith in this country , and what is fundamentally right and fair , be reaffirmed . " After Schroer had retired from the military , she applied for a job at the Library of Congress . Court records show that Schroer , then a male , took her future boss to lunch to outline her transition to a female , as she planned to present herself as a female on her first day of the job . Schroer testified that on the day after the lunch , the job offer was rescinded , and she was told she was n't a "  good fit " for the library . The ACLU said the ruling sends a "  loud and clear " message to employers against firing or refusing to hire someone for changing their gender . There was no immediate reaction from the library , which had claimed at trial that transgender people are not covered under federal anti-discrimination laws . The case is Schroer v. Billington  Cv-05-1090  .	Officials rescinded job offer after learning of transition Ex-Army Special Forces officer David Schroer became Diane Schroer Judge finds discrimination on basis of gender ACLU applauds ruling ; library has no comment
Washington  CNN  -- Amid anger and frustration on both sides of the aisle , the Senate is set to take up a bill to help people with disabilities , displaying some rare bipartisanship before the 113th Congress is adjourned . Eight years after the Achieving a Better Life Experience Act was first introduced by Republican Rep. Anders Crenshaw of Florida , these individuals will soon be able to create tax-free bank accounts to amass assets in their own name , something current law strongly discourages . "  What we 're doing is really helping them help themselves , " Anders said in a press conference Thursday . "  We will open the door to a brighter future to so many people -- so many people in America that live everyday with disabilities . " Congressmen from both side of the aisle touted its passage , saying that this gives the targeted people economic freedom to save and live independently if desired . Families and friends will now be able to give money to their loved ones without fear of it being purged by service agencies that may help them with their daily lives . "  We believe that individuals across this country with disabilities have a lot of ability , " said Democratic Sen. Bob Casey , who is shepherding the bill in the upper chamber . "  And we believe that we have an obligation to do everything we can to give them tools that they need to live a full life . " The idea stemmed from Stephen Beck of Pennsylvania , whose daughter , Natalie , was born with Down syndrome . He lobbied Anders and many other members of Congress to take up his cause for most of the last decade . "  We decided that we would name this legislation after him , to honor him and all of the people that worked so hard all these years to make this dream a reality , " Anders said . When the House took up the bill last Wednesday , it had 380 members signed on as co-sponsors . The bill passed with 404 votes . Beck , who reportedly cheered quite loudly after the vote from the gallery of the House . Beck died suddenly just this week of a heart attack Anders took to the floor again afterwards to rename the bill as The Stephen Beck , Jr. . Achieving a Better Life Experience Act of 2014 , which passed unanimously . For many members of Congress though , this is not just an intangible idea to legislate . It 's very personal . Republican Rep. Cathy McMorris-Rodgers of Washington 's son , Cole , was diagnosed with Down syndrome just three days after he was born . While going over the list of potential medical complications to be aware of , she was also given the financial advice many other parents are given after this diagnosis -- do n't save money in Cole 's name . "  I was like , hmm , seems like that 's sending the wrong message to a new parent who is excited , ready to save , ready to sacrifice , so this child can have an opportunity for a better life , " she told CNN 's Dana Bash . "  We incentivize savings for retirement , for health care , for education -- it only makes sense that those children with disabilities would also have that same opportunity . " Cole joined the congresswoman on the House floor during its passage . Democratic Sen. Amy Klobachar 's daughter spurred into action while her daughter was fed through a feeding tube for almost all of the first two years of her life . "  I was able to see life through the eyes of a parent with a child with a disability , even though she did n't end up having one , " she said reflecting on her time living with this and her subsequent involvement in the disabilities community . "  You can see the struggles they go through every single day ... I think every member of Congress knows someone that has been through something like this . " Alex Sessions , the Eagle Scout son of Republican Rep. Pete Sessions of Texas , is a young adult with Down syndrome and is learning how to contribute on his own . When his father told him the bill passed , he smiled and said his favorite word . " ` Can . ' His ` can . ' And ` thank you ' , " the congressman emotionally recalled . "  He will recognize the real difference because he wants to live independent . " "  To a disabled person , this is like what might be the glass ceiling -- where they have been looking at opportunities not to be excluded , and not to be treated differently , but to be treated just like everybody else , " he said . "  To have a 529 savings account . To have , as in Alex 's case , where his grandfather , if he wrote a check to all the grandkids but excluded Alex , for fear of losing what might be a government benefit at some point . " As the bill heads to the Senate and possibly the White House , advocates on both sides of the aisle hope this trend will continue . "  There are still people of good will that want to work together to get things done , " Klobuchar said . "  I just think it 's a great example , with the holidays coming upon us , of a spirit that I hope to see carried on into the New Year , " McMorris-Rodgers added .	Legislation regarding people with disabilities has bipartisan backing in both chambers It allows people with disabilities to creat tax-free bank accounts The bill passed the House with 404 votes and now goes to the Senate
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Firefighters in Southern California seemed Saturday to be winning the fight against the half dozen wildfires still burning . Santa Ana winds diminished significantly Friday , aiding first responders in their progress toward containment of the fires . Winds have shifted across much of Southern California , bringing cooler temperatures and higher humidity . Despite the reduction in winds , most of San Diego County continues to experience hot temperatures which , combined with dry conditions , allowed for at least one new wildfire to ignite . According to Cal Fire , a new 30-acre blaze began burning Saturday in Sycamore Canyon , inland from San Diego . Firefighters were able to stop it from spreading farther and no structures were threatened . On and around the Marine Corps ' Camp Pendleton , six large wildfires remain active , having burned over 25,000 acres total . Since January 1 , Cal Fire has responded to over 1,500 wildfires -- well above the average yearly number of approximately 800 . This week 's rash of wildfires is a reminder of just how dry conditions in California are . The agency is urging all Californians to ensure they are prepared by visiting ReadyForWildfire.org . At least four wildfires were completely contained early Saturday . Two more were nearly contained , and four others were steadily shrinking . But early Saturday , thousands of acres were still in flames that were driving walls of smoke skyward . The fire has scorched more than 31 square miles so far . The blazes in the state so far this year are "  unprecedented , " Cal Fire Director Ken Pimlott has said . Flames have swallowed up dozens of homes and businesses . And the wildfire season has only just begun . Erica Bene was running errands at Camp Pendleton with her two children when she spotted a huge plume of smoke behind a school . A wildfire was coming her way despite progress made by an army of firefighters in San Diego County in quelling a spate of blazes this week . Bene , the wife of a U.S. Marine deployed to Afghanistan , headed home to pack up some important items and evacuate . "  I said ` let 's go get the pets , and let 's get out of here , " she said . On the drive back home , orange flames raged . Shortly thereafter , the Marine Corps put out an evacuation order . The order spooked her 5-year-old son and 7-year-old daughter , but she explained that it did n't mean their house would burn down . The order just gave firefighters room to combat the blaze without having to worry about danger to residents . Her children are used to feeling uneasy because of their dad 's dangerous deployment , Bene said . She took her children and the pets to a friend 's home in nearby Temecula , where they plan to stay the night . By late Friday , the evacuation order had been lifted . If it remains lifted , she planned to go home Saturday . Arson arrests Investigators have filed an arson charge against a man in one small fire in the county . At a news conference , the prosecutor identified him as Alberto Serrato , who 's accused of adding brush onto an existing fire , District Attorney Bonnie Dumanis said . Serrato could face up to seven years in prison if convicted , Dumanis said Friday . Neither Serrato nor his attorney were immediately available for comment . Meanwhile , the prosecutor is weighing whether to press charges against a 19-year-old man and 17-year-old juvenile , both of Escondido , who were arrested Thursday in connection with a small fire that was extinguished , Dumanis said . Thousands on the move Thousands of firefighters used air tankers , specially equipped DC-10s and military helicopters to douse the flames this week . Bene was just one of tens of thousands of residents to evacuate . In all , 176,000 notices of evacuation were sent throughout San Diego County via cell phone calls , e-mails , text messages and calls to homes and businesses , county Supervisor Dianne Jacob said . When Elisha Exon saw towers of smoke looming over her San Marcos , California , home , she knew it was time to go . The only problem : All the nearby places she 'd normally take her family in an emergency were threatened by fire , too . "  You kind of feel like your only safety would be to hop town , completely , " she said . Ash and smoke filled the air in many places , making breathing difficult . So far , injuries have been few : Authorities found a charred body in Carlsbad , but it was unknown whether the person died because of the fire . A Camp Pendleton firefighter suffered heat exhaustion . Homes in the crosshairs Thousands of homes across the county are still in jeopardy . "  I 've been doing this for 20 years , " San Diego County Supervisor Bill Horn said . "  This is the worst I 've seen . " Images from the fires were jarring . The night sky glowed orange from towering flames that consumed homes . Whirling columns of flame -- dubbed "  firenadoes " or "  fire whirls " -- spun across the landscape , in one case nearly devouring a hilltop home . Firenadoes can spit out winds as powerful as an EF-2 tornado . In video shot by Jeb Durgin and Byron Bowman , a helicopter wheeled over homes , dumping fire retardant just yards from a burning canyon choked with flames . Smoke obscured the road the two were driving on . Evolution of a disaster The wave of wildfires started Tuesday with the Bernardo Fire in San Diego County . The next day , new blazes popped up -- each one separate from the others , each posing its own dangers . Here 's where some of the major California fires stood late Friday , according to the agencies responsible for tracking them . The fires are listed by the names they have been given . The list begins with still active fires and ends with contained fires . Also included is a list of damage to structures : Lead agency : Cal Fire Bernardo Fire , San Diego County : 1,548 acres , 95 % contained  all evacuations have been lifted Cocos Fire , San Diego County : 2,520 acres , 70 % contained  evacuations in effect Poinsettia Fire , San Diego County : 600 acres , 90 % contained Lead agency : Marine Corps Camp Pendleton Pulgas Fire , San Diego County : 15,000 acres , 40 % contained San Mateo Fire , San Diego County : 800 acres , 25 % contained Tomahawk Fire , San Diego County : 5,400 acres , 79 % contained Contained Fires Aurora/Lakeside Fire : 17 acres , 100 % contained Freeway Fire , Naval Weapons Station in Fallbrook : 56 acres , 100 % contained Highway Fire , Deer Springs : 380 acres , 100 % contained Miguelito Fire , Santa Barbara County : 632 acres , 100 % contained River Fire , Oceanside : 105 acres , 100 % contained Initial damage assessment for San Diego County City of Carlsbad has advised of the following damage and losses : - 8 single family homes were destroyed or incurred substantial damage - 3 single family homes sustained minor damage - 1 multifamily 18-unit apartment building was destroyed - 1 multifamily 18-unit apartment building incurred considerable damage - 2 commercial buildings destroyed/substantially damaged - 1 modular building was destroyed City of San Marcos : reported the loss of one single family home Cocos Fire : 11 single family homes were destroyed . In addition , 25 structures were destroyed at the Harmony Grove Spiritualist Association . Bone dry + brutal heat + gusty winds = unseasonably early wildfires What to know about wildfires Are you there ? If you 're in a safe place , please share your photos and videos . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Ben Brumfield , Carma Hassn and Kisa Mlela Santiago reported from Atlanta . Michael Matinez and Artemis Moshtaghian reported from Los Angeles .	NEW : Diminishing Santa Ana winds aid firefighters NEW : Over 1,500 wildfires already this year -- well above average Charge of arson is filed against one man for a small fire in Oceanside A 19-year-old man and a 17-year-old juvenile , both of Escondido , are arrested in fire probe
New Delhi  CNN  -- Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said Friday that he will step down after his country 's national elections due in May . "  In a few months ' time , after the general election , I will hand the baton over to a new prime minister , " Singh told a news conference in New Delhi . The 81-year-old Oxford-educated Singh has been prime minister for India 's governing Congress party since May 2004 . His move to rule himself out of the race for the top job in this year 's general elections did n't surprise political observers . His party suffered a bruising defeat in regional elections in December , billed by the country 's news media as an indicator of political trends ahead of the upcoming national vote . "  There 's nothing surprising about it. , " said K.G. Suresh , a political commentator . "  The way the Congress party failed in the semi-finals , it was a settled affair that Dr. Manmohan Singh will not be its face in the general elections . " A rash of corruption scandals has also undermined the reputation of Singh 's coalition government over the past few years . Asked if he ever thought of quitting his job , Singh said : "  I never felt like resigning at any time . I have enjoyed doing my work . I have tried to do my work with all honesty , with all sense of integrity . " He sought to downplay allegations of corruption against his administration . "  I have every reason to believe when history is written of the period , we will come out unscathed , " Singh said . "  This is not to say there were no irregularities . There were irregularities , but the dimensions of the problems have been overstated by the media , by the CAG  Comptroller and Auditor General  , sometimes by other entities . " According to a damning report by India 's national auditor , the CAG , the national treasury lost as much as $ 31 billion from the 2008 sale of the wireless frequencies . The scandal rocked Singh 's government during its second term , when it also struggled with accusations of large-scale fraud in the sports , real estate and coal sectors . Singh , however , defended his government 's record in fighting graft . "  We are deeply committed to the objective of combating corruption , " he said . "  An array of historical legislations has been enacted to make the work of the government transparent and accountable . "	"  I will hand the baton over to a new prime minister , " Singh says He has been in office for the governing Congress party since May 2004 The party suffered a bruising defeat in regional elections last month Singh downplays accusations of corruption against his government
CNN  -- After meeting a number black couples in crisis , Nisa Muhammad and Dr. Rozario Slack were inspired to create Basic Training for Couples . Nisa Muhammad , who founded National Black Marriage Day , co-created the Basic Training for Couples program . The eight-week program educates dating , engaged or married couples about the value of commitment , responsibility to the black community , psychological differences between the sexes , sexual intimacy and conflict resolution . Slack created the male-friendly portion while Muhammad , who founded National Black Marriage Day and the Wedded Bliss Foundation , created the female-friendly portion . In the program , couples also learn about the history of the African-American marriage and many for the first time plot their own family tree to trace marriage and divorces . The following is rundown of the eight-week course : Class No. 1 : Why marriage ? This class teaches the benefits of marriage for men , women , children and the community . It gives the history of marriage in the black community from slavery when marriage was illegal to today 's trends . Icebreaker : Q & A : How couples met ? Homework : 1 . Choose songs to reflect their love for each other 2 . Marriage family tree Class No. 2 : From I to we ; the sweetness of surrender This class helps couples transition from "  I thinking " to "  we thinking . " It helps them understand the value of making their marriage a priority in their lives . Class No. 3 : Communication ; getting your message understood This class helps couples take responsibility for their communication and teaches skills to improve their communication techniques . Main lessons :  Respecting differences between men and women  Learning to talk to each other and not at each other  Format : Teaching session with dialogue .  Activity : The talking stick , during conversation only the individual holding the stick can speak . Class No. 4 : Conflict management This class helps couples understand that conflict needs to be managed , or it will manage you . It helps to normalize some conflict that couples experience with the understanding that some conflict can not be resolved and can only be managed . Lessons :  This class targets biases . When there 's a difference of opinions , generally the stronger spouse wants his or her way .  How to bring closure to old issues instead of combining them into new issues/conflict .  Agree to disagree and not degrade your spouse for having a difference of opinion . Activity : Break up into gender groups to discuss current conflicts . The group works out ways to solve the issue Class No. 5 : Let 's make love When the sex is good in a marriage , it 's only about 20 percent of what 's going on . When it 's bad , it 's a significant problem . This class helps to solve some of those problems . The approach was from a physiological and biological perspective of the differences between the male 's and female 's body . Discussion included chemical bonding effect in women and men . Class No. 6 : From yours and mine to ours Many couples in the black community bring children from other relationships to their marriage . This class helps to blend the family into one cohesive unit . It also talks about preventing in-laws from becoming outlaws . Class No. 7 : Keeping the FIRE burning FIRE is an acronym for Faithful , Intimacy , Responsibility and Excitement . This class helps couples maintain the FIRE in their relationship . Class No. 8 : From this day forward This class helps couples understand the value of commitment in their marriage and never to make divorce an option . They create their own place for success . Recap of all the lessons together :  Remembering people gravitate to the applause  Ways to appreciate and affirm your spouse  Setting time for just the two of you  Learning to communicate , getting your message heard and understood Bonus class : Hot monogamy Gets couples comfortable to discuss sex with their spouse . Graduation A ceremony of new beginnings , couples testify what the class brought to their marriage over the eight-week period . Lots of emotions and bonding during this time between husbands and wives . Graduating couples are encouraged to bring a couple from their community or family who needs help .	Nisa Muhammad and Rozario Slack created a Basic Training for Couples The eight-week program helps dating , engaged and married couples stay on track Unhealthy relationships give kids inaccurate views of marriage , says Muhammad
CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's "  live " performance at the 2014 Billboard Music Awards brought a mixed reaction Sunday night . "  Uncomfortable , odd and eerily interesting , " is how public relations agent Simone Smalls summed it up in a tweet . "  Not quite sure what to feel . #MissingMJ " Uncomfortable because Jackson died nearly five years ago while preparing for a comeback tour . His remains are resting in a crypt in a Forest Lawn mausoleum . But technology tricked viewers -- and the celebrity audience in the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas -- into suspending disbelief for a few minutes to watch the pop icon onstage dancing and singing his "  new " song "  Slave to the Rhythm . " Ludacris , the rapper-actor who hosted the show , actually introduced it as "  Live from the MGM Grand , Michael Jackson . " "  He 's baaaccck ! " Mark Cuban , the owner of an NBA team and TV channel , tweeted about Jackson 's "  hologram . " Cuban added an Instagram video . The dance moves were not really Michael Jackson 's but apparently those of a stand-in performer who recreated his steps for a computer that then laid on an image intended to replicate Jackson . But where was the swagger -- like Charlie Chaplin -- that characterized Jackson 's cool walk ? "  I wish it would have actually looked like him , " one fan said . It was eerily interesting because the illusion was effective if you did n't watch too closely or were n't obsessively familiar with Jackson 's dancing , walking and appearance . "  I enjoyed it . Could have had better face but overall it was great . Will have it on repeat , " a diehard Jackson fan tweeted . #kendallyouhadonejob Imagine Ed Sullivan confusing the Beatles with the Beach Boys when he introduced the British group 's first live U.S. television performance 50 years ago . That 's the modern equivalent of what Kendall Jenner did at the Billboard Awards . The reality TV personality , model and Kardashian half-sister caught herself halfway through introducing the Australian boy band 5 Seconds of Summer as One Direction . "  Now , we welcome One ... Guys , I 'm the worst reader ! " Jenner said as she dived below the camera shot . She quickly tossed to a video of the group -- which included a short clip comparing their arrival in the United States to the Beatles ' 1964 invasion . Jenner never fully recovered . The television audience only heard her say "  of Summer " when she resumed the intro after the video . Twitter had a blast with the 18-year-old 's flub . Two hashtags soon trended : #kendallyouhadonejob and #KendalljennerItsFIVE But many -- including Jenner herself -- agreed on one thing . Kendall Jenner looked great on the red carpet . Lorde 's message Lorde wants you to know she 's no longer the young 15-year-old who recorded "  Royals , " a song that spent much of last summer at the top of the charts and was honored Sunday as the "  top rock song . " "  What I wanted to say was that I am 17 and a half now , " Lorde said as she accepted Billboard 's top new artist award . When laughter erupted with that remark , she stopped to say "  that was n't a joke . " Lorde 's said she 's had "  the opportunity to grow and learn as a new artist " in the last year "  in the spotlight . " She later performed "  Tennis Court , " another song from her younger years . The irony not lost on the Billboard audience is that many people are surprised to learn that the mature talking-acting-looking New Zealander is actually a teenager . #Lordeis17 became a trending topic on Twitter worldwide . Justin Timberlake : ' I Want to Thank Everybody on Earth ... Except Donald Sterling '	Michael Jackson fan : "  Not quite sure what to feel " about "  hologram " performance Fans complain it was n't as good as MJ , but what else is ? Kendall Jenner gets buzz for botching 5 Seconds of Summer intro Lorde says she 's not the 15-year-old she was when she recorded "  Royals "
Editor 's Note : David M. Walker served as comptroller general of the United States and head of the Government Accountability Office from 1998 to 2008 . He is now president and CEO of the Peter G. Peterson Foundation . David Walker says the federal debt could double , forcing huge increases in your taxes . CNN  -- Even under the best of economic circumstances , tax season is a tense time for American households . The number of hours we collectively spend working on our returns is probably a lot more than government agencies claim . The burden in financial terms is even greater : A recent independent survey found that the average American 's total federal , state and local tax bill roughly equals his or her entire earnings from January 1 up until right before tax day . Now imagine that tax bill doubling over time . In recent years , the federal government has spent more money than it takes in at an increasing rate . Total federal debt almost doubled during President George W. Bush 's administration and , as much as we needed some stimulus spending to boost the economy , the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office now estimates total debt levels could almost double again over the next eight years based on the budget recently outlined by President Obama . Regardless of what politicians tell you , any additional accumulations of debt are , absent dramatic reductions in the size and role of government , basically deferred tax increases . Remember the old saw ? "  You can pay me now or you can pay me later , with interest . " To help put things in perspective , the Peterson Foundation calculated the federal government accumulated $ 56.4 trillion in total liabilities and unfunded promises for Medicare and Social Security as of September 30 , 2008 . The numbers used to calculate this figure come directly from the audited financial statements of the U.S. government . If $ 56.4 trillion in financial commitments is too big a number to digest , think of it as $ 483,000 per American household , or $ 184,000 for every man , woman and child in the country . Even broken down , the numbers can be tough to swallow . Yes , you 've paid your taxes , but you still bear a significant share of the government 's own financial burden . To help this news go down with a smile , the Peterson Foundation is supporting a campaign designed to help Americans understand what Washington is doing to us , rather than for us . Meet Owen & Payne  www.owenandpayne.com  , partners in a fictional accounting firm that specializes in helping Americans fill out the "  new " Form 483000 , which spells out how our elected officials are putting our nation into more and more debt and how that bill eventually will have to be paid : By doubling your taxes . The campaign is all in fun , but the intent is very serious . Unless we begin to get our fiscal house in order , there 's simply no other way to handle our ever-mounting debt burdens except by doubling taxes over time . Otherwise , our growing commitments for Medicare and Social Security benefits will gradually squeeze out spending on other vital programs such as education , research and development , and infrastructure . Personal savings , while experiencing an uptick lately because of the recession , have been too low for too long . As a result , when our government has to borrow money , it must increasingly turn to lenders overseas . Effectively addressing these issues will require tough choices and comprehensive reforms , including budget controls , changes to our entitlement programs , reductions in health care costs , other spending cuts , and yes , tax increases . But as the old saw goes , paying now , or paying soon , wo n't be as painful as paying later . So as you file your tax returns this year , bear in mind that no matter how much you 're paying now , you 'll pay much more in the future because of Washington 's failure to get its finances in order . If you do n't like the idea , then get informed and get involved . And by listening rather than punishing , help encourage our elected officials to speak the truth about our financial condition , even if it means reforming entitlements , cutting spending , and yes , raising taxes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David M. Walker .	David Walker : If you 've survived filing your taxes , you still have to worry He says the nation 's debt is unsustainable and will require tax increases He says people should urge government to get fiscal house in order
CNN  -- The two New Jersey men suspected of attempting to fly to Somalia to join a terrorist organization were denied bail at a court hearing on Thursday . Mohamed Mahmood Alessa , 20 , of North Bergen , New Jersey , and Carlos Eduardo Almonte , 24 , of Elmwood Park , New Jersey , are charged with one count each of conspiracy to kill , maim and murder persons outside of the United States , which carries a maximum sentence of life in prison . The men , who were taken into custody at John F. Kennedy International Airport on Saturday , intended to take separate flights to Egypt on their way to Somalia "  to join designated foreign terrorist organization Al-Shabaab and wage violent jihad , " according to federal prosecutors . The criminal complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Newark alleges that in 2007 , Alessa and Almonte traveled together to Jordan , where they intended to enter Iraq in order to commit violence against U.S. troops there . The U.S. attorney 's office in New Jersey said the investigation of the two men began with a tip to the FBI -- from someone who knew them -- in October 2006 .	Bail denied for two men accused of trying to join a terror group The two were arrested at an airport on June 5 The FBI was investigating the two suspects since 2006
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Somewhere , it 's engraved in stone : "  Thou shalt remove thy laptop from thy bag . " Beginning Saturday , travelers will be able to leave laptops in bags that meet TSA screening requirements . But savvy travelers can begin ignoring that commandment of air travel beginning Saturday , when the Transportation Security Administration begins recognizing the latest innovation in aviation security -- checkpoint-friendly computer bags . The TSA said it has worked with bag manufacturers to address one of the biggest frustrations of air travelers , the need to remove computers from carry-on bags and place them in bins . It asked manufacturers to design bags that give X-ray machines a clear , unobstructed view of the laptops . Some 60 manufacturers responded to the TSA 's solicitation , with 40 of them submitting prototypes for testing . About a dozen manufacturers are currently advertising checkpoint-friendly bags . Many of the bags are deceptively simple . One common design resembles a clam shell . The case unzips into two , with one side holding the computer and the other holding computer peripherals , keys and other personal items . All of the bags are devoid of metal zippers , clips and buckles on the side of the bag that holds the computer . Learn about the TSA 's laptop bag requirements " Travelers at Reagan National Airport near Washington had different opinions on the hassles of carrying computers but were uniformly supportive of having checkpoint-friendly bags . "  Sign me up , " said traveler Seth Robertson , who was carrying a computer bag and a large , stuffed pony , a present for a friend in Nicaragua . Getting the computer through the checkpoint was more difficult than the stuffed animal , he said . "  The laptop , I have to take out of the bag and put it separately , " Robertson said , whereas the pony , he could "  just stuff right through . " Screeners did n't even look the gift horse in the mouth . The TSA says about one-third of all air travelers carry laptops . And the current screening procedures are cumbersome for travelers who sometimes leave laptops at the checkpoints in their haste . Watch a screening demonstration with a new laptop bag " In fact , about 4,800 laptops are lost at airport checkpoints every day , according to a study conducted this year by the Ponemon Institute for the Dell computer company . It is not known how may are quickly recovered , an institute official said . But a checkpoint-friendly carrying case could potentially alleviate problems caused when folks grab the wrong computer by mistake , or grab the bag and forget the computer , he said . TSA spokeswoman Ellen Howe said the bags may even improve speed at checkpoints . "  Less time  is  spent putting things in the bin and putting things back in at the other end , so it may help the process along , " she said . For a bag to meet TSA requirements , it must meet the following five standards : The TSA says it is not approving or endorsing any bag design , but it says manufacturers have stepped up to the plate , providing a number of bags that qualify .	Checkpoint-friendly computer bags will be eligible for TSA screening Saturday Travelers must use bags with a designated laptop-only section There must be no metal snaps , zippers or buckles obstructing the view
CNN  ISIS militants in northern Syria released 19 Assyrian Christian hostages on Sunday , according to Rami Abdelrahman , the chief of the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Abdelrahman has a network of activists on the ground in Syria . On Saturday , the observatory -- citing an Assyrian commander -- said that ISIS planned to release 29 Assyrian Christian hostages . ISIS captured at least 220 Assyrians , all Christians , on February 23 during an attack on the villages around the town of Tal Tamer in the northern Syrian province of al-Hasakah . The Syrian Observatory said Saturday that a self-proclaimed ISIS court ordered the release , citing an Assyrian commander . The "  court " told the commander that the fate of the other kidnapped Assyrians has yet to be decided by ISIS Sharia jurists . The Syrian Observatory said its information indicates ISIS has taken the hostages to the Mount Abdelaziz area , southwest of Tal Tamer . The founder of the Assyrian Human Rights Network , Osama Edward , puts the number of Assyrian hostages at more than 262 . Edward is based in Sweden but has family in the area that was attacked , and says his information is from the network 's team on the ground . The number of hostages has climbed steadily , from an initial estimate of between 70 and 100 people seized on Monday to 150 as of Wednesday , with women , children and the elderly among them . The number of people executed by the terrorist group has also climbed steadily . Since the declaration of its "  caliphate " last June , ISIS has killed 1,969 people , the Syrian Observatory said Saturday . Nearly two-thirds of them -- 1,238 people -- were civilians . Six were children and eight were women , the group said . Of the rest , 95 were fighters from the al Qaeda-affiliated rebel group al-Nusra Front , the Syrian Observatory said , and 511 were officers and soldiers of regime forces . ISIS also executed 125 of its own members for "  exceeding the limits in religion , " the Syrian Observatory said . "  We in SOHR believe that the real number of people that had been killed by  ISIS  is higher than the number documented by SOHR because there are hundreds of missing and detainees inside the  ISIS  jails , loss of communication with about 1,000 men of al-Shaitaat tribe ,  and  dozens of Kurds who have still been missing " since ISIS attacked the Syrian town of Kobani in September . CNN 's Samira Said in Abu Dhabi and Hamdi Alkhshali in Atlanta contributed to this report .	ISIS captured Assyrian Christians in various villages in northern Syria ISIS has executed nearly 2,000 people since June , the Syrian Observatory reports
Washington  CNN  -- The nation 's growing acceptance of same-sex marriage has happened in slow and painstaking moves , eventually building into a momentum that is sweeping even the most unlikely of converts . Even though he said in 2008 that he could only support civil unions for same-sex couples , President Barack Obama nonetheless enjoyed strong support among the gay community . He disappointed many with his conspicuously subdued first-term response to the same-sex marriage debate . Last year , after Vice President Joe Biden announced his support , the president then said his position had evolved and he , too , supported same-sex marriage . So it was no small matter when on Thursday the Obama administration formally expressed its support of same-sex marriage in a court brief weighing in on California 's Proposition 8 , which bans same-sex weddings . The administration 's effort was matched by at least 100 high-profile Republicans  $ " some of whom in elections past depended on gay marriage as a wedge issue guaranteed to rally the base  $ " who signed onto a brief supporting gay couples to legally wed. . Obama on same-sex marriage : Everyone is equal Then there are the polls that show that an increasing number of Americans now support same-sex marriage . These polls show that nearly half of the nation 's Catholics and white , mainstream Protestants and more than half of the nation 's women , liberals and political moderates all support same-sex marriage . According to Pew Research Center polling , 48 % of Americans support same-sex marriage with 43 % opposed . Back in 2001 , 57 % opposed same-sex marriage while 35 % supported it . In last year 's presidential election , same-sex marriage scarcely raised a ripple . That sea change is not lost on the president . "  The same evolution I 've gone through is the same evolution the country as a whole has gone through , " Obama told reporters on Friday . Craig Rimmerman , professor of public policy and political science at Hobart and William Smith colleges says there is history at work here and the administration is wise to get on the right side . "  There is no doubt that President Obama 's shifting position on Proposition 8 and same-sex marriage more broadly is due to his desire to situate himself on the right side of history with respect to the fight over same-sex marriage , " said Rimmerman , author of "  From Identity to Politics : The Lesbian and Gay Movements in the United States . " "  I also think that broader changes in public opinion showing greater support for same-sex marriage , especially among young people , but in the country at large as well , has created a cultural context for Obama to alter his views . " For years , Obama had frustrated many in the gay community by not offering full-throated support of same-sex marriage . However , the president 's revelation last year that conversations with his daughters and friends led him to change his mind gave many in that community hope . Last year , the Obama administration criticized a measure in North Carolina that banned same-sex marriage and made civil unions illegal . The president took the same position on a similar Minnesota proposal . Obama administration officials point to what they see as the administration 's biggest accomplishment in the gay rights cause : repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " the military 's ban on openly gay and lesbian members serving in the forces . Then there was the president 's inaugural address which placed the gay community 's struggle for equality alongside similar civil rights fights by women and African-Americans . "  Our journey is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law , for if we are truly created equal , then surely the love we commit to one another must be equal , as well , " Obama said in his address after being sworn in . In offering its support and asserting in the brief that "  prejudice may not be the basis for differential treatment under the law , " the Obama administration is setting up a high stakes political and constitutional showdown at the U.S. Supreme Court over a fast-evolving and contentious issue . The justices will hear California 's Proposition 8 case in March . That case and another appeal over the federal Defense of Marriage Act will produce blockbuster rulings from the justices in coming months . Beyond the legal wranglings there is a strong social and historic component , one that has helped open the way for the administration to push what could prove to be a social issue that defines Obama 's second term legacy , Rimmerman said . The nation is redefining itself on this issue , as well . Pew survey : Changing attitudes on gay marriage The changes are due , in part , to generational shifts . Younger people show a higher level of support than their older peers , according to Pew polling "  Millennials are almost twice as likely as the Silent Generation to support same-sex marriage . " "  As people have grown up with people having the right to marry the generational momentum has been very , very strong , " said Evan Wolfson , president of Freedom to Marry , a gay rights organization . That is not to say that there is n't still opposition . Pew polling found that most Republicans and conservatives remain opposed to same-sex marriage . In 2001 , 21 % of Republicans were supportive ; in 2012 that number nudged slightly to 25 % . Conservative groups expressed dismay at the administration 's same-sex marriage support . "  President Obama , who was against same-sex ` marriage ' before he was for it , and his administration , which said the Defense of Marriage Act was constitutional before they said it was unconstitutional , has now flip-flopped again on the issue of same-sex ` marriage , ' putting allegiance to extreme liberal social policies ahead of constitutional principle , " Family Research Council President Tony Perkins said in a statement . But there are signs of movement even among some high profile Republican leaders Top Republicans sign brief supporting same-sex marriage The Republican-penned friend of the court brief , which is designed to influence conservative justices on the high court , includes a number of top officials from the George W. Bush administration , Mitt Romney 's former campaign manager and former GOP presidential candidate Jon Huntsman . It is also at odds with the Republican Party 's platform , which opposes same-sex marriage and defines marriage as a union between a man and a woman . Still , with White House and high-profile Republican support , legal and legislative victories in a number of states and polls that show an increasing number of Americans support same sex-marriage , proponents feel that the winds of history are with them . "  What we 've seen is accelerating and irrefutable momentum as Americans have come to understand who gay people are and why marriage matters , " Wolfson said . "  We now have a solid national majority and growing support across every demographic . We have leaders across the spectrum , including Republicans , all saying it 's time to end marriage discrimination . " CNN 's Peter Hamby , Ashley Killough and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	The president and the nation have shifted perspectives on same-sex marriage Supreme Court ruling on California 's same-sex marriage ban a critical test Growing public support for gay marriage give proponents hope for change
CNN  -- Charlie Sheen 's plea deal to resolve felony domestic violence charges in Aspen , Colorado , will allow the actor to serve his jail term at a Malibu , California , rehab center , his lawyer said Monday . "  Guilty as charged , your honor , " Sheen answered when the judge asked for his plea . But "  as charged " did not include a felony count . It was dropped in exchange for Sheen 's guilty plea to a misdemeanor third-degree assault count , Pitkin County , Colorado , court spokesman Rob McCallum said . The case stemmed from Sheen 's arrest on Christmas Day after his wife , Brooke Mueller , told Aspen police he threatened her with a knife at their holiday home . "  We 're very pleased with the plea , " defense lawyer Yale Galanter said after Monday 's sentencing . Sheen , in a statement issued through his publicist , said he was "  very grateful . " "  I look forward to complying with the court 's decision , getting on with my life and putting this behind me , " he said . The 30-day jail sentence could be completed quickly since the judge will count time the actor spent at the same rehab facility -- Promises of Malibu -- earlier this year , McCallum said . Sheen , 44 , also will serve three months of unsupervised probation and attend 36 hours of domestic violence evaluation and treatment . The sentence means that Sheen can be on the set in Burbank , California , when production on the new season of his hit CBS sitcom "  Two and a Half Men " resumes Tuesday morning , Galanter said . Mark Burg , who is Sheen 's manager , said show production will not be affected . "  Thankfully , the Pitkin County court is letting him keep three  hundred  or four hundred people employed each week . " "  We employ a lot of people , " Burg said . "  And Charlie , without him , there is no show . " A former Aspen police officer who interviewed Mueller and took photos after the incident said she was "  appalled " that Sheen got the "  lightest possible sentence imaginable . " "  I wish that the judge could have seen what Mrs. Sheen looked like on that Christmas Day , " said Valerie McFarlane , who lost her job with the Aspen Police Department earlier this year in an unrelated matter . Galanter , who also has represented Sheen 's wife , said she is "  totally on board " with the plea agreement . "  Brooke wanted the charges dismissed completely and still does , " Galanter said . Sheen 's legal trouble began last Christmas morning when his wife called police . "  My husband had me with a knife and I 'm scared for my life and he threatened me , " Mueller , 32 , told a police dispatcher . A police report quoted Mueller saying Sheen held a switchblade knife to her throat as he held her down on her bed . "  You better be in fear , " the report alleged Sheen told his wife . "  If you tell anybody , I 'll kill you . Your mother 's money means nothing . I have ex-police I can hire who know how to get the job done and they wo n't leave any trace . " An Aspen police officer wrote that he saw "  red marks on the upper part of the front of her neck . " Sheen denied attacking his wife , but admitted breaking her glasses , the police report said . The argument began when Mueller became jealous that Sheen "  shared a song for his daughter , whom he fathered with another woman , " the officer quoted Sheen as saying . Sheen told police he became angry when his wife threatened to divorce him and fight for custody of their twin sons , the report said . Aspen police charged Sheen with felony second-degree assault , felony menacing and a misdemeanor charge of criminal mischief . He was booked under his birth name , Carlos Irwin Estevez . Both Sheen and Mueller , 32 , entered substance abuse rehabilitation several weeks after the incident . The couple was married in 2008 . Their twin sons , Max and Bob , celebrated their first birthday in March . The son of actor Martin Sheen , Charlie Sheen recently signed a new contract to continue with "  Two and a Half Men . "	NEW : An officer who investigated Sheen case said she was "  appalled " by sentence NEW : Sheen will get credit for the days he 's already spent in rehab Lawyer : "  We are very pleased with the plea " Sheen will be on the set when "  Two and a Half Men " production resumes Tuesday
CNN  -- Hawaii 's legislature gave final passage to a measure Tuesday to make it the 16th American state to legalize same-sex marriage . "  With today 's vote , Hawaii joins a growing number of states that recognize that our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters should be treated fairly and equally under the law , " President Obama , a native Hawaiian , said in a statement . Illinois is poised to become the 15th state when its governor signs a same-sex marriage bill given final passage by its General Assembly last week . Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn has said he would "  put our state on the right side of history " by signing it November 20 . Hawaii 's Gov. Neil Abercrombie will sign the legislation Wednesday morning . The law is set to take effect on December 2 . "  Whenever freedom and equality are affirmed , our country becomes stronger , " Obama said . "  By giving loving gay and lesbian couples the right to marry if they choose , Hawaii exemplifies the values we hold dear as a nation . I 've always been proud to have been born in Hawaii , and today 's vote makes me even prouder . And Michelle and I extend our best wishes to all those in Hawaii whose families will now be given the security and respect they deserve . " In addition to Hawaii and Illinois , same-sex marriage is legal in 14 states -- California , Connecticut , Delaware , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Rhode Island , Vermont and Washington -- as well as the District of Columbia . Colorado and Hawaii allow civil unions . Same-sex marriage is banned in every state not mentioned above , except for New Mexico , which has no laws banning or allowing it . Proponents of same-sex marriage say they have momentum on their side . In June , the Supreme Court rejected parts of the Defense of Marriage Act in a 5-4 decision , dismissing an appeal over same-sex marriage on jurisdictional grounds and ruling same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits . It also ruled that private parties did not have standing to defend California 's voter-approved ballot measure barring gay and lesbian couples from state-sanctioned wedlock , clearing the way for same-sex marriages in California to resume . But opponents say the fight is far from over . Shortly before the Illinois votes , the president of the National Organization for Marriage urged people to contact their state representatives to tell them they support marriage as the union of one man and one woman . "  We 've seen how marriage redefinition leads to those who believe in traditional marriage being punished , labeled ` bigots ' and ` haters ' in the public square , and forced to be silent about their deeply held beliefs or face repercussions . And their children ? They 're taught in schools that the values planted in them at home are bigoted and outdated , the equivalent of racism ! " Brian Brown wrote in a blog post . Worldwide , 16 other countries  and parts of Mexico  also have laws allowing same-sex marriage and domestic partnerships . Most of these are in Europe and South America .	Hawaii 's same-sex marriage law is set to take effect on June 1 , 2014 "  Hawaii exemplifies the values we hold dear as a nation , " President Obama says Illinois becomes the 15th state when its governor signs a same-sex marriage bill 16 other countries  and parts of Mexico  allow same-sex marriage
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama sought to link the past and future on Monday in his second inaugural address , tying the nation 's founding principles to the challenges confronting his second term in a call for Americans to fulfill the responsibility of citizenship . Eschewing poetic language for rhetorical power , Obama cited the accomplishments of the past four years while laying out a progressive agenda for the next four that would tackle thorny issues like gun control , climate change and immigration reform . "  We have always understood that when times change , so must we ; that fidelity to our founding principles requires new responses to new challenges ; that preserving our individual freedoms ultimately requires collective action , " he said . "  My fellow Americans , we are made for this moment and we will seize it so long as we seize it together , " he added later . Analysts called the speech politically astute and an important expression of new forcefulness by the president as he enters his second term following re-election last November . "  It 's a real declaration of conscience , about principles , about what he believes in , " said CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen . "  He basically said , ` When I came in the first term , we had all these emergencies , we had these wars . We 've now started to clear the decks . Let 's talk about what 's essential . ' " Obama speech addresses social justice movements The foundation of the address , and Obama 's vision for the future , were the tenets he quoted from the Declaration of Independence -- "  that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . " "  Today , we continue a never-ending journey , to bridge the meaning of those words with the realities of our time , " Obama said to gathered dignitaries and flag-waving throngs on the National Mall . "  For history tells us that while these truths may be self-evident , they have never been self-executing ; that while freedom is a gift from God , it must be secured by His people here on Earth . " In particularly pointed references , the president made a forceful call for gay rights that equated the issue with the struggle for women 's rights in the 19th century and civil rights in the 1960s . "  We , the people , declare today that the most evident of truths -- that all of us are created equal -- is the star that guides us still ; just as it guided our forebears through Seneca Falls , and Selma , and Stonewall , " Obama said , mentioning landmarks of the women 's , black and gay rights movements . "  It is now our generation 's task to carry on what those pioneers began , " he continued , prompting the loudest applause and cheers of his address when he said "  our journey is not complete until our wives , our mothers , and daughters can earn a living equal to their efforts . " Opinion : 11 views on Obama 's speech More cheers came when Obama called for "  our gay brothers and sisters " to be treated "  like anyone else under the law -- for if we are truly created equal , then surely the love we commit to one another must be equal as well . " According to observers , it was the first time a president championed gay marriage in an inaugural address . With further mention of topical issues such as immigration reform and gun control , Obama came to his key point -- that adhering to America 's bedrock principles requires taking action on today 's challenges . "  Being true to our founding documents does not require us to agree on every contour of life ; it does not mean we will all define liberty in exactly the same way , or follow the same precise path to happiness , " he said . "  Progress does not compel us to settle centuries-long debates about the role of government for all time -- but it does require us to act in our time . " A deep partisan divide in Washington and the country characterized Obama 's first term , with Congress seemingly paralyzed at times and repeated episodes of brinksmanship over debt and spending issues bringing the first-ever downgrade of the U.S. credit rating . Acknowledging the political rift , Obama called for leaders and citizens to work for the greater good of the country . "  We can not mistake absolutism for principle , or substitute spectacle for politics , or treat name-calling as reasoned debate , " he said . "  We must act , knowing that our work will be imperfect . " At the same time , he made clear he would fight for the central themes of his election campaign . "  For we , the people , understand that our country can not succeed when a shrinking few do very well and a growing many barely make it , " he said . While "  we must make the hard choices to reduce the cost of health care and the size of our deficit , " he said , "  we reject the belief that America must choose between caring for the generation that built this country and investing in the generation that will build its future . " Text of speech In particular , he defended the need for popular entitlement programs that provide government benefits to senior citizens , the poor and the disabled , saying they were part of the American fabric . "  The commitments we make to each other -- through Medicare , and Medicaid , and Social Security -- these things do not sap our initiative ; they strengthen us , " Obama said . "  They do not make us a nation of takers ; they free us to take the risks that make this country great . " On Monday , Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell , one of Obama 's harshest critics , called the president 's second term "  a fresh start when it comes to dealing with the great challenges of our day ; particularly , the transcendent challenge of unsustainable federal spending and debt . " Other issues also appear difficult , if not intractable . Obama made a reference to gun control , saying that the nation needed to ensure that "  all our children , from the streets of Detroit to the hills of Appalachia to the quiet lanes of Newtown , know that they are cared for , and cherished , and always safe from harm . " However , congressional Republicans and some Democrats , as well as the powerful gun lobby , have rejected proposals Obama recently announced in response to the Connecticut school shootings that killed 20 Newtown first-graders last month . In citing climate change as a priority , Obama raised the profile of the issue on the national agenda after a presidential campaign in which it was almost never mentioned . "  We will respond to the threat of climate change , knowing that the failure to do so would betray our children and future generations , " he said , warning of a "  long and sometimes difficult " path to sustainable energy sources in a nation dominated by its fossil fuel industries such as oil and coal . "  America can not resist this transition ; we must lead it , " Obama said . "  We can not cede to other nations the technology that will power new jobs and new industries -- we must claim its promise . " Obama infused his speech with references to two assassinated American icons -- President Abraham Lincoln and civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. . In one passage , Obama cited "  blood drawn by lash and blood drawn by sword " in mentioning the Civil War and slavery . It mimicked Lincoln 's second inaugural address in 1865 , when he spoke of the possibility that "  every drop of blood drawn with the lash shall be paid by another drawn the sword . " Of King , Obama referred to those who came to Washington almost 50 years ago "  to hear a preacher say that we can not walk alone ; to hear a King proclaim that our individual freedom is inextricably bound to the freedom of every soul on Earth . " The inauguration coincided with the national holiday honoring King . The president concluded by urging Americans to fulfill their responsibility as citizens by meeting "  the obligation to shape the debates of our time -- not only with the votes we cast , but with the voices we lift in defense of our most ancient values and enduring ideals . " At a little more than 2,100 words , Obama 's speech was about 300 shorter than his first inaugural address four years earlier . In 2009 , he was fresh off his historic election as the nation 's first African-American president , facing an economic recession , wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the ongoing terrorist threat . David Maraniss , author of the book "  Barack Obama : The Story , " said the difference from four years ago was palpable , adding : "  I could feel his heart beating this time . " EARLIER : Top 5 inaugural addresses CNN 's Dana Bash and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	President Obama 's inaugural address eschews poetry for rhetorical power The president 's speech invokes core themes of his re-election campaign His progressive address mentions climate change , gay marriage David Gergen : Obama said "  let 's talk about what 's essential "
Washington  CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration is upgrading security clearances for 10,000 of its airport personnel , giving them access to "  secret " intelligence to help them better detect threats and stop terrorists , the agency said Friday . To date , the agency has granted access to secret-level classified information to 744 front-line supervisors , managers and behavior-detection officers . It now hopes to be able to give that clearance to all 10,000 supervisory personnel in the next two years , it said . The change does not involve airport screeners , the people responsible for inspecting people and luggage at airport checkpoints . "  It 's a natural progression , " TSA spokeswoman Sterling Payne said . "  It 's the next step in professionalizing our work force . What this will do is give them a leg up and a little more detail than what they 're getting in the -LSB- current -RSB- briefing . " The change will empower the employees and make sure they have up-to-date and accurate information about intelligence threats , she said . The majority of the agency 's headquarters managers already have secret - or higher-level clearances for classified information . James Carafano , a senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation , said it is a good idea to increase the number of aviation security officials with access to intelligence . The move could decrease the chance that information will be leaked because employees who are given clearance are trained to treat the information appropriately , he said . Officers also must undergo additional background checks before receiving the upgraded status , the agency said . The Transportation Security Administration said personnel granted security clearances are educated about their responsibility to protect classified information , sign a non-disclosure agreement and take annual refresher training . Under the federal government 's system of classifying information , "  secret " clearance is above "  restricted " and "  confidential " but below "  top secret . " Randall Larsen , director of the Institute for Homeland Security , was enthusiastic about the expanded base of people with access to "  secret " intelligence , saying it is particularly needed by behavior detection officers , who look for travelers exhibiting unusual behavior . "  Just think , if we had pulled that Christmas bomber aside and spoken to him for just a few minutes , he would have never gotten on that plane , " Larsen said . But support for the move is n't universal . "  Our members are screaming because the problem is , as it always has been , that -LSB- airline pilots -RSB- are being left behind , " said David Mackett , president of the Airline Pilots Security Alliance . "  I 'd much rather have the critical information get to the flight crews " and flight attendants , he said . Mackett said airport security personnel "  see passengers for several seconds , and yet they 're not sharing -LSB- information -RSB- with air crews who see them for several hours . " He also said the TSA has "  a very high turnover rate " compared with that of flight crews , so sensitive information will migrate away from the government . Mike Karn , security chairman for the Coalition of Airline Pilots Association , agreed that flight crews should receive "  secret " information , saying terrorists have proved that they can still get on aircraft . "  You have to strengthen them all the way up to that last line of defense , " Karn said .	TSA says access to "  secret " intelligence will help them better detect threats Change does not apply to airport security screeners New clearances will be above "  confidential " but below "  top secret "
San Francisco  CNN  -- Barry Bonds ' former trainer was freed Friday from the prison where he 's been held since he refused to testify in the baseball legend 's perjury trial two weeks ago . With the jury now deliberating the perjury and obstruction of justice case against Bonds , U.S. District Judge Susan Illston ordered Gary Anderson to be released . Illston found Anderson in contempt of court on the first day of trial testimony when his lawyer informed her that he would not take the stand to answer questions about Bonds ' steroid use . It was the third time Anderson chose jail time over testimony . He was sent to prison for several weeks twice before when he refused to appear before a federal grand jury investigating Bonds . The absence of the trainer 's testimony hampered the government 's case against Bonds , who is charged with lying under oath when he testified about his steroids use in 2003 before the grand jury that was investigating an alleged sports doping scandal involving Anderson of the Bay Area Laboratory Co-operative . Bonds , 46 , allegedly lied about knowingly taking performance-enhancing drugs and about being injected by anyone but his doctors . The jury of eight women and four men are deciding Bonds ' fate in a San Francisco federal courthouse less than two miles from the ballpark where Bonds broke Hank Aaron 's major league home run record in August 2007 . The three perjury counts and one count of obstruction of justice could each carry a 10-year prison sentence upon conviction . A fourth perjury charge was dropped by prosecutors Wednesday . A prosecutor argued Thursday that Bonds lied because he knew the truth about his steroids use would "  tinge his accomplishments " and hurt his career . "  His secret was so powerful that he could n't admit it , would n't admit it , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeff Nedrow said in his closing arguments . Bonds ' defense lawyer , during his closing arguments Thursday , asked jurors to acquit him because of a technical oversight by prosecutors -- an argument the government quickly rebutted . The judge 's instructions to the jury say Bonds can found be found guilty only if his lies could have affected the grand jury 's decisions and that Bonds knew it , defense lawyer Allen Ruby said . But none of the 25 prosecution witnesses presented evidence about what decisions the grand jury made or what they might have made , Ruby said . "  Who told us about the grand jury at all ? " The Internal Revenue Service agent who started the federal investigation into the distribution of performance-enhancing drugs testified that Bonds ' false testimony affected his work , but Agent Jeff Novitzky was not part of the grand jury , Ruby said . "  I know that this is a little technical , " Ruby said . "  I do n't apologize for that . Every word of the law matters . " The judge also instructed jurors to rely only what they heard from witnesses in the trial and not use their prior knowledge of the grand jury process , he said . "  The government is trusting you to do what you are forbidden to do , and fill in the gaps , " Ruby said . Prosecutor Matthew Parrella , in his rebuttal , said Novitzky 's investigation and the grand jury probe were "  one and the same . " The jury can also read the indictments the grand jury issued in 2004 and the grand jury transcript in which "  the issues are fleshed out , " Parrella said . Ruby told jurors that Bonds acknowledged to the grand jury that he used the substances known as "  the clear and the cream , " but at the time of his testimony , even investigators did n't know what was in them . Bonds told the grand jury he thought Anderson was giving him flaxseed oil , Ruby said . Nedrow , in his closing , said it was "  implausible " that Bonds would take drugs "  and really not know what they were . " A urine sample given by Bonds in the summer of 2003 , just months before his grand jury testimony , tested positive for anabolic steroids , he said . The defense argued there was another sample taken weeks earlier that tested negative for the drugs . Defense lawyer Cristina Arguedas , in her part of closing arguments , accused prosecutors of ignoring crimes by witnesses in exchange for their testimony against Bonds . "  They will forgive it if that person will say something bad about Barry Bonds , " Arguedas said . Bonds ' former girlfriend , Kimberly Bell , testified for the prosecution that she witnessed physical and emotional changes in Bonds that the government argued were indications of steroids use . Bell testified during the trial that she had committed perjury when she told the same grand jury in 2003 that she had not noticed Bonds ' shrunken testicles . Bell also admitted she had committed mortgage fraud by lying on a home loan application , Arguedas said . During court testimony last month , Bonds ' childhood friend Steve Hoskins , who worked for a decade as his assistant , said he tried to persuade Bonds to stop using anabolic steroids in 2000 and 2003 . Bonds ' defense lawyer argued that Hoskins ' cooperation with the government was motivated by bitterness over Bonds firing him and by a desire for protection from prosecution for allegedly stealing money from Bonds . Prosecutors played an audio recording that Hoskins secretly made in the San Francisco Giants locker room of a conversation with Anderson about the hazards of steroid usage . Bonds ' defense attorney suggested that Hoskins made the recording only after Bonds dismissed him in March 2003 . Hoskins acknowledged that he leaked the details of the recording to investigative reporter Lance Williams , who included it in his book about the scandal , "  Game of Shadows . " While he never witnessed Bonds being injected with anabolic steroids , Hoskins said he saw Bonds and Anderson emerge from a bedroom with a syringe during spring training in 2000 . Bonds complained to him that year that steroid injections "  were making his butt sore , " Hoskins said . In his 21-year major league career , Bonds also set the record for most home runs in a single season in 2001 , when he hit 73 . He did not officially retire after he was indicted , but he never played another game .	Bonds ' trainer is ordered freed two weeks after he refused to testify The jury was given the Bonds perjury case to decide Thursday afternoon The baseball legend faces three perjury counts and an obstruction of justice charge The charges stem from a federal probe of athletes ' steroid use
CNN  -- It 's all about money . That great big money pit where hypocrisy lives and science goes to die . Take climate change . Yeah , I hear some of you . You do n't "  believe in it , " as though global warming is some kind of religion . Well , it sort of is . But it has little to do with God and everything to do with the color green . I discovered just how cynical I am about that "  money pit " when I sat down recently with Chloe Maxmin , a 22-year-old climate activist and senior at Harvard University whose idealism shines as bright as the North Star . I asked her why the issue is so important . "  Climate change is affecting everything I love and everything I care about , " Maxmin told me . "  My values at the moment lie around mitigating climate change and doing something about this impending crisis that is going to affect my generation and billions of people around the world . " That 's quite a challenge , I said to her . Let 's face it , there are powerful people out there who think scientists are elitist , politicized job killers . "  If we come at this from a place of love , " Maxmin responded , "  this infinite wellspring of energy that we can draw on , then it 's hard to believe that we ca n't achieve a better world . " But I just do n't see a genuine love for the planet these days . Money and politics are powerful motivators . It 's why some really smart people discount the fact there is a 97 % consensus among scientific experts that the Earth is getting warmer and human beings are in part to blame . The incoming Senate majority leader , Kentucky Republican Mitch McConnell , told the Cincinnati Enquirer 's editorial board that he does n't know if climate change is a real problem because he 's "  not a scientist . " McConnell added , "  I am interested in protecting Kentucky 's economy , I 'm interested in having low-cost electricity . " Then , he asserted that , " ... in the 1970s , people feared an Ice Age was imminent . " Actually , only a handful of scientists feared another Ice Age . The Christian Science Monitor points to MIT 's climatologist Richard Lindzen , a climate-change skeptic , to prove the point . Lindzen wrote this for the  conservative  Cato Institute in 1992 : "  Indeed , the global cooling trend of the 1950s and 1960s led to a minor global cooling hysteria in the 1970s . ... But the scientific community never took the issue to heart , governments ignored it , and with rising global temperatures in the late 1970s the issue more or less died . " Let 's return to 2014 . A discounted Ice Age analogy comes in handy when , like McConnell , you come from a state that depends on fossil fuel for jobs , and you 're lobbied relentlessly by an industry with money to burn . According to OpenSecrets.org : "  Companies with interests in oil and gas contributed more than $ 70 million to federal candidates in the 2012 cycle , more than double the total contributed in 2010 . " It goes on to cite , "  Political donations from the industry -- which includes gas producers and refiners , natural gas pipeline companies , gasoline stations , and fuel oil dealers -- have taken on an increasingly conservative tint over the past two decades . In the 2012 cycle , 90 % of its contributions went to the GOP . " Mitch McConnell , by the way , received more than 1.2 million in campaign dollars from oil , coal and gas entities . Now , I ca n't know for sure whether McConnell 's "  disbelief " in climate change is swayed by that great big money pit because , let 's face it , Kentucky depends on the coal industry for thousands of jobs and McConnell would not be in office if he did n't support the industry . Maxmin recognizes that economic fact , but she 's also absolutely sure "  that a lot of climate denial comes from the fossil fuel industry buying off politicians , propagating climate denial . " So , how exactly would Maxmin 's "  infinite wellspring of energy " beat out $ 70 million and save the planet ? Her solution is to fight fire with fire . Maxmin figured that if people like her can persuade Harvard to divest its $ 36 billion endowment from fossil fuel companies , it would send a powerful message to not only the fossil fuel industry but also our politicians . She has co-founded Divest Harvard to do just that . Stanford University has already decided it will no longer directly invest in coal mining companies because it has a responsibility to consider "  corporate policies or practices  that  create substantial social injury . " Harvard is fighting climate change , too . The university has an enviably small carbon footprint and its scientists are among the most respected for their work in global warming . But so far , the university has refused to divest because its president , Drew Faust , says divestment is "  likely to have a negligible financial impact on the affected companies . " CNN reached out to Faust and received no response . Just as McConnell 's state depends on the coal industry for jobs , Harvard depends on the industry , too . Harvard has the world 's largest university endowment with $ 32.7 billion . As Faust points out , Harvard "  counts on the fund to finance more than a third of its operating budget . " Maxmin is unmoved . "  We think that Harvard is not a corporation and that profit should n't be our main motivator , " she told me . "  Our main motivator should be about the students . And how can we invest in fossil fuel companies that are threatening our futures ? It 's an immoral bet against my generation . " Keep in mind , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , made up of hundreds of scientists , determined climate change has already affected "  agriculture , human health , ecosystems ...  and  water supplies . " French President Francois Hollande said global warming could lead to war . Even the U.S. Defense Department says climate change poses an "  immediate risk to national security . " And still , powerful politicians say , "  I 'm not a scientist . " And Harvard still feels pulling its investments out of fossil fuels would "  diminish the influence or voice we might have with this industry . " I understand where both sides are coming from , but it still bugs me . And it bugs Maxmin . "  When you 're talking about climate activism , I agree that we are seen as radical , but the science is so straightforward . And what 's radical is ignoring the science . What 's radical is continuing to use fossil fuels . What 's radical is a government that refuses to address climate change . " Need I say more ?	Carol Costello : 97 % of scientists agree on climate change , yet there are deniers Costello : Take Mitch McConnell , whose home state has a big coal industry She spoke with Chloe Maxmin , who advocates that Harvard do more on climate change Costello : Harvard should divest its large endowment from fossil fuel companies
CNN  -- Hey Mars ! We 're back ! Hope you do n't mind if we cruise around in our scientific SUV to grab some historic data and snap some breathtaking images . Oh , and we might do some Martian doughnuts in your front yard . Now that the Mars rover Curiosity is safely parked , NASA 's unmanned planet crawler appears ready to roll . A car salesman would have a ball selling this beauty . It 's loaded with an array of sophisticated cameras , a "  rocker bogie " suspension , a robotic arm , 2 gigs of flash memory , a rock-vaporizing laser  !!!!  and a plutonium-fueled power system . It operates by remote control from millions of miles away and has a blazing top speed of 1.5 inches per second . Sticker price  including delivery  : $ 2.6 billion . During its expected lifespan of 23 months , all this cool hardware could help solve big mysteries : Has life ever existed on Mars ? What can Mars tell us about our own planet ? Can we benefit from Martian resources ? But there are less romantic questions swirling around the fourth rock from the sun : Is the price tag really worth it ? Who will pay for the first manned mission to Mars ? Could manned space missions be replaced by robotic exploration ? The answers may be hard to see amid all the rover revelry . And this is n't the first time rovers have churned up this kind of excitement . In 1997 , a smaller NASA robot on Mars -- Sojourner -- lit up the Web . "  Back when the Internet was young , it was the largest Internet event in the history of that medium , " Curiosity team member James Bell told CNN on Monday . The little rover found clues suggesting that Mars once had a thicker atmosphere and liquid water . Sojourner and its parent spacecraft Pathfinder cost $ 265 million  PDF  . "  Later , in 2004 , when the Spirit and Opportunity rovers landed , it became one of the largest worldwide Internet sensations , " said Bell , who also worked on that mission . "  It slammed NASA 's website . " The rovers scored several discoveries including evidence of an ancient wet environment on Mars . Price tag for Spirit and Opportunity : $ 800 million  PDF  . Nowadays -- at least for some space travel fans -- Martian robots are n't so cool anymore . Curiosity "  is just another box with wheels on Mars , " says CNN commenter It_could_always_be_worse . "  Develop useful technology -- not this shooting of boxes with wheels all over the place . SEND PEOPLE , and I will be proud . " CNN commenter Max Lewes disagrees . "  This really was a HUGE leap from previous missions . " Related story : Curiosity 's wild ride After the initial excitement of Monday 's landing , even the Curiosity team jokingly acknowledged the first dusty black and white photos from the rover have already lost their luster . "  It 's not such a great picture anymore , " a smiling Mike Watkins told reporters . He promised color and panorama photos in the coming days . Seriously , no matter how successful unmanned missions might be , robots will never replace the need for human space exploration , says Bell . In a sense , Curiosity is performing a scouting mission for a manned U.S. mission to Mars that President Barack Obama predicts will happen in his lifetime . NASA administrator Charles Bolden gets even more specific : Manned missions to Mars are at least 18 years away -- sometime in the 2030s . But first , mission planners need more information about the Martian surface so they can choose the best landing sites . "  We do n't want astronauts to be surprised , " says Bell . Robot missions , such as Surveyor , preceded the Apollo moon landings , and these Martian probes are performing similar tasks . Putting a monetary value on space exploration is impossible , experts say , because there are too many unanswered questions , such as whether Mars , the moon or asteroids hold precious minerals , water and cheap energy resources that could be mined and brought back to Earth . "  The reason to send humans will be because we have to , " Bell says . "  If some things can be done by robots , they should be done by robots . But sending a drill rig to Mars or Jupiter 's moon Europa to tap into an aquifer that may have living organisms in it -- those kinds of things will require people . " Then there 's the unknown value of newly discovered knowledge . Scientists want to know what Mars can tell us about our own planet 's climate and geology . That knowledge , experts say , could help solve difficult environmental problems on Earth . "  It 's human nature to explore , " says Bell . "  By going to difficult or dangerous places , we carry the rest of our species along with us . These stories become part of part of our culture , part of our heritage , part of our shared need to explore the worlds around us . it 's a human endeavor that is part science , part inspiration . " Related story : Earth loves Mars -- why we 're crushing on the red planet By the way , Curiosity has fostered jobs , says NASA ; more than 7,000 people have worked on the project across 31 states . What 's next ? NASA plans test flights for Orion -- a spacecraft designed to carry astronauts outside low Earth orbit -- as soon as 2014 . In 2017 , NASA plans to launch Orion with a new heavy-lift rocket NASA calls the Space Launch System . But big questions remain : How would NASA pay for development of a landing vehicle ? Or a vehicle for astronauts to travel on the Martian or lunar surface ? Or how would it develop an astronaut habitat suitable for the months it would take to travel to Mars or to asteroids ? NASA 's proposed budget for 2013 is $ 17.7 billion -- $ 59 million less than 2012  PDF  . It includes a "  lower cost program " for unmanned missions to Mars  PDF  . For perspective , the Mars rover 's $ 2.6 billion price tag equals about 14.7 % of NASA 's proposed 2013 budget . However , the budget also calls for more money for manned deep space programs , including almost $ 3 billion for Orion and the Space Launch System . In May , something happened right above our heads that gave us a glimpse into the future of Mars exploration . That 's when the private firm SpaceX successfully docked its Dragon spacecraft with the orbiting international space station . NASA is studying a proposal -- referred to as Red Dragon -- that would use a SpaceX rocket for less-expensive unmanned missions to Mars . But robot missions are just stepping stones to what many experts say is a foregone conclusion . "  Humans are going to live on Mars in the president 's expected lifetime , " says commercial space consultant Charles Miller , a former NASA executive . "  It will happen as a partnership between U.S. entrepreneurs and private industry and NASA . " Complete coverage of Mars So what do you think ? Are billion-dollar , planet-crawling robots worth the money ? Do you think astronauts will set foot on Mars within your lifetime ? Share your opinion in the comments section below .	Mars robot Curiosity "  just another box with wheels , " says commenter Expert : Manned Mars missions and Martian robots both important NASA will partner with private industry for manned missions , says consultant Obama , NASA predict manned Mars landing as soon as 18 years
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Wei Wenhua was a model communist and is now a bloggers ' hero -- a "  citizen journalist " turned martyr . The construction company manager was driving his car when he witnessed an ugly scene : a team of about 50 city inspectors beating villagers who tried to block trucks from unloading trash near their homes . Wei took out his cell phone and began taking pictures . The city inspectors saw Wei and then attacked him in a beating that lasted five minutes . By the time it was over , the 41-year-old Wei was slumped unconscious . He was rushed to the hospital but was dead on arrival . His death earlier this month continues to stir controversy . In China 's mainstream media and in the blogosphere , angry Chinese are demanding action . After the Web site sina.com published news of Wei 's beating , readers promptly expressed their outrage . In one day alone , more than 8,000 posted comments . Bloggers inside and outside China bluntly condemned the brutal killing . Watch the swirling controversy over Wei 's death " "  City inspectors are worse than the mafia , " wrote one Chinese blogger . "  They are violent civil servants acting in the name of law enforcement . " Another blogger asked , "  Just who gave these city inspectors such absurd powers ? " Known as "  chengguan " in Chinese , city inspectors are auxiliary support for police . They are expected to deal with petty crimes . Their tasks include cracking down on unlicensed trading . They frequently are seen chasing street vendors off the streets and confiscating their goods . Critics have said they often abuse their authority and prey on the weak . In the central city of Zhengzhou last year , 1,000 college students scuffled with police and overturned cars after city inspectors roughed up a female student who had set up a street stall . These incidents prompted the government to redefine the role of city inspectors . Still , observed Jeremy Goldkorn , editor in chief of Danwei.org , "  Some bloggers -LSB- are -RSB- saying this whole chengguan system is prone to corruption and abuse and it should be disbanded . " Beijing scholar Xiong Peiyun wrote in Wednesday 's Southern Metropolis Daily , "  Perhaps no one wishes to face this question . Wei Wenhua 's death stands as clear proof of the violent ways of local city inspectors . It 's 2008 and another citizen goes down . When will we stand up and restrain the law enforcement violence of this city inspectors system ? " More and more victims of abuse already are standing up . "  It 's the latest in a series of incidents which have pit provincial government authorities against citizens -- those who are protesting against something who are recording and blogging and writing about something that they consider scandalous , " Goldkorn said . Some journalists and bloggers have even compared Wei 's fatal beating to the Rodney King case , when the Los Angeles police repeatedly clubbed him . Others say this is reminiscent of the 2003 death of graphic designer Sun Zhigang in the Chinese city of in Guangzhou . The 27-year-old college graduate was fatally beaten while in detention for not carrying proper identification . The public outcry , amplified in the country 's blogosphere , prompted China 's premier to restrict police powers of detention . Years ago , killings such as these would not have received such attention , and victims would have been forgotten , but with modern technology in the hands of ordinary citizens , abusive officials are getting caught in the act . China 's burgeoning economy allows a relatively freer flow of information . In September , China had 172 million Internet users , 10 million more than the last official count was released in July . Officials said about 4 million Chinese go online for the first time every month . Millions have opened blogs , too . Mobile phone users also reached more than half a billion in September , according to the government . Even though Article 35 of the Chinese Constitution is supposed to guarantee freedom of speech , China continues to restrict the flow of information . Fearful of the surge in Internet and mobile phone usage -- and the information they are able to transmit -- the Chinese authorities are stepping up efforts to monitor and restrict their use , according to Reporters Without Borders , which fights against censorship and laws that undermine press freedom . A few Internet data centers have been closed down , along with thousands of Web sites . Controversial blogs are blocked and unblocked multiple times . But silencing these citizen journalists is getting more difficult . Days after Wei 's January 7 death , a government official in Tianmen city , Wei 's hometown , was fired , four others detained and more than 100 placed under investigation . Chinese authorities now appear to be taking these cases seriously . Goldkorn said : "  It 's the kind of trouble that is very threatening to the party and the government , because it 's the kind of trouble that questions their reason d'etre . So when looking at things like this , in the back of their minds , is always , ` Could this develop into a real mass incident that has the power to threaten the stability of China ? ' " Meanwhile , bloggers are heaping eulogies for Wei . So far , no one has seen the pictures Wei took that day . It is thought his camera was destroyed in the beating . "  Eternal repose to Citizen Wei Wenhua , " wrote blogger Wang Gongquan . "  In the face of violence and brute power , he lifted a citizen 's rights , conscience , responsibility and courage . " Reporters Without Borders said , "  Wei is the first ` citizen journalist ' to die in China because of what he was trying to film . " E-mail to a friend	Beating death of Chinese Wei Wenhua prompts outrage One Chinese blogger writes : "  City inspectors are worse than the mafia " City inspectors in China act as auxiliary support to police Wei reportedly died at hands of inspectors this month
Jinan , China  CNN  -- Fallen Chinese Communist Party heavyweight Bo Xilai kept up his vigorous defense against corruption charges Friday in China 's most politically sensitive trial in decades . Bo 's glittering career , in which he drew admirers and detractors for his populist policies , fell apart last year amid a scandal involving murder , betrayal and financial skullduggery . His high profile and connections among the nation 's ruling elite have made his case -- with its tales of greed and wrongdoing by a top official and his family -- an extremely delicate matter for Chinese authorities . It 's taken more than a year , during which time the Communist Party underwent a major leadership change , to bring him to trial . Timeline : Bo 's fall from grace Many observers had expected proceedings to stick closely to a preplanned script , seeing the trial 's outcome as the result of a political deal struck between Bo and China 's top leaders . But as he often did in his political career , Bo has so far stolen the show , mounting a robust attack on the prosecution 's case and ridiculing witnesses ' testimony . That has left China watchers trying to figure out how far he 's veered off script . Bo calls wife ` insane ' He began his counterattack after the trial opened Thursday amid tight security in the eastern city of Jinan . He said he had made an earlier confession to party investigators "  unwillingly " and described testimony by a former associate as "  an ugly performance by a person who sold his soul . " He continued his offensive Friday , calling his imprisoned wife "  insane " after the court was shown video testimony in which she implicated him in a murky property deal in the South of France . Bo , 64 , is on trial on charges of bribery , embezzlement and abuse of power . Journalists from the international news media have n't been allowed inside the courtroom . But the court 's official microblog account has delivered updates on developments inside , attracting more than 350,000 followers on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like service . CNN has n't been able to verify precisely how accurate and comprehensive the court 's version of proceedings has been . But many observers have interpreted it as a reasonably close , albeit filtered , account . Court adjourned for the day Friday and will resume at 8:30 a.m. Saturday . An ` eloquent ' defense "  In my view , Bo Xilai has decided not to cooperate , but not completely . Because he did not go too far to condemn other leaders or reveal some other problems , " said Cheng Li , a China expert at the Brookings Institution . The prosecutors were "  terrible , " Li said , while Bo was "  clear , focused , articulate and eloquent . " His courtroom display appears to have been striking enough to prompt a personal attack against him on the website of the People 's Daily , the official Communist Party newspaper . "  Bo Xilai 's righteous and forceful performance in court makes one marvel at his superb acting and lying skills , " the op-ed article said , citing an unidentified "  media personality who attended the trial . " "  His cunning arguments are only going to prove his extremely poor character and not going to help him evade punishment under law , " the article quoted the person as saying . Conviction still seen as likely Although the effectiveness of Bo 's performance so far does n't mean the court will acquit him , it may make it tougher for it to mete out a heavy sentence . The conviction rate for criminal trials and their appeals in China -- where the party controls police , prosecution and courts -- stood at 99.9 % in 2010 , a U.S. State Department report cited the Supreme People 's Court as saying . "  Of course he will be convicted , otherwise it would be disastrous , " Li said . "  But the sentencing now ca n't be very severe because of the nature of the charge and how poorly they 've conducted this trial . " It remains to be seen if the prosecutors ' performance improves as the case continues . China leaves nothing to chance for Bo Xilai ` trial of the century ' Flaws revealed Much of the fallout from the Bo scandal came before the trial opened . "  The Bo case has revealed the fundamental flaws of the political system and the widespread phenomenon of corruption and power abuse , " Li said . Members of the Chinese leadership , including President Xi Jinping , have described corruption as an existential threat to the Communist Party . But they have so far been reluctant to pursue it too aggressively . Analysts say that is largely because it is so rampant . Bo 's case might have been a chance to make an example of a senior official . But his trial so far suggests that top leaders are unwilling to delve too deeply or punish him too severely . "  The leadership wants to move forward . They want to put it behind them and move onto other issues , " Li said . "  That strategy , although it 's rational , will probably not resonate very well -- you leave some potential problems for the future as they fail to use the case to consolidate and uplift public confidence in the legal system . " A dramatic downfall Bo is a princeling , a term that refers to the children of revolutionary veterans who boast of political connections and influence . His late father , Bo Yibo , was a revolutionary contemporary of Mao Zedong and former leader Deng Xiaoping . Over the past three decades , Bo rose to power as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and member of the Politburo , the powerful policymaking body of the Communist Party . A charismatic and urbane politician , Bo was credited with a spectacular , albeit brutal , crackdown on organized crime during his time as the top party official of Chongqing , a metropolis in southwestern China . But when his deputy , Wang Lijun , walked into the U.S. Consulate in the city of Chengdu in February of last year and told American diplomats that Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , was an accomplice in a murder case , a glittering political career began to unravel . Wang 's move precipitated Bo 's political demise . Soon after news of the events began to emerge , Bo was removed from his party posts . A court found Gu guilty last year of murdering British businessman Neil Heywood in a Chongqing hotel room in 2011 . A family employee , Zhang Xiaojun , was also convicted in the killing and sentenced to nine years in prison . The following month , Wang was convicted of bending the law for selfish ends , defection , abuse of power and bribe-taking . He received a 15-year prison sentence . Dispute over a villa Bo 's trial is seen as a potentially concluding chapter in the scandal . Authorities have n't said how long it will last . But with only part of the charges addressed so far , it appears it could go on for longer than the two days some observers had predicted . Some of the testimony Friday concerned accusations that Bo was complicit in a complex deal Gu carried out to buy a villa in Cannes , France . A dispute over ownership of the villa resulted in a falling out with Heywood , Gu said . In her video testimony , Gu said that Bo was aware that the purchase of the villa had been funded by Xu Ming , a businessman in the northeastern port city of Dalian , where Bo was once mayor . But Bo contested her accusation that he knew how the villa was paid for and poured scorn on her reliability as a witness . "  What 's the credibility of Gu Kailai 's testimony ? She has changed , she is insane , and she often tells lies , " he said . "  She has been under severe pressure from the investigators to turn me in . " Three indictments Under the bribery indictment , prosecutors accuse Bo of using his political posts to secure influence for others . They say that between 2000 and 2012 , Bo , Gu and their son , Bo Guagua , received about 22 million renminbi  $ 3.6 million  in bribes from Xu and another Dalian businessman , Tang Xiaolin . The embezzlement charge alleges that Bo and Gu transferred 5 million renminbi of public money from a construction project in Dalian to a private account through a law firm in Beijing . And the abuse of power indictment relates to Bo 's actions after he was informed about his wife 's involvement in the killing of Heywood and Wang 's attempted defection to the United States . Bo Xilai trial : Son Bo Guagua hopes father can ` answer his critics ' CNN 's David McKenzie and Steven Jiang reported from Jinan . Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . K.J. Kwon and Jaime A. FlorCruz in Beijing contributed to this report .	NEW : Court adjourns for the day and will resume Saturday Bo describes his jailed wife as "  insane " after watching her video testimony The former top official has mounted a tough defense against bribery charges An article in state-run media talks of Bo 's "  lying skills "
CNN  -- Whenever I trade my smart phone in for a smarter model , I feel good that I 'm back on the leading edge of mobile technology . And I may well be , but never for long . It seems that just as I pry the gadget 's box open , an even faster , sleeker version is being touted in the tech blogs and showing up on the store shelves . Inevitably buyer 's remorse sets in as I chastise myself : "  if only I had waited . " Innovation cycles have surely accelerated , with each offering more customization and a promise of being better . Perhaps you 've noticed that something similar is happening in the workplace . A career , even for well-educated , seasoned professionals , seems harder to sustain in this challenging economy . You may feel like the shelf life of your skills is getting shorter . Even as unemployment rates remain persistently high , it 's expected that in the United States only 20 % of workers will have the skills needed for 60 % of the jobs in the coming years . That 's daunting for employers and employees alike . While companies are struggling to find the skilled talent they need , many individuals are struggling to stay relevant in the briskly changing talent marketplace . These twin tensions can leave top management and managers scratching their heads about how to cultivate and keep a stable , aptly skilled and engaged workforce . Individuals wonder if they should abandon current career paths to pursue high-demand opportunities where they must start from scratch . Luckily we can take a page from a fast-growing innovation in the worlds of product and increasingly services , that can provide a release valve : mass customization . Yep , you can customize your phone with apps , you can customize coffee drinks and even some of the clothes on your back  and shoes on your feet  . Imagine , as well , that you can customize your career to better match the needs of your company and your own career-life fit . How employee freedom delivers better business With this so-called mass customization of careers , individuals can co-design with their managers a zigzag sequence of jobs that are skill-developing opportunities . Rather than climb straight up a traditional corporate ladder , think of making strategic , lateral moves - on a corporate lattice - that are advantageous for you and your organization . You can hone your strongest skills in more varied circumstances . That way you can have more control over your career-life fit with the flexibility to move in various directions in a customized career trajectory . This approach is n't just good for the individual . Companies gain a more versatile , collaborative -- and engaged -- talent base by moving employees up , down and across the business in strategic ways . It also affects financial performance since holding onto experienced employees drives corporate talent acquisition costs down , positively impacting the bottom line . Career customization is about enabling workers , not simply entitling them . Employees and employers share the responsibility and the opportunity of openly discussing choices and trade-offs -- for the individual and the firm . Done well , this gives organizations powerful collateral to retain employees , and attract new ones , as it becomes known as a place where a high performance culture and a sustainable career-life fit are inextricably linked . Freedom key to workplace of the future For employees , it means building a sustainable career with varied skillsets , more future career options , and an ability to build and enhance their personal brand . Consider the following as you develop and manage your own customized career : 1 . Mark yourself to market by taking inventory of your skills , experiences and capabilities , valuing their market relevance , and positioning them all as a portfolio to create a consistent and compelling impression . Ask yourself the tough question : "  How well am I doing at acquiring sought-after skills and competencies ? " Take action when you do n't like the answer . Also , assess how well you are building your personal brand and what it says and means to others . 2 . Maximize option value by actively seeking out those opportunities to build new skills -- either in your current role or by taking on a new role at your organization . Ask yourself what actions you can take to create alternative futures for yourself  $ " and greater value for your company . The more valuable you are to your organization , the more options you will have both inside and outside its walls . 3 . Optimize your career-life fit by asking yourself what you most need -- and what trade-offs you are willing to accept -- to be fulfilled in your profession , family , community and other pursuits at any point in time , and over time . Career customization may be one viable solution to help fill the gap between the growing talent shortage and the need to build sustainable , adaptive careers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cathy Benko .	You can tailor your career to better match your needs , says Cathy Benko It can feel like the shelf life for professional skills is getting shorter , she says Rather than climb straight up the corporate ladder , think of strategic , lateral moves It can help companies gain a more versatile and engaged talent base
CNN  -- California Gov. Jerry Brown has proposed millions of dollars in additional funding to crack down on abuses in the state 's drug rehab program as a result of an investigation by CNN and The Center for Investigative Reporting . The governor 's budget summary specifies additional government oversight needed to run the Drug Medi-Cal program . "  The budget proposes 21 positions and $ 2.2 million ... to continue the state 's intensive focus on program integrity and expansion of drug treatment services by recertifying all providers in the state , " says the budget summary , which was released Thursday . CIR : Medi-Cal to overhal rehab program The yearlong investigation by CNN and The Center for Investigative Reporting -- which culminated in reports in July on CNN.com and on CNN 's "  AC360 " television program -- revealed widespread fraud in the drug rehab program , which is part of the largest Medicaid system in the United States . The investigation revealed that convicted felons were operating clinics in violation of the law , clinics charged taxpayers for "  ghost " patients and teens had been taken from their group homes for drug rehab even though they had no drug problems . Regulators who could have stopped the fraud allowed it to continue , despite warnings that the system was being abused , the series found . The investigation prompted a swift and strong reaction from the state . A total of 177 clinic sites have been suspended and 69 referred to the state 's Department of Justice for potential criminal prosecution . The head of the program publicly apologized for the fraud before a legislative oversight hearing in September . "  Due to concerns about program integrity in the Drug Medi-Cal program , DHCS  the California Department of Health Care Services  took steps in July 2013 to eliminate fraud and abuse in the program . ... DHCS has conducted a review of internal operations to improve oversight and monitoring of drug treatment programs , and has improved coordination with counties to ensure appropriate monitoring and recertification of all drug treatment providers , " according to the budget summary . State Sen. Ted Lieu , D-Torrance , chairman of the Senate Business , Professions and Professional Development Committee , said , "  I am pleased the governor is proposing additional positions and funding to fight fraud in the Drug Medi-Cal program . We will analyze his proposal during the budget process to see if it is sufficient , but it is a good start . " DHCS spokesman Norman Williams said the money will allow the department to add a wide variety of new positions to scrutinize individual clinics and the department 's own procedures . Some staffers will comb through applications from rehab clinics to be recertified by the state -- a new requirement prompted by the series . Others will analyze data to make sure clinic billing matches the services provided , examine the department 's policies and make recommendations for improvement . "  These are positions that will make the  Drug Medi-Cal  program stronger , " Williams said . "  This amount gives us the support necessary to continue our efforts ... in a way that we will ultimately be able to improve the integrity of the program . " Of the $ 2.2 million , half will come from the state 's general fund , and the rest will be matched with federal funds . All of the clinics featured in the CNN/CIR investigation have either closed on their own or have shut down after being suspended by the state . George Ilouno , one of the clinic operators who continued to stay open despite being out on bail on charges of Medi-Cal fraud and grand theft , pleaded guilty to Drug Medi-Cal fraud in September . He received a one-year suspended jail sentence , three years ' probation , paid $ 90,000 in restitution to the state and must perform 60 days of community service . Will Evans and Christina Jewett with The Center for Investigative Reporting contributed to this report .	In July , CNN and CIR reported widespread fraud in California 's drug rehab program The investigation found clinics charging taxpayers for "  ghost " patients All of the clinics featured in the report have shut down Now , California 's governor wants to increase oversight of the program
CNN  -- The schedule of events for the 2012 London Olympics was released on Tuesday as organizers stepped up the drive to encourage sports fans to sign up for tickets . The opening ceremony will take place at the new Olympic Stadium in Stratford , an eastern borough of the British capital , on July 27 . Tickets will range from # 20.12  $ 32.46  to # 2012 . A seat at the August 12 closing ceremony will cost from # 20.12 to # 1,500  $ 2,420  . The usual athletics showpiece of the four-yearly competition , the men 's 100-meters final , will take place on August 5 . See the full 2012 Olympic schedule and ticket prices Spectators will have to pay from # 50  $ 80  to # 725  $ 1,170  for an evening 's action that is expected to pit defending and world champion Usain Bolt against American sprinter Tyson Gay . Jamaica 's Bolt will also seek to defend his 200m title on August 9 , and his bid for a second successive triple triumph will conclude with the 4x100m relay two days later . The swimming program , which will see American Michael Phelps attempt to add to his record 14 gold medals and potentially the comeback of Australia 's five-time champion Ian Thorpe , will begin July 28 and conclude August 4 . There will be 26 sports on show , and the public can apply for tickets at the official website from March 15 to April 26 this year . "  Everyone -- athletes , coaches , spectators , broadcasters and everybody who wants to be part of London 2012 -- can now start planning their Games , " said London organizing committee chairman Sebastian Coe , a double gold medal-winning runner for Britain in the 1980s .	The 2012 Olympics in London will open on July 27 and close on August 12 Tickets for the men 's 100m final on August 5 will cost from $ 80 to $ 1,170 People can apply for tickets to all 26 sports from March 15-April 26 this year
