CNN  Lake Waban on the southern edge of Wellesley College is best known for its shoreline trails offering a scenic reprieve from campus life . Freshman Katy Ma sees it in a different light after learning about Xie Bingxin , the influential 20th century Chinese writer and activist who attended the Massachusetts single-sex college in the 1920s . In one of Bingxin 's poems , she describes the tranquil waters of Lake Waban as her only source of comfort in bouts of homesickness . Now , Lake Waban provides Ma with a tangible connection to a woman from another time , someone who rose to prominence after walking the same grounds as her . And , not just any woman , but someone who shares Ma 's cultural roots . "  Knowing that someone lived in the exact spot where you are right now , and knowing that so much came out of her life inspires you to think that you can accomplish just as much , " she said . It 's a big deal for Ma , who says she never learned about a single Asian-American in school . As far as she knew growing in Philadelphia , the white men featured in public monuments were the only people who made noteworthy contributions to history . She knows better now thanks to her involvement with activist group SPARK Movement , which is putting women on the map , with a little help from Google . Ma and a group of girls around the world spent the past five months researching locations of significance in the lives of women who do n't always get a mention in history class . Starting this week , their stories will be featured on Google 's Field trip app tagged to significant locations in their lives . For Bingxin , it 's Wellesley University . For dancer Janet Collins , it 's New York 's Metropolitan Opera , where she became the first African-American prima ballerina . For 19th century journalist Annie Smith Peck , it 's Musho , Peru , the village at the base of Mount Huascarán , which she scaled in 1908 in a record-setting feat . For journalist Nellie Bly , it 's the site of Women 's Lunatic Asylum on Blackwell 's Island , now Roosevelt island in New York , where she went undercover for a story . Most of the women have Wikipedia pages or obits online ; far fewer have parks , squares or monuments named for them . "  Every single one of these woman is a rock star , " Ma said . "  These women have been edited from history not because they did n't make meaningful contributions to society but because someone deemed their stories not worthy of being told . " The initiative started in 2013 when SPARK approached Google with data showing that women and people of color were underrepresented in the popular doodles featured on its search homepage . The Google Doodles team has since made strides toward balance the ratio . The encounter led to talks about another SPARK project on representation of women and people of color in parks , monuments and public spaces -- "  all the places outside a school textbook where we learn about who 's important in the world , " SPARK Executive Director Dana Edell said . The conversations led to Google 's Niantic Labs , creator of Field Trip . The app displays geotagged stories within a certain geographic radius created by different publishers . Users can choose to be alerted to locations in a certain category . Google agreed to publish the stories if SPARK created them . After all , SPARK 's vision fit into Field Trip 's goal to help people "  discover the stories around them , " said Google 's Yennie Solheim Fuller , who worked with SPARK . "  It 's one thing to read about a landmark while sitting on your couch , " she said . Visiting it in person creates a sensory experience that 's harder to forget , and telling a story about the place has the potential to create an even stronger connection , she said . "  We 're hoping it brings more awareness to those locations and stories , " she said . "  What I really hope is that people learn something cool about a place and a woman , and feel inspired to do something similar in their community . " The initiative launched on Monday featuring 119 women in 28 countries representing the arts , science and technology . The hard part was not finding women , 15-year-old SPARK member Ajaita Saini said . Pinpointing locations to feature was the greater challenge , sometimes because of lack of information ; in other cases , it was hard to choose just one . Take for example , Deborah Sampson , who disguised herself as a man so she could fight in the Revolutionary War . The coordinates of her birthplace will show up for anyone using the app in the vicinity of Plympton , Massachusetts . The app also features Mary Anning , a 19th century British self-educated fossil hunter who was unable to publish her discoveries in her lifetime . The app highlights the British shore where she made some of her most significant findings , including the first complete skeleton of a long-necked Plesiosaurus . Saini , a student at Middlesex County Academy for Science , Mathematics and Engineering Technologies in New Jersey , knows firsthand that women 's contributions to science , technology , engineering and math do n't usually make it into the lesson plan . Through this project and other SPARK initiatives , she hopes to change that . "  It 's time we recognized the female scientists , researchers , musicians who are invisible to us , " she said . "  They definitely existed , we just do n't learn about them . "	Teen activist group SPARK researches history 's "  invisible " women Stories of women will be shared on Google 's Field Trip app
CNN  -- The mother of "  Modern Family " star Ariel Winter is denying allegations that she abused the 14-year-old actress . "  It 's all untrue , it 's all untrue , " Chris Workman told People about allegations in a court document relating to guardianship of Winter . Winter , whose real name is Ariel W. Workman , stars as Alex Dunphy in the ABC comedy series . Last month , a Los Angeles judge ordered the young actress be placed in temporary guardianship of her older sister , Shanelle Gray . "  It 's most unfortunate that the matter has become an interest of the press , " said Michael Kretzmer , Gray 's attorney . "  Ariel 's best interest is what we 're concerned about , and that 's what we 'll work for in future court proceedings . " Kretzmer declined to offer further details about the case . The lawyer filed a petition on behalf of Gray on October 3 , alleging Winter was the victim of ongoing physical abuse , insults about her weight , deprivation of food and attempts to "  sexualize " a minor . Guardianship with Gray was necessary to protect Winter from further abuse , Kretzmer said in the document . A judge ruled that Chris Workman have no contact with Winter until a November 20 hearing on the matter . CNN was unable to reach Chris Workman for comment Thursday . But the mother told People , "  I have my doctor 's letter that my daughter 's never been abused . ... I have stylists ' letters that she 's never been abused . " ABC and personal representatives for Winter declined to comment . Kretzmer also contended in the court document that guardianship was necessary because Chris Workman receives checks for Winter 's work on "  Modern Family " and has control of a related financial account . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Young actress on "  Modern Family " is under temporary guardianship Ariel Winter , 14 , is in the care of her older sister Petition alleges she was the victim of ongoing physical abuse , insults and deprivation of food
CNN  -- Karen Handel , the Susan G. Komen for the Cure Foundation vice presidentâ $ " and lightning rod in the group 's public relations storm over Planned Parenthood funding -- stepped down from her position Tuesday . For many it was almost a satisfying ending to an eye-opening incident . None of it should have come as a shock . When the Komen foundation last week bowed to pressure from anti-abortion activists to stop most of its funding of Planned Parenthood , the furor was swift and forceful . Komen 's decision was frequently described in the media and in the online outcry as a "  betrayal " â $ " of its mission , of the millions of Americans who run in its Race for the Cure every year , and of the women whom Komen and Planned Parenthood serve . But to people familiar with the foundation , the decision was hardly a surprise . Under the perky pink ribbon at the center of Komen 's brand lies a distinctly conservative orientation shaped over three decades by the foundation 's political and corporate alliances . Despite its carefully cultivated nonpartisan image , the foundation 's connections to the Republican Party are deep and longstanding . Nancy Brinker , Komen 's founder , has raised thousands of dollars for the GOP over the years and was rewarded when President George W. Bush named her ambassador to Hungary in 2001 . Last year 's hiring of Handel , an anti-abortion Republican , to head Komen 's public policy efforts was not a sudden swing to the right , as some commentators have implied . Beyond this , even a cursory glance at the group 's corporate partners could help explain why so much of its funding goes to detection and treatment . In interviews , Komen executives have denied that their corporate funders exert any influence over their policy decisions . But an organization that takes money from the chemical and energy industries , fast food companies , and cosmetics manufacturers is unlikely to fund research on environmental toxins or pursue other prevention-oriented concerns . And , for the most part , Komen does n't . Instead , the foundation focuses on early detection through mammography -- an imperfect tool -- and fundraising for treatment-oriented research , which has produced little in the way of concrete results . People with breast cancer have essentially the same options as they did half a century ago : surgery , chemotherapy and radiation . While their chances of dying from the disease have improved very slightly in recent years , breast cancer incidence rose steeply over the course of the 20th century to one in eight today . Komen is hardly the only case of a foundation held sway by political and corporate interests . Philanthropy is political ; it always has been . Like public funds raised through taxation , decisions about how to spend money generated through charitable giving are controversial and subject to partisanship . We might prefer to think of charity rising above the political fray , but in reality it is an extension of it . Nor does charity escape the pressures of the market . It is common practice for large foundations to enter into partnerships with corporations , to spend large sums on marketing and public relations , and to tailor their brands to what consumers want rather than their official missions . Komen has been incredibly successful in promoting its brand of breast-cancer awareness , but not without setbacks . It has had a rough two years in this respect . Its 2010 "  Pink Buckets for the Cure " partnership with KFC raised concern among nutritionists and other health advocates about promoting junk food in the name of breast health . A year later , a Wall Street Journal article reported that Komen devotes considerable time and money to suing small charities who use "  for the cure " -- a Komen trademark -- in their fundraising . The small media storm had barely faded when critics began raising concerns about Komen 's Promise Me perfume , which was produced in partnership with a New York company that makes a sizable donation to the foundation . The breast cancer activist group Breast Cancer Action , said a chemical study it conducted revealed that the perfume contained toxic and hazardous ingredients . The Komen foundation said it is reformulating the perfume . Then came the news about Planned Parenthood . Last week , many of Komen 's most faithful supporters took the lessons they had learned from the foundation about self-empowerment and put them to work . The groundswell of concern about Komen 's funding policies is testament not only to the strength of pro-choice sentiment but to the success of the foundation in building a movement of women who are prepared to advocate for their own and others ' health . Herein lies the promise of this moment . By harnessing the considerable financial and social loyalty it has built over the years , the Komen Foundation has an opportunity to do much more than reverse one small , but significant funding decision ; they could take the lead in constructing a radically different approach to the breast cancer epidemic . This new approach would prioritize not political interests or corporate sponsors , but women 's health . Along the way , it might also bring us closer to realizing the Komen Foundation 's vision of a "  world without breast cancer . " Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Samantha King .	Samantha King says tumult over Komen funding not a surprise : Foundations are political She says Komen has long been rightward leaning , focused on treatment , not causes She asks : Group takes funds from chemical companies ; does that discourage focus on toxins ? King : Komen should use loyalty shown in supporters ' dismay over funding to redirect priorities
CNN  -- What do they have to be ashamed of ? Several years ago , I caught one of my kids sneaking out of the house . Like any mom , I was more than a little mad and demanded an explanation . "  But Mom , I was n't doing anything wrong -- I was just hanging out with my friends , " was the response I got , but I knew better . The truth is that if you do n't have anything to be ashamed of , you have no reason to be sneaking around . This election season , special interests are sneaking around trying to influence voters by funding the attack ads you see on TV . With the help of a recent court ruling , they can do it all anonymously . It 's hard not to think it 's because they have something to be ashamed of . In January , the Supreme Court gave corporations , unions and special interest groups the power to influence elections in an unlimited and anonymous way . In an unprecedented move , the court , the same majority who decried an activist court when they were nominees , legislated from the bench and overturned years of previous case law , striking down longstanding limitations on campaign spending from special interests in the case of Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission . Before Citizens United , corporations and unions could not spend money to run ads expressly advocating one candidate over another . Now they can . But what is worse , they can anonymously donate millions of dollars to "  nonprofit " groups , which buy the ads without having to disclose who truly paid for them . The ruling essentially opened the barn door to anonymous , unlimited corporate donations to sway voters . Americans have a lot to be frustrated about right now with our economy , and I know many are anxiously awaiting their opportunity to weigh in on the country 's future by voting on November 2 . The idea that special interests are trying to secretly buy this election should make their blood boil . Although every member of Congress should be trying to stop this , that is not the case . Republicans have blocked legislation that would help bring these donors to light . A bill offered by Sen. Chuck Schumer , which I co-sponsored , would have forced corporations and unions that want to spend money on campaign ads to be transparent with the public about their political contributions and their donors , while also banning political spending from foreign entities . But each time the bill has received a vote , Republicans have made sure it failed . This bill would n't favor one side or the other : From the most conservative groups to the most liberal , any special interest group spending money on campaign ads would have to be honest about where their funding comes from so voters know whose interest they really represent . Republicans spend a lot of time decrying activist court decisions , yet when it comes to overturning campaign limits and disclosure rules for special interests , they seem to have changed their minds . The reality is that special interests are trying to buy our government this cycle , and Republicans think that 's OK . Well , I do n't . My position is simple : If you are for someone or something , you should be willing to say it out loud . The voters deserve to know . Right now , these shadowy organizations are refusing to produce a list of their donors , and that 's something voters need to consider in November . My rule of thumb is , if I ca n't find out who 's paying for the ad , I do n't believe it . When my teenager tried to pull a fast one on me , I said if you 're not willing to own up to it , how do I know you 're not doing something wrong ? This election cycle , special interests are trying to get away with buying this election without being held accountable . Until they are more forthcoming with where the money is coming from , how can voters believe a word they say ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen. Claire McCaskill .	Corporations , unions , special interest groups can fund campaign advertising anonymously Sen. Claire McCaskill , a Democrat , says special interests seek to buy votes by funding attack ads Republicans opposed bill to force disclosure of donors ' names and amounts , she writes The rule of thumb is , McCaskill says , if you ca n't find out who 's paying for the ad , do n't believe it
CNN  -- When looking at the world 's lowest unemployment rates , one of the first things you might notice is that many of the countries are in Southeast Asia . Thailand , Singapore , Malaysia and Vietnam all have unemployment rates at or below 3 % , ranking them in the top six overall , according to tradingeconomics.com . "  One reason why the unemployment rates in those countries are low is because they 're starting to get a lot of investment that used to go to China and would have gone to China , " said George T. Haley , a professor of marketing and international business at the University of New Haven and co-author of "  New Asian Emperors : The Business Strategies of the Overseas Chinese . " Haley said high wage inflation in China has prompted companies to start outsourcing to other countries instead . But investing in Southeast Asia is far from a new thing in the corporate world . "  The U.S. , in its policies back during the Vietnam War , encouraged and gave actual subsidies to companies that would source from Southeast Asia because they wanted to use the investment to combat the spread of communism , " Haley said . "  And over time , it just became a good place to invest . You had relatively low cost of labor ... you had investment support from the U.S. government , and you had the growing economy , which just fed on itself . " Speaking of the U.S. , its unemployment rate is 9.2 % , which ranks it close to the bottom among the countries on our table of 67 countries . While business is definitely booming in Southeast Asia , take its unemployment numbers with a grain of salt . Many countries define unemployment differently , so it 's sometimes difficult to accurately compare rates from different regions . It 's also important to note that the table above shows only unemployment rates that have been released since December 2010 . Many countries are not on this list because they have n't released their rates in years , if at all . So while the table shows that Angola and South Africa are last on the list at 25 % , they are likely far from the world 's worst . The latest CIA World Factbook has estimated unemployment rates for most of these missing countries , and eight of them are above 50 % . Zimbabwe might have a jobless rate as high as 95 % . Other notable countries on the table : *** America 's unemployment rate is well behind its nearest neighbors , Mexico  5.2 %  and Canada  7.4 %  . *** One of the roots of the so-called Arab Spring has been the lack of jobs , especially for young people in the Mideast and North Africa . Tunisia , the first government to fall , had an unemployment rate of 13 % one month before its revolution . Egypt 's rate was just under 12 % in March . Morocco , another country in North Africa experiencing unrest , reported a rate of 9.1 % . *** Some of the highest rates on the list come from three countries that have recently received bailouts from the European Union . Ireland and Greece are both above 14 % , while Portugal is just a few points behind at 12.4 % . But it 's Spain , at 21.3 % , that has the highest unemployment rate in the EU .	Jobs appear to be plentiful in many Southeast Asian countries One of the reasons , an expert says , is that China -- not just the West -- is outsourcing there The United States ' jobless rate is higher than the rates in Canada and Mexico
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Aid started flowing into Haiti Wednesday in the wake of the earthquake that slammed the impoverished nation late Tuesday afternoon . One of two military cargo planes carrying a 30-man assessment team arrived at Port-au-Prince airport Wednesday evening to assess Haiti 's needs . One of the team 's first jobs is to get the airport working to a point where it can handle flights from around the world filled with people and supplies to help the victims of the quake . In addition , a unit of U.S. Air Force Special Operations Forces left Hurlburt Field in Florida , with the unit including airmen , search-and-rescue experts and equipment to set up temporary air traffic control systems . A Canadian military plane was to depart Trenton , Ontario , laden with supplies at 2 a.m. Thursday . But the air space was not open to charitable organizations , said Franklin Graham , president of Samaritan 's purse , which was planning to send charter planes loaded with supplies to Haiti Thursday morning . "  I hope and pray that they will open that air space first thing in the morning , " he told CNN . U.S. Embassy staff at the Port-au-Prince airport said the tower and the lights were working , U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said ; a CNN producer said the windows in the tower were broken . As the scope of the disaster began to come into focus , offers of help began pouring in . Crowley said the Netherlands , Iceland , Puerto Rico , Guyana , Brazil , Canada , Belize , Cuba , Morocco and France all had offered aid . Impact Your World : How you can help The World Bank promised $ 100 million in emergency funds for recovery and reconstruction , subject to approval by the World Bank 's board of directors . World Health Organization personnel were planning to depart Thursday morning for Haiti , where their priority was to identify hospitals functional enough to treat the injured and coordinating the international health response . After relief organizations found themselves tripping over one another following the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami , they decided to coordinate their efforts with those of non-U.N. organizations in what is called the "  U.N. Cluster System . " In the system , WHO plays the lead coordinating role for health ; the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees or the Red Cross does it for shelter ; and the World Food Programme does it for food , according to Christy Feig , WHO 's director of communications . Former U.S. President Bill Clinton , who in 1975 honeymooned in Haiti with the current secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged listeners to donate to http://www.clintonfoundation.org/haitiearthquake/ . "  Anybody who sends us money , we 're just going to move it into those supplies quickly , " he promised . He urged world leaders who have already made a commitment at a Clinton Foundation donors ' conference to check to see whether they had fulfilled it . "  Most countries are way behind on fulfilling it , " he said . "  They  Haitians  need your help now . " He said that , after the 2004 Asian tsunami , Americans donated more than $ 1 billion , with a median contribution of $ 56 , and half of the money came via the Internet . "  Little donations can add up to big amounts , " he said . "  Five or ten dollars can make a huge difference . These people are just like you and they 're hurting now . " Search-and-rescue teams from cities in the United States headed to Haiti , with a team from Fairfax , Virginia , due to arrive Wednesday in Port-au-Prince , the State Department said . The U.S. Agency for International Development was expected to have an emergency response team on the ground Wednesday , Crowley said . The United States was also sending aid by ship , and the crew of the USNS Comfort has been ordered to report to the Navy hospital ship . The ship was expected to leave port in Baltimore within five days of receiving its orders , but it had not yet been ordered to deploy , Capt. John Kirby told CNN . It would take about five days to get to Haiti . The 7.0-magnitude earthquake struck southern Haiti late Tuesday afternoon , knocking down buildings and inflicting destruction and casualties yet to be tallied , given limited communications and emergency services in the Caribbean nation . Many other countries have also offered assistance : • Brazil 's Ministry of Defense ordered its troops in the country to offer whatever assistance they can , Brazil 's official news agency reported . The South American nation has 1,266 troops -- including 250 in an engineering unit -- in Haiti as part of a United Nations stabilization force . • China was preparing to send a 50-member rescue team , including three sniffer dogs , the official news agency Xinhua reported . China has 125 peace-keeping police in Haiti , but no diplomatic ties with the country , Xinhua reported . • Spain was sending three planeloads of aid -- two from Panama in Central America and one from Madrid , the Spanish capital , CNN affiliate CNN + reported . Spain was also making 3 million euros  $ 4.35 million  available for aid and will coordinate the European Union response . • France , Haiti 's former colonial ruler , dispatched two planeloads of rescue personnel , one from Guadeloupe in the Caribbean and one from Marseilles , France . • Russia was sending a mobile hospital with a staff of 45 , including 20 doctors , Emergency Situations Ministry spokeswoman Elena Chernova told CNN . The mobile hospital "  has intensive therapy , surgery , diagnostics , ultra-sound , X-ray , electrocardiogram modules as well as a blood test laboratory , " and can accommodate 50 patients at a time , she said . • Cuba sent an additional 30 doctors , plus medical supplies , to join the 344 doctors and paramedics it already had working throughout Haiti on humanitarian missions , said Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez . • Iceland was sending a 37-man search-and-rescue team and offered to help evacuate foreign nationals , its foreign ministry said . • Canada had a five-man team already in Haiti as part of the U.N. relief efforts there . All five were helping with the relief effort , Capt. Elizabeth Tremblay told CNN . • The United Kingdom and Israel also pledged to send survey teams . • Under a U.S. State Department program , individuals with U.S. cell phones can donate $ 10 to the Red Cross by texting "  Haiti " to 90999 . The State Department said Wednesday afternoon that the campaign had received nearly 83,000 hits . • Musician Wyclef Jean 's Yele foundation is accepting $ 5 donations for texting the word "  Yele " to 501501 . Text the word "  Haiti " to 25383 to donate $ 5 to the Internal Rescue Committee . The donations will appear on mobile phone bills , in addition to any charges for texting and data . • The Jolie-Pitt Foundation donated $ 1 Million to Doctors Without Borders for operations in Haiti . "  It is incredibly horrible to see a catastrophe of this size hit a people who have been suffering from extreme poverty , violence and unrest for so many decades , " said Angelina Jolie in a news release . The group , also called Medecins Sans Frontieres , said its medical teams have treated more than 1,000 people since the earthquake hit . Prior to the earthquake , its 800 staff members ran three hospitals in Port-au-Prince , but they were all badly damaged . Its teams have been operating out of open-air hospitals since Tuesday afternoon . The group was focusing on re-establishing surgical capacity to deal with crushed limbs and head wounds , said Paul McPhun , an emergency management expert for the organization , also known as Doctors Without Borders . • The United Nations was releasing $ 10 million from its Central Emergency Relief Fund  CERF  , Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said . It was also mobilizing an emergency response team to coordinate relief efforts . • The American Red Cross promised $ 1 million in aid and said it was releasing enough supplies -- tarps , mosquito nets and cooking sets -- from its warehouse in Panama to meet the immediate needs of 5,000 families . • Islamic Relief USA , which describes itself as America 's largest Muslim relief organization , announced it would fly $ 1 million in aid to Haiti in coordination with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . • The World Food Programme was airlifting 86 metric tons of food from its hub in El Salvador , enough for more than half a million meals , the agency said . The aid included ready-to-eat food and high-energy biscuits . • AmeriCares was sending $ 3 million in medical aid , including antibiotics , pain relievers , bandages and other supplies , plus relief workers to distribute the aid . It was also releasing 10,000 pounds of emergency relief and pledging $ 5 million in aid . • The U.S. Fund for UNICEF , the United Nations Children 's Fund , said it had released $ 500,000 to assist the efforts of the 10 international staff and 34 national staff in its Port-au-Prince office . In Jacmel , southwest of the capital , thousands of people have sought shelter in camps set up by the government , UNICEF relief worker Guido Cornale told CNN . UNICEF is providing clean drinking water to the victims and has distributed 2,500 kitchen kits that can be used to set up kitchens in the camps . At least 1,000 people were to be fed a hot meal Wednesday night , Cornale said . • The United Nations Foundation committed $ 1 million to address the most urgent humanitarian and re-construction needs in Haiti , UNF Founder Ted Turner said in a statement . Turner founded CNN but is no longer associated with the network . • The World Health Organization was sending a 12-person team to Haiti to help with the medical response . • The International Rescue Committee was deploying its Emergency Response Team , focusing on critical medical , water and sanitation . • The Salvation Army was preparing to send a team from Florida that would include emergency disaster services personnel , including Haitian Salvation Army officers who speak Creole . The organization has more than 60 church/community centers on the island , it said . • Catholic Relief Services had 340 staff members already in Haiti , and pre-positioned supplies in the country . The group said it would also send staff members from its home office in Baltimore , Maryland , to the neighboring Dominican Republic . • National Nurses United issued an urgent call for registered nurse volunteers to provide assistance . • The International Monetary Fund was planning to "  coordinate with other international agencies , and mobilize our assistance as quickly as possible , " Managing Director Dominique Strauss-Kahn said in a statement . • Businesses pledging relief in amounts exceeding $ 500,000 included UPS , Google , Coca Cola , Lowe 's , Bank of America Charitable Foundation , Wal-Mart and ConAgra Foods Foundation . The quake , centered about 15 kilometers  10 miles  southwest of Port-au-Prince , struck shortly before 5 p.m. Tuesday . Roads in Haiti were unsafe because of a lack of lighting and because many buildings had collapsed into the roads or were threatening to do so , said Ian Rodgers of the relief organization Save the Children . CNN 's Elise Labott , Adam S. Levine , Shasta Darlington , Tom Watkins , Maxim Tkachenko , Per Nyberg , Edvige Jean-Francois , Deb Feyerick , Matt Smith , Mike Mount , Larry Shaughnessy , Khadijah Rentas and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	NEW : Aid , search-and-rescue experts begin to reach Haiti NEW : One of two military planes with 30-man team lands in Port-au-Prince to assess needs World Bank promises $ 100 million in emergency funds for recovery and reconstruction Former U.S. President Bill Clinton : -LSB- Haitians -RSB- "  need your help now "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Eating a box of Girl Scout Cookies in one sitting will be a little bit easier this year : The Girl Scouts of the USA confirmed Wednesday that it has reduced the number of cookies per box to save money because of rising transportation and baking costs . People buying Girl Scout cookies like these on their Web site this year can expect fewer cookies in the packages . Michelle Tompkins , a national Girl Scout spokeswoman , said that "  the cost of baking a cookie today is significantly higher than it was even a year ago , and our bakers can not continue to absorb these rising costs . " She also said transportation costs have increased 30 to 40 percent from a year ago . The combined cost increase prompted the organization to "  lower the net weight of our cookie boxes slightly rather than ask our customers to pay a higher per-package price during these difficult times , " Tompkins said in a written statement . There will be two to four fewer cookies in boxes of Thin Mints , Peanut Butter Sandwiches , Shortbread Cookies , DoSiDos and Trefoils , she said . The Girl Scouts also reduced the size of some cookies , but Thin Mint lovers should n't worry that their sweet snacks will get any slimmer : Only the Lemon Chalet Cremes will change shape . Tompkins said it is too early to tell how Girl Scout Cookie sales will fare for the year . She said the cookie-selling season ranges from October to May , with the bulk occurring between January and March . Each individual council determines when its scouts will sell , and many have just begun in the past few weeks . Tompkins said she 's heard a range of comments on how sales are going : One council in Texas is having its best year ever , which attributes to new marketing , and other groups are reporting low numbers . Sales average $ 700 million a year , she said . "  We hope Girl Scout Cookie lovers will understand the situation and continue to support our girls , " she said . "  As the premier leadership organization for girls , we also intend to use these circumstances as a business learning experience for the girls . "	Girl Scouts reducing the number of cookies per box to save money "  Our bakers can not continue to absorb these rising costs , " organization says Two to four fewer cookies in boxes of Thin Mints , Shortbread , other cookies Only the Lemon Chalet Cremes cookies will change shape
CNN  -- Greg Allen 's obsession with finding his missing daughter began more than a decade ago , when the mother finally made good on a threat and fled with the daughter from Texas to Mexico , according to him and authorities . Sabrina Allen was a month away from turning age 5 , and the visit with her non-custodial mother , Dara Marie Llorens , was supposed to last only a weekend in April 2002 , as part of a court agreement . But that weekend visitation in Austin lasted 12 years and finally ended Tuesday , when Mexican and U.S. authorities said they found the girl and her mother living in seclusion in a small apartment in a town between Mexico City and Puebla . The mother will face charges in Travis County , Texas , said Dan Powers , an FBI assistant special agent in charge in San Antonio , Texas . So much time has passed that Allen 's daughter is all but grown , now 17 years old . Moreover , his daughter has been told over the years that her father was "  a bad guy " and "  a wife beater " -- all false accusations , Allen declared . But Allen never gave up hope . He began a website dedicated to his daughter : FindSabrina.org , which offered a $ 20,000 reward . He hired a private investigator . And he pressed his public campaign so relentlessly that people wondered whether he was going too far . "  I was Ahab and the white whale . I was not going to survive , " Allen said of his pursuit . "  I 've had people say , "  Of course , she 's with her mother ; what 's the big deal ? ' "  People just do n't understand , " he said . "  I was accused of overstepping my bounds . " A confidential informant On Wednesday , Allen was euphoric over his daughter 's recovery . He learned the news while at the dentist Tuesday and had to rinse his mouth . The police action resulted in a minor injury to a federal Mexican police officer who was involved in the arrest of Llorens , 44 , according to Philip Klein , a private investigator retained by Allen . Llorens was located in Mexico through information from a confidential informant , Klein said . But Sabrina Allen has been through so much emotional trauma that she is n't allowed to immediately see her father . She 's in solid physical health but has n't been in school for a while , her father said . She is now under the care of a clinical psychologist in Texas . "  I have n't gotten to see her yet , " Greg Allen said Wednesday . "  She 's in pretty bad shape , from my understanding , " he said , becoming tearful . "  She 's just not ready to see me and my family . I hope and pray that 's coming soon , and I ca n't predict it . " He described the 12-year hunt for his daughter as a tormenting odyssey . "  It 's a long road . You do n't know what the outcome is , " Allen said . "  I told myself the hardest thing to learn was that I could have a life while looking for her . " When Sabrina Allen is eventually allowed to reunite with her father , she will discover that she has a new family who has heard so much about her but has never met her : Greg Allen 's new wife and their children . "  We hope to have her home as soon as possible , " Allen said . How his daughter was taken from him began on April 19 , 2002 , according to the website dedicated to his once-missing daughter . A weekend outing On that day , Llorens allegedly violated a court-ordered child custody agreement and disappeared with her daughter during a scheduled weekend visit , the FBI said in its wanted bulletin for Llorens . Llorens was supposed to return the daughter to her father two days later . He was the primary guardian , the FBI said . The father 's website does n't specify why the relationship between him and Llorens did n't work out , but the site alleges that Llorens has a mental illness . "  Dara 's court ordered psychological evaluation indicated that she has a well-established personality disorder , and that she is likely to act in her own interest , instead of Sabrina 's , " the website charges . Llorens and her attorney could n't be immediately reached for comment Wednesday . On the day Llorens was scheduled to return Sabrina , the mother failed to appear at the pickup site , the FBI said . Llorens had moved from her residence in north Austin and left a false forwarding address , the father 's website said . Llorens did n't even contact work when she disappeared with Sabrina Allen , the webpage said . Warrants and wanted posters Later that month , a Texas warrant was issued for Llorens , accusing her of interference with child custody , and then a federal warrant was issued in May 2002 , charging Llorens with unlawful flight , authorities said . Llorens even became wanted by the FBI , which published a public bulletin describing her as someone who "  may walk with a mild limp " and "  may have travelled to Mexico , where she has ties . " On his website , Greg Allen described her as a thin , petite woman who "  typically does not keep a job for more than six months " and "  may be likely to take a retail sales job . " Sabrina Allen was listed on the FBI poster as every bit a little girl : 3-foot-6 and 35 pounds , with pierced ears , a mole on her right knee and a small scar on the bridge of her nose . See a copy of the FBI wanted poster  PDF Her father described her as a cheerful child who liked "  Barbies , bugs , dress-up , movies , Snow White and Scooby-Doo . " "  Sabrina has many friends and a large , loving family in Austin . She is very dearly missed , " the father 's website says . The case briefly came to the attention of CNN in November 2002 , when host John Walsh of "  America 's Most Wanted " appeared on the network . When Walsh was told that Sabrina Allen had been missing seven months , he said , "  We have a chance of getting her back . She was taken by her ... mother , and that little girl we may be able to get back . But it 's by pictures ... that 's how we get missing children back , by exposure like this . " Meanwhile , her father pressed authorities and media outlets about his missing daughter . He even posted photo galleries of him and his daughter on the website . "  This is my school picture . My Daddy says , ` What a big girl , ' " one photo caption says . "  It 's my fourth birthday . Who says I 'm not a princess ? " another says . Trying to hide in Mexico While his daughter and her mother lived in Mexico , the girl went by "  Blanquita , " the diminutive of Blanca , one of the several aliases that Llorens was using , according to the father 's website said . The FBI also alleged that Llorens used many aliases . Despite the use of Spanish names , the father asserted that his daughter and her mother would not have blended in Mexican society : Lloren 's Spanish was "  poor , " and their daughter "  does not look at all Hispanic , " the father said on his website . In fact , Sabrina Allen 's middle name is Fair . "  It is unlikely that they could hide in a Hispanic community without standing out , " Allen said on his website . But Sabrina Allen was repeatedly disguised , right down to her eyebrows and eyelashes , which were dyed , as was her hair , the website said . Sabrina 's natural blonde hair was colored red and other hues on varying occasions , the father 's website said . As friendly and outgoing as the little girl was , the act of being spirited away imposed an emotional toll on her , the website charges . "  It is reported that she is sometime  s  distant and burdened with the secrets she is being made to keep , " the website said . "  It is reported that Sabrina has lost weight and is suffering physically and psychologically . " At one point , Llorens apparently enrolled her daughter in the preschool Tegui in Colonia del Valle in Mexico City , and Sabrina reportedly learned how to speak Spanish "  very well " and to read and write the language , the father 's website said . A promising moment came for Greg Allen when Sabrina Allen and her mother were spotted in Mexico City , on June 13 , 2003 . But they eluded authorities . It would take 11 more years before authorities finally caught up to Sabrina Allen and her mother . What now remains to be seen is how much of her father Sabrina Allen remembers -- and how much of his great hunt for her she 'll come to fathom . CNN 's Justin Lear and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	A confidential informant helps authorities find missing daughter and mom Father has yet to see daughter , who 's now in care of psychologist "  I was Ahab and the white whale . I was not going to survive , " father says of ordeal The girl , who went missing at age 4 , is now 17 , and her mother is now 44 , the FBI says
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- Thousands of German demonstrators urged their leaders Monday night to shut down nuclear power plants in their country . The protests were staged in Berlin and other cities days after a powerful earthquake damaged nuclear plants in Japan and spurred fears of radiation there . Thorben Becker of the Federation for Environmental Protection , an environmental group , said the movement had received a major boost from the crisis in Japan . Becker said more than 100,000 turned up in more than 400 cities . There were hundreds of people at the Berlin protests and shouts of "  turn them off , " a reference to German nuclear reactors , rang through the demonstration . On Saturday , protesters formed a 45-kilometer human chain between Stuttgart and the nuclear power plant Neckarwestheim . Police said around 60,000 people showed up for the protest , organized by various anti-nuclear organizations . German Chancellor Angela Merkel has announced a three-month moratorium on the extension of the operation periods for German nuclear plants . That move will lead to at least one German nuclear plant shutting down very soon , Germany 's environmental minister later said in a statement . Germany opted out of nuclear energy during the Gerhard Schroeder administration and the country is waiting for the operational periods of its nuclear plants to expire . But the more pro-nuclear Merkel government , which succeeded the Schroeder administration , had passed a law extending the lifespan of the plants .	Anti-nuke demos held in German cities People in Berlin shouted "  turn them off " Moratorium announced on extensions of operation periods
EW  -- There 's a good chance you never knew you needed to witness the sight of an angry ape charging on horseback , double-fisting a pair of machine guns . But trust me , you do . Although Jane Goodall might disagree , that showstopping sequence of lead-spraying primate mayhem is just one of the many giddy pleasures in Matt Reeves ' surprisingly rollicking and resonant "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " â $ " a sequel that easily tops its 2011 predecessor . Picking up 10 incident-stuffed years after the James Franco-led first film left off , "  Dawn " sets the stage as most post-apocalyptic movies do nowadays : with a helter-skelter montage of dire news reports informing us that humanity has been nearly decimated by a virulent strain of simian flu , and that cities such as San Francisco , where the film is set , have been reduced to overgrown piles of rubble and ruin . Critical Mass : Hail , Caesar and ` Dawn of the Planet of the Apes ' But while Earth 's human population is n't doing so hot , the apes are thriving . Caesar , the cute chimp raised by Franco in the franchise opener , is now the wise and benevolent leader of his species . He and his gang all live in Muir Woods just north of the city , where they 've not only learned to read , write , and speak  English , naturally  , they 've also nurtured a healthy distrust of humankind . That 's probably smart , considering that the humans have crowned a Caesar of their own  actually , more like a Nero  in Gary Oldman 's Dreyfus , a tin-badge fascist whose mantra seems to be "  the only good ape is a dead ape . " Needing electricity to power their shantytown , Oldman dispatches a group of outdoorsy human ambassadors  including the chimp-athetic Jason Clarke and Keri Russell  to strike a deal with Caesar to let them repair a hydroelectric dam on ape turf . Andy Serkis : Hollywood 's most bankable invisible actor Wariness on both sides leads to betrayal and war , and the movie 's off to the Uzi-toting-ape-on-horseback races . Reeves , whose previous films "  Cloverfield " and "  Let Me In " were stronger on promise than payoff , stages these battles with amazing technical skill and a real painter 's eye . His images , as undeniably silly as they are , are so striking they stick with you â $ " especially a beaut in which a ticked-off ape mans the rat-a-tat turret of a tank . If only as much care were put into the film 's human characters . Oldman nearly pops a hernia from hamming it up so hard , and Clarke 's melancholy eyes are so perpetually moist in his admiration of the apes , you want to offer a tissue . The one truly great performance belongs to Andy Serkis , whose Caesar is his most soulful motion-capture creation yet . Despite all the obscuring layers of digital trickery , the actor manages to convey an impressive physicality and array of emotions , from hope to grief to rage . I wo n't spoil which side wins the interspecies showdown , but when it comes to who does the better acting , the apes carry the day ,  hairy  hands down . Grade : B + See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " features scenes that stick with you Andy Serkis ' Caesar is his most soulful motion-capture creation yet The human characters are n't as well-drawn
PopSci.com  -- Last winter , inventor John Kanzius was already attempting one seemingly impossible feat -- building a machine to cure cancer with radio waves -- when his device inadvertently succeeded in another : He made saltwater catch fire . A test tube full of saltwater fuels a flame . TV footage of his bizarre discovery has been burning up the blogosphere ever since , drawing crackpots and Ph.D. s alike into a raging debate . Can water burn ? And if so , what good can come of it ? Some people gush over the invention 's potential for desalinization or cheap energy . Briny seawater , after all , sloshes over most of the planet 's surface , and harnessing its heat energy could power all sorts of things . Skeptics say Kanzius 's radio generator is sucking up far more energy than it 's creating , making it a carnival trick at best . For now , Kanzius is tuning out the hubbub . The retired radio - and television - station owner says the saltwater stuff is interesting , but a cancer breakthrough is what he 's really after . Diagnosed with leukemia in 2002 , he began building his radio-wave blaster the next year , soon after a relapse . His lifelong fascination with radio provided further inspiration . Radio station antennas , he knew , can turn a bystander 's metal eyeglasses toasty warm . If he could seed a person 's cancerous cells with nanoscopic metal particles and blast them with radio waves , perhaps he could kill off the cancer while sparing healthy tissue . The saltwater phenomenon happened by accident when an assistant was bombarding a saline-filled test tube with radio waves and bumped the tube , causing a small flash . Curious , Kanzius struck a match . "  The water lit like a propane flame , " he recalls . "  People said , ` It 's a crock . Look for hidden electrodes in the water , ' " says Penn State University materials scientist Rustum Roy , who visited the Erie , Pennsylvania , inventor in his lab in August after seeing the feat on Google Video . A demo made Roy a believer . "  This is discovery science in the best tradition , " he says . Roy thinks the sodium chloride in the water may weaken the bonds between the oxygen and hydrogen atoms , which are broken free by radio waves . It 's these gas molecules that are igniting , he explains , not the liquid itself . Tests show that the reaction disappears once the radio waves stop . Roy plans to conduct more tests to get to the bottom of the mystery . Meanwhile , researchers at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston and the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center have made progress using Kanzius 's technology to fight cancer in animals . They published their findings last month in the journal Cancer . How it works : Copyright © 2009 Popular Science	Inventor John Kanzius uses a radio-wave blaster to make saltwater catch fire Device could be used to generate cheap energy Kanzius hopes his device can be used in the fight against cancer
Madison , Wisconsin  CNN  Friends called him Tony . Family knew him by his middle name , Terrell . Now , Tony Terrell Robinson Jr. 's name is written on signs carried by demonstrators who say they 're demanding justice after a police shooting ended the unarmed teen 's life . As Wisconsin state investigators begin their inquiry into the controversial case , details are emerging about the 19-year-old biracial man . Turin Carter described his nephew as a person who had struggled to fit in . "  A lot of his identity was formed because of his racial ambiguity . ... Terrell felt  like  a misfit most of his life , " Carter said At one point , Carter said , his nephew 's desire to fit in led him astray . "  Terrell just wanted to be loved , honestly ... and as a result , made some poor decisions , and I think that 's something we can all relate to , " he said . Last year , Robinson found himself in jail after stealing an Xbox and TV during a home invasion . An adviser with the Robinson family attorney told CNN the teen fell on hard times after his dad lost his job and then his apartment , forcing Robinson to live with friends . He pleaded guilty in December to armed robbery and was sentenced to probation . That same month , he wrote a post on Facebook slamming police : "  The only thing cops are trained for is to shoot first and ask questions later . " Court documents from the case include letters the family wrote , asking the court to show mercy and vowing that the teen would never repeat his mistake . "  Tony has made a grave decision , one which may cost him his freedom , but before a decision is made I want you to know him as his family does . A loving son , a responsible older brother and a kindhearted , incredibly intelligent young man with hopes and dreams to become successful and to move forward in life , " wrote Lorien Carter , his aunt . "  Growing up impoverished , and without his father , Tony managed to excel in school and sports . Graduating high school a semester early , he was on a great track . " His grandmother , Sharon Irwin , described him as "  a great kid in between being a teen and a man . " "  What he did was wrong . Following behind a boy he just met . He did n't want to go yet did it anyway , " she wrote . "  That is one of his issues . Impulsive . The other is being a follower . " Carter said his nephew 's run-in with the law last year had nothing to do with last week 's shooting . Robinson paid his debt to society and was trying to find his way and better his life , according to his uncle . "  They try to associate his past with this act , to paint a picture about the type of kid he was , " he said . "  He was a good , kindhearted kid who was very happy and just wanted to be accepted and wanted to be loved . " A GoFundMe page collecting donations for Robinson 's family says he was hoping to go to college and study business . Recent social media posts from the teen point to a troubling time in his life . In one post , he wrote , "  I hate my mind . " Another said , "  I do n't need help im not crazy . " A post from January says , "  My soul is dying . " According to the Wisconsin State Journal , citing court documents , Robinson dealt with anxiety issues , depression and ADHD . Robinson 's mother , Andrea Irwin , stressed that her son was never violent . "  My son has never been a violent person , never , " she told CNN affiliate WKOW . "  To die in such a violent way baffles me . " During a confrontation before Friday night 's shooting , Officer Matt Kenny suffered a blow to the head , Madison Police Chief Mike Koval said . He has been placed on paid administrative leave while authorities investigate the shooting . Madison Mayor Paul Soglin said officials are n't going to put the teen on trial . "  That 's not what this is about . What this is about is finding out exactly what happened that night and to determine , then , responsibility , " he told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  We know that he was not armed , and as far as the police chief and I are concerned ... the fact that Tony was involved in any kind of transgression in the past has nothing to do with this present tragedy . " Ryan Young reported from Madison . Catherine E. Shoichet wrote the story in Atlanta . CNN 's Justin Lear , Sara Weisfeldt and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Tony Robinson 's uncle says the teen often felt like a misfit The 19-year-old was killed by a police officer in Madison , Wisconsin , last week He pleaded guilty to armed robbery but was turning his life around , his family says
CNN  -- Sprawling online bulletin board Reddit is especially popular with young men , according to a new study . Six percent of all adults on the Internet use Reddit , and it is most popular with men between 18 and 29 -- 15 % of whom frequent the site . The survey was conducted by the Pew Research Center 's Internet & American Life Project , an ongoing effort to study the how Americans ' use of the Internet is evolving and the impact it has on their lives . In a telephone survey of 2,252 adults , Pew found that men were twice as likely as women to use Reddit and that the site 's popularly dropped significantly with the 50-and-older age group . Reddit : Gifts for men On the social news site and meme factory , people share links , photos and original content in themed sections , called subreddits . The posts are then voted up or down by the community . The 5,360 active subreddits cover a wide range of topics , including politics , corgis , Starcraft , conspiracy theories and parenting . Reddit co-founder urges tech leaders to fight CISPA Recent news events have pushed the site into the spotlight . Redditors helped uncover pieces of Aurora , Colorado , shooter James Holmes ' online identity . Its boards are being used to organize protests against NSA privacy violations for the Fourth of July . And after the Boston Marathon bombings , members of the community attempted to do amateur investigating using public photos from the scene . Should criminal investigations be crowdsourced ? Multiple people were wrongly identified as suspects by the community , prompting an apology from Reddit 's general manager . One of the most popular and visible Reddit features is the Ask Me Anything  AMA  question-and-answer session . It has featured big-name actors , politicians , CEOs , an astronaut still in space , and even President Barack Obama . Launched in 2005 by Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian , Reddit has grown into an influential site with a wide reach . It had more than 70 million visitors in June from 183 different countries , according to the site 's own stats . Those people visited a staggering 4.5 billion pages . Read more : The Redditor who saved the bunnies	Men are twice as likely as women to use online message board Reddit A study from Pew found that 6 % of online adults visit the site The site is most popular with men between the ages of 18 and 29
CNN  -- Convicted serial rapist Gary Irving was offered a weekend of freedom by a judge in Massachusetts before reporting to jail . He took nearly 35 years . One of Massachusetts ' most wanted fugitives was living a quiet life in Gorham , Maine , until he was arrested Wednesday night at his home . Irving , 52 , was found living under the name Gregg Irving , Massachusetts State Police spokesman Dave Procopio said Friday in a statement . Irving was convicted in 1978 of raping three young women in Norfolk County , Massachusetts . According to Massachusetts State Police , Judge Robert Prince released the 18-year-old defendant on bail to his parents in order to make final arrangements before sentencing . Irving , facing the possibility of life in prison , never returned . Massachusetts State Police put Irving on their "  Most Wanted " list and launched a manhunt . Louis Sabadini , the Norfolk County prosecutor for the case in 1978 , told CNN he had advised Prince , who died in 2010 , not to release Irving before his sentencing because he knew he would run . Sabadini said he had hoped Irving would be sent straight to state prison and was surprised by Prince 's decision to grant bail because there was no longer a presumption of innocence . "  Usually the judges , even the easy ones , will revoke bail if  the defendant  is found guilty , " Sabadini said . "  I think most people would run . " Irving had been convicted of three counts of rape with force , unnatural acts and kidnapping , Massachusetts State Police said . In one incident , Irving knocked the victim off her bike and brought her to a secluded area , where he repeatedly raped her . During another , Irving threatened a victim with a knife if she did not comply with his sexual demands . Since he fled , Irving 's profile has been featured on the TV shows "  America 's Most Wanted , " "  Unsolved Mysteries " and "  Real Stories of the Highway Patrol , " according to the Most Wanted poster . Investigators found numerous handguns and long guns in his home in Gorham on Wednesday . Irving did not possess the guns legally and will be charged by federal authorities on firearms offenses , Procopio said . Sabadini , now retired and living in Norwell , Massachusetts , told CNN that most lawyers quickly move on to the next case , but this one never quite left his mind . "  It did bother me , " he said . "  Rapists generally have a tendency to commit that crime over and over again , so I do n't know what  Irving  has been doing all those years . " Maine State Police , Gorham police and FBI agents joined the investigation and aided in the arrest , Procopio said . Irving is being held in Portland , Maine . He is scheduled for a hearing Monday morning at Cumberland County Courthouse , according to Stephen McClausland , spokesman for the Maine State Police . Irving 's lawyer , Christopher Leddy , told CNN that he would not comment on the case until after the hearing Monday . "  Please understand that this is an extremely difficult situation for Mr. Irving 's family and they would like to be given some space for now , " Leddy said . CNN 's Laura Ly contributed to this report .	Gary Irving fled before sentencing in Massachusetts in 1978 He was found Wednesday living in Maine , using a different first name Case was featured on "  America 's Most Wanted , " other shows Irving due in court for a hearing on Monday
CNN  -- Rough seas are delaying the connection of the vessel Helix Producer to the ruptured oil well in the Gulf of Mexico , a spokesman at the oil cleanup command center in Louisiana said Wednesday . The linkup "  may be in place by Saturday , " he said . Officials have said that the hookup is partially completed despite the bad weather , but once it is done it could draw up to 53,000 barrels of oil a day . But Charles Gaiennie of the Unified Command 's Joint Information Center in Houma , Louisiana , says the current "  sea state " is delaying the operation and that many Louisiana cleanup activities , such as skimming and flights delivering aerial dispersants , have been "  stood down " because of the rough weather . He said that if there 's is "  a window of opportunity to deploy -LSB- resources -RSB- , we will do so . " Newly retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen told reporters Wednesday it will be 24 to 48 hours before the sea calms enough to finish the linkup . Allen also told reporters that relief wells must be drilled an estimated 200 to 225 feet farther before they intercept the leaking well bore . He said that officials still expect that the relief wells will not be completed until August . Meanwhile , the number of cleanup workers reporting adverse health effects continues to rise . CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta sat down Wednesday for an exclusive interview with the man in charge of BP 's medical response , Dr. Kevin O'Shea . He said more than 1,500 workers have sought medical care through BP , a significant increase from previously reported numbers . On Wednesday , the advocacy group "  Alliance for Justice " released a report on oil industry ties among 5th Circuit Judges . The report comes ahead of oral arguments set to begin Thursday in Hornbeck Offshore Services v. Salazar , the case that challenged the Obama administration 's six-month ban on deep-water drilling . AJR 's 9-page report claims that many Appellate Court judges have extensive ties to the oil industry , including Jerry Edwin Smith , William Eugene Davis and James L. Dennis , the three judges who will hear the administration 's appeal of the drilling moratorium . The group also says District Judge Martin Feldman , who issued the order prohibiting the drilling moratorium , has financial interests in oil drilling companies . Oral arguments for Hornbeck v. Salazar will begin Thursday afternoon at the U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans . Meanwhile , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindall joined Navy Secretary Ray Mabus and U.S. Sen. Mary Landrieu on a flyover of affected areas , including the barrier islands , Port Fouchan , Grand Isle and the Mississippi River . The tour lasted about 90 minutes . And in Mississippi , state authorities report that they 've received eight of the nine skimmers produced in France . Officials have closed more beaches in Hancock County and continue to press cleanup efforts . Officials say 550 bags -- amounting to 8,250 pounds of oil-related debris -- have been cleaned from a mile-long stretch of beach in Waveland . Federal estimates say between 35,000 and 60,000 barrels  about 1.5 million to 2.5 million gallons  of oil have been gushing into the Gulf daily since April 22 , when the Deepwater Horizon sank two days after an explosion aboard the drilling rig . In early June , during an exclusive 48-hour embed with Allen , CNN 's Kyra Phillips visited the site of the oil disaster and gained access to the Development Driller III -- the rig that is drilling the primary relief well some 16,000 to 18,000 feet below the sea floor . "  The intention is to intercept the well bore , well down below the surface near the reservoir , then pump heavy mud in to counteract the pressure of the oil coming up , " Allen said . "  That will allow them to basically plug or kill the well . Once that 's done , you could do things like remove the blowout preventer , bring it to the surface and try to find out what happened . " Also , a massive airship , or blimp , and a sea vessel that can suck oil out of the ruptured well are expected to arrive in the Gulf region at the end of the week to aid in oil disaster response efforts . Their arrival is being delayed because of rough weather , said Stephanie Hebert , spokeswoman for the cleanup effort . The U.S. Navy airship will be used to detect oil , direct skimming ships and look for wildlife that may be threatened by oil , the Coast Guard says . It had been scheduled to reach the Gulf on Tuesday . The 178-foot-long blimp , known as the MZ-3A , can carry a crew of up to 10 . It will fly slowly over the region to track where the oil is flowing and how it is coming ashore . The Navy says the advantage of the blimp over current helicopter surveillance operations is that it can stay aloft longer , with lower fuel costs , and can survey a wider area . The Coast Guard has already been pinpointing traveling pools of oil from the sky . "  The aircraft get on top of the oil . They can identify what type of oil it is and they can vector in the skimmer vessels right to the spot , " Coast Guard Capt. Brian Kelley said . But the problem since June 30 has been the ability to clean it up before it approaches land . Bad weather has made that task more difficult . Fears over the spill now extend all the way to Florida 's Atlantic shores . Small tar balls continued to wash ashore Wednesday at Cocoa Beach , just south of Cape Canaveral . The U.S. Coast Guard collected samples that will be tested for any connection to BP 's Deepwater Horizon oil spill , according to Brevard County spokeswoman Kimberly Prosser . Tar balls that washed ashore two weeks ago were not found to be connected to BP 's oil spill , she said . Officials told CNN the test results from the samples collected would not be available for seven to 10 days . Meanwhile , Bob Grantham , spokesman for TMT Offshore Group , said progress has been made in testing the company 's A Whale oil skimmer , the world 's largest . The delay from high seas "  has allowed us to make valuable observations and to develop some additional technological innovations designed to improve the channeling of oily water into the ship 's large capacity tanks , " Grantham said in a statement issued Tuesday . "  Over the next few days , we will have our first real opportunity to test the new technology under conditions that we hope will maximize the effectiveness of collection and ultimately decanting . " Earlier , officials said A Whale 's abilities so far are "  inconclusive , " meaning the massive converted oil tanker -- which is 3.5 football fields long -- has yet to prove its Taiwanese owner 's claim that it can skim between 15,000 and 50,000 barrels of oil off the sea in a day . The Coast Guard said the testing period for the A Whale has been extended through Thursday . Meanwhile , interfaith leaders prayed for restoration and renewal for the Gulf of Mexico as they prepared for a tour of the oil-soaked marshes , wetlands and rookeries of the Louisiana coast Wednesday . The Christian , Jewish and Muslim clergy joined "  in prayer and commitment to the communities most affected by the BP oil disaster , " Tuesday night , a Sierra Club statement said . Wives of current and former major league baseball players also fanned out across southern Louisiana to draw attention to the people and creatures affected by the disaster . The members of the Baseball Wives Charitable Foundation -- many of them from the Gulf -- toured beaches hit by oil and spoke with fishing and oil industry workers in Grand Isle on Tuesday "  The initial point of this trip was to raise awareness , " said Megan Thomas , wife of ex-big league slugger Frank Thomas . "  We want to take things we 've seen here firsthand home with us and create our own fundraisers and keep the awareness out there . " Jamie Buehrle , wife of Chicago White Sox pitcher Mark Buehrle , said she was struck by Gulf residents who now fear their finances are in ruins . "  Just seeing the people today who are so scared of the unknown , " Buehrle said . "  Not knowing if they are going to get another check , if they are going to work again . " The wives will attend a minor league baseball game between the New Orleans Zephyrs and the Omaha Royals on Wednesday . The team is selling discount tickets for $ 5 for fishing industry workers and others affected by the disaster . Jessica Maholm , wife of Pittsburgh Pirates pitcher Paul Maholm , is from Ocean Springs , Mississippi , and will throw out the ceremonial first pitch . "  This  oil disaster  is something that 's not going to affect just the Gulf coastal areas , " she said . "  It 's going to affect the whole country with the seafood , the animals and the ecosystem . " CNN 's Allan Chernoff , Paul Vercammen and Sanjay Gupta contributed to this report .	NEW : BP doctor says up to 1,500 cleanup workers sickened NEW : Oral arguments on drilling ban begin Thursday Saturday is new target for linking surface vessel to ruptured well Rough weather continues to be a challenge in cleanup
KARACHI , Pakistan  CNN  -- Some of the toughest criticism of Pakistan 's pro-democracy movement comes from an unlikely source : the 25-year-old niece of Benazir Bhutto , who says Pakistani party politics do nothing but support military rule . It 's an environment , she said , her late aunt is partly responsible for . Fatima Bhutto says she 's not interested in "  perpetuating a really ineffectual form of politics ... because of my name . " "  At this stage , we are in a state in Pakistan where so-called democratic forces are only interested in coming into office . So ultimately , they only prop up dictatorships , " she told CNN from her home in Karachi . She raised her voice as she described what she feels is the core of Pakistan 's political problems : the lack of a true democratic culture . Instead , she said , the country is run by power grabbers . "  Ultimately to them , it 's a game of revolving chairs . As long as they get to be in one , they do n't care who 's in the other one . " Fatima Bhutto said her aunt played this "  game of revolving chairs " at huge costs to the Bhutto family , shattering the clan 's unity . In 1996 , Fatima Bhutto 's father , Murtaza Bhutto , was gunned down by Pakistani security forces in front of the family compound . His sister , Benazir , was prime minister at the time . His widow blames her sister-in-law for the killing , because Murtaza had become a political rival . Watch Fatima Bhutto say she 's not "  interested in being a symbol " " "  We have to seriously look at her political legacy , which is deeply flawed , " Fatima Bhutto said . "  Both her governments were known for widespread corruption , for an abuse of human rights , and for an excess of police violence . " Fatima Bhutto was estranged from her aunt and had not spoken to her since Benazir Bhutto returned to the nation for Pakistani elections . Benazir Bhutto was killed in a bloody December 27 attack . Her niece says now that Benazir Bhutto has herself been killed , she does not look back in anger . Watch a struggle over the Bhutto legacy " "  We also have to take into account that Benazir Bhutto died bravely and that the attack on her is ultimately an attack on her country , " she said . She added that she did attend her aunt 's funeral . Some here in Pakistan believe Fatima Bhutto -- and not Benazir Bhutto 's 19-year-old son , Bilawal -- is the true heir to the Bhutto political dynasty . Fatima Bhutto said she 's a political person and does campaign for a splinter group of the Pakistan Peoples Party . That group is now run by her mother following the death of her father . She said her main political goal is to empower Pakistan 's largely disenfranchised masses and end what she calls the perpetual cycle of "  dynastic " cronyism . What her role would be in making that happen remains the great unknown . "  What I think we need to do is open the field , " said Fatima Bhutto , who went to college in the United States and graduate school in England . "  It has to stop being this autocratic , dynastic environment . ... When that day comes and this happens -- that we have an open field -- if there 's a way for me to serve this country , then I would be proud to . " Until then , she said , she exerts her power from her writing . Fatima Bhutto is a successful columnist , author and poet ; a staunch critic of Pervez Musharraf 's government . And though her name would probably propel her to the highest levels of Pakistani politics almost instantly , she said that wo n't happen anytime soon . "  I 'm not interested in being a symbol for anyone , " she said emphatically . "  And I 'm not interested in perpetuating a really ineffectual form of politics simply because of my name . " She added , "  I have never believed in dynastic politics , or the politics of birthright . ... I think that 's dangerous to the cause of democracy in Pakistan , and ultimately does n't serve the people . " E-mail to a friend	Benazir Bhutto 's niece : Pakistan 's democratic forces only "  prop up dictatorships " Fatima Bhutto , who was estranged from aunt , says country is run by power grabbers Her goal : empower Pakistan 's masses , end cycle of "  dynastic " cronyism The columnist , author and poet is a critic of Pervez Musharraf 's government
CNN  -- The last time Earl Woods Jr. saw his half brother Tiger was four years ago , when the family buried their father . Earl Woods Jr. and his two siblings Kevin Woods and Royce Woods , also Tiger 's half siblings , joined Tiger on his private jet to take their father 's remains to Kansas . The three are the offspring of Tiger 's father Earl Woods Sr. and his first wife Barbara Hart Woods . The couple divorced in 1968 . "  He was gracious enough to allow us to join him on the jet to take my dad to Kansas , " says Earl Woods Jr. . "  I remember we came off the jet , walked down the runway , hugged ,  we said  ` Hey , how you doin ' ? ' And he went that way with the entourage , and we went this way . And that was the last I ever saw him . " That was in May 2006 , at a time when Tiger was cementing his legacy as one of golf 's greatest . After his father passed , Woods memorably won the British Open and dedicated the victory to his dad , who had been his first coach when he was just 3 years old . He won one more major championship that season and seven other PGA tour events . Tiger was one of the most popular figures in the world . But he had no contact with his half siblings -- Earl Jr. , Kevin and Royce . Earl Jr. says he has reached out through phone calls and letters , but got no response . "  I have no grudge against him . I 'm disappointed . I 'm a little angry , " he says . "  But , if he chooses to contact and to be in contact , we would love that . You know , we have unconditional love for him , whether he contacts us or not . " Earl Jr. wants Tiger to respond because Kevin is sick . He has multiple sclerosis and his health has declined 40 percent in the past two years , Earl Jr. says . "  Kevin does n't want this to be a big to-do about his condition , " Earl Jr. says . "  But , you know , it makes me a little angry that ... there is this issue with trying to get the news to him . And it 's been so difficult . It 's like he does n't care . I kinda feel that he does . " CNN twice reached out to Tiger Woods ' management company for this documentary . Woods did n't return messages seeking comment . When Tiger , born in 1975 , was just starting out as a golfer , Earl Jr. , who was a tool and die maker , says he cut down some clubs and worked in the shop getting them ready for the pint-sized lad . Even after he moved out of the family 's house into his own apartment , he would come down on weekends to visit . He says his little brother was a bit of a nerd , who when he was n't golfing was often on the computer . "  He knew a lot about those computers at a young age . " Tiger played other sports too -- soccer and cross-country -- but Tiger excelled at golf from an early age , Earl Jr. says . He and his siblings never felt like Tiger was getting special treatment -- their father was a born instructor , Earl says , and spent a lot of time in the backyard playing baseball with he and Kevin , too . Earl Woods Sr. , a retired military officer , was a dominating presence . Many people wonder if Tiger changed greatly after his father died . Earl Jr. ca n't say for sure , but says their father instilled good values in his children and that Tiger is a good man who "  made critical mistakes " in his marriage . Earl Jr. says Tiger is n't a womanizer -- he had been surrounded by groupies since his days as a teen national champion and young celebrity -- so he 's puzzled as to why Tiger is reported to have had so many affairs recently . He thinks hanging around with other celebrities that were living a playboy lifestyle affected Tiger . And he thinks it would be different if Earl Sr. were still around . "  My Dad let Tiger be his own man when he was alive , " Earl Jr. says . "  But I think that Tiger felt an obligation to make my father proud of him and not get caught up in -- the different things that some popular people get caught up in and that he had to live his life walking down a certain path . "  But with him gone , I do n't know if there 's anybody in his group that holds him to task anymore . " His half-brother lost his way , he says . "  What I saw was that -- he lost a part of himself , " he says . "  I think that our father was a part of Tiger so much that , when he passed , Tiger became lost . That he did n't know how to fill that void . " But the Tiger talked about by media and critics is n't the real Eldrick Woods , he says . Tiger is n't arrogant , just very confident of his abilities , Earl Jr says . And he feels that as a golfer he needs to conduct himself a certain way with people . Some people misinterpret that as aloofness , his brother says . Some may question why Earl Jr. is speaking now . He says it 's not because he wants money from his famous half-sibling . He says that after Tiger 's auto accident and the subsequent scandal last November , his family wanted to give Tiger some time . But now they want a few things . They want him to know about Kevin . They want people to know the real Tiger Woods . But most of all , they just want to know how he 's doing .	Earl Woods Jr. tells CNN he has n't spoken to his half-brother in four years Family has reached out to Tiger but he has not responded , he says Tiger learned his values from his father , who died in 2006 Earl Jr. believes Tiger has no one to keep him on the right path
CNN  -- People talk about all kinds of things on social media : Their day-to-day lives , articles generating a lot of buzz and the things they ate for breakfast . Some of the conversations by Facebook 's 128 million daily users revolve around the news , and CNN now has the ability to take a peek into this world . Facebook has given CNN access to demographic data that tells us how many people have mentioned a topic along with age , gender and location information . We are n't actually reading through conversations , but rather looking at numbers that show us trends . Since we 've just gotten this information , we thought we 'd try something new . Each day , we 'll be comparing two topics that show interesting trends in their demographic data . You might see that more women are talking about a particular topic than men , or that younger age groups are mentioning one news event versus another . While this is n't a scientific study , we hope pitting two topics against each other will give some perspective on these results . Sometimes , these numbers can show us things we do n't expect . For example , we recently learned that many of the Facebook users talking about Iran were young people , especially internationally . We also found a similar trend in ages among the people talking about the government shutdown . Looking at Facebook mentions can give us insights that would be hard to get in any other way . Check back here to see new charts about topics in the news and popular conversation , and if you have ideas you want us to look into , let us know in the comments below .	What are people talking about ? Facebook mentions give a glimpse CNN now has ability to see how often some topics are mentioned Data is broad and shows demographics , rather than specific conversations
CNN  -- The use of chemical weapons in Syria is a "  tragic mistake " but Italy will only participate in military action with the approval of the United Nations Security Council , according to the country 's finance minister . Fabrizio Saccomanni , a member of Italy 's coalition government under Prime Minister Enrico Letta , told CNN that Italy "  firmly " condemns the use of chemical weapons on Syrian civilians . Referring to a possible U.S.-led military strike on Syria , he said : "  That does n't mean that we will oppose other types of action by other countries , but we think it is important to continue to cooperate . " Saccomanni 's comments come as members of U.S. Congress are due to debate support for military action in Syria . President Barack Obama says the U.S. has "  high confidence " that Syria used chemical weapons - the strongest position the U.S. can take short of confirmation . Britain , France , and Germany have said their intelligence backs up the same conclusion although elsewhere , doubts remain . Saccomanni added : "  There is ... continuous attention also to the humanitarian aspects of the crisis and I think Italy , like other countries , has committed humanitarian funds and aid to Syria . " Italy 's economic pain Saccomanni was speaking to CNN amid fears Italy 's coalition government could collapse following the sentencing of former Prime Minister and coalition partner Silvio Berlusconi for tax fraud . Berlusconi -- leader of the center-right party The People of Freedom -- is facing a four-year sentence and there are fears this could destabilize an already fragile government . Asked if the coalition could fail , Saccomanni said : "  I hope it does n't . " Saccomanni added : "  It is a possibility , but the probability of it happening is decreasing day by day . " The country is also struggling with spiraling unemployment and a high national debt , resulting in a deep recession . But following a spate of positive data out of the eurozone , Saccomanni , formerly the Bank of Italy 's deputy governor , expects the country 's economic prospects to improve next year . He said that Italy 's new coalition government is ready to restart investment in infrastructure projects and energy efficient technologies to put the eurozone 's third-largest economy back on the path to growth . Saccomanni blamed the lack of training for young people , in subjects such as computer science , and Italy 's insufficient investment in new technologies as the reason for the country 's lack of competitiveness . CNN 's Isa Soares and Oliver Joy contributed to this report	Italian Finance Minister Fabrizio Saccomanni told CNN that Italy "  firmly " condemns the use of chemical weapons Saccomanni 's comments come as members of U.S. Congress are due to debate support for military action U.S. President Barack Obama says he has "  high confidence " that the regime is to blame for the use of chemical weapons Saccomanni also said he hoped the fragile coalition government did not fall
Rome  CNN  -- A cardinal from the Philippines , another from Austria and an archbishop from Ireland would be the "  least worst " choices to be the next pope , according to a group representing the victims of abuse by priests . The Survivors Network of Those Abused by Priests , or SNAP , released its list Thursday as cardinals held meetings at the Vatican in a prelude to the selection of the next pontiff . The three are Cardinal Luis Tagle of the Philippines ; Cardinal Christoph Schoenborn of Austria ; and Archbishop Diarmuid Martin of Dublin , Ireland . Martin is not a cardinal , but SNAP noted that a man need not be a cardinal to be elected pope . Historically , the role has gone to cardinals , however . CNN Vatican analyst John Allen , also a correspondent for National Catholic Reporter , wrote last month that Schoenborn "  certainly has the right pedigree for the job . " And Tagle has "  been a leader in pushing the church in Asia to take an aggressive stance on clerical abuse , " Allen said in a series he wrote on the papal contenders . Tagle would normally be considered too young for the role , but Benedict XVI 's almost unprecedented resignation might have changed the way the cardinals think , he said . Wednesday , SNAP named its "  Dirty Dozen " list of men it judged would be the worst candidates for pope because of their handling of , or comments on , past allegations of child sex abuse against clergy . The scandal has shaken global confidence in the church in recent years . A Pew Research Center poll published Wednesday indicates that U.S. Catholics see it as the biggest issue the Vatican faces . Asked what they think is the most important problem , 34 % of the U.S. Catholics questioned mention sex abuse , pedophilia or some other reference to the scandal . No other problem garnered more than 10 % of the responses . A report for Italian news magazine Panorama on Thursday claims that the church hierarchy was alerted to the problem decades ago , in 1965 but buried the warnings . ` Absolutely key ' Since Monday , the gathered cardinals have been holding meetings , known as general congregations , to discuss the most serious questions facing the church . The last of the cardinals summoned to choose the next pope , Jean-Baptiste Pham Minh Man of Vietnam , arrived at the Vatican on Thursday . No date has been set for the conclave , or secret election , for the new pope , said the Rev. Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman . But Cardinal Roger Mahony , the retired archbishop of Los Angeles , suggested that the announcement might not be far away in a tweet posted Thursday . "  Days of General Congregations reaching a conclusion . Setting of date for Conclave nearing . Mood of excitement prevails among Cardinals , " he said . The 115 cardinal-electors -- those under the age of 80 who are eligible to vote for the new pontiff -- are taking time to prepare for what many see as their greatest responsibility . Although some may be wondering why it 's taking so long to set the date for the conclave , Lombardi pushed back against the idea that the cardinals were dragging their feet . The discussions they are having in the general congregations are a vital part of the process , he said , since once the conclave starts there wo n't be much time between votes for reflection or the exchange of ideas . The cardinals have to have all the information they need in order to make a mature , responsible judgment in the election , especially at a time when the church faces complex issues , he said . "  The preparation is absolutely key , " Lombardi said . Celibacy for priests a hot issue , not just for church leaders U.S. cardinals muzzled ? Italian media reports Thursday focused on the Vatican 's move to end the news briefings held this week by American cardinals , amid concerns over leaks of confidential discussions among the cardinals . Sister Mary Ann Walsh , director of media relations for the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , wrote in a blog post that the decision Wednesday came after a media report in Italian daily La Stampa , which gave details of who had said what . "  I compared the shutdown to the old Catholic school style of one kid talks and everyone stays after school , " she wrote , saying a similar thing happened before the last conclave in 2005 . "  We 'll continue briefings , but without cardinals , to help U.S. media especially cover this exciting moment in the church , " Walsh added . It 's been a week since Benedict XVI became the first pontiff in six centuries to resign from the role . Popes usually serve until their death . With Easter around the corner , many inside the Catholic Church would like to see a new pontiff in place to lead ceremonies . Watch for the smoke : How is a new pope elected ? ` Mix and mingle ' All the cardinals , including those older than 80 , are entitled to take part in the closed-door general congregations . Lombardi said 152 cardinals met Thursday morning . A second meeting will take place in the afternoon , as the cardinals seek to pick up the pace before agreeing on the date for the conclave . Thursday morning 's business included reports on the financial state of the Holy See , Lombardi said . He named the cardinals who delivered the reports but did not reveal their contents . The cardinals could continue their meetings on Saturday , Lombardi added , but are unlikely to meet Sunday when Mass may be held . Interactive : A look at possible papal contenders Some of the discussions happen over coffee , as one Vatican spokesman revealed Monday , the first day of the general congregations . "  There 's a coffee break for about 30 minutes at a special buffet area in the front part of the audience hall , " said the Rev. Thomas Rosica . "  Cardinals have an opportunity to go down and mix and mingle . " "  They want to say what the next pope will hear , because he 's probably in that room , and they also want to alert the people who have n't spent so much time in Rome just what the situation really is here as they see it , " Cardinal Francis George of Chicago said . The electors also want to go into the conclave with pretty clear ideas about whom to vote for , Cardinal Sean O'Malley of Boston said . They , too , have no interest in seeing it drag on , and there is no reason to believe that it will . The past 11 conclaves have lasted no longer than four days , the diocese of Providence , Rhode Island , wrote on its website . That was n't always the case . In the 13th century , the election of one pope took two years and nine months , the diocese said . Catholics grew so angry at the cardinals ' indecision from 1268 to 1271 , when Gregory X was elected , that they boarded them up in their chamber and tore off the roof to expose them to the elements . The fiasco led to the creation of the conclave and its precise protocol -- partly to expedite the process . What 's in a name ? Clues to be found in next pope 's moniker CNN 's Hada Messia , David Schechter , Jo Shelley and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : All 115 cardinal-electors are now in the Vatican Group representing victims of abuse by priests names 3 people it wants to see as pope U.S. Catholics say child sex abuse by priests is the biggest problem the church faces
CNN  -- The fatal gang rape of a young woman in the Indian capital of New Delhi sparked weeks of angry protests and prompted heated debates about the pervasiveness of sexual violence in Indian society . CNN asked people in India and the Indian diaspora for their thoughts on the case and the subsequent charges brought against six people , and also asked women for their personal experiences . Responses ranged from anger at the system , which they feel failed the young woman who died , to recollections of the harassment they have suffered personally . "  I have been hooted at , I 've been called names and told to dress modestly , and let me remind you this is from people my own age and not older conservative people , " said charity consultant Meera Vijayann from Bangalore . iReporter : Rape ` still not seen as a human rights violation in India ' "  This girl could have been me , it could have been any of my friends and no-one would have taken us seriously . " Proposals to install "  fast track " courts for rape cases marked a promising start , she said , but she added that it would take more than just statutes to stop such tragedies . Violence against women in India is widespread . More than 220,000 incidents were reported in 2011 alone , according to Indian government statistics . Human rights activists point out that , due to under reporting , the real figure is most likely much higher . But it 's not just the statistics -- it 's the mindset , many Indians said . Following the attack , there was further outrage when the Indian president 's son , Abhijeet Mukherjee , dismissed women who had flocked to the streets to protest against the case as "  dented and painted , " comments for which he later apologized . Read more : The perils of being a woman in India Such victim-blaming , they said , must stop . "  There is a sexist mindset , politicians have made silly remarks about women and how they should wear modest clothes , not go to parties , " Vijayann said . "  If they make the laws how will it benefit us ? People have to change the way they think . " Despite such comments making headlines , many Indian men were quick to express their outrage at the attack . Akash Bhattacharya , a software engineer from Bangalore , attended some of the protests and candlelight vigils that erupted in Indian cities after reports of the case emerged in local media . He said he had felt "  ashamed " as a man to hear the news and called for a shift in attitudes towards women and how they are treated . iReporter : ` I 'm ashamed as a man in my own country ' "  Harsher punishment will stop a case here and there , but that will not change our mind set , " he said . "  When will our conscience overpower our instincts ? " Siddharth Katragadda , an artist and writer from India now living in San Diego , California , said that for the first time in India 's history , "  We 're realizing that we can not protect our women by hiding them behind tradition and values . " India , he said , was experiencing a schism between a value system that relied on shutting women away to one where external forces such as the police and the criminal justice system were looked to for support and justice . "  For centuries , India protected its women against such crimes by hiding -LSB- them -RSB- behind strict rules of personal fashion and even stricter traditions , " he said . "  Now , urban Indians look -- as the West does -- to its laws and policing to protect its women . What we 're seeing is clash of those opposing cultures . " More : ` India has woken up and realized that change is needed ' Nonetheless , he was also quick to point out that India is far from the only country with endemic sexual violence . "  Rapes are crimes of opportunity that occur in every corner of the world , not just India , " he said . Five of the suspects were formally charged on Thursday with the murder , rape and kidnapping in a New Delhi court , senior police officials said , while another is awaiting age tests to determine if he is old enough to be tried in an adult court . Several of the charges carry the death penalty if they are convicted . There are hopes amongst Indians that the potent mix of public anger , political nervousness and global pressure may impress on authorities the need for action to prevent such crimes happening again . The sheer horror of the case has also increased calls from some protesters for use of the death penalty , which is legal but rarely used in India . Images of angry demonstrators carrying mock hangman 's nooses and signs calling for the suspects to be killed have left little doubt that there are some in India keen for this sentence to be carried out if the men are convicted . Others , however , were more circumspect , citing sanctity for life , or the possibility of rehabilitation or change . "  I believe rape is the most grave crime as the victims die two times , once physically and one emotionally , so the -LSB- suspects -RSB- must be given severe punishment -LSB- if convicted -RSB- which can make them realize how painful it is , " said Dorjay Namgail from Chandigarh , northern India , on Facebook . "  But I think we should abandon capital punishment . Every human being has the capacity -LSB- to -RSB- transform themselves into a good , law abiding citizen . " More : Remembering the New Delhi gang rape victim The sheer tragedy of the case has also prompted some outside of India to take action , from sharing thoughts and condolences on social media to organizing vigils in honor of the unnamed victim . Reena Combo , a media specialist living in Birmingham , England , whose family comes from New Delhi , decided to organize a vigil after her tweets about the case sparked an outpouring of emotional responses and pleas to take action . "  People were saying ` you work in media -- you can do something ! ' " she said . "  So I decided to put together a vigil in my home town . " "  A lot of people want to pay their respects and show solidarity for this woman who died in such a traumatic way . Hopefully now Indian women will feel more empowered to speak out . " Opinion : End culture of rape in 2013	iReporters and commenters expressed outrage at Delhi gang rape case Calls for changes not just in the law but in Indian culture and attitudes towards rape Some have organized vigils in their own nations to honor victim
CNN  -- A Colorado judge Tuesday threw out Tim Masters ' 1999 murder conviction after DNA evidence pointed to another suspect , and Masters was freed after spending nine years behind bars . Tim Masters , center , walks out of a Fort Collins , Colorado , courthouse Tuesday with his attorney David Wymore . Cheers and applause erupted as Masters walked out of court with his attorneys David Wymore and Maria Liu . A jury convicted Masters 12 years after the discovery of the mutilated corpse of Peggy Hettrick , 37 , in a field near his trailer . Masters was 15 at the time of the slaying . Now 36 , Masters wore new clothes bought by his lawyers for Tuesday 's hearing . He appeared dazed and elated . Watch Masters ' first minutes of freedom " "  They did a fantastic job , " Masters said of his attorneys at a hastily convened news conference . "  I want to go see my family , " he said . Wymore said he would "  urge the prosecutors to dismiss all charges as soon as possible . " He added , "  It 's an opportunity to do the right thing . " Wymore thanked former Fort Collins investigator Linda Wheeler-Holloway , who came forward with her doubts about the conviction . He also thanked journalists "  for not letting it sink into a dark hole . " Surrounded by police officers and his attorneys , Masters left the second-floor jury room and walked to the main floor of the Larimer County Justice Center amid a flurry of flashes and shutter clicks . Police cleared a path as the smiling Masters walked outside onto icy courthouse steps and squinted as the sunlight hit him in the face . He and his attorneys got into a waiting vehicle , which quickly drove away . A special prosecutor who reviewed how the 1999 case was handled made the request to vacate the conviction , citing new DNA evidence that points to someone else in Hettrick 's slaying . Judge Joseph Weatherby quickly granted the request . Masters was freed on his own recognizance , which means his family does not have to put up any money or property . Watch Masters ' first minutes of freedom " Masters had been under investigation for the slaying for more than half his life . A passing cyclist discovered the mutilated body of Hettrick near Masters ' home . Masters has said since February 12 , 1987 -- the day after the killing -- that he did not commit the crime . Watch police question 15-year-old Masters Police mounted an investigation that ultimately saw Masters jailed in 1998 and sentenced to life in prison for murder in 1999 . On Friday , after months of hearings in which Masters ' new defense team alleged police and prosecutorial misdeeds in the investigation and trial , special prosecutor Don Quick delivered what was likely the best news of Masters ' life . A defense-commissioned DNA test -- subsequently backed by the Colorado Bureau of Investigation -- pointed to "  a potential suspect in the early investigation of Peggy Hettrick 's murder , " Quick said in a news conference . However , Quick did not say the evidence vindicated Masters , only that it met "  the constitutional requirements " for a new trial . After the special prosecutor announced Friday that new DNA evidence in the case warranted a retrial , District Attorney Larry Abrahamson issued a statement Monday explaining it might be unnecessary to try Masters again . "  In light of newly discovered evidence revealed to me on Friday , " Abrahamson wrote , "  I will be moving as expeditiously as possible to make the determination of whether all charges against Timothy Masters will be dismissed . " Abrahamson said he also will review all "  contested convictions " in which advances in DNA testing may prove useful . He said he wanted to review the discovery process and that he had met with the Fort Collins police chief and his officers "  to discuss the critical flow of information with assurance that all information is available to our office and the defense . " The statement is noteworthy since Masters ' attorneys allege Fort Collins police and prosecutors withheld evidence favorable to their client during his 1999 trial . Quick filed a motion this month citing four instances in which police and prosecutors should have handed over evidence to Masters ' original defense team . See the key players in the case " Among them was a police interview with a plastic surgeon who said it was improbable that a teen could have made the meticulous cuts necessary to remove Hettrick 's body parts . Also , according to Quick 's motion , police failed to divulge that a renowned FBI profiler warned police that Masters ' penchant for doodling gruesome horror scenes did not tie him to the crime . Those sketches , along with a collection of narratives and knives , helped convince the jury of Masters ' guilt . No physical evidence was found tying Masters to the crime . With charges against Masters now dismissed , the investigation likely will focus on the new DNA evidence , Quick said . Authorities have the partial DNA profiles of three men , one of them matching a full DNA profile provided by the defense . But even with the DNA evidence , many questions remain : To whom do the other partial profiles belong ? How did the physical evidence arrive on Hettrick 's clothing ? How long has it been there ? And ultimately , who killed her ? "  I 'm hoping for both Mr. Masters and the Hettrick family that we can answer those questions , " Quick said . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Judge orders Tim Masters released , tosses 1999 murder conviction Special prosecutor asked for dismissal of charges against Masters Masters convicted in 1999 of murder , sexual mutilation of 37-year-old woman After nine years in prison , Masters says , "  I want to go see my family "
CNN  -- Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook were instrumental as Oklahoma City Thunder won the first game of the 2012 NBA Finals . Durant was the game 's top scorer with 36 points , while Westbrook notched 27 , as the Thunder beat Miami Heat 105-94 in the best-of-seven series . Three-time MVP LeBron James managed 30 points for the Heat , who lost out on last year 's NBA crown to the Dallas Mavericks . James ' battle with Durant is seen by most commentators as key to the direction of this year 's series . But it did n't start well for Oklahoma . They had to overcome a 13-point deficit early on in the game , thanks mainly to a 13-point first-half haul from Shaun Battier . The Heat also nailed five 3-pointers in the opening quarter , a franchise record for the opening period of a playoff game . However Durant , making his first appearance in the NBA showpiece , led Thunder 's fightback with an impressive performance that culminated in 17 points in the final quarter . "  I am just playing off my teammates and not trying to force anything , " Durant told reporters after the game , in quotes carried by Agence France-Presse . "  Everybody came to play and we stuck together . " His coach , Scott Brooks , was equally effusive about the team 's spirit and togetherness . "  We showed a lot of toughness in the second half , " he said . "  Really battling and fighting for every possession . I give our guys a lot of credit . They did a great job of competing in the second half . " Brooks ' opposite number refused to panic after Miami 's opening setback . "  We are a confident team and it is a long series , " said Erik Spoelstra , in quotes carried by AFP . "  This group has resolve . Sometimes we have to grind it out but we have the toughness to be able to bounce back . " Game two tips off on Thursday in Oklahoma City .	Oklahoma City Thunder win first game of the 2012 NBA Finals against Miami Heat Kevin Durant is game 's top scorer in Oklahoma 's 105-94 win over the Heat LeBron James manages 30 points for the Heat , last year 's beaten finalists Oklahoma face Miami on their home court in Game 2 on Thursday
CNN  -- The nation 's new "  first dog " has heightened interest in its breed -- Portuguese water dog -- but not necessarily a thorough understanding of the dogs ' needs , a pair of owners and breeders told CNN . Bo the Portuguese water dog meets the camera . Bo was a gift to the Obama girls from Sen. Ted Kennedy . The dog , Bo , has triggered "  the most publicity the breed has ever had since its introduction into the U.S. in the late 1960s , " the Portuguese Water Dog Club of America said in a news release . President Obama and his family welcomed Bo into the White House this week . Shortly afterward , the club 's Web site was receiving a million hits an hour , said Susan Teasley , a club member . Jane Harding , a fellow member of the club , said she has "  received about a 10 percent increase in calls " since Tuesday , and some of the other breeders she knows also have reported more calls . "  Thankfully , people want to know more about the breed , " Teasley said . "  But water dogs are not for everybody , and it would be sad to see people getting the dog without doing the proper research . " Portuguese water dogs are "  active athletes , " far from couch potatoes , she explained . In fact , they are more likely to rip a couch into pieces than lounge on it , Harding said , recalling a friend who had lost a sofa that way . Watch more water dog fun " Portuguese water dogs can be miserable and destructive when alone , Teasley said . And do n't think you can close the door and keep them out . "  They want to be with you at all times -- even if it 's in the bathroom or your bed , " she said . Teasley and her husband breed Portuguese water dogs and often allow them to run free on the two and a half acres of land they own . They are "  not apartment dogs , " she said . Harding agreed . "  They are n't for people who want a tie-out dog or an apartment dog . For people like that , " she joked , "  we recommend a stuffed dog . " Portuguese water dogs love the outdoors , particularly if they have a garden to eat from , Teasley said as she wrestled to keep 7-month-old Misty Morning from eating the family 's flowers . Harding said she believes the first family will be successful with their new dog because "  they have access to the best trainers , and they want to make this work . " For other Americans thinking about following suit , she cautioned , "  Buyers beware . Do your homework and first read the information on the breed . " Teasley wants people to understand the breed to help avoid what she called the "  Dalmatian syndrome . " After the movie "  101 Dalmatians " came out in 1996 , "  thousands of people rushed to get the dog , and thousands of dogs ended up in rescue kennels , " Teasley said . What those who followed the Dalmatian trend may not have known is that Dalmatians shed profusely and they develop hearing problems , making it hard to train and call them , she said . Both Teasley and Harding advised owners to get a mentor , as they expect Sen. Ted Kennedy to be to the Obama family . Kennedy owns Portuguese water dogs himself and recommended the breed to the Obamas . Watch Obamas introduce dog " "  For the first six to seven months of the puppy 's life , they need training , " Harding said . She has diligently trained 8-year-old champion Bessie , who she said "  produces phenomenal litters ... and has multiple titles " from the Portuguese Water Dog Club of America . Such organizations provide guidance to first-time dog owners . But it takes time to get a membership , Teasley said . Prospective members must apply for a one-year associate membership before they can receive a permanent one , she explained . That provides a cushion while they decide whether the dog is the right fit . "  It sounds like I 'm trying to discourage people from getting  a Portuguese water dog  , " Teasley said , "  But I 'm not . We just do n't want dogs to come back because owners do n't know what they are doing . "	Breeders fear too many people will try to get dog like the Obamas ' Bo Breeder : Portuguese water dogs are "  active athletes , " not couch potatoes They are more likely to rip up couch than to lounge on it Dogs bond quickly with family and want to be with them all the time
CNN  -- A few days ago , a sportswriter friend of mine posted on his Facebook page a picture of a child-sized athletic T-shirt with the words "  Destined to Be Drafted " printed on front . He commented , "  Just in case anybody thought youth sports culture IS N'T getting outta hand . " Sandusky 's child sex abuse allegations : In his own words On the same day , my home state Arkansas Razorbacks , recently scandalized by the professional and personal improprieties of former football coach Bobby Petrino , introduced their new uniforms with a 1,300-word press release complete with a quote from a freshman player saying , "  I like to look good , so when I was being recruited the uniforms definitely had something to do with my interest in a school . " What does any of this have to do with the abhorrent actions of which Jerry Sandusky is accused ? Sandusky is one individual being tried for very specific crimes , sexually abusing young boys . But in the midst of this scandal , it 's hard to not also indict the culture that coddled him . College football is one of our national obsessions . We get so wrapped up with the thrills of the games . What we overlook is that like any big-time college sport , it perpetuates the fantasy , which the fans and media readily buy into , that its players are still kids and its coaches are moral leaders . In other organizations or institutions that have dealt with horrible scandals of sexual abuse -- like the Boy Scouts and the Catholic Church -- their leaders actually have some claims to moral and civic authority . But why have we granted moral authority to college coaches ? It 's partly because we all idolize winners . Winning games gives coaches a cloak of invincibility . They are considered "  first citizens , " as ancient Rome called its emperors , rather than citizens first . They seem immune to the rules that apply to the rest of us . It 's easy to think they can do no harm . For that reason , we excuse them when they throw tantrums , which we interpret as being "  passionate . " In any other profession , those tantrums would result in being fired . Where the head football coach is the highest paid state employee , it 's no wonder that a sense of proportion has gone out the window . In Arkansas , for example , six of the top 10 salaried state employees are in the state university 's athletic department . Under this culture of adulation , someone like Sandusky is more likely to get a pass for questionable behavior . No one could have conceived of him as being anything other than an upright molder of men , even if there were signs to the contrary . Those who come into contact with him are more likely to look the other way than to scrutinize anything unusual . Opinion : In Sandusky trial , a second act for McQueary ? At the same time that we elevate the coaches to a pedestal , we infantilize the college athletes . Whenever I hear announcers refer to "  these kids " on a team -- while in the context of a police report or a voting booth or a battlefield death , an 18-year-old would be a "  man " -- I have to shake my head . To the athletic programs , they are essentially low-wage workers with high school degrees in a big business . The sooner we abandon the pretension that all players are student athletes and that coaches are role models for men , the sooner we can regain a sense of reality . That said , there 's plenty of room for athletes to be students and vice versa . There also are many good coaches out there who would make strong mentors to kids of all ages . But let 's not pretend that coaches are on a higher moral ground just because they are heading a winning team . If we see coaches as real people rather than heroes , then we can regain a healthy dose of skepticism . Maybe then toddler T-shirt messages will go back to being appropriate for the age and a college sports team 's uniform wo n't matter as much . ` Sandusky 8 ' describe seduction , betrayal Jerry Sandusky trial : All you need to know Sandusky case drawing to a rapid close The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jay Jennings .	Jay Jennings : Jerry Sandusky was coddled by the culture of college football Jennings : Big-time college sports feed us fantasy that coaches are moral leaders He says winning games gives coaches a cloak of invincibility Jennings : Sandusky escaped scrutiny because we put him on a pedestal
CNN  -- Presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin says that even though a lot of modern debates are programmed , there are still moments that no one expected . "  And it 's sort of like championship boxing , " she says , "  you do get revelations of character , of temperament , of humor , of anger , and you get a feeling of this person during these one-on-one debates that really nothing else can provide . " Goodwin describes 10 key presidential and vice presidential debates that made a difference : 1960 -- Kennedy vs. Nixon : First TV debate Just having Kennedy on the same stage as an experienced vice president made a difference for JFK because he could hold his own with Nixon . But then , of course , when it was listened to on the radio , it made it seem like it was pretty equal , and even some people giving an edge to Nixon . But he looked so terrible . His makeup was bad . He was n't feeling well . He looked sallow , He looked scornful . And people just reacted to that image of a vigorous , young Kennedy , and an almost sick-looking Nixon . And from then on , somehow JFK became a figure . iReport : 10 questions you would ask at the presidential debate 1976 -- Carter vs. Ford : No Soviet domination of Eastern Europe ? Ford had done well in the first debate , but in the second debate he was asked a question about Soviet domination of Eastern Europe . And he answered it incomprehensibly . There was already a perception , a vulnerability , that he was n't intelligent . And then this thing just got parodied , just got talked about , and became a huge event . When ordinary people watched that debate , they did n't feel the Ford had screwed up . But when it was pointed out , that he did n't understand what was happening in the Cold War in Eastern Europe , then suddenly they had shifted their minds , and he seemed much worse than it had seemed at that moment . 1980 -- Reagan vs. Carter : ` There you go again ' In 1980 , Carter was primed to go after Reagan about his record , especially on Medicare . He was going on the offensive : ` You did this ! You voted this way ! You said that ! ' And Reagan , just with humor and subtlety , said , ` There you go again . ' And it somehow relaxed Reagan and it took the offensive away from Carter . It was a brilliant answer to a really serious critique of Reagan 's past that might have been troubling for him . 1980 -- Reagan vs. Carter : ` Are you better off now than you were four years ago ? ' There was no more brilliant closing than Reagan 's ` Are you better off now than you were four years ago ? ' What it did was to make people think , ` Yes . That 's what 's happened to me . My economic life , my family life , my working life , has been hurt by the economy over these last four years . ' And once they realized that , it almost gave a poster to the entire campaign . It was n't just a great moment in the debate , it became a theme encapsulated in just a few sentences . And in the end saying , ` if you are better off , then you vote for Mr. Carter . If you 're not , you do have another choice . Me , ' And at the same time , Carter gave a very weak closing statement . Opinion : When candidates said ` no ' to debates 1984 -- Mondale vs. Reagan : ' I will not exploit ... my opponent 's youth and inexperience ' In the first debate between Reagan and Mondale , Reagan had appeared old . He was the oldest candidate in history at that time . He seemed confused by some of the questions , his answers had wandered , and the issue of age really became a large question among the press . So when he comes back in the second debate , and they ask him , ` Do you think age is a problem ? ' He had that answer prepared , and boy did he nail it . It was subtle , it was humorous , and Mondale knew , he said right then , that he had not only lost the debate , but probably the election . 1988 -- Dukakis vs. George H.W. Bush : ` If your wife , Kitty Dukakis , were raped and murdered ? ' The question asked to Michael Dukakis in 1988 was a difficult one . I mean , ` What would you do , given your feelings about the death penalty , if your wife , Kitty Dukakis , were raped and murdered ? ' And what you would 've expected might have been a home run , where Dukakis would 've said , ' I would 've wanted to kill that person who murdered my wife . But we have a country of laws and that would be wrong . ' But instead , he answered in a policy-wonkish way about the death penalty that underscored a vulnerability that he already seemed to be without emotion and without passion . 1988 -- Bentsen vs. Quayle : ` You 're no Jack Kennedy ' During the campaign , Quayle had already been saying many times that he had as much experience as Jack Kennedy did , so Bentsen was primed for that and when he mentioned it again in the debate , I 'm sure Bentsen was saying ` Yay ! Here comes my line ! ' And again , Quayle handled it OK and said it probably was n't called for but it was such a zinger of a line that people loved it and told one another about it and it became the line of that debate . Opinion : The mistakes candidates make in debates 1992 -- George H.W. Bush looks at his watch It looked like he was bored , that he did n't care about the debate and that underscored the feeling that he was n't connected to the problems of the people and the country . He later said when he was looking he was looking at his watch he was thinking , ' I hate these debates , I 'm so glad it 's almost over . ' In that debate Clinton showed his empathy -- he was wandering around the stage . He talked to the people , almost wrapped their arms around them . The debate format in that year was perfect for Clinton because they could wander away from the microphones . When Bush is seen stiffly to be looking at his watch and seemed not engaged , and not connected , it underscored Clinton 's enormous capacity to emotionally connect . 1992 -- Stockdale vs. Gore vs. Quayle : ` Who am I ? Why am I here ? ' When -LSB- Ross -RSB- Perot had chosen -LSB- Adm. James -RSB- Stockdale as his -LSB- running mate -RSB- , Stockdale appeared to in that debate to be stunned ; he almost did n't seem to belong there . He looked like an observer of the other two candidates and that was underlined when he said , ` Who am I , what am I doing here ? ' What it underscored was a problem of judgment on Perot 's part -- how could he have chosen somebody who himself was wondering , ` Why am I here ? ' It made no sense to the audience and it hurt Perot 's credibility as a presidential candidate . 2000 -- Al Gore sighs Focus groups right after Al Gore and George W. Bush debated seemed to give a slight edge to Gore because he was more articulate , he had better answers , but once the television cameras caught that sighing , that constant look on his face where he seemed annoyed by the whole idea of having to be there with Bush , it seemed to underscore , as somebody said , as a teacher 's pet who knew all the answers but was annoying and irritating . And they kept playing it over and over again and it became parodies on the comedy shows and late night TV . Then people began to project onto Gore a personality trait of just annoyance and irritation of people in general and it became devastating for him to live that down .	Historian Doris Kearns Goodwin says debates reveal character strengths and weaknesses 1960 debate contrasted "  vigorous " Kennedy with "  sallow " Nixon Reagan 's humor defused Carter 's indignation in 1980 debate With a glance at his watch , George H.W. Bush underscored Clinton 's ability to connect
CNN  -- The men 's U.S. Open final between Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic will be played on Monday after officials made the decision to call off the match due to persistent rain in New York on Sunday . The final was due to start at 4.30 pm local time but U.S. Open officials took the decision to postpone the match at 6.20 pm , with the rain at Flushing Meadows showing no sign of stopping . "  Due to the continued uncertainty of the weather forecast and to be fair to the players and not inconvenience our on-site fans any longer , we regrettably have to move the US Open Men 's Singles Final , " a statement on the official U.S. Open website read . It will be the third year in a row that the final grand slam of the year has ran into an extra day because of bad weather , re igniting debate over whether a roof should be built over the Arthur Ashe court like those in use at the Australian Open and Wimbledon . The women 's doubles champions will also be decided on Monday , with Lizel Huber and Nadia Petrova leading Vania King and Yaroslavl Shvedova 5-4 in the final set . The doubles match is scheduled for 3pm local time , with the men 's final to follow not before 4pm . For world number one Nadal it will be his first U.S. Open final , having already won the other three grand slam tournaments . Should he win the Spaniard would not only achieve the career grand slam but would become the first man since Australia 's Rod Laver in 1969 to win the French , Wimbledon and U.S. slams back to back . Meanwhile , third-ranked Djokovic will be contesting the New York final for the second time in his career after beating six-time champion Roger Federer in a five-set semifinal on Saturday . Informed that rain was forecast for Sunday by reporters in his press conference , the Serbian was relieved that he might be given some extra rest time after his exertions over Federer . "  I will have to do a lot of recovery , because it 's been exhausting match . I have to be ready in less than 20 hours , " he told the U.S. Open website . "  I do n't know the rituals of how to invite the rain , but an extra day would be great , actually . "	Men 's U.S. Open final between Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic delayed until Monday due to rain Third year in a row tournament has needed an extra day to be completed Women 's doubles final will also be concluded on Monday Play at Flushing Meadows will begin at 3pm local time
LONDON , England  CNN  -- For the beautiful people , Azza Fahmy may be one of the best-known names in Egypt . Designer Azza Fahmy consults her daughters on jewelry designs in her Cairo studio . A high-end jewelry designer , Fahmy 's creations have adorned such beauties as supermodel Naomi Campbell and Queen Rania of Jordan . Her international luxury brand , Azza Fahmy Jewelries , blends Egyptian motifs and modern design to create high-end pieces . Working with precious metals and stones , Fahmy 's work is inspired by the distinctive shapes , colors , textures and calligraphy of the country . Cairo , the largest city in the Arab world nicknamed "  The City of a Thousand Minarets , " is Fahmy 's home . She thinks she may have lived a previous life in old Cairo , which has now grown into a mega-city of almost 20 million inhabitants . See Azza Fahmy 's picks of what to do , see and eat in Cairo "  It 's a strong feeling when I 'm walking in the streets going to old houses , churchs and old mosques , " Fahmy told CNN . "  It 's something inside me which I ca n't describe , as if I 've lived before in these places . " In the 1960s , Fahmy was the first woman to apprentice in Cairo 's jewelry district . She says she 'd whither and die if she ever had to leave Egypt . She takes us on a personal tour of the beguiling Egyptian capital , where she finds inspiration in almost everything she sees . "  Everything in my mind is jewelry , " she explains . "  I turn it into jewelry . " Ibn Tulun Mosque The sprawling Ibn Tulun Mosque , the largest mosque in Cairo in terms of land area , is also considered the oldest mosque in the city to have survived in its original form.Cairo fact file : How to navigate Mideast 's biggest metropolis "  It 's one of my favorite mosques in Cairo , " Fahmy says . "  The beautiful windows of this mosque give me a lot of joy . " Fahmy says she 's always fantasized about the windows of Ibn Tulun . "  One day I 'll do a project called the Ibn Tulun collection , because they have 126 windows , I think , and each one is different . I see them as earrings , hanging earrings , " she says , laughing . "  They are geometrical designs each one different from the other , "  she explains . Watch Fahmy tour Cairo " The jewelry designer says Ibn Tulun makes her feel serene , inspires her to "  sit and meditate . The mosque is very strong , very discreet and very beautiful at the same time . " The Hanging Church Fahmy explains that the 7th century Hanging Church , known in Arabic as Al-Muallaqah  "  The Suspended "  , is the most famous Coptic -- a sect of Christianity native to Egypt and Ethiopia -- church in Cairo . The church is dedicated to the Virgin Mary . "  Each civilization gives the other civilization something and each civilization takes something from the other civilization , " Fahmy explains about the different faiths in the Egyptian capital . "  There is a continuity in the art . " "  Look at the details of the wood carving ! " she exclaims there . "  Look how they mix the pattern , " she says , gently tracing it with her finger . From apprentice to master : Fahmy 's design inspiration " "  You see this pattern ? The cross in the middle and four rectangles around it ? I want to do the design of this as a rectangle and then the motifs in metal . " Fahmy says she she 's always searching for beautiful text -- inspiring calligraphy -- to use in her work . The Egyptian designer describes calligraphy as an art in itself , "  the movement of the lines and the balance of the lines and the meaning in the text . " El Moez Street "  This is one of the oldest streets in Cairo , " Fahmy explains as she walks along the colourful street bursting with life . "  This street is part of me . It 's my history , my life , my youth . This is the real soul of Cairo . " Fahmy stands in front of the Al Aqmar Mosque , known as "  the moonlit , " and says she 's inspired by the details in the architecture . Her eyes are immediately drawn to details throughout the city , she says . "  All my life is details , details , details . You become specific about everything . " "  Do you notice these black and white stripes ? " she asks . Fahmy says she loves the way black and white are mixed together in Cairo to "  create all this balance . " What inspires you about Cairo ? Tell us in the SoundOff box below "  Art is all about balance . They are perfect in how they balance things . " Workshop "  I used to work in this place , Rabeh El-Selehdar , " Fahmy explains as she enters the workshop where she trained as a young jewelry-making apprentice . "  It was 40 years ago . " "  I went to the workshop , I introduced myself to a man named Hajj Said and then I worked with him for about three years , " she said , no small feat for an Egyptian woman in the 1960s . She warmly greets one of the men working at the workshop . "  He is the nephew of my master . He still remembers me , " she explains . "  I used to sit on this table and I used to help them file and solder . It was the beginning of my life . " Fahmy 's business , which evolved into the first Egyptian designer brand , is a family affair . Her daughters , Fatima and Amina , work with her . "  I love the idea of the family business , " she says . "  I 'd like to give this to my daughters -LSB- to -RSB- continue . I want to have a design house which can continue with the same message of carrying the Arab culture to the world . "	Designer Azza Fahmy takes CNN on a tour of Cairo She was the first Egyptian woman to apprentice in Cairo 's jewelry district Fahmy sees Islamic calligraphy as art and gets inspiration from mosques Azza Fahmy Jewelries is a family affair run with her two daughters
President Barack Obama on Wednesday outlined a foreign policy vision of "  might doing right , " arguing that modern pragmatism requires both a strong military and the diplomatic tools of alliances and sanctions to exert influence and provide global leadership . He told graduating cadets at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point that after the nation 's "  long season of war and divisions about how to move forward , " they now would represent America with the duty "  not only to protect our country , but to do what is right and just . " Under fire from the political right for what critics call diminishing U.S. global influence , Obama offered a robust defense of his foreign policy as the pragmatic and most effective expression of America 's leadership role in the world . "  I believe in American exceptionalism with every fiber of my being , " he said , referring to a tenet of conservative ideology . "  But what makes us exceptional is not flouting international norms and the rule of law ; it 's our willingness to affirm them through our actions , " Obama said in arguing that true leadership involves not only having the world 's most powerful military , but in doing the right thing . "  America must always lead on the world stage , " Obama said , and the military "  always will be the backbone of that leadership , " but U.S. military action "  can not be the only -- or even primary -- component of our leadership in every instance . " In a direct jab at his detractors , the President said those "  who suggest that America is in decline , or has seen its global leadership slip away , are either misreading history or engaged in partisan politics . " One of the most strident critics , Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona , responded Wednesday by telling CNN that America remained mighty but Obama has failed to follow through on threats such as his "  red line " for U.S. military strikes if the Syrian government used chemical weapons . "  We are unreliable , and all our allies and our enemies believe that , " said McCain , who lost to Obama in the 2008 presidential election . To George Mitchell , the former Senate leader who served as Obama 's Middle East peace envoy , the President "  made a persuasive case to the reality that we can not intervene militarily everywhere . " However , Mitchell said the United States should have done more to help the Syrian opposition without sending U.S. troops . Read the President 's speech In a sign of the sentiments of the cadets and those attending their commencement ceremony , Obama got big applause when he noted they were the first West Point graduates in more than a decade unlikely to be stationed in a war zone . Since he took office , Obama noted , America had ended the Iraq war and was preparing to end the Afghanistan conflict , decimated al Qaeda 's leadership in the border region between Pakistan and Afghanistan , and eliminated Osama bin Laden . Now it was time to shift foreign policy to combat a continuing terrorist threat that "  no longer comes from a centralized al Qaeda leadership , " but from "  decentralized al Qaeda affiliates and extremists , with agendas focused in the countries where they operate . " "  This lessens the possibility of large-scale 9/11-style attacks against the homeland , but heightens the danger of U.S. personnel overseas being attacked , as we saw in Benghazi , " Obama said in reference to the 2012 assault that killed four Americans at a U.S. compound in Libya . "  It heightens the danger to less defensible targets , as we saw in a shopping mall in Nairobi , " he said of the attack last year in Kenya . "  So we have to develop a strategy that matches this diffuse threat ; one that expands our reach without sending forces that stretch our military thin , or stir up local resentments . " Obama also spoke of his personal burden as a wartime leader , saying he was "  haunted " by the dead and wounded among troops he ordered to Afghanistan . "  I would betray my duty to you , and to the country we love , if I sent you into harm 's way simply because I saw a problem somewhere in the world that needed to be fixed , or because I was worried about critics who think military intervention is the only way for America to avoid looking weak , " he told the graduating cadets . Returning to a theme he 's visited throughout his presidency , Obama said he would continue to push for closing the terrorist detention facility at Guantanamo Bay "  because American values and legal traditions do n't permit the indefinite detention of people beyond our borders . " Overall , Obama said , "  America has rarely been stronger relative to the rest of the world , " and he contended that "  those who argue otherwise -- who suggest that America is in decline , or has seen its global leadership slip away -- are either misreading history or engaged in partisan politics . " "  The question we face -- the question each of you will face -- is not whether America will lead , but how we will lead , not just to secure our peace and prosperity , but also extend peace and prosperity around the globe , " Obama told the cadets . The President 's speech came a day after he spelled out a plan that would leave nearly 10,000 troops in Afghanistan at year 's end but essentially end the broader U.S. military commitment there by the end of 2016 . "  We can not only responsibly end our war in Afghanistan and achieve the objectives that took us to war in the first place , we 'll also be able to begin a new chapter in the story of American leadership around the world , " Obama said in the White House Rose Garden on Tuesday . Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai welcomed Obama 's announcement of planned troop levels , saying in a statement posted Wednesday on his official website that his government was "  grateful to the international community for its assistance and remains confident " in the ability of the expanded and NATO-trained Afghan forces to protect the country and its people . 5 foreign policy headaches for Obama Although Obama enjoyed high-profile foreign-policy successes at the beginning of his time in office , including the military mission to find and kill bin Laden , he 's come under harsh criticism recently for what opponents say is a passive approach abroad . They cite his record in Syria , where he backed away from airstrikes after President Bashar al-Assad 's regime was reported to have used chemical weapons on citizens . Congress balked at approving the military force , leaving Obama to instead negotiate a deal that would remove the chemical stockpiles from al-Assad 's control but keep al-Assad himself in power amid an ongoing civil war . While the administration has provided non-lethal aid to the Syrian opposition , it has stopped short of supplying weapons and ammunition called for by McCain and other critics . In his speech , Obama said there was no military solution to the Syrian civil war , and added that he will "  work with Congress to ramp up support for those in the Syrian opposition who offer the best alternative to terrorists and a brutal dictator . " National Security Adviser Susan Rice told CNN that sending weapons and ammunition to Syrian opposition groups would need "  the authority and blessing of Congress . " Earlier , Secretary of State John Kerry defended U.S. policy for Syria , including the deal struck to get chemical weapons out of the country . Speaking to CNN 's "  New Day , " he said he found it difficult to believe that critics would have preferred a military strike and hurting the al-Assad regime temporarily . He said that 92 % of Syria 's chemical weapons have been removed , and the other 8 % are under control , waiting to be removed . "  It 's remarkable to me that people simply want to refuse to accept that we 're better off getting all of the weapons out than striking for one or two days and doing damage to some of them , " Kerry said . McCain argued that the result of the administration 's response meant that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad consolidated his grip on power , Hezbollah fighters and Iran 's Revolutionary Guard were helping him out , Russia was increasing support for his regime and the war has become "  a regional conflict and a tragedy of monumental proportions for which we will pay a heavy price in years to come . " Critics of Obama 's foreign policy also have said the President 's clear assertion that military force is off the table in Ukraine sends the wrong message to other countries -- namely China -- that have their own territorial disputes with neighbor states . The United States and its allies have imposed economic sanctions on Russia for its incursion into Ukraine , though that step has n't done much to quiet the arguments coming from Obama 's detractors . On Wednesday , Obama reiterated his policy that the United States will used military force , "  unilaterally if necessary , " when its people are threatened , its livelihood is at stake or allies are in danger , but he said the threshold was higher when global issues "  do not pose a direct threat " to the nation . "  In such circumstances , we should not go it alone , " he said . "  Instead , we must mobilize allies and partners to take collective action . We have to broaden our tools to include diplomacy and development ; sanctions , isolation ; appeals to international law and -- if just , necessary , and effective -- multilateral military action . " Such a collective approach "  is more likely to succeed , more likely to be sustained , and less likely to lead to costly mistakes , " Obama said . Obama last spoke broadly about his foreign policy during a trip to Asia in April , defending himself against those who say his policy lacks a discernible direction . "  You hit singles ; you hit doubles ; every once in a while we may be able to hit a home run , " Obama said in Manila , lashing out at those who argue for greater use of military force in conflicts abroad . "  Why is it that everyone is so eager to use military force ? " he asked then . "  After we have just gone through a decade of war at enormous costs to our troops and our budget . And what is it exactly that these critics would have accomplished ? " According to aides , Obama 's West Point speech kicks off a broader foreign policy push that will carry into his upcoming trip to Europe that includes a G7 summit in Brussels and a visit to Poland , designed to reassure Eastern European allies after Russia 's intervention in Ukraine .	Sen. McCain says Obama has failed to properly exert America 's might President Obama presents a broad vision designed in part to rebuff critics Obama has come under criticism for what opponents say is a passive approach He argues global leadership requires military might , alliances and diplomatic tools
Yangon  Financial Times  -- Myanmar passed a milestone in its efforts to clear its foreign debts after announcing agreements with the Paris Club of creditors , the World Bank , and the Asian Development Bank . The deals announced Sunday mean that Myanmar has now cleared the bulk of its $ 11.3 bn in outstanding foreign debts . Resolving the debts , which the government stopped servicing in the 1980s , is seen as a crucial step in the country 's efforts to re-engage with international donors . The World Bank and the ADB said their boards had agreed to clear Myanmar 's arrears of a combined $ 960m using bridge loans from the Japan Bank for International Cooperation . The moves funded by Tokyo followed Japan 's unilateral decision to settle nearly $ 6.6 bn in bilateral debt and a subsequent move by Norway to clear some $ 600m in debt . The Paris Club agreement , to cancel at least 50 per cent of a further $ 4.4 bn in bilateral debt , will meanwhile enable Myanmar to start negotiations with nine creditor countries on repayment terms . Myanmar , which has promised a series of rapid political and economic reforms under President Thein Sein , has made clearing its debts a priority . But there are concerns among some diplomats that the debt deals could prompt further criticism of the Myanmar military 's escalating attacks on northern ethnic Kachin rebels . In recent weeks , the United Nations , the US and the European Union have all urged an end to the fighting , and some western politicians and officials have warned that further conflict could endanger aid plans for Myanmar . The most significant breakthrough in terms of Myanmar 's remaining debt to creditor countries came after an intense 19-hour negotiating session between Myanmar and the Paris Club group of creditor countries in Paris late last week . The Paris Club is an informal group of creditor countries that consult regularly on issues including loan restructuring and debt cancellation , particularly for heavily indebted poor countries . Myanmar owed about $ 4.4 bn to nine Paris Club countries including the UK , Germany , France , Denmark and the Netherlands . Under Paris Club rules , a debtor country must first clear its arrears with international financial institutions before it can negotiate with creditor countries . "  It was a very tough negotiation , but Myanmar got a good , in some respects exceptional , agreement -- this has really opened a new era for us , " said Zaw Oo , a leading Myanmar economist who was part of the negotiating team in Paris . The government has high hopes for more leniency from creditors following the Paris Club talks , he noted . "  Japan and Norway 's moves were vital in helping the Paris Club reach a relatively quick agreement , but the international financial institutions were crucial in convincing creditors that our reforms are genuine and are proceeding , " he said , noting that such a move would normally have required a formal IMF programme . "  Myanmar has come a long way in its economic transformation " and the debt deals should help attract investment , spur growth and create jobs , said Annette Dixon , the World Bank 's country director , though she warned "  much work remains to be done " . In its most recent assessment , the World Bank said Myanmar 's economic growth accelerated to 5.5 per cent in fiscal year 2011-12 and is expected to reach 6.3 per cent in 2012-13 . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Myanmar cleared bulk of $ 11.3 B in outstanding foreign debts Myanmar reached agreements with Paris Club creditors , World Bank , ADB Paris Club agreement cancels at least 50 % of further $ 4.4 B in bilateral debt
Baghdad  CNN  -- A Lebanese militant wanted by the United States in connection with the killing of five American soldiers in Iraq was released because of lack of evidence , Iraq 's prime minister said Saturday . Nuri al-Maliki 's comments came on the heels of growing outrage among U.S. officials over the release Friday of Ali Mussa Daqduq despite last-minute requests by the White House that he be turned over to stand trial in the United States . In a written statement , al-Maliki said he could not agree to turn over Daqduq to the United States because the "  Iraqi judiciary did not agree " the request was in accordance with Iraq 's laws . With the release of Daqduq , at least one U.S. lawmaker has called for U.S. relations with Iraq to be re-evaluated . "  This is an outrage . Families of those who were killed by this terrorist should also be outraged , and appropriate action should be taken in regards to our relations with the Iraqi government , " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , told reporters Friday . Daqduq is accused of participating in the January 2007 kidnapping and killing of the five American soldiers in the Iraqi holy city of Karbala . After he was captured in Basra in March 2007 , according to U.S. intelligence officials , Daqduq pretended to be a deaf-mute . But officials identified him as a 24-year veteran of Hezbollah who admitted to working with the Quds Force , a branch of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps . U.S. military intelligence contended the Quds Force was using Hezbollah as a surrogate in Iraq . Daqduq was held by the U.S. military as an "  enemy combatant . " He was the last detainee to be turned over by the United States before a December 2011 deadline to withdraw . In May , an Iraqi court cleared Daqduq in connection with the killings . In the statement released Saturday , the prime minister said the Iraqi court ordered Daqduq 's release after it determined there was a lack of evidence . The United States appealed the ruling and provided additional evidence against Daqduq , which the Iraqi court also ruled was insufficient , al-Maliki said . Daqduq left Iraq shortly after his release for Lebanon , his lawyer said . "  There is no legal reason for his detention . He should have been released months ago , " his attorney , Abdulalmehdi al-Mutairi , told CNN . The case was widely seen as a test of U.S.-Iraqi relations despite the growing political influence of Iran over Iraq . U.S. officials were reluctant to hand over Daqduq to the Iraqi judiciary over fears that under pressure from Iran , Iraqi authorities would release him . The U.S. State Department vehemently objected to Daqduq 's release and vowed to continue to try to bring him to justice . "  Let me add that as with other terrorists who we believe have committed crimes against Americans , we are going to continue to pursue all legal means to see that Daqduq sees justice for the crimes of which he is accused , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Friday The State Department has been in contact with the Lebanese government , according to Nuland , and will continue to pursue all "  legal means " to bring Daqduq to justice . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq reported from Baghdad ; CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo in Washington contributed to this report .	Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki cites lack of evidence in the release of Ali Daqduq He also says Iraqi law does not allow for the extradition of Daqduq The U.S. military says Daqduq is a 24-year veteran of Hezbollah Daqduq is accused of kidnapping and killing five U.S. soldiers in Iraq in 2007
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When Danish auteur Lars von Trier presented his gothic thriller , "  Antichrist " at Cannes Film Festival last month , it was greeted with cat-calls , jeers and , at times , disbelieving laughter . Danish auteur Lars von Trier has been making films that shock , provoke and impress for over 40 years . Filmmakers are expected to give audiences a hard time at Cannes and the two-hander starring Willem Dafoe and Charlotte Gainsbourg as a couple grieving the loss of a child is no exception . But it was the level of pornographic sex and visceral brutality that outraged some and astonished many . Von Trier was labeled a woman-hater for the wince-inducingly horrific final scene in which female lead Charlotte Gainsbourg takes a pair of rusty scissors to her genitals and performs a DIY clitoridectomy right to camera . An Ecumenical Jury that normally hands out a prize at Cannes celebrating spiritual values felt moved to award "  Antichrist " an "  anti-prize " for being "  the most misogynist movie from the self-proclaimed biggest director in the world . " "  Lars von Trier , we get it , " wrote film critic Wendy Ide in UK paper The Times . "  You really , really do n't like women . " Misogyny could n't be further from the truth , according to Von Trier , who says he sees himself up there on the screen : "  I mostly see myself as the female character , " the 53-year-old director told CNN in Cannes . Do you think that Lars von Trier is a woman-hater ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box The director says that he shot the film as a form of therapy after recovering from a serious mental illness . Indeed , a few years ago , it was questionable whether von Trier , who is famously multi-phobic , would be able to make another film . In the winter of 2006 , he fell victim to depression and checked into hospital , the aftermath of which left him "  like a blank sheet of paper , " he told Danish paper Politiken at the time . Today , if not fully recovered -- the most terrifying thing he can think of is still "  myself " -- he is able to function once more and is receiving cognitive behavioral therapy to help him face up to his psychological issues . Despite , or perhaps because of , what he describes as his "  sensitive " nature , von Trier is one of today 's great contemporary European auteurs , considered responsible for spearheading a revival in the fortunes of Scandinavian filmmaking . "  I think that if you are , shall we say , sensitive , then there is a good side and a bad side about it , " said von Trier . "  The good side is that you can sometimes achieve something creatively . But , of course , it always also allows some of these negative thoughts in . " Watch Lars von Trier talking to CNN 's The Screening Room about "  Antichrist " " He has been nominated for the top prize at Cannes , the Palme D'Or , a staggering eight times , winning once in 2000 for the harrowing operatic tragedy , "  Dancer in the Dark , " starring Icelandic musician , Bjork , who also took home the Best Actress prize that year . It is rumored Bjork became so unhinged filming "  Dancer in the Dark " she ate her own cardigan . Von Trier claimed each morning she would say "  Mr von Trier , I despise you , " and spit at him . In pictures : The wierd world of Lars von Trier " Von Trier has a reputation for being tough on his actors . His friend and long-time collaborator , actor Stellan Skarsgard describes von Trier as "  not uncomplex . " "  I was scared , " admitted Gainsbourg who won Best Actress at Cannes for her performance . "  I had heard stories about him as a director ... maybe he 's cruel and vicious . " But she now describes him as her "  guide " and "  the greatest director I 've ever worked with . " Fueled by his unconventional approach and upbringing , the mythology surrounding von Trier looms large over everything he touches . Brought up in Copenhagen by bohemian parents who were committed nudists , he suffers from crippling bouts of agoraphobia ; and , most famously , a fear of flying . Each visit to Cannes involves a five-day road trip from Denmark to the French Riviera by camper van . He has an undeniable egotistical streak : this year at Cannes , he declared , "  I am the best filmmaker in the world , " and in 1991 , when displeased that Cannes jury president Roman Polanski had only awarded "  Europa " the runner-up Grand Prix prize , he called him a "  dwarf . " He also seems to actively court controversy : 1998 Palme D'Or contender "  Dogme # 2 : The Idiots " grabbed headlines for being the first commercial film to show non-simulated sex on screen , and for von Trier 's typically eccentric claim that the best way to prepare actors for sex scenes is to direct in the nude . But , von Trier says , he has always taken a deeply personal approach to the experimental , often dark and challenging works that he creates . He says he finds it difficult to know how to satisfy the needs of others with his films and so works only for himself . "  I feel very strongly for satisfying , maybe not my own needs , but my own idea of the film and the images that come from within , " he told CNN . "  If I did n't follow my instinct , then I ca n't work . "	Pornographic sex and visceral violence in "  Antichrist " shocked early audiences Von Trier was accused of misogyny but claims to identify with the female character "  Antichrist " stars Charlotte Gainsbourg and Willem Dafoe as a bereaved couple Von Trier 's "  The Idiots "  1998  was first mainstream film to show non-simulated sex
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A German-owned cargo ship was hijacked by pirates in the Gulf of Aden in waters near Somalia that have become notorious for pirate attacks . Pirates continue to attack shipping in the Gulf of Aden despite international naval patrols . The Antigua and Barbuda-flagged ship , named Victoria , was seized Tuesday and 11 Romanian crew members were being held captive , said Lt. Nate Christensen , a U.S. Navy Spokesman . Christensen said he did not know what cargo the ship was carrying . Piracy has been soaring off the coast of eastern Africa -- particularly Somalia , which has not had an effective government since 1991 . Somali pirates have defied foreign navies patrolling the waters and have collected large ransoms from shipping companies . Ransoms started out in the tens of thousands of dollars and have since climbed into the millions . Meanwhile , the head of a shipping company recently victimized by pirates off the Somali coast told lawmakers Tuesday that U.S. cargo crews should be allowed to arm themselves in response to the rising hijacking threat . Philip Shapiro , head of Liberty Maritime Corp. , told a U.S. Senate Commerce subcommittee that the owners of U.S.-flagged "  have done all they can within the law to protect our crews . " Unfortunately , he said , U.S. vessels are still largely at the mercy of pirates in shipping lanes around the heavily trafficked Gulf of Aden . "  In light of the recent threats to U.S. merchant mariners , we respectfully request that Congress consider clearing the obstacles that currently block ship owners from arming our vessels , " Shapiro said . Pirates unsuccessfully attempted to board the Liberty Sun , a cargo vessel owned by Shapiro 's company , near the Somali coast on April 14 . The ship was on a humanitarian relief mission at the time , carrying 47,000 tons of food to Mombassa , Kenya . Pirate leaders later said the attempted hijacking was carried out as revenge after the U.S. Navy killed three pirates involved in a failed attack on the cargo ship Maersk Alabama . The slain pirates were holding Capt. Richard Phillips , who was in charge of the Alabama when it was boarded April 8 . "  We 've heard some suggestions that U.S.-flagged ship owners have not done enough to protect their vessels , " Shapiro said . "  That view ... is flat wrong . Our company adopted every measure recommended by the international maritime organizations and required by the Coast Guard 's approved security plan for making the vessel a difficult piracy target -- and more . " CNN 's Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	Antigua and Barbuda-flagged ship , named Victoria , was seized Tuesday 11 Romanian crewmembers were being held captive Vessel taken in the Gulf of Aden in waters near Somalia Piracy has been soaring off the coast of eastern Africa
State College , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky insisted in an interview Monday he is "  innocent " of charges that he sexually abused young boys , denying to NBC 's Bob Costas that he 's a pedophile . In a telephone interview with NBC 's "  Rock Center With Brian Williams , " Sandusky admitted that some details in the graphic 23-page grand jury report released earlier this month are correct . "  I could say I have done some of those things , " he said . "  I have horsed around with kids I have showered  with  after workouts . I have hugged them , and I have touched their legs without intent of sexual contact . " Still , Sandusky claimed he has been falsely accused of crimes . When pressed , the 67-year-old Sandusky said the only thing he did wrong was having "  showered with those kids . " Costas asked directly : "  Are you sexually attracted to underage boys ? " Sandusky repeated the question , paused , and responded , "  No . I enjoy young people . " Asked if then-head football coach Joe Paterno had ever spoken to him about his behavior or expressed disapproval , Sandustry said simply , "  No . " And asked if he felt guilty over the spreading fallout that has affected the university and prominent university figures including the fired Paterno , Sandusky responded , "  I do n't think it was my fault . I obviously played a part in this ... I should n't have showered with those kids . That 's what hits me the most . " Sandusky 's lawyer , Joe Amendola , said Monday night that showering with children does not equate automatically to sexual assault . "  Jerry Sandusky is a big , overgrown kid . He 's a jock , " Amendola told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  The bottom line is jocks do that -- they kid around , they horse around . " Sandusky was arrested on November 5 , after the release of the grand jury report detailing alleged crimes that he committed between 1994 and 2009 . Some of those allegedly happened on Penn State 's campus , including one witnessed by then-graduate assistant coach Mike McQueary in 2002 . McQueary told Paterno what he had seen , and Paterno then alerted then-athletic director Tim Curley , but law enforcement did n't learn of the alleged incident until years later . In the interview with NBC 's Costas , Sandusky flatly denied that McQueary witnessed what has been described in some accounts as Sandusky 's rape of a young boy . He said instead that he and the boy were in the shower , "  snapping towels " and engaging in horseplay . Regarding the 2002 incident , Amendola said "  the kid was messing around and having a good time " in the shower with Sandusky , adding that McQueary felt "  uncomfortable " upon seeing it . He denied the more graphic details offered in that and other allegations , claiming that the prosecution 's case lacked sufficient evidence and witnesses . "  They have throwing everything they can throw up against the wall , " Amendola said of prosecutors ' case . " And they 're saying ,  out of  all these accusations , some of them have to be true . But when you take it apart , they do n't even have victims in several of their cases . " After Sandusky was charged this month with 40 counts of sexually abusing children , Judge Leslie Dutchcot freed him on $ 100,000 bail , against the wishes of prosecutors . A biography of Dutchcot posted on the website of the law firm Goodall & Yurchak lists her as a volunteer for Second Mile . It is not clear whether Dutchcot currently has any affiliation with the organization . CNN tried to contact the judge but has not received a response . School trustees fired university President Graham Spanier and Paterno last week on the heels of Sandusky 's arrest , while McQueary was put on administrative leave . And on Monday , in an indication of the scandal 's fallout spreading beyond Penn State , U.S. Navy spokeswoman Lt. Cmdr. Alana Garas said that the U.S. Navy secretary recommended that Spanier "  be removed from the board of advisers to the presidents of the Naval Postgraduate School and Naval War College . " Also on Monday , the board of directors for the charity that Sandusky founded -- Second Mile -- announced that its CEO had resigned . The CEO of 28 years , Jack Raykovitz , a licensed psychologist , "  and the board believe this is in the best interests of the organization . " David Woodle , the board 's vice chairman , will take over day-to-day operations . Saying that the "  safety and well-being of the children " is central to its mission , the board announced it will conduct an internal investigation and make "  recommendations regarding the organization 's future operations . We hope to have those findings by the end of December . " The organization vowed to cooperate fully with the state attorney general 's investigation . Sandusky molested young boys after developing close relationships with them through Second Mile , according to the grand jury report . The group said Sandusky has not been involved with its children since he told officials in November 2008 he was being investigated over "  allegations made against him by an adolescent male . " Sandusky and his wife were a host family through another charity , the New York-based Fresh Air Fund , which sends inner-city children to volunteer families and camps in non-urban locales , spokeswoman Andrea Kotuk said . She added that the charity is n't yet sure when the Sanduskys were hosts , saying workers there were reviewing records and cooperating with authorities in Pennsylvania . On November 7 -- two days after Sandusky 's arrest -- the ex-wife of Sandusky 's adopted son filed a petition for "  temporary emergency modification of custody , " according to a filing by the woman 's lawyer Justine F. Andronici . Jill Jones asked that her ex-husband , Matt Sandusky , "  not permit the children to be around Jerry Sandusky and that the children not be taken to Dorothy and Jerry Sandusky 's residence . " The document claims that Matt Sandusky took the children to his parents ' home on the day before the request was filed . The Sanduskys ' neighborhood has been affected as well , with the road to his home blocked off and private property signs up on his lawn after police said a cinder block was thrown through a window there . Prosecutors : Coach went from mentor to predator Since Sandusky was freed , an elementary school bordering his home has taken steps to ensure student safety . Sandusky 's backyard is next to the playground at Lemont Elementary School . When he was released on bail , Sandusky , the former Nittany Lions defensive coordinator , was told not to go near children . State College Area School District Superintendent Robert J. O'Donnell told The Patriot-News newspaper by e-mail that the school principal "  has taken additional administrative action to ensure our children are safe . " O'Donnell did n't say what steps were taken . On Sunday , Melissa and Carl Anderson , the parents of two little boys who live near the school , questioned why he was out on bail . "  It baffles my mind , " Melissa Anderson said . "  The presumption of innocence -- we all like to believe in that and we do in this country -- but I think there 's a level of protection that a neighborhood and community is entitled to , " Carl Anderson said . The Andersons were once such fans of the coach that they own an autographed , limited-edition copy of his book , "  Touched -- The Jerry Sandusky Story . " "  For me ... it alternates between anger and sadness , " Carl Anderson said of his sentiments now . "  It really is a loss of wholesale community innocence . " How Paterno can promote healing Curley and Senior Vice President for Finance and Business Gary Schultz have been charged with failing to report the abuse to authorities and misleading investigators . Prosecutors determined they had a legal duty to report the alleged abuse , but not McQueary and Paterno . On Monday , the Big Ten Conference announced that Paterno 's name is being pulled from the football championship trophy to be awarded next month at the conference 's first championship game in Indianapolis , Indiana . "  The trophy and its namesake are intended to be celebratory and aspirational , not controversial , " Big Ten Commissioner Jim Delany said in a statement . "  We believe that it 's important to keep the focus on the players and the teams that will be competing in the inaugural championship game . " The trophy was going to be named after both Paterno , the winningest coach in top-level college football history , and Amos Alonzo Stagg , a founder of the Big Ten . It will now be called the Stagg Championship Trophy . New Penn State President Rodney Erickson , meanwhile , tried to help his school move on Monday -- after a week that he said "  tested the character and resilience of the Penn State community . " In a statement on the school 's website , Erickson said he wanted to say "  how proud of I am " of the school . He cited a candlelight vigil for abuse victims that thousands took part in Friday night and the Penn State-Nebraska football game on Saturday , which included a moment of silence . "  Today , we are back to class and the business of running this university , " he wrote . "  Collectively , we need to show the nation and world that Penn State cares , and that Penn State is a community of individuals committed to moving forward with a shared sense of purpose . " CNN 's Mary Snow and Sarah Hoye reported from State College ; Josh Levs , Monte Plott and Dana Ford from Atlanta ; and Barbara Starr from Washington .	NEW : Sandusky says Paterno never discussed his behavior with him NEW : His lawyer says , "  Jerry Sandusky is a big , overgrown kid " and "  a jock " Sandusky admits to NBC , "  I have horsed around with kids I have showered " with The ex-coach tells Bob Costas that he 's not a pedophile and says he 's "  innocent "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Social networking , Martin Scorsese and cinema classics on demand : this is the enticing mix on offer at new movie Web site The Auteurs . The Auteurs mastermind Efe Cakarel  center  at Cannes with Celluloid Dreams ' Hengameh Panahi  left  and Martin Scorsese . The self-styled "  online cinematheque " allows users to watch art house films from directors like Michael Winterbottom , Francois Ozon and Walter Salles , while Facebook-style profile pages and discussion forums encourage movie debate . With their innovative approach , The Auteurs hope to introduce art house cinema to a whole new audience . Recently , The Auteurs announced a prestigious partnership with another more widely known auteur : Scorsese . The site is collaborating with Scorsese 's World Cinema Foundation  WCF  -- an organization dedicated to restoring lost cinema classics from around the world -- to exhibit the refurbished masterpieces online . The first four rescued works from Scorsese 's project are currently available to watch for free on The Auteurs Web site . Among them are Korean domestic thriller "  The Housemaid "  1960  and "  Transes "  1973  , a documentary about pioneering Moroccan band Nass El Ghiwan , famously described by Scorsese as "  the Rolling Stones of North Africa . " Watch a clip from "  The Housemaid " Watch a clip from "  Transes " "  It is really exciting and important to have Scorsese preserving the films he is preserving , " said one of the masterminds behind The Auteurs , Eduardo Costantini , over the phone from New York . "  As he said , it 's not only important to preserve , but to show -- and he chose The Auteurs because of our look and feel and our philosophy and concept . We are really proud . " The basic ambition behind The Auteurs is to make high quality cinema accessible to a young , global audience by making it available on demand cheaply . "  If you are not in LA , London , New York , San Francisco , Tokyo , Paris , or Berlin , forget it , " Efe Cakarel told CNN over the phone from Palo Alto , California . "  Many of these films you can not get even on DVD if you are living in Warsaw , in Istanbul , in Seoul or Buenos Aires . " The Auteurs is Cakarel 's brainchild : an ambitious former Goldman Sachs banker with a head for technology , he came up with the idea back in 2007 in Tokyo when , with some spare time on his hands , he tried to watch Wong Kar-wai 's "  In the Mood for Love " on the Internet . "  It was very simple . I went online and I did not find a place that I could use , " he says . He started writing his business plan there and then . Cakarel says he knew that if he was going to succeed in his quest to bring quality cinema to the global village he would have to enlist some of the industry 's top brass . Enter Argentine millionaire , Eduardo Costantini of Costa Films , the company behind 2007 Berlinale winner "  Elite Troop , " and Hengameh Panahi of Paris-based distributor Celluloid Dreams which represents films like Jacques Audiard 's "  A Prophet , " which won the Grand Prize at Cannes Film Festival this year . Costantini and Panahi have instilled the site with their film knowledge , and paved the way for the site 's other major collaboration with masters of the vintage re-release , the Criterion Collection . Each month , the Criterion Collection curates a free online film festival making available classic films from its large library on The Auteurs . This month , users can watch Michelangelo Antonioni 's 1960 classic "  L'Avventura " or "  Harakiri "  1962  by Japanese master Masaki Kobayashi . Of course , all this begs the question : is there really a big appetite for auteur-driven feature films outside the lofty but limited cinephile circles -- especially at a time when studio-driven blockbuster fodder like "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine " and "  Angels & Demons " dominate at the box office ? "  I want to create an entirely new audience for these films , " says Cakarel . "  Because the only thing people in much of the world are exposed to is "  Spiderman 3 " or "  Pirates of the Caribbean " in their local multiplex . " The Auteurs is one of a number of Web sites , like jaman.com , making previously hard-to-find films available on the Internet since the YouTube revolution paved the way for new ways of consuming video on the Web . The Auteurs ' particular niche is auteur-driven cinema combined with social networking : "  Putting the films online is only part of it . The moment you put the film in the existing conversation between people that know each other , then you create a platform for discovery . According to Cakarel , what sets the site apart from the others is quality : each film is individually encoded  compared to most sites , which batch encode films  for the Web which he says gives a higher quality of sound and vision than anywhere else on the Web . "  Being the best in the world has a huge premium and I know that we can be the best in the world , " said Cakarel . The site is cleanly designed , easy to navigate and you can pay to watch films like 1998 Dogme 95 classic "  Festen " by Danish director Thomas Vinterberg and "  The Corporation , "  2003  an unsettling examination of the pre-eminence of big business . Currently there are 200 films available to watch , some free , but mostly for around $ 5 . Costantini says he hopes to increase the number of films to 1,000 . Despite the unabashedly highbrow aims of the site , both Cakarel and Costantini realize they will need to include more commercial fare if they want to increase membership of the site which currently stands at around 80,000 . "  It is important we start getting some major films , " said Costantini . "  Not only treasures that Scorsese restores but also some films that are more commercial . " Cakarel says he would love to host quality studio films like the Coen 's "  No Country for Old Men , " Oscar-winner "  There Will be Blood , " and Tarantino 's "  Inglourious Basterds . " But there are limits : "  I will never put a mainstream film that is purely for entertainment ; that has no soul on the site . "  You will never see ` Knocked Up ' or ` Spiderman 3 . ' "	Scorsese collaborates with Web site The Auteurs to put restored films online free The movie masterpieces were restored by Scorsese 's World Cinema Foundation They include Korean film "  The Housemaid " and Moroccan documentary "  Transes " The Auteurs is an innovative mix of social networking and video on demand
CNN  -- A former prison guard responsible for leaking videos purportedly showing the abuse of prisoners at a penitentiary in the former Soviet republic of Georgia said Friday that he witnessed such torture on a daily basis since 2005 . "  While working in prison , I used to witness beating of prisoners , torture of prisoners , humiliation of prisoners on an everyday basis , " Vladimir Bedukadze told CNN . The acts were recorded in four videos that were made public this week and show prisoners being physically and sexually assaulted , humiliated and verbally abused by prison officers . Purported prison abuse videos prompt outrage in Georgia Bedukadze left the country three months ago and is now seeking political asylum in Belgium in the wake of the tapes ' release . Georgia television stations , including TV9 , broadcast the videos Tuesday night . The faces of those being filmed were obscured . One man cries out while he is being raped with a broom handle . Another video shows an inmate being punched . Bedukadze slammed the administration of President Mikheil Saakashvili , accusing the leader of allowing a "  campaign of torture , humiliation " under former Interior Minister Bacho Akhalaia . "  I have been working in the system since 2001 , but since 2005 when Akhalaia was put in charge , he introduced his criminal elements of leadership , " Bedukadze said . Akhalaia resigned his post Thursday after the videos ' release prompted outrage both inside and outside the Eurasian country . Georgia 's minister of corrections and legal assistance has also stepped down . And Saaskashvili himself condemned the abuse , saying Wednesday that what occurred at Gldani No. 8 penitentiary in Tbilisi is "  a horrific affront to human rights and human dignity . " Bedukadze said he had been collecting the footage for more than a year . "  When I realized that I could not take it any more , I decided to reveal it and depart for Europe , " he said , calling for Saakashvili to resign and accusing the president of establishing "  a criminal government with the leadership of Akhalaia . " His comments echo a key allegation made by Georgia 's opposition , which says senior government officials sanctioned the abuse . Saakashvili has said an active investigation is under way into those responsible , with some arrests already taking place . The country 's interior ministry on Tuesday blamed certain prison employees for the degrading treatment . The ministry said a prisoner at the facility offered "  substantial reimbursement " to employees for their actions and the video recordings . Its statement did not elaborate on the prisoner 's motivation . The interior ministry identified that prisoner as Tamaz Tamazashvili , father-in-law of Irlakli Garibashvili , a member of the opposition Georgian Dream party . Garibashvili said Tamazashvili 's life was in danger and that he was being held "  hostage " by the president . Tamazashvili had nothing to do with the taped incidents , Garibashvili said . Bedukadze insisted that he has no political motivations for releasing the videos , and said he is not affiliated with any political party . "  They made up a lie that I was paid by the opposition leader ... and meant to use it to benefit the opposition . This was not my goal . I left the country independently , " he said . Meanwhile Friday , the United Nations added its voice to a chorus of condemnation over the abuse . The Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights called on the Georgia government to ensure that these allegations are "  promptly , impartially and effectively investigated and that perpetrators are brought to justice , " spokesman Rupert Colville said . "  We condemn the acts of torture and ill-treatment perpetrated against inmates at a prison and a juvenile detention facility in Georgia , " Colville added . He said the victims must have access to medical and psychological support . Interim Interior Minister Eka Zghuladze said that the country has built strong state institutions over the years and that all torture will be eradicated . The country 's prisons were notoriously corrupt places where organized crime ruled , but those days are over , she said , citing personal experience . "  I allow myself to state this , as 18 years ago , I myself was the victim of police violence , and therefore , I am fully aware of my words and situation that we have in Georgia today , " Zghuladze said . Torture is absolutely prohibited under human rights law , Colville said in Geneva , and Georgia has ratified the United Nations Convention Against Torture . He praised the condemnation of the videos by Georgia 's president and urged the government to stand by its promise to investigate all alleged human rights abuses , not just the ones exposed this week . Read more about Human Rights Watch on CNN NuNu Japaridze contributed to this report .	NEW : Guard who says he taped the abuse speaks to CNN Videos released this week purportedly show abuse at a prison , juvenile detention facility The U.N. asks Georgia to investigate all allegations of human rights abuses Georgia 's interim interior minister says torture in the country will be eradicated
CNN  Residents of central Sanaa , the Yemeni capital , have learned the hard way that key strategic bombing targets are located in their neighborhoods : Detonating ordnance has been shattering their windows and doors . And fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks . The Saudi-led coalition smashed parts of Yemen 's Defense Ministry Central Command in the capital over the weekend , senior Yemeni officials said . Under the rain of coalition bombs , the Houthis , who are Shiites in a majority Sunni country , still control Sanaa . But the airstrikes have hurt them and destroyed a lot of infrastructure . The electricity has gone out on 16 million Yemenis living in Houthi-held areas , the Yemeni officials said . Many fear they will lose access to clean water as well . Yemen 's deposed President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi heaped scorn on top of the airstrikes . He fired his former Army chief of staff , Hussein Khairan , on Sunday . The firing had no practical effect , since Khairan had switched sides weeks ago and is the Houthi rebels ' acting defense minister . Hadi is holed up in Saudi Arabia , which is working to defeat his enemies and reinstall him . Fighting has ended dozens of lives each day . On Monday , more than 50 people died in the port city of Aden alone , where Houthis and their allies are battling troops loyal to Hadi on the ground , Agence France-Press reported . Since the bombing campaign and intense fighting began just over a week ago , some 600 people are estimated to have been killed . Many more have been wounded , and tens of thousands have fled the country . The International Committee of the Red Cross has cried out for a humanitarian ceasefire to let aid in . "  Otherwise , put starkly , many more people will die . For the wounded , their chances of survival depend on action within hours , not days , " said Robert Mardini , the ICRC 's head of operations in the Near and Middle East . "  Medical supplies need to be here yesterday , " said ICRC spokeswoman Marie-Claire Feghali from Sanaa . "  We need to save the lives that can be saved . " Saudi Arabia signed off on letting the ICRC into Yemen via two aircraft -- one with medical supplies , the other with workers . But flying in will be hard , since most airlines have canceled their flights , and airstrikes have taken out many airfields . On Monday , the flight loaded with 48 tons of medical supplies was grounded in Djibouti , Feghali said . The ICRC is hoping to fly out in a day or two . Following the ICRC 's call , on Saturday the U.N. Security Council discussed the humanitarian situation at Russia 's behest . Moscow submitted a draft resolution calling for a halt to the airstrikes by the nine-country regional coalition . The meeting adjourned with no decision announced . One diplomat said the draft was missing key elements . It did n't call for the Houthis to stop fighting or for political talks between the belligerents , the diplomat told CNN on condition of anonymity . Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels -- who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- forced Hadi from power . The Houthis put Hadi under house arrest when they overtook Sanaa in January . But Hadi escaped in February , fled to Aden and declared himself to still be president . Houthis and their allies , including those loyal to Hadi 's predecessor , then fought Hadi 's forces in the Aden area . Hadi fled Aden in late March , ultimately for Saudi Arabia , when the rebels and their military allies advanced on the city . The conflict prompted Saudi Arabia , a predominately Sunni nation and Yemen 's northern neighbor , and other Arab nations to intervene with force . The Houthis are allied with Iran , Saudi Arabia 's bitter rival across the Persian Gulf , and Riyadh does not want an proxy of Iran in power on its border . Complicating matters in Yemen is the fact that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula -- not the Houthis or the forces loyal to Hadi -- holds sway in the country 's east . AQAP is considered one of the most ruthless branches of the terrorist organization . It has taken advantage of the chaos to overrun one city and break prisoners out of jail . Hadi 's government had cooperated with the United States to fight AQAP , but with the Houthi takeover , that arrangement has evaporated , and the terror group operates generally unchecked .	Bombing of targets in central Sanaa smashes residents ' windows and doors Hundreds killed in less than two weeks ; humanitarian situation desperate , agencies say
CNN  -- You probably never met Harry Stamps . I never met him either . And , sadly , now he 's gone . Harry left this world last Saturday . He was 80 . Of course , there 's no real reason why any of us should know Harry . He 's just some guy from Long Beach , Mississippi . Though I say that with complete reverence . "  Just some guy " is usually the one who helps you fix the lawn mower . Or looks after your dog . Or loans you his truck so you can go to Costco and buy 80 cases of pudding and maybe some lobster dip . I have needs . A truck would be helpful . But while most of the world never got to meet the man , now , thanks to the Internet , countless thousands know his name . And it 's all because of one of the greatest obituaries ever written . When Amanda Lewis sat down to eulogize her father there was no way she 'd know her words would go viral . Generally speaking , obituaries do n't get wildly passed around online , for they tend to lack cats . Which Harry hated . "  He would n't know what going viral means , "  Amanda told the local Sun Herald newspaper . "  He would have thought that was a disease he contracted , which would have excited him to have another illness to lord over folks . " After all , Harry never lost in "  competitive sickness . " So , Amanda 's humorous and touching obit for her dad quickly spread throughout Facebook and other social media sites , and readers were treated to wonderful sentiments about the man she described as a foodie and a natty dresser . To this first point -- that of him being a foodie -- Amanda notes his membership in the Bacon of the Month Club . The fact that this even exists should give us all hope . On the other hand , Harry also loved a martini glass filled with buttermilk , garnished with a chunk of cornbread , which does seem rather weird . This , says the guy who eats dry Ramen noodles . Weird or not , Amanda added that , "  As a point of pride , he purported to remember every meal he had eaten in his 80 years of life . " And when it came to style , there was n't a runway in the world that would have him . Unless it was , say , an actual runway . "  His signature everyday look was all his : A plain pocketed T-shirt designed by the fashion house Fruit of the Loom ... his black-label elastic waist shorts worn above the navel and sold exclusively at the Sam 's on Highway 49 . " But most importantly , Harry loved his grass-stained Mississippi State University baseball cap . It was kind of his thing . And , somehow , when you look back on a man 's life , that just sounds way better than , "  Yeah , Dad was really into Brooks Brothers . " Not that there 's anything wrong with Brooks Brothers -- there is n't -- but it 's sort of funny how , in the end , something like that grass-stained MSU baseball cap seems to matter . So long as it 's not too gross . "  Ol' Wilbur wore that very same undershirt for 60 straight years . Never washed it . You could smell him from Tucson . " Yes , just like that hat , Harry enjoyed the simple things in life , and he had incredible wanderlust for the natural world around him . Amanda wrote that her dad traveled extensively . "  He only stayed in the finest quality AAA-rated campgrounds , " the obit reads . "  Many years later he purchased a used pop-up camper for his family to travel in style , which spoiled his daughters for life . " But there were things that Harry did n't like . Besides cats , he also could n't stand "  Law & Order , " Martha Stewart , and daylight saving time . To the latter , Amanda made sure to point out , "  It is not lost on his family that he died the very day that he would have had to spring his clock forward . This can only be viewed as his final protest . " The whole obituary is filled with little gems like these , and there 's nothing I can write here that will do it any justice . You simply need to read it for yourself . It 's brilliant . When I emailed Amanda asking for photos of her dad , she wrote me back and said , "  This whole thing is surreal . My dad was the most authentic person I have ever known . It tickles me that this Every Man has resonated with so many people . " And at the obituary 's conclusion , Amanda hoped her Every Man father could resonate , perhaps , a little more . It ends with a plea . "  Finally , the family asks that in honor of Harry that you write your Congressman and ask for the repeal of Daylight Saving Time . Harry wanted everyone to get back on the Lord 's time . " Of course , Washington politicians probably wo n't listen to any protests in Harry 's name . He was just some guy from Long Beach , Mississippi . -LSB- Click here to read the full obituary . -RSB-	Harry Stamps passed away on Saturday , March 9 His daughter wrote an obituary that went viral Obituary : Harry never lost in "  competitive sickness . " Harry hated daylight saving time
CNN  -- Five people remained in the hospital -- one in critical condition -- two days after a commuter train derailed and struck another train on one of the busiest tracks in the country , officials said Sunday . National Transportation Safety Board investigators looking at the accident , along the corridor from New York to New Haven , Connecticut , are focusing on a broken rail as a possible cause for Friday 's rush-hour collision . "  All of our teams have been working around the clock to gather information and facts that will help us determine what caused this accident and what we can do to prevent it from happening again , Earl Weener of the NTSB told reporters Sunday . For now , a long stretch of track that more than 30,000 passengers use daily will be shut down . That includes Metro-North service for a 30-mile stretch between New Haven and South Norwalk , Connecticut , and Amtrak service between New York and New Haven . Amtrak released a statement Sunday night saying that service between Boston and New Haven also would be limited , and "  there is no estimate on service restoration . " Because of that inconvenience , Amtrak said passengers who "  have paid but choose not to travel due to this service disruption can receive a refund or a voucher for future travel . " Investigators have ruled out foul play in the crash , which injured more than 70 people . Cindy Nunes and John Cappiello , spokespeople for Bridgeport Hospital in Connecticut , said three patients were still there Sunday -- one person in critical condition and two listed as stable . Two patients remained at St. Vincent 's Medical Center in Bridgeport , both in good condition , spokeswoman Lucinda Ames said . By Sunday afternoon , all the rail cars had been removed from the accident site , said Weener . Two segments of rail in the area of the fracture also had been removed and are being sent to a laboratory for analysis , he said . None of the cars flipped over when the two trains collided , but many cars were heavily damaged . Some had gaping holes where doors had been . Deep scrape marks were easily visible where one train sideswiped the other . Investigators will look at the trains ' braking performances , wheel and track conditions , and speed and other information from data recorders , Weener said . In addition to the trains , investigators also are examining the actions of the crews . He said the track could have been broken by the accident or could have been fractured before the trains collided . This accident involved commuter rail cars built to new codes , he said Sunday . "  This gives us a chance to see how effective the new standards are , " he told CNN . The two tracks will have to be repaired before they can be reopened . "  Our crews will essentially be rebuilding 2,000 feet of damaged track and overhead wires and signal system , " Metro-North Railroad President Howard Permut said in a statement . Because of a bridge replacement project , those two tracks are the only way in and out of New York City by train from that part of Connecticut . Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said the state would set up a system to take Metro-North patrons from Bridgeport to the closest operable station , in South Norwalk , during the shutdown . The city of Fairfield , which has three affected train stations , sent out a message telling commuters there will not be enough extra buses to handle normal passenger volume on Monday . It encouraged people to consider staying home . ` Everybody was doing what they could ' Daniel Solomon , a trauma surgeon , was in the front car and barely felt the crash when it happened . He did n't understand the severity of the situation at first . "  But when I reached the back of the car , I realized that the damage was a lot more severe , and people were filing out of the middle car pretty badly bloodied , " he told CNN on Sunday . His medical training kicked in as he helped an injured woman off the tracks and attended to others . Solomon said his fellow commuters remained calm and were eager to lend a hand . "  I think everybody 's Good Samaritan instinct took effect , and everybody was doing what they could , " he said . ` Absolutely staggering ' damage The damage to the tracks and several train cars is "  absolutely staggering , " said Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut , who visited the site with other officials Saturday . Wreckage littered an area of about 200 yards . "  Ribbons of the sides of cars are torn away like ribbons of cloth , " the senator said . "  Tons of metal tossed around like toy things . The insides of cars are shattered . " The two Metro-North passenger trains , heading in opposite directions , collided Friday evening in southwestern Connecticut . The train heading from New York City to New Haven derailed around 6:10 p.m. and struck the other train in Bridgeport , Connecticut , Weener said Saturday . Both trains were traveling at about 70 mph immediately before the crash . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Susan Candiotti , Chris Welch , Rob Frehse , Chris Welch , AnneClaire Stapleton , Jason Hanna , Jordana Ossad , and Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I think everybody 's Good Samaritan instinct took effect , " a passenger tells CNN One patient is in critical condition , four others remain hospitalized One city warns commuters to plan for a long day or stay home Monday Investigators are focusing on a broken rail but do n't suspect foul play
CNN  -- They call her the Queen of the Pacific . Sandra Avila Beltran 's name stands out on the list of accused leaders of Mexico 's male-dominated drug trade . The 52-year-old 's life is the subject of a best-selling book and a popular ballad . And she made headlines two years ago when Mexican authorities said they were investigating a tip that she had received Botox treatments in prison . This week Avila -- one of the most well-known women accused of ties with Mexico 's drug trade -- pleaded guilty in a Florida court to a charge connected to a cocaine trafficking case . She faces up to 15 years in U.S. prison after pleading guilty to being an accessory after the fact , according to an agreement filed in federal court this week . A sentencing hearing in the case is scheduled for July 25 . "  It is a fair resolution in light of the actual circumstances . ... she is happy with the results and hopes to be able to reunite with her family soon , " attorney Stephen Ralls told Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency . Avila was first arrested in Mexico City on September 28 , 2007 , smiling before cameras as authorities trumpeted her detention . Mexico 's case against her drew widespread attention as it made its way through the nation 's courts . In 2011 , authorities in Mexico City said they were investigating a tip that prison medical personnel had allowed a doctor to give Avila a Botox injection , an accusation that Avila denied , according to Notimex . Authorities extradited her last year to the United States , where she was accused of conspiring to smuggle cocaine along with Juan Diego Espinosa Ramirez , a Colombian national who was also known as "  The Tiger . " Avila denied the charges . And despite the high-profile accusations against her , authorities have not convicted Avila of any drug-trafficking crimes . A Mexican judge convicted her on money laundering charges but ruled that Mexican prosecutors had n't provided enough evidence to convict her of drug trafficking . And U.S. prosecutors dropped the cocaine trafficking conspiracy charge against her as part of this week 's plea deal . A document signed by Avila as part of the plea agreement in U.S. federal court says she provided "  financial assistance for travel , lodging and other expenses " to Espinosa from 2002 to 2004 "  with the intention of preventing or hindering his arrest for his drug trafficking crimes . " Prosecutors have said Avila was once a key drug trafficking link between Colombia and Mexico . And a 2008 U.S. Congressional Research Service report described her as "  a senior member of the Sinaloa cartel who was instrumental " in building ties with Colombian traffickers . A popular ballad about her sung by the band Los Tigres del Norte , titled "  The Queen of Queens , " describes her 2007 arrest alongside Espinosa . "  The more beautiful the rose , " one line in the song says , "  the sharper the thorns . " A U.S. judge sentenced Espinosa to six years in prison after he pleaded guilty to a cocaine distribution conspiracy charge in 2009 . In an interview with Anderson Cooper that aired on "  60 Minutes " and CNN that year , Avila denied the charges against her and blamed Mexico 's government for allowing drug trafficking to flourish . "  In Mexico there 's a lot of corruption , a lot . Large shipments of drugs can come into the Mexican ports or airports without the authorities knowing about it . It 's obvious and logical , " she said . "  The government has to be involved in everything that is corrupt . " CNN 's Rafael Romo and Michelle Hall contributed to this report .	Sandra Avila Beltran pleads guilty to being an accessory after the fact Her attorney says the "  Queen of the Pacific " hopes to reunite with family soon She has been accused of drug trafficking but never convicted Avila has repeatedly denied drug charges against her
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani government convened a meeting on Monday of nearly all of the country 's political parties , in an effort to consolidate broad national support for its military operation to crush Taliban militants in Pakistan 's northwestern Swat Valley . Pakistani civilians flee to camps for the internally displaced in Mardan district on May 15 , 2009 . The leaders of 42 political parties were expected to attend the All Party Congress in Islamabad , the capital . Meanwhile , fierce fighting continued in Swat on Monday -- 27 Taliban fighters were killed , including three commanders , along with three Pakistani soldiers , said Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas , a spokesman for the Pakistani military . In a separate move to pressure the Taliban , hundreds of Muslim clerics gathered in Islamabad on Sunday to issue a unanimous declaration that denounced the militants ' violent tactics . "  Suicide attacks and beheading is haram , " the resolution said . "  Haram " means forbidden according to Islam . National consensus is critical for the military offensive to succeed , said a senior foreign diplomat stationed in Islamabad . Speaking on condition of anonymity , the diplomat singled out Mian Mohammed Nawaz Sharif , leader of the PML-N party and the most powerful political rival to Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , as saying that without Sharif 's support , the anti-Taliban campaign would be doomed . Sharif was at Monday 's All Party Congress . The Pakistani military mounted its first assault on al Qaeda and its Taliban allies in tribal areas along Pakistan 's mountainous border with Afghanistan in 2004 . There have since been a number of military offensives against the Taliban , with questionable results . The attacks have displaced hundreds of thousands of Pakistanis and done considerable damage to homes and infrastructure . The Taliban has extended its area of control from the border all the way to the district of Buner , just 100 kilometers  60 miles  from the Pakistani capital . The military attacked Taliban fighters in Buner late last month . As of Sunday , troops were still battling to dislodge insurgents from parts of Buner , according to Pakistani military spokesmen . The top U.S. military commander told the Senate Armed Services Committee last week that it was too early to pass judgment on Pakistan 's most recent military offensive . "  My biggest question about these operations is their ability to sustain them over time , " said Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . "  Historically , they have n't done that . " The United Nations says the fighting has forced more than 1 million Pakistanis to flee their homes in the northwest of the country since May 2 . Prime Minister Yusuf Reza Gilani , addressing the All Party Congress on Monday , said , "  The army will remain in these areas until the displaced people can return to their homes , and until peace is established . "	Government convenes a meeting of nearly all of the country 's political parties Meeting aims to consolidate support for its operation to crush Taliban militants Government troops have battled Taliban in Pakistan 's northwestern Swat Valley Hundreds of Muslim clerics gather in Islamabad to denounce militants ' violent tactics
CNN  -- Storm-related power outages hit across the Northeast , leaving some chopping breadcrumbs by flashlight , cooking turkeys on the grill and watching Netflix on phones . Many New Englanders were without power -- but this was nothing new for the region . Tens of thousands spent Thanksgiving just as others did in New England when Turkey Day was first observed in the 17th century : without electricity . In New Hampshire , more than 133,000 customers were still without power early Friday . "  They 're saying it will be a multiday event , " said Fallon Reed , the assistant operations chief for the New Hampshire Division of Homeland Security & Emergency Management . In Maine , there were as many as 110,000 customers without electricity on Thanksgiving morning , but milder Turkey Day temperatures allowed for workers to cut that number down by more than two thirds by night 's end . Central Maine Power Co. reported that less than 32,000 customers had no power , while Emera , the state 's second-largest utility company , reported that less than 1,000 customers were without electricity after a Wednesday nor'easter dumped more than a foot of snow across a dozen Maine cities , WMTW reported . "  Heavy , wet snow brought down power lines and tree limbs interrupting service to thousands of people throughout Maine , " Emera posted on its website . "  Crews will remain in the field through the overnight hours and into Friday until all customers are fully restored . " Despite the setback , the heartiest of New Englanders would n't let the lack of electricity prevent them from enjoying the heartiest of meals . Lots of Mainers took to Twitter either to poke fun at or moan about the weather . Most showed remarkable resilience and seemed reluctant to let the weather ruin the holiday . "  Power is out at parents house in Maine , so my mom is chopping breadcrumbs with a flashlight , " Brooklyn copy editor Kelly Gordon tweeted . She later told CNN that the meal turned out perfectly . "  My mom would never let no lights  or  no heat keep her from Thanksgiving prep work , " she said . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Teri Genova contributed to this report .	New Hampshire hardest hit by outages : more than 133,000 still without power Friday More than 100,000 in Maine had no power for Thanksgiving "  My mom is chopping breadcrumbs with a flashlight , " Maine resident tweeted
CNN  -- As wars become increasingly automated , we must ask ourselves how far we want to delegate responsibility to machines . Where do we want to draw the line ? Weapons systems have been evolving for millennia and there have always been attempts to resist them . But does that mean that we should just sit back and accept our fate and hand over the ultimate responsibility for killing to machines ? Over the last few months there has been an increasing debate about the use of fully autonomous robot weapons : armed robots that once launched can select their own targets and kill them without further human intervention . Some have argued that robots could be more accurate on the battlefield than human soldiers and save more civilian lives . But this is speculation based on assumptions about future developments of computer hardware and software . It is no more than "  hopeware " -- since the 1950s , Artificial Intelligence has moved at a snail 's pace compared to what proponents have predicted . Others argue that even if robots could be more accurate under some restricted circumstances at some unknown time in the future , we just should n't grant machines the decision about who lives or dies . At this point , we can not rely on machines having the independent facility to conform to international law . Current sensing systems are not up to the task . And even if machines had adequate sensing mechanisms they would still be missing the vital components of battlefield awareness and common sense reasoning to make decisions about who and when it is appropriate to kill . Robots do not have the agency to decide if striking a target is proportional to the expected military advantage . There is no metric for this . Much of war is art and not science . A military commander must make a qualitative decision about the number of civilian lives that can be risked for a particular military objective . And that commander can be held accountable . A robot does n't have the moral agency to be held accountable . Some would argue that the commander who sends a robot on a mission would be responsible  last point of contact  . But that could be unfair since it could be the fault of the mission programmer , the manufacturer or one of dozens of little companies providing components . Maybe it should be the senior staff or policy makers who had the idea to use robots . Or the device could have been tampered with in the industrial supply chain or even damaged in action . Forensics are extremely difficult with such complex devices . Yet a recent U.S. DoD directive  November 2012  gives a green light to research and development of autonomous weapons systems while presenting a cautious route to their deployment . This is borne from a culmination of U.S. military road maps dating back to 2002 and it is a bad move . It sends the wrong message to other nations . As the most militarily advanced nation on the planet , the U.S. has the opportunity to take the take the lead in halting these developments . Thanks to the U.S. 's use of drones , more than 70 other countries have acquired the technology in a new arms race . It is simply blinkered to think that they will not follow suit with autonomous weapons . Is anyone thinking about how an adaptive enemy will exploit the weaknesses of robot weapons with spoofing , hacking or misdirection ? Is anyone considering how unknown computer programs will interact when swarms of robots meet ? Is anyone considering how autonomous weapons could destabilize world security and trigger unintentional wars ? In April this year in London , a group of prominent NGOs will launch a large civil society campaign to "  Stop Killer Robots . " They are seeking a new legally binding preemptive international treaty to prohibit the development and deployment of fully autonomous robot weapons . The aim is to stop these weapons getting into the arsenals of the world 's militaries while there is still an opportunity . Once there has been large national investments in the technology , it may be too late . Do you think autonomous robot weapons should be outlawed ? Leave your comments below . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Noel Sharkey .	UK robotics professor leading calls for a worldwide ban on autonomous weapons We ca n't rely on robots to conform to international law , says Noel Sharkey Sharkey is chairman of and NGO leading a campaign to "  Stop Killer Robots " Autonomous robots could destabilize world security and trigger unintentional wars
Johannesburg  CNN  -- Miffed by a visa delay that led the Dalai Lama to cancel a trip to South Africa , Archbishop Desmond Tutu lashed out at his government Tuesday , saying it had acted worse than apartheid regimes and had forgotten all that the nation stood for . "  When we used to apply for passports under the apartheid government , we never knew until the last moment what their decision was , " Tutu said at a news conference . "  Our government is worse than the apartheid government because at least you were expecting it from the apartheid government . "  I have to say that I ca n't believe this . I really ca n't believe this , " Tutu said . "  You have to wake me up and tell me this is actually happening here . " The Dalai Lama scrapped his planned trip to South Africa this week after the nation failed to issue him a visa in time , his spokesman said . Visa applications for him and his entourage were submitted to the South African High Commission in New Delhi , India , at the end of August , and original passports were submitted on September 20 , more than two weeks ago , a statement on his website said . However , South Africa 's foreign affairs office said it did not refuse a visa . "  South Africa will not comment on the decision , because it is not our decision , it is his decision , " according to spokesman Clayson Monyela , who said the visa application was still under consideration . The Dalai Lama had been invited to the country to receive the Mahatma Gandhi International Award for Peace and Reconciliation and to speak at a number of events , including a lecture in honor of Tutu 's 80th birthday . Tutu and the Dalai Lama are recipients of the Nobel Peace Prize . Tutu said he would pray for the defeat of South Africa 's government , led by the African National Congress  ANC  , which is rooted in the fight against the system of apartheid , or legal racial separation , that was present in South Africa until 1994 . "  You are disgraceful , " Tutu said about the government . "  You are behaving in a way that is totally at variance with the things for which we stood . " The ANC plans to call on government officials to explain to South Africans why the visa process was delayed , spokesman Jackson Mtembu said . He said everyone was in the dark about this matter . But he also suggested that Tutu calm down . A comparison to apartheid regimes , he said , was unfair . This is not the first time the Dalai Lama has not been able to visit South Africa . In 2009 , South Africa refused the Tibetan spiritual leader a visa to attend an international peace conference , saying it was not in the country 's interest for him to attend . In refusing the 2009 application , South Africa said that if the Dalai Lama attended the conference , the focus would shift away from the 2010 World Cup , the global soccer championship it was hosting . "  We can not allow focus to shift to China and Tibet , " presidential spokesman Thabo Masebe said , adding that South Africa had gained much from its trading relationship with China . The Dalai Lama fled Tibet in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule , and China pressures governments around the world to deny him any legitimacy . Speculation surfaced Tuesday that this year 's visit was also affected by South Africa 's relationship with China . South African Vice President Kgalema Motlanthe visited Beijing last week and met with Chinese President Hu Jintao to discuss bolstering bilateral ties . Motlanthe said South Africa was ready to boost the strategic partnership between the two countries to a new stage , according to the official Chinese news agency Xinhua . But Monyela said the application had nothing to do with China . "  We are a sovereign nation which takes decisions in our domestic interest , " Monyela said . The Dalai Lama posted a message on Twitter last week that said : "  Even if the Chinese leave nothing but ashes , Tibet will rise from these ashes as a free country even if it takes a long time to do so . " Kim Norgaard , CNN 's Johannesburg bureau chief , contributed to this report .	NEW : The African National Congress says Desmond Tutu should calm down Tutu says the government is acting worse than apartheid regime The Dalai Lama says South Africa did not issue a visa on time He was denied a visa to South Africa in 2009
CNN  -- The United States ' national soccer team has pulled out of a planned friendly match in Cairo next month due to the political instability in Egypt . Coach Bob Bradley 's side was scheduled to play the six-time African champions on February 9 , but will now be without a fixture on that date . "  We were excited about the opportunity to play against Egypt , but due to the current situation all parties agreed it was best to cancel the match , " U.S. Soccer president Sunil Gulati told his federation 's website on Monday . "  We appreciate the efforts of the Egyptian Football Association and the U.S. State Department as we worked through this situation . " The U.S. began 2011 with a 1-1 draw against Chile this month , and will again face South American opposition in March . Argentina , twice a World Cup winner , will visit East Rutherford in New Jersey on March 26 while Paraguay will play at LP Field in Nashville three days later . The matches are in preparation for the CONCACAF Gold Cup to be held in the U.S. in June , which features 12 nations from North America , Central America and the Caribbean . Anti-government protesters have been demonstrating for the past week against Egypt 's President Hosni Mubarak , who has ruled for three decades . The U.S. has sent a team of heavily-armed Marine Corps security personnel the American Embassy in Cairo to provide additional security for the facility .	The U.S. team had been scheduled to play Egypt in Cairo on February 9 But the U.S. Soccer Federation decides against traveling due to unrest there Bob Bradley 's team will host Argentina and Paraguay in friendly matches in March U.S. will stage 12-nation CONCACAF Gold Cup tournament in June
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Six Zimbabweans arrested last year for watching footage of the Arab Spring protests were found guilty Monday of conspiracy to commit public violence . The men face six to 10 years in prison or a $ 2,000 fine when they are sentenced in a Harare court Tuesday . They were among 46 people arrested on February 19 , 2011 , during an academic meeting where a video on events in Tunisia and Egypt was shown . "  I am very disappointed that they were found guilty , " defense lawyer Alec Muchadehama said after hearing the verdict . Rights activist Munyaradzi Gwisai said the verdict was "  not surprising . " "  We are not deterred , " Gwisai said . "  We are not intimidated . " Police released 40 of the attendees , but charged the rest with treason or attempt to overthrow the government by unconstitutional means . Those charges were altered to conspiracy to commit public violence . The government has said the six were plotting an Egyptian-style uprising in the southern African country . Critics have called the charges politically motivated . The defendants were allegedly watching video footage of protests that led to the ouster of Presidents Zine El Abidine Ben Ali of Tunisia and Hosni Mubarak of Egypt . Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe , 87 , is not unlike the toppled leaders . He has ruled Zimbabwe since independence in 1980 and has been accused of rigging elections and instituting repressive laws to tighten his grip on power . The arrests may be an indication authorities are worried the winds of change sweeping across North Africa may inspire Zimbabweans to rise up , too . The opposition Movement for Democratic Change , MDC , which is in a troubled unity government with Mugabe 's ZANU-PF , has called the arrests "  an abuse of state machinery by ZANU-PF to suppress the people 's views . " Mugabe has called for new elections but his political rival and leader of the MDC , Morgan Tsvangirai , has threatened to boycott the poll if a referendum on a new constitution is not held . In an interview with CNN , Tsvangirai called Monday 's judgment "  very , very unfortunate . One thing I would say is it 's totally uncalled for . " Asked whether an Arab Spring-type movement is needed in Zimbabwe , he said , "  Now we are on another path of negotiation and setting up a transitional government and having elections -- there 's no need for it . " CNN 's Zain Verjee and Journalist Columbus S. Mavhunga contributed to this report .	"  We are not deterred . We are not intimidated , " rights activist says Forty six people were arrested for watching a video on Egypt and Tunisia protests Critics have called the charges politically motivated Robert Mugabe has ruled Zimbabwe since 1980
CNN  -- Do you prefer to get a text message or a phone call if someone wants to reach you on your cell phone ? According to a new study from the Pew Internet and American Life Project , 31 % of American adults prefer text messages to phone calls . An additional 14 % said the contact method they prefer depends on the situation . To put this in perspective , most Americans  but just barely : 53 %  still generally prefer to get voice calls rather than text messages . Also , Pew notes that 4 % of cell owners do not make or receive any voice calls on an average day . And 27 % of cell owners do not use text messaging , even occasionally . Not surprisingly , younger adults are especially likely to use texting . According to Pew , "  Cell owners between the ages of 18 and 24 exchange an average of 109.5 messages on a normal day -- more than 3,200 texts per month . And the typical or median cell owner in this age group sends or receives 50 messages per day  or 1500 messages per month  . " Also , the rate of texting for 18 - to 24-year-olds is "  more than double the comparable figure for 25-34 year olds , and 23 times the figure for text messaging users who are 65 or older . " Whether individuals prefer to get text messages rather than voice calls appears to have a large correlation with how heavily they use text messaging . For instance , 55 % of people who send or receive more than 51 texts per day report preferring them to phone calls . However , since younger adults are most likely to be heavy texters , this preference does indirectly correlate with age . Why some prefer texting Why do some people prefer texting to voice calls ? Pew did not speculate on this , but How Stuff Works suggests some relative advantages of texting . First , privacy : it 's far less likely that an SMS conversation can be overheard .  Conversely , this can also be a matter of courtesy ; do n't you wish more people in public settings would use text messaging rather than voice calls , if they must communicate with someone right that minute ? Also , text messaging provides greater accessibility , not just for people with hearing impairments but also to compensate for ambient noise , weak or spotty cell network connections , or the poor quality of microphones and speakers that plague many cell phones . But perhaps the main reasons why many people prefer getting text messages over voice calls are related to time . Typically , text messaging encourages briefer , more efficient exchanges of information . Even "  social grooming " chitchat often gets abbreviated so it 's quicker to type and read -- although in the context of texting culture , this is n't necessarily viewed as colder or less socially or emotionally significant . Similarly , there 's less psychological or social pressure to respond immediately to texts . So you can take a moment to finish a task at hand  such as parking your car  or to consider what you want to say before responding to a text message . Text messaging also can reduce the discomfort or impatience some people experience with pauses in real-time voice conversations -- or the chance that they may instantly blurt a response that they 'd later regret . A text-messaging decline ? If today 's young adults ' taste for text messaging persists as they age , this could spell big changes for how wireless carriers do business in the future . Pew notes that voice calls and texting -- the two main services conducted over cell phone carriers ' basic networks , rather than their data networks , for which they typically charge extra -- appear to have plateaued in the U.S. "  Both text messaging and phone calling on cell phones have leveled off for the adult population as a whole , " said the report . "  Text messaging users send or receive an average of 41.5 messages on a typical day , with the median user sending or receiving 10 texts daily -- both figures are largely unchanged from what we reported in 2010 . Similarly , cell owners make or receive an average of 12 calls on their cells per day , which is unchanged from 2010 . " A plateau -- or even an eventual decline -- in the popularity of both voice calls and text messages could profoundly change how carriers charge for voice calls and text messaging in coming years . In the long term , this might even lead some wireless carriers to abandon the direct telephony business or to treat it as a specialized service . Right now , voice calling and text messaging packages are primary revenue sources for wireless carriers . These services are provided to virtually every cell phone , including the 65 % of U.S. mobile phones that are not smartphones and so do n't necessarily include data plans at this time . Internet calling But there are many options for placing voice calls over the Internet  Skype , Google Voice , Vonage and more  using voice over Internet protocol  VOIP  technology . These services generally are not tied to a particular device , so you can access your VOIP account from your computer , tablet or phone -- or even a shared device . VOIP calling systems tend to be more complex for consumers to set up , learn and use than simply dialing a phone number to make a regular phone call . They also can be quirkier or less reliable than standard phone calls . But in coming years , these services probably will become more user-friendly for typical non-tech-savvy U.S. consumers . Meanwhile , more U.S. consumers are buying smartphones that can run apps for VOIP calling services . By late 2012 or early 2013 , over half of the cell phones in use in the U.S. will probably be smartphones . Also , many of the remaining feature phones on the U.S. market are becoming considerably "  smarter , " with greater capabilities to handle more advanced internet-based services -- perhaps even VOIP calling . SMS text messaging also has ample competition from the various popular Internet-based instant messaging services such as AOL IM , Yahoo Messenger , Google Talk and more . BlackBerry Messenger is another SMS alternative popular users of BlackBerry phones . But the catch with alternative instant messaging services is that each one is a closed system . For instance , you ca n't directly send an instant message to BlackBerry Messenger from Google Talk . While instant messaging remains such a fragmented communication landscape , SMS  which bridges all phone types and carrier networks  retains a significant advantage . You can use that one mobile tool to communicate with whoever you want , as long as you have their cell phone number , and they do n't need to be logged in to a site or service at that time to receive your message . Confusion for users Still , Pew 's research hints that the standard U.S. wireless telephony market might be starting a long-term decline . It 's conceivable that U.S. wireless carriers may eventually shift to mainly selling data , rather than telephony . This could mean that someday , standard cell phone calls and text messages might be sold as special add-on services , perhaps handled by separate divisions or companies for extra fees . What might that mean for mobile phone users ? Probably a lot more confusion and frustration while the shift sorts out . It would take a few years at least before a communication system based mostly on the Internet and wireless data becomes as coherent and simple as the national telephone system most Americans grew up with . Consumers may eventually see cost savings or service improvements associated with more freedom to choose how they make voice calls or send text messages , but this probably would n't be an easy change for most people to make . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	New Pew study says 31 % of American adults prefer text messages Study : 4 % of cell owners do not make or receive any voice calls on an average day Rate of texting for 18 - to 24-year-olds is more than double figure for 25 - to 34-year-olds
CNN  -- Rory Fallon scored the only goal of the game to help New Zealand qualify for the World Cup for the first time since 1982 as they ran out 1-0 winners in their playoff with Bahrain . Bahrain had begun the Asia/Oceania playoff knowing a score draw would be enough to see them qualify and they had showed the early attacking intent at the Westpac Stadium in Wellington . But New Zealand -- nicknamed the ` All Whites ' -- started to gain a foothold in the game and Leo Bertos and Chris Killen both struck the woodwork before Fallon grabbed the crucial breakthrough . The 27-year-old striker , who plays for English Championship side Plymouth Argyle , scored the decisive goal just before the half-time break when he headed home from a Bertos corner . Bahrain were handed a chance to level the scores in the 51st minute when Tony Lochhead fouled Abdulla Omar inside the penalty area and the referee pointed to the spot . But All Whites goalkeeper Mark Paston was equal to Sayed Adnan 's weak spot-kick and coach Ricki Herbert 's side held on to secure their place at the World Cup for the first time since they qualified for Spain 28 years ago , New Zealand captain Ryan Nelsen , paid tribute to the 35,100 fans in Wellington - a record for a football match in the country . "  The crowd was incredible and I do n't know if we could have won it without them , " the Blackburn Rovers defender told reporters after the match . "  They were our 12th man today and they got us home . I 've played in some incredible atmospheres but this is right up there . "	Rory Fallon scored the only goal of the game to help New Zealand qualify for the World Cup for the first time since 1982 Bahrain were handed a chance to equalize in the second half but Mark Paston saved Sayed Adnan 's weak penalty New Zealand captain Ryan Nelsen paid tribute to the 35,100 fans for their inspirational support at the match in Wellington
CNN  -- If there is one man who knows how to spoil a Parisian party then it 's Andy Murray . While the majority of the 15,000 crowd packed inside Court Philippe Chatrier roared their home favorite Gael Monfils at every opportunity , their hopes of a French champion were extinguished once again . This was a pulsating clash between two men straining every ounce of energy from their tired bodies and stretching every sinew . Murray , so dominant for so long after taking the opening two sets 6-4 6-1 , appeared set to return to his hotel early enough for a night out on the Champs-Élysées . But Monfils , as infuriating as he is talented , did what he does best -- he entertained . The Frenchman , playing to the crowd , took the next two sets 6-4 6-1 before imploding when the tie looked his for the taking . Not since Yannick Noah was crowned champion in 1983 has France witnessed one of its own triumph on the clay . Alas , the wait will now extend into a 32nd year . Murray , who seemed to thrive on the partisan nature of the contest , eased to a 6-4 6-1 lead and seemingly had the match all wrapped up . In 2012 , Murray defeated Frenchman Richard Gasquet in a similar setting , and that experience appeared to allow him to settle rather quickly . The World No. 8 , who was so impressive during his victory over Spain 's Fernando Verdasco , looks to be far more comfortable with his game following a troublesome back injury . Against Monfils , a player he often practiced with and competed against as a child , he showed a maturity which the Frenchman sometimes lacks . Nobody can doubt Monfils ' ability to entertain but with that comes a constant frustration to combine his style with substance . After conceding the first set , Monfils lost the plot completely in the second before rallying to ensure he at least won a game . The third was more competitive with the home crowd urging the World No. 28 to respond and take the contest into a fourth set . And their hero finally responded , converting the third of three set points to take the third 6-4 . With the momentum firmly behind him , Monfils broke to take a 4-1 lead in the fourth . Suddenly , playing with the joie de vivre which had been missing earlier in the contest , Monfils appeared unstoppable . He claimed the fourth set 6-1 and appeared set to apply the coup de grâce . But just as the home crowd was about to celebrate a famous victory , Murray wrecked any thoughts of popping Champagne corks . He swept Monfils away with disdain -- 6-0 to secure the match , finish the contest and throw down the gauntlet to his next opponent -- champion Rafael Nadal . Nadal Can anybody stop Nadal ? That 's the question Murray will have to answer . David Ferrer , the man vanquished in last year 's final by the eight-time French Open champion , was the latest man to feel the wrath of the "  King of Clay " . After a slow start in which he conceded the first set 6-4 , Nadal hit back to take the next three sets 6-4 6-0 6-1 . The World No. 1 , who was beaten at Monte Carlo in April by Ferrer , remains a huge favorite to win the title . Petkovic progresses Andrea Petkovic nearly quit tennis a year ago -- now she stands on the verge of reaching a first grand slam final . The German , who lost in qualifying at Roland Garros 12 months ago , made the last eight at three of the four grand slams in 2011 . But her career threatened to derail when she suffered back , knee and ankle injuries and spiraled down the rankings to 177 -- before returning to the tour in March 2013 . The 26-year-old , ranked 27 , proved too good for Italy 's Sara Errani as she carved out a 6-2 6-2 victory . "  Today I was in a real zone , " she told reporters . "  I stepped up my game when I needed to . That gives me confidence . "  I do n't think I 'm coming from nowhere to the semifinals . It 's a very special moment , I have n't been there before . " Petkovic , who is the first German lady to reach the semifinals since Steffi Graf in 1999 , now faces a showdown with Romania 's Simona Halep . Halep , the highest seed left in the draw , overcame 2009 champion Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia 6-2 6-2 to claim a place the semifinal of a grand slam for the first time . Halep , ranked fourth in the world , won the junior event on the clay in 2008 and is now hoping to do the double by winning the French Open proper . "  I felt very good on court . It was a perfect day for me . I played really well and stuck to my gameplan , " she told reporters . "  I was very aggressive . I played very fast . So it was a good match , and I 'm really happy that now I can play in the semifinals in Paris . "	Rafael Nadal to face Andy Murray in semifinals Murray overcomes Gael Monfils in five sets Nadal defeats David Ferrer in four sets Andrea Petkovic to face Romania 's Simona Halep
CNN  -- Pope Francis is being painted as a humble and simple man , but his past is tinged with controversy surrounding topics as sensitive as gay marriage and political atrocities . Questions linger about Francis ' actions during the nation 's dark days : the so-called Dirty War , when Argentina was ruled by dictators . The gay marriage issue came to the forefront during Francis ' political fight with Argentina 's president . The conservative pontiff may hold firm on some issues , experts say , but he may be flexible on others . "  If you think that  Francis  is n't going to change anything , you 're wrong , " said Gustavo Girard , a retired doctor who knew Francis during his early years in the priesthood . "  But is he going to approve of gay marriage tomorrow ? No . " Five things to know about the new pope Do n't be surprised , Girard said , if the new pope shows flexibility on contraceptives , but do n't expect him to budge on the Catholic Church 's opposition to abortion . There 's been no shortage of praise for Francis as a passionate preacher and pragmatic man who prefers public transportation to private cars . It goes to his reputation as an independent thinker . But look deeper into Francis ' history to see a more complicated man who 's been formed by the times he 's lived in . Dark times Possibly the darkest period during Francis ' rise to power took place when he served as the nation 's top Jesuit . In 1976 , during Argentina 's dictatorship , the navy kidnapped priests Orlando Yorio and Francisco Jalics . Some have accused Francis , then provincial superior for the Society of Jesus , of not doing enough to assert his influence and free them . They were found five months later . The incident led to rumors and allegations that Francis was complicit in the dictatorship 's appalling atrocity -- that he did n't do enough to expose it and perhaps was even partly responsible for the priests ' prolonged detention , said Jim Nicholson , a former U.S. ambassador to the Holy See . Although the allegations against Francis have never been proved , they continue to haunt him , so much so that the human rights group Center for Legal and Social Studies in Argentina opposes Francis ' selection as pope . Situations relating to the priests ' kidnappings "  have not been clarified , " said the group 's director , Gaston Chillier . Many of the allegations against Francis were researched by Argentine journalist Horacio Verbitsky , who wrote a book about the church 's role during the dictatorship . In a 2010 column , Verbitsky alleged that Francis had lied under oath during an investigation into the theft of babies from prisoners during the dictatorship . Francis testified that he never knew about the baby-stealing until after the dictatorship had fallen , Verbitsky wrote , but a victim Verbitsky interviewed claims that Francis knew about it at the time . She said she had written to Francis about it . Nicholson said there 's no evidence to support the allegations . From public transport to Popemobile : Bergoglio 's journey to top of the church The Vatican pushed back Friday against the accusations . The Rev. Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman , dismissed the claims as false and defamatory . "  The campaign against  Jorge Mario  Bergoglio is well known and goes back to many years ago . It was promoted by a defamatory publication , " Lombardi said at a Vatican news conference , using the name that Francis used before he became pope . Argentine judicial authorities questioned Bergoglio once , but nothing was imputed against him , Lombardi said , adding that Bergoglio denied the allegations against him . "  His role is well noted on how he promoted reconciliation in Argentina , " he said . The fight Then there 's the fight between the archbishop and the president . In 2010 , President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner led a battle to pass a bill to legalize gay marriage . Francis , then archbishop of Buenos Aires , put himself right in the middle of the fight , calling the proposed legislation "  a destructive attack on God 's plan . " With a front-page counterpunch , the president said the church possessed "  attitudes reminiscent of medieval times and the Inquisition . " The bill eventually became law , and Francis left the battlefield defeated . But some supporters hold it up as evidence of his traditionalist views . Perhaps it 's no surprise Kirchner gave Francis a rather dry congratulations after his election , said Rosendo Fraga , an Argentine political analyst . The president failed to even mention that Francis is the first pope from Argentina or the Western Hemisphere , a signal that her government may feel at odds with the church . First Latin American pope ` very exciting , ' faithful say Was it a snub ? Fraga said Francis "  was a critic of corruption , of social inequality , drugs , human trafficking , which in reality was n't an agenda of confrontation , but that the government perceived as an agenda of confrontation . " Girard , the retired doctor who knew Francis during his early years in the priesthood , interpreted the war of words differently . Francis was not lashing out at just the bill but at what he saw as a larger effort by the government to divide the country along political lines . This is why the cardinals selected him , Girard said : Francis does n't fit into a mold . "  They can be progressive or conservative , " he said . "  But they 're not dumb . " CNN 's Jose Manuel Rodriguez contributed to this report .	NEW : Vatican says claims about Pope Francis during dictatorship are false , defamatory Francis has a long record as a church leader He is lauded by many as a humble man Others question his role during Argentina 's dictatorship
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A coroner 's investigator dismissed online speculation that the pneumonia deaths of actress Brittany Murphy and her husband , Simon Monjack , may both have been related to viral mold inside their Los Angeles home . "  There were no indicators that it was from mold , " Los Angeles County Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter said Monday . Murphy , 32 , and Monjack , 39 , died five months apart in the same bedroom of the home they shared with the actress ' mother , Sharon Murphy , in Hollywood Hills . The preliminary autopsy concluded that Monjack 's death May 23 was caused by acute pneumonia and severe anemia , "  just like Brittany , " Winter said last week . Murphy died December 20 from a combination of pneumonia , an iron deficiency and multiple drug intoxication , a coroner said . The drugs involved were legal and are used to treat respiratory infections , according to an autopsy . Winter said Monjack , his mother-in-law and their lawyer all talked to him about a possible mold problem in the home during the investigation into Brittany 's death . Murphy , however , issued a statement Monday saying that she has "  never been personally asked by the Coroner or anyone from the Health Department to come and inspect my home for mold . " Winter called that "  an absolute lie , " but Murphy 's publicist , Roger Neal , stood by the statement , calling it "  100 percent factual . " The home apparently was tested by "  a well-respected company " for dangerous mold just two months before Murphy 's death , according to Neal . "  Simon Monjack received the report and assured Brittany and Sharon Murphy that there was no mold danger and it was safe to stay in the house , " Neal said . Monjack , a British screenwriter , married Murphy in 2007 . She was an often bubbly , free-spirited actress who appeared in films such as "  Clueless , " "  8 Mile , " "  Do n't Say a Word " and "  Girl , Interrupted . " She also lent her voice to animated works , including the movie "  Happy Feet " -- in which she also sang -- and a regular role on the animated TV series "  King of the Hill . "	NEW : Inspection found no mold in home before Murphy 's death Coroner 's office found "  no indicators " of mold having a role in the two deaths Murphy and Monjack died in the same room , five months apart Autopsies found that pneumonia was the main factor in each death
CNN  -- The election of 2012 is a critical juncture in the history of this nation . We now have to decide if we love our country enough to do the responsible thing -- rein in out-of-control spending , cut the debt and reform crumbling entitlement programs . This will not be easy , but it 's right and what 's necessary for the preservation of our republic . Rep. Paul Ryan is the right choice for such a time . The president has not led ; Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan will lead , and ultimately , they will lead us back on the path to prosperity . Ryan 's path to vice presidential nominee is a culmination of decades of outspoken conservatism . Early on , only a few of his colleagues at Empower America , a conservative , free-market Washington think tank , like Jack Kemp and me , heard him . Now , the entire country will hear him . The effervescent congressmen from Wisconsin , who leads Congress in grueling P90X workouts most mornings , first emerged onto the national political scene with his Roadmap , a first of its kind detailed plan to reform America 's budget , tax code , health care system and Social Security system . He said what few politicians would say -- America has overspent , over-promised and under-delivered . Opinion : Is Paul Ryan for or against Ayn Rand ? Over time this young budget guru , who once told me he relaxes by kicking back with actuarial tables , began to master the U.S. budget in a way that few ever have . He was appointed to be a member of the president 's Bowles-Simpson Commission , but , not yielding to political pressure , voted against its recommendations because it failed to adequately reform Medicare . So , together with Alice Rivlin  Bill Clinton 's former OMB director  , Ryan co-authored the Ryan-Rivlin plan to seriously reform Medicare  although she did n't support the version of it he included in his all-encompassing budget  . Their plan fell largely on deaf ears , but just because Washington was n't listening , Ryan did n't stop leading . He joined forces with Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , to co-author a bipartisan plan to reform Medicare . Their plan leaves Medicare intact for existing recipients and those approaching eligibility and offers future enrollees a chance to enroll in the traditional Medicare government option or enroll in a premium support plan , where seniors can choose from a variety of competitive plans that work best for them . During his tenure as House Budget Chairman , Ryan has penned several of the House budget plans . Although his 2012 budget did n't pass the Democrat-led Senate , it garnered far more votes than President Obama 's budget , and proposed far more serious reforms . Donna Brazile : Ryan 's dangerous vision Ryan 's conservative credentials are unquestionable . Republicans will never forget how he grilled President Obama at the health care summit in 2010 . But , equally important , if not more , is his record of bipartisan leadership . When the time comes and Democrats demonize Ryan 's Medicare reform plans , he can hold up Wyden and Clinton-era welfare reformers as his defenders . More than budget and economic expertise , and he has a lot of it , Ryan brings to the Romney ticket a clear , detailed vision forward for America , a vision that stretches across party lines . Ryan adds youthful optimism and a dash of Jack Kemp 's infectious charisma to Gov. Romney 's business prowess and management skills . For Romney this is the bold action many in his party have been waiting for . All the cards are now on the table . Two competing visions of America 's future -- one a nation governed by a large , intrusive caretaker and the other a nation of small government and individual autonomy -- are at stake this November . As has been well said about our founding , we are a nation of choice and reflection . If the American people listen to Romney and Ryan and their serious proposals to restore American prosperity , Romney and Ryan have a chance at winning . If the American people listen to political pandering and ad hominem attacks , they will probably lose . Romney and Ryan will now make the case ; the American people will decide . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett says choice of Paul Ryan puts the cards on the table before America He says Ryan has dedicated himself to mastering the U.S. federal budget Bennett says Ryan has proposed innovative solutions and has worked with Democrats He says voters will choose between two visions of the size and role of government
London  CNN  -- Lawyers for Julian Assange wrapped up their case against his extradition to Sweden on Tuesday and challenged a Swedish prosecutor to "  come to London " to defend her handling of the sexual misconduct allegations facing the WikiLeaks founder . "  Today , we have seen a Hamlet without the princess -- a prosecutor who has been ready to feed the media within information , but has been unwilling to come here , " Assange attorney Mark Stephens told reporters outside a south London courtroom . Stephens called on Swedish prosecutor Marianne Ny to attend the extradition hearing when it resumes Friday and "  subject yourself to the cross-examination . " Assange has not been charged with a crime , but Swedish prosecutors want to question him in connection with sexual misconduct allegations related to separate incidents last August . Assange denies the accusations , and his attorneys are fighting his extradition on procedural and human-rights grounds . The case is not related to the work of the website , which has facilitated the leaking of thousands of secret documents on subjects ranging from the war in Afghanistan to the inner workings of U.S. diplomacy . Assange said the hearing is lifting the lid on allegations he says are false and have blighted his reputation for months , telling reporters after Tuesday 's proceedings that he is facing "  the unlimited budget of Sweden and the United Kingdom on this matter . " Assange 's lawyers say Ny ordered his arrest without formally summoning him for an interview or requesting an interrogation . They also argue that Sweden could send him to the United States to face espionage charges related to his site 's disclosure of thousands of secret U.S. military and diplomatic documents . Former Swedish prosecutor Sven-Erik Alhem testified Tuesday that Swedish authorities should not have told the media that Assange was accused of rape . But Alhem seemed unimpressed by some elements of the defense , including the claim that Assange could be sent on to the United States to face imprisonment in Guantanamo Bay or execution . He said Assange did not run that risk , in his opinion . Prosecutor Clare Montgomery , representing Sweden , dismissed the defense claim that Sweden would hand Assange over to the United States . The "  suggestion that Sweden provides no protection against human rights violations is unfounded , " Montgomery argued , adding that Britain would have the right to intervene if Washington asked Sweden for Assange . Assange is free on 200,000 pounds  $ 310,000  bail while he fights extradition . British courts have ordered him to stay at a supporter 's mansion outside London each night , to wear an electronic tag that monitors his location and to check in daily with police . Proceedings are set to resume Friday at Woolwich Crown Court in south London . "  For the past five and a half months , we have been in a condition where a black box has been applied to my life , " Assange said after Monday 's session . "  On the outside of that black box has been written the word ` rape . ' That box is now , thanks to an open court process , being opened , and I hope over the next day we will see that that box is , in fact , empty and has nothing to do with the words that are on the outside of it . " Testifying for the defense on Monday , retired Swedish Court of Appeals judge Brita Sundberg-Weitman harshly criticized Ny , who issued an arrest warrant for Assange in the case . Sundberg-Weitman said Ny has a "  rather biased view against men " and has "  lost balance " on sexual offenses after years of working with battered women . Sundberg-Weitman said Ny could have pursued more straightforward approaches , such as questioning by telephone , for the preliminary investigation . And Bengt Goran Rudling , a Swedish activist for legal reform in sex-offense cases , testified that he approached police to raise doubts about one of Assange 's accusers . Rudling said the woman , identified as "  Miss A , " made Twitter postings 20 hours after the alleged offenses that described being positive and happy in Assange 's company . Assange 's lawyers argue Britain can not extradite Assange without violation of his human rights , because doing so puts him at risk of execution , according to an outline of their defense published on their website . "  There is a real risk he could be made subject to the death penalty , " Assange lawyers say , citing British media reports that U.S. Republican politicians Sarah Palin and Mike Huckabee have called for him to be executed . They also say he should not be sent to Sweden because rape trials there are held behind closed doors , while British trials are open . Rudling said Miss A erased the postings when she reported the alleged crime , but prosecutors said Miss A told Rudling she deleted them to avoid a media storm . Rudling also said that that two days after the alleged crime , Miss A wanted to become Assange 's personal press liaison officer . He told CNN he is not an Assange supporter . CNN 's Atika Shubert , Richard Allen Greene and Andrew Carey contributed to this report .	NEW : Assange lawyers to prosecutor : "  Come to London " NEW : Assange says he 's up against the "  unlimited budget " of two nations Assange denies sexual misconduct allegations Swedish prosecutors should n't have released Assange 's name in a rape case , a witness says
Washington  CNN  -- A convicted American terrorist plotter and his mother lost another legal round Wednesday in their efforts to hold accountable a former Bush administration official who issued legal memos supporting harsh interrogation techniques for suspected enemy combatants . The 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals dismissed a lawsuit from Jose Padilla and his mother , Estela Lebron , who claimed the man 's constitutional rights were violated when he was held for years in solitary confinement at a military prison in South Carolina . The issue was whether John Yoo , who worked in the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel , deserved "  qualified immunity " as a government official from such suits . A federal judge earlier had said the litigation could proceed . But a three-judge appeals panel disagreed . "  Under recent Supreme Court law , however , we are compelled to conclude that , regardless of the legality of Padilla 's detention and the wisdom of Yoo 's judgments , at the time he acted the law was not sufficiently clear that every reasonable official would have understood that what he was doing violated the plaintiffs ' rights , " the court said . Padilla was originally arrested a decade ago on accusations he planned to set off radioactive "  dirty bombs " in the United States . The Chicago native had been held for 3 1/2 years as an "  enemy combatant " in military confinement , without being charged in that alleged plot . It was that detention that prompted Padilla in 2008 to file a civil lawsuit , alleging the administration 's "  unlawful " policies violated his constitutional rights as a U.S. citizen . He said he suffered severe physical and mental abuse during his years of isolation in military detention , and wanted to hold individual officials such as Yoo accountable . The Supreme Court in 2004 had heard Padilla 's original appeal over his enemy combatant status , claiming he deserved a chance to contest his military detention on constitutional grounds . Supreme Court building to get face-lift He was arrested in May 2002 at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport as he returned from overseas , where he had been living . He was detained as a material witness in the September 11 , 2001 , attacks investigation . President George W. Bush designated him an "  enemy combatant " the following month and turned him over to the military . He was one of the few terror suspects designated by the United States as an enemy combatant since 9/11 . Padilla was then held in a South Carolina naval brig before the government brought criminal charges against him . The Obama administration has since abandoned using the term "  enemy combatant . " The current White House has been criticized for continuing many of the anti-terror policies of the Bush administration , including military prosecutions of high-value suspected terrorists held at the U.S. Navy base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The Obama Justice Department had supported Yoo . But some conservatives have also slammed President Barack Obama for his previous desire to close the prison facility in Cuba and prosecute terrorists in civilian federal courts in the United States . That policy has not been carried out due to congressional opposition . Three U.S. citizen cases , including Padilla 's , as well as other appeals from foreign nationals held as enemy combatants at Guantanamo , have tested the government 's power to interrogate captives without allowing them regular access to attorneys or the judicial system , on the grounds that they might pose a future threat or know about pending terrorist attacks . The San Francisco-based 9th Circuit appeals court said it was unclear in the two years after the 9/11 attacks whether Padilla 's alleged treatment in prison amounted to "  torture . " The legal advice offered by Yoo and other top administration lawyers was intended , said the court , to work through varying differences over interpreting and implementing the detention and interrogation policies . The judges in this appeal appeared to go out of their way to note concerns that Yoo 's performance at the Office of Legal Counsel may have in fact amounted to professional "  misconduct . " But the panel said his compliance with department standards was not at issue in the current lawsuit . The Justice Department later released two reports on the interrogation memos produced by Yoo , concluding he "  exercised poor judgment " but did not "  knowingly provide inaccurate legal advice . " Both reports were summarized in a footnote in the appeals judges ' ruling . Yoo 's lawyer released a statement saying the ruling "  confirms that this litigation has been baseless from the outset . " Miguel Estrada , who himself had been an unsuccessful nominee to the federal bench by Bush , said , "  For several years , Padilla and his attorneys have been harassing the government officials he believes to have been responsible for his detention and ultimately conviction as a terrorist . He has now lost before two separate courts of appeals , and will need to find a new hobby for his remaining time in prison . " After Padilla was released from military custody and transferred to federal civilian control , he was convicted on terrorism charges . In November 2006 , he was added to an existing indictment in south Florida , which alleged Padilla and his co-defendants belonged to a North American terrorist support cell and intended to carry out jihad , or holy war , in foreign countries . Padilla and two others were found guilty in August 2007 of conspiracy to murder U.S. citizens and provide material support to terrorists . A federal court jury in Miami had deliberated for just under two days before handing down the guilty verdicts . Another federal appeals court ruled last fall the 17-year sentence given Padilla was too lenient , handing another legal victory to the Obama administration . A divided 2-1 panel of the 11th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals said the federal judge presiding over the 2007 conspiracy trial did not properly take into account the former gang member 's past criminal history when sentencing him . The current lawsuit is Padilla and Lebron v. Yoo  09-16478  .	An appeals court dismisses a lawsuit filed by convicted terrorist Jose Padilla He wanted to sue John Yoo , who issued legal memos supporting harsh techniques The court says that "  at the time  Yoo  acted the law was not sufficiently clear "
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Rebels said Saturday that they were gaining traction in a series of offensives in several parts of Libya controlled by ruler Moammar Gadhafi -- claims that the Libyan government swiftly disputed . Heavy gunfire was heard in al-Zawiya , located about 33 miles west of Tripoli , where rebels had arrived . Rebels entered the city center and managed to cut off the road to Tripoli , they said . Talha Jwaili , a rebel fighter , told CNN that rebels control al-Zawiya . Ten rebels died in the fighting , four from Zintan and six from al-Zawiya , he said . More than 20 people were reported injured . A spokesman in the media office of the Military Council of the Western Mountain Region said that rebels control about 85 % of the city and that clashes there are ongoing . CNN could not independently confirm Saturday who was in control of al-Zawiya , nor other details of the rebels ' accounts . A government spokesman downplayed the fighting , telling reporters in Tripoli that the town is "  absolutely under our control . " Al-Zawiya is strategically important because the coastal road through the city is the main supply line from the Tunisian border to areas held by Gadhafi . Government spokesman Musa Ibrahim said fewer than 100 rebels moved in on al-Zawiya from the southern side of the city , but were stopped . Another group of fewer than 50 rebels was waiting inside the city , but "  took action too early , " he said , adding that the group is still on the run . "  They are mad . ... This is not an advance . This is what you call a skirmish , what you call a suicide mission , " Ibrahim said , noting that al-Zawiya is the country 's third-largest city . While forces loyal to the Libyan leader tried to defend the capital from the west , rebels announced that they had cut off an important military supply route to the south . Sixty miles to Tripoli 's south , rebels said they captured the town of Garyan and pushed the Gadhafi forces to the south , cutting them off from the road to Tripoli . The soldiers left behind heavy artillery and ammunition , rebel field commander Adel al-Zintani told CNN . "  We captured many anti-aircraft artillery vehicles , two full fuel tankers and 106 anti-tank piercing artillery and shells , " he said . Seven people were injured in the clashes , he said . "  The rebels have 95 % control of Garyan and have surrounded a Gadhafi brigade inside a military camp inside Garyan , " said the spokesman in the media office of the Military Council of the Western Mountain Region . Finally , in the opposition-held port of Misrata , missile attacks by Gadhafi forces ended after rebels captured the nearby town of Tawargha , National Transitional Council spokesman Guma El-Gamaty told CNN . That city was being used by Gadhafi forces to launch missiles indiscriminately into Misrata , he said . Rebels also took a crucial bridge that links Tawargha to Sirte , Gadhafi 's hometown and loyal stronghold , he said . However , Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim said government fighters had pushed the rebels away from Tawargha and back to Misrata . Ibrahim also downplayed the rebel claims in other towns . "  Small groups of armed gangs , 50 here , 50 there , some attacked south of al-Zawiya , some attacked north of Garyan , and Tawargha , but they have very weak influence on the ground , " government spokesman Musa Ibrahim told reporters . "  The people 's armed forces are dealing with them , they do not represent a real threat . Tripoli is safe . " He later noted that Gadhafi 's forces are "  very strong " and have the support of "  thousands upon thousands " of armed volunteers . "  You have to remember we are very powerful , " Ibrahim said . "  The tens of thousands and tens of thousands of volunteers are armed right now . It does n't matter whether NATO advances or not , whether rebels advance or not , because we will always be able to fight , in a year 's time , in two years , in three years . " Five months into the Libyan war , the rebels have won international support in their effort to oust Gadhafi . They have been aided by NATO airstrikes that began in March after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution that ordered civilians be protected . This week , the government accused NATO of killing 85 civilians , including 33 children , in airstrikes Monday near the embattled city of Zlitan . NATO has said there is no evidence that the strikes killed civilians , though journalists , including CNN reporters , taken by Gadhafi 's government to the site of the strikes , reported seeing bodies of women and children . It was impossible for CNN to confirm the extent of the casualties and if they were all civilian . Kaim on Friday criticized the United Nations for what he claimed was an organizational silence over claims that NATO has violated the mandate of the Security Council by killing civilians and conducting a naval blockade . Ibrahim renewed the government 's accusations Saturday , saying NATO is aiding the rebels , whom he described as "  armed gangs . " The comments follow a statement a day earlier by a spokesperson for Ban Ki-moon , who said the U.N. secretary-general "  is deeply concerned by reports of the unacceptably large number of civilian casualties as a result of the conflict in Libya . " Ban urged "  all Libyan parties " to engage with his special envoy , Abdel-Elah Al-Khatib , "  and respond concretely and positively to the ideas presented to them , in order to end the bloodshed in the country , " the spokesperson said . Ibrahim repeated Saturday his own calls for an end to the conflict , telling NATO : "  Stop this aggression and let 's talk peace . " CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Jomana Karadsheh , Yasmin Amer and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : Government spokesman : Al-Zawiya is "  absolutely under our control " Rebels say they are in control of the coastal city of al-Zawiya Rebels say they captured the town of Garyan to the south A government spokesman calls the rebel efforts "  weak "
CNN  -- Here 's a real shocker : Teens are better than their parents at using the Internet , and are likely to hide some of their online behaviors from them . That news comes from a 2,017-person survey funded by the online security software maker McAfee , which is pushing a product that helps parents monitor their kids online . Seventy percent of teens "  hide their online behavior " from parents , according to the report , which was released Monday . That 's up from 45 % in 2010 , the group says . These hidden behaviors include some things you might expect -- such as accessing violent  43 %  or pornographic  32 %  content online -- but also a few surprises . Fifteen percent of teens have hacked into social networks ; 9 % have hacked into e-mail accounts ; 12 % have met face to face with a person he or she met on the Internet ; and 16 % of teens surveyed said they had used their phones to cheat on tests at school . McAfee said parents are often unaware of these behaviors . Facebook quietly unveils ` stalking app ' "  Parents , you must stay in-the-know , " McAfee 's Robert Siciliano wrote in a blog post . "  Since your teens have grown up in an online world , they may be more online savvy than their parents , but you ca n't give up . You must challenge yourselves to become familiar with the complexities of the teen online universe and stay educated on the various devices your teens are using to go online . "  As a parent of two young girls , I proactively participate in their online activities and talk to them about the ` rules of the road ' for the Internet . I 'm hoping that this report opens the eyes of parents to become more involved and also consider using technology such as McAfee Safe Eyes to protect their kids online . " There 's the product pitch . McAfee Safe Eyes , like similar products from other security companies , lets parents spy on their kids ' online behaviors and block certain websites . According to an online description of the product , Safe Eyes lets parents log the social-media posts and instant message conversations of their children . -LSB- Update : the pitch for McAfee Safe Eyes has since been removed from the blog post . -RSB- Nearly half of parents install some sort of online controls , the survey said . Forty-four percent know their teens ' passwords , and one in 10 uses a location-monitoring device . Not everyone advocates that approach to teen online security , however . "  We do n't think it 's a good idea for parents to spy on their kids surreptitiously , because eventually they 're going to find something they have to confront them about , and it 's going to destroy the other lines of communication , " Justin Patchin , a criminal justice professor and co-director of the Cyberbullying Research Center , told CNN in 2010 . In the report , McAfee also encourages parents to be upfront with their children if they decide to monitor their behaviors . "  Half of teens say they would think twice about their online activities if they knew parents were watching , " the report said . The McAfee-funded report , which was carried out by the research company TRU , surveyed 1,013 parents and 1,004 teens between the ages of 13 and 17 . The interviews were conducted online in May . The report , titled "  The digital divide : How the online behavior of teens is getting past parents "  PDF  , also includes a list of the "  top 10 ways teens are fooling their parents . " Here 's the list , with the percentage of teens who said they engaged in these behaviors , according to the survey results : 1 . Clear browser history  53 % 2 . Close/minimize browser when parent walked in  46 % 3 . Hide or delete IMs or videos  34 % 4 . Lie or omit details about online activities  23 % 5 . Use a computer your parents do n't check  23 % 6 . Use an Internet-enabled mobile device  21 % 7 . Use privacy settings to make certain content viewable only by friends  20 % 8 . Use private browsing modes  20 % 9 . Create private e-mail address unknown to parents  15 % 10 . Create duplicate/fake social network profiles  9 % What do you think of the results ? Let us know in the comments section .	Teens hiding online behavior from parents has risen from 45 % in 2010 , survey says The report was funded by McAfee , an online security company Clearing browser history is the most common way teens hide activity
Beijing  CNN  -- A van carrying flammable liquid rammed into a bus in China early Saturday , sparking an explosion that left 43 people dead , state media reported . Both drivers were among the fatalities in the accident in Hunan Province , according to Xinhua news agency . Another person in the van was also killed . Six people were injured , four seriously , according to state-run CCTV . The fate of the other passengers is unclear . The bus had a capacity of 53 people , Xinhua said . The accident destroyed five cars . Authorities extinguished the fire , but a rescue effort is under way . CCTV also reported that the bus operator was blacklisted by local authorities for violating safety rules .	NEW : Six people are injured The accident occurred in Hunan Province A rescue effort is ongoing
CNN  -- An anonymous group says it stole copies of GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney 's tax records and will release them unless the company it stole them from pays $ 1 million . The Secret Service said it is investigating , and the company said there is no immediate sign that any such theft took place . "  Using your office " in Franklin , Tennessee , the group tells PricewaterhouseCoopers in an online posting , "  we were able to gain access to your network file servers and copy over the tax documents for one Willard M Romney and Ann D Romney . " It threatens to send encrypted copies to "  all major news outlets " and warns , "  If the parties interested do not want the encrypted key released to the public to unlock these documents on September 28 of this year then payment will be necessary . " If the money is not received , "  the entire world will be allowed to view the documents with a publicly released key to unlock everything , " the group warns . The group demands $ 1 million worth of the online currency Bitcoins . It also says that people who want the documents released can send money as well , and whichever side sends $ 1 million first will win . Bitcoin is a digital currency not overseen by any government or bank . Various merchants accept the currency for goods and services . PricewaterhouseCoopers , which offers tax services as well as auditing and more , tweeted that it is "  working with the Secret Service . At this time , there is no evidence of unauthorized access to our data . " The anonymous postings say that flash drive copies of the stolen material have been sent to the company , as well as to the county Democratic and Republican offices , and that a scanned image of Romney 's signature from the forms was included . Jean Barwick with the Williamson County , Tennessee , Republican Party told CNN that her office found the package -- a padded envelope -- on Friday outside the door to the party offices . The package "  did n't seem credible , " partly because it said "  for learders " instead of "  leaders , " she said . Inside were a letter -- one that has been posted online -- and a flash drive . "  I did n't put that in any of our computers , " and no one has looked at the contents , she said . "  I put it in the drawer . " She called state party officials , who were in Tampa , Florida , at the Republican National Convention at the time , she said . Her office later reported the package to local police , and the Secret Service picked it up Wednesday , she said . County Democratic Party Chairman Peter Burr also told CNN the package arrived last week , and the Secret Service came Wednesday to collect it . "  We did not view it , " Burr said . He added that he considered looking at it , and the party attorney "  advised us not to . " "  We would n't have been interested to use it even if it was " real , he said . The package was dropped through the mail slot to the party office , Burr said . It had been hand-addressed with a blue highlighter . The state party advised the office to turn it over to the Secret Service , Burr said . He said he thinks it was a scam . In an online posting , the group said the alleged theft took place on August 25 . The Franklin Police Department did not respond to any calls at the building containing the PricewaterhouseCoopers office in August and did not take a report from any tenants of the building during the month either , a police spokesman said Thursday . On Wednesday , it responded to the Republican Party office , and "  due to the nature of the call , we contacted the Secret Service who met with our officers at the scene and assumed responsibility for the investigation , " Lt. Charles Warner said . Romney campaign spokeswoman Amanda Henneberg directed questions to PricewaterhouseCoopers . Chris Atkins , a spokesman for the firm , said the company does not share information on how long it has done taxes for any client . Atkins added that he has no idea why the Franklin office would be named in the claims . The company has more than 80 offices around the country and there 's nothing unique about the one in Franklin , he said . While the postings , on the website pastebin.com , refer to "  a team " involved in the alleged break-in , one ends with a line stating that certain "  considerations did not deter me from the path of duty " and a reference to "  the will of my Heavenly Father . " The postings go into detail about how the alleged theft was carried out . The group says it obtained "  all available 1040 tax forms for Romney , " including some from before 2010 , but it does not say which years . Romney has released his 2010 and 2011 tax returns , and has said he will not release others . The issue has been a source of controversy on the campaign trail . Pastebin allows users to paste text anonymously for a period of time . The company explains on its website that it was created to help programmers , and anything not related to that "  which results in unusually high traffic will be flagged for investigation . Your paste may be deleted and your IP blocked . In particular , please do not paste email lists , password lists or personal information . " The company did not immediately respond to an e-mail from CNN asking whether it plans to remove the posts . The site logs files of users ' Internet protocol addresses and service providers , along with some other information , the website explains . But the data is "  not linked to any information that is personally identifiable . " Many hackers take numerous steps to protect anonymity , making it difficult to track them down . Jeff Garzik , listed on the Bitcoin website as part of its development team , told CNN the "  consensus among the Bitcoin chattering class appears to be that this is a hoax . " He cited an online forum in which many users express that view . The currency is traceable , even if users go by pseudonyms , Garzik said . Every transaction is stored in a "  block chain , " which he compares to "  a public ledger . " "  It seems unlikely that thieves would make so public a heist , with law enforcement so likely to watch the block chain and associated Bitcoin exchanges , " he said . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Carol Cratty and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	NEW : A Bitcoin developer says such a heist seems unlikely An unnamed group demands $ 1 million in Bitcoins , an online currency Mitt Romney has not responded publicly , The Secret Service is investigating
CNN  -- We arrived in Mali 's capital city , Bamako , on January 22 , a four-person emergency assessment team rapidly deployed by International Medical Corps . With violence raging throughout the country as French and Malian forces fought to take back control of areas seized by Islamist rebels earlier this month , we had no time to waste . Fighting had already displaced more than 10,000 people by the time we arrived  an estimated 25,000 to date  , adding to the more than 460,000 Malians who fled their homes because of violence in 2012 . Even before January 10 , more than 2 million Malians were at risk of food insecurity and an estimated 1.5 million at risk of epidemics , according to the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . In this dire humanitarian and volatile security context , we immediately began advancing north to reach areas affected by the latest conflict and assess the most urgent humanitarian needs on the ground . Mali , particularly the northern part of the country , poses enormous challenges for organizations seeking to help those who need it . Humanitarian access is extremely limited , making the presence of relief and aid agencies very sparse , despite vast need . We have faced tremendous challenges traveling through conflict-affected areas : strict military checkpoints , impassable roads and rivers , unpredictable security dynamics , and , worst of all , the ever-present possibility of scattered Islamist rebels along the route . But we 're working together with local authorities , U.N. agencies and nongovernmental organization partners to gain access to previously unreachable areas and ensure that critical health and nutrition needs are being met . On January 28 , local authorities granted our team access to the town of Konna to conduct the first humanitarian assessment there . We had only four hours to get in and out . Konna was the first town captured when armed Islamist rebels who control northern Mali began aggressively moving south on January 10 , triggering French military intervention . Beginning with airstrikes on January 11 , French and Malian military forces fought intensely against the Islamist rebels in Konna for more than a week , forcing many of the town 's residents to flee their homes . French and Malian forces retook Konna from the rebels on January 18 . Most of the town 's residents had returned by the time we were allowed in to assess critical needs , and life was beginning to return to normal . But there were still many signs of the conflict . The road leading into the town was littered with burned-out pickup trucks and shrapnel . We even found an unexploded bomb in one home we visited , quickly warning the family of 17 to stay clear before reporting the bomb to the French military to be rendered safe . Similar threats of unexploded ordinances and remnants of Islamist rebels will persist throughout Mali , even as military operations begin to wind down . We met with community leaders to discuss Konna 's most urgent needs , involving all sectors of the community , including the mayor , women 's groups , local health associations and youth groups . We also visited homes to see firsthand the household-level impact of the conflict . Hunger and food insecurity are major concerns in Konna and throughout Mali . Konna 's market was closed for a month because of instability in the region , cutting off access to food and compromising many people 's livelihoods . The town 's school remains closed , but health and nutrition services have started reopening with the support of local NGOs . We 're now on our way to Timbuktu , which was just retaken by French and Malian troops . Timbuktu is one of the three northern regions controlled by Islamist rebel groups since an April 2012 coup that effectively split Mali into two . Thousands of displaced families are expected to be returning home in the coming days , likely overwhelming critical services that have been weakened since being cut off from the world 10 months ago . We 've heard reports that the rebels looted health clinics , damaging and even destroying some . Many doctors and nurses have fled south or across the border to Mauritania , leaving limited support for the local population . As soon as we gain access to Timbuktu , we 'll conduct rapid assessments of its health facilities to determine the most pressing needs before initiating emergency response activities to provide staff , equipment and medication . We 'll also assess the town 's nutrition and water needs , sharing our findings with U.N. agencies and NGO partners to facilitate a coordinated humanitarian response . After Timbuktu , we 'll continue north , heading deep into formerly rebel-held territoryâ $ " areas NGOs have been cut off from for monthsâ $ " to reach those most in need . To help us help the estimated 4.2 million people in need of humanitarian assistance in Mali , donate to our emergency response fund . Stay updated on our Mali emergency assessments and responses by visiting our Mali page .	Violence has displaced hundreds of thousands Malians Mat Jacob is a member of an International Medical Corps team providing aid to the region Conflict in the region has made it difficult for relief groups reach those in need Many doctors and nurses have fled Timbuktu leaving critical health services weakened
CNN  -- Manuela Testolini and her colleagues had just sat down to dinner at the Oberoi hotel restaurant in Mumbai , India , on Wednesday when the sound of gunfire erupted outside . Manuela Testolini was in Mumbai on business when a series of brazen attacks broke out . At first , they did n't know what it was . Then , one of Testolini 's colleagues saw a man get shot to death outside the restaurant 's front door , and everyone started to run . "  We left everything behind , including purses and phones , " said Testolini , the ex-wife of music icon Prince and founder of In A Perfect World children 's foundation . "  There was a lot of panic . " Testolini said gunfire followed her as she and dozens more fled through the kitchen and down to the ballroom , where they found temporary refuge from the gunfire and grenades raining outside . Testolini , a Canadian in Mumbai for business , was at the center of a brazen series of coordinated attacks in the southern part of the city overnight Wednesday . Watch Testolini describe running from gunfire " Gunmen rampaged through a series of targets in the commercial capital of India , killing indiscriminately and taking hostages at two luxury hotels . Testolini said she and 200 others waited in the dark ballroom for several hours , listening to the intensifying sounds of gunfire and grenades . Eventually , the hotel staff began evacuating guests 10 at a time , women and children first , to the street . For a moment , she thought she was safe . But then , the gunfire returned . "  They were pursing us , and we ran , and we could hear them shooting at us , " Testolini said . Testolini and her colleagues eventually found shelter in an undisclosed location , where they are keeping up with the news on their BlackBerrys , waiting for signs that it 's safe to move . "  We are far enough away to feel safe but close enough to feel what 's going on , " said Testolini , who was scheduled to leave Mumbai on Thursday afternoon . "  We 'll lay low till at least the daylight . " There 's no telling where Testolini would be had she been in her room at the Taj Mahal Hotel , where gunmen were holding hostages on multiple floors . One witness told local reporters that gunmen stormed the lobby , demanding to know who had U.S. or British passports , and took about 15 people hostage . Yasmin Wong , a CNN employee who was staying in the Taj , said she hid under her bed for several hours after she was awoken by gunfire . Wong said she received a phone call from the hotel telling her to turn her light off , put a wet towel by the door and stay in her room until she was told otherwise . Watch Wong describe the chaos in the hotel " She complied , but then she went to her window and saw smoke and debris . "  I saw a guy outside the window above me who had smashed the window and was hanging out , " Wong said . "  At that point , authorities told us to run out of the hotel . " Wong said she passed dead bodies in the hotel 's halls as she searched for an exit , finally leaving through the pool entrance . "  The main thing I thought was , was it going to end ? And it just never ended , " Wong said .	Manuela Testolini says colleague saw man killed outside restaurant Prince 's ex-wife says gunmen pursued her , diners as they fled Nearby , CNN employee hid from gunfire under bed at Taj Yasmin Wong ran past bodies in hotel 's halls as she sought exit
CNN  -- A plane carrying former President George W. Bush was diverted to Louisville on Saturday night after the pilot reported the smell of smoke . The Gulfstream IV aircraft was traveling from Philadelphia International to Dallas Love Field airports when the pilot reported the smell of smoke in the cockpit , said Holly Baker , spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration . She said the plane landed safely in Louisville , Kentucky . By early Sunday morning , Bush arrived safely home in Dallas , his spokesman Freddy Ford said . Bush 's legacy is on the mend Poll : You 're starting to remember Bush fondly	The 43rd president was on a plane from Philadelphia to Dallas The plane landed in Kentucky after the pilot reported smelling smoke Bush arrived safely home in Dallas later in the night , his spokesman says
CNN  -- Jenna McCorkell has spent her career dancing on a knife edge . Upon the razor-slim width of her ice skates hinges more than just success or failure at the top end of the sport . Every year that skating travels further , every leap seemingly more intricate than the last , but one thing remains the same -- the unforgiving surface on which they perform . "  How the sport of ice skating is evolving , it 's insane , " McCorkell , an 11-time British champion from Northern Ireland , told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  You 're seeing a lot more injuries , a lot more accidents with the tricky things we 're being pushed to make our bodies do . "  You 've got to take off , jump up , turn around three times in the air in a split second . You 've got to be perfectly straight to make sure you 've got that landing on one foot . "  It 's not even on one foot -- it 's on a tiny blade of a few millimeters . "  You have n't got much leeway to be out of balance . It does take an incredible amount of strength , balance and coordination to be able to perform those jumps . " Things were n't quite as daring when McCorkell 's obsession with figure skating began . A newspaper article that featured a little girl in a sparkly dress clutching a shiny trophy had her pestering her parents for an introduction to the ice . "  They took me over to the ice rink and I started my first lessons . I just did n't stop from there , " she explains . "  I was a nightmare . I wanted to do every public session , every club hour , everything . I was addicted from the start . " Three years later , she became the youngest skater to ever make the Great Britain team , aged just 10 . Seventeen years after that , after 11 national championship titles , she is preparing to put the brakes on her skating career . But not before she competes at next month 's Winter Olympics in Sochi , aiming to banish the memories of her performance in Vancouver four years previously . And yet , despite an ocean of time having passed since that first enchanting step onto the ice , there is still an element of that thrill present whenever she competes . "  The first time I ever performed , I remember being so excited . I remember I just could n't wait to get my dress on , " she recalls . "  It changes a lot as you get older but it 's always fun to compete when you 're at such a young age -- you 've got no worries , no pressure and no stress . You 're just so excited , bouncing to get on the ice . "  You go through a lot of different emotions and changes throughout the years -- some good , some bad . " All those early memories certainly filter into the former category . Her prodigious rise after first picking up her skates culminated in that unprecedented inclusion in the Great Britain squad for someone so young . McCorkell has enjoyed success on the international stage , winning gold medals at several prestigious events , and finishing in the top 10 at two European Championships . But it is on her own territory that she is peerless -- last year 's British title success was her eighth in a row . "  Winning 11 titles is quite something , " she said of her epic run . "  Somebody asked me how does it feel and I said , ` Old ! ' After 11 years of being British champion , it 's quite an achievement and I 'm really , really proud of it and proud of everyone that has supported me . "  You start to learn to cope with the fact that more and more is expected of you . I think the motivation to continue comes from wanting it more and more for myself . " There is an epic beauty about figure skating that resonates with the public . The effortless grace of competitors performing to music has produced iconic moments in the sport , sparked by a flawless sequence at the 1984 Winter Olympics . Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean 's pairs routine in Sarajevo enchanted the public and judges alike , securing the British pair a perfect score from the judges -- a feat that had never been done before . It wo n't happen in the future either , after a change in the judging system on the back of a controversial ruling at the 2002 Winter Olympics . Russian pair Elena Berezhnaya and Anton Sikharulidze took gold in the mixed pairs despite many believing Canada 's Jamie SalÃ © and David Pelletier should have triumphed . The new code means each skater gets a base value for every move they perform in a routine , based on its difficulty , even if they fall while doing it . That means a skater who has fallen can still score higher than a competitor who has skated cleanly . Consequently , routines are become more audacious , and some skaters are now pushing the boundaries by attempting quadruple axels -- four aerial revolutions on a jump . "  I love skating because on the ice you just feel free , " McCorkell says . "  You 're never at your limit . "  You can always try more -- there are so many goals , so much more you can do with the sport developing like it is , with the new judging system . "  It 's more difficult for people like me who 've been in the sport a long time to adapt to new things because our bodies are not like the fresh 15-year-olds who 've been brought up in the new judging system . "  So that 's something that 's quite difficult . For the older generation , I think it 's getting quite exciting , especially in the men 's events -- it 's getting crazy with the quad jumps . "  Before , it was unbelievable if they did one quad and now you 've got guys , maybe five or six guys , doing three different quads in a program so it 's quite exciting . " Looming large on the horizon is the pinnacle of any figure skating career -- the Winter Olympics . McCorkell made her first appearance at Vancouver 2010 , and though she says her memories will last a lifetime , a disappointing 29th placing will also linger . "  It was an amazing experience I 'll never forget , " she says . "  Walking out at the opening ceremony , the feeling was just overwhelming . "  That 's something nobody can ever take away from you -- no matter what those results are , you always have those memories . "  In Vancouver , I did n't have my best skate . It was probably my worst performance in the previous four years and I have no explanation as to why . It was just one of those days . "  It just did n't happen , so I think that it can always be better than that and I think I 'm in a better place mentally now than I was then so hopefully it will all be OK . "  I 'm pretty excited about Sochi now . It 's getting closer and closer . "  The training is starting to pay off in the competitions so my results have been gradually increasing through the season and I hope that will continue and I hope I skate my best there for myself . " A strong performance in Sochi would represent a fitting finale to a distinguished and illustrious career that will officially end in March . "  After Sochi , I 'll go to the world championships in Japan and then I 'll retire , that 'll be my last competitive season , " McCorkell added . "  I think after so long , I 've achieved more than I could ever have dreamed of and I hope to have a good end to the season and then that 'll be me -- done . "	Jenna McCorkell is an 11-time British figure skating champion from Northern Ireland McCorkell was included in the Great Britain team when she was just 10 years old She 's preparing to compete in her second Winter Olympics at Sochi in February The 27-year-old says it is "  insane " how skating is evolving
CNN  -- Polish goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski made two sorry blunders as Arsenal crashed to a 2-1 defeat in their Champions League last 16 clash against Porto at Estadio do Dragao . Fabianski , standing in for the injured Manuel Almunia saw a soft shot go past him for Porto 's opener . Comeback defender Sol Campbell quickly leveled for Arsenal but it was his back-pass which was picked up by Fabianski to concede a free kick which led to Porto 's winner in the second half . Porto were ahead after just 11 minutes as he was horribly caught out of position by a low right wing cross cum shot from Silvestre Varela which deflected off his diving body and over the line . In an open game , Arsenal were quickly level as Thomas Vermaelen and then Tomas Rosicky worked a Samir Nasri corner to Campbell who headed home from close range on 16 minutes . It was Campbell 's first goal for Arsenal since the 2006 Champions League final . Fabianski mixed brilliance with his mistakes as he did well to keep out a fine shot from Micael on 29 minutes . Arsenal thought they should have had a penalty when Tomas Rosicky was pulled down , but soon afterwards they found themselves behind again . Hesitancy between Campbell and Fabianski led to the keeper picking up the ball just inside the penalty area . With Campbell still debating the decision , claiming it was not a deliberate back-pass , Porto took the free-kick immediately - which Micael quickly tapped to Falcao for the Colombian to roll the ball into an empty net . Porto pressed hard for a third ahead of the second leg in London but Arsenal held out to limit their losses . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger accused referee Martin Hansson of a "  massive mistake " after his side 's defeat . "  I believe it  the back-pass  was accidental , Sol touched it accidentally , " Wenger told ITV1 . "  And the referee should give us time to build the wall . " In the other last 16 clash on Wednesday , Bayern Munich clinched a 2-1 win over 10-man Fiorentina in the Allianz Arena . Arjen Robben put the Bundesliga side ahead with a penalty just before halftime , but Per Kroldrup gave the Italian visitors a deserved equalizer five minutes into the second half . Referee Tom Henning Ovrebro , who took charge of the controversial semifinal between champions Barcelona and Chelsea last season , was in the spotlight again as he controversially sent off Fiorentina 's Massimo Gobbi for an apparently innocuous tackle . Miroslav Klose , who many deemed fortunate to stay on the field for a more robust challenge , then headed home a late Bayern winner with Fiorentina claiming he was offside .	Lucasz Fabianski blunders led to both Porto goals in their 2-1 home win over Arsenal Sol Campbell scores Arsenal 's equalizer before Portuguese side score second after break Bayern Munich score controversial 2-1 home win over 10-man Fiorentina
The United States and several Arab nations carried out airstrikes against ISIS in Syria early Tuesday , intensifying the campaign against the Islamic militant group . Tomahawk missiles launched from the sea began the strikes against the Sunni Muslim extremists , followed by bombers and fighters . Here are answers to key questions about the new phase in the conflict with ISIS : Which areas were hit ? The bombing has focused on the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa , a city in northern Syria . ISIS has had control of Raqqa for more than a year , imposing its brutal interpretation of Islamic law on the city 's residents . The extremists have made the city , which sits on the banks of the Euphrates River , the de facto capital of their self-declared "  Islamic State " that stretches across large areas of Syria and Iraq . ISIS targets around other Syrian cities -- Deir Ezzor , Al Hasakah and Abu Kamal -- were also hit in the strikes . What is the Khorasan Group ? What was struck ? The attacks damaged multiple ISIS targets , the U.S. military said , including training compounds , headquarters , storage facilities , supply trucks and armed vehicles . "  Usually the first part of any air campaign are strategic targets -- fixed locations , big buildings , things that you do n't need a guy on the ground to laser-designate , " said retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona , an Air Force veteran intelligence officer and CNN military analyst . The Pentagon also said ISIS fighters were hit in the strikes but did n't specify how many . In Raqqa , a building in the governor 's compound , a post office and a recruitment center were among the sites struck , activists reported . Maps : Arab nations join U.S. , expand fight against terror to Syria Why is Raqqa a focus of the initial strikes ? The city is known as a place where ISIS houses training centers , weapons depots and accommodations for fighters . During the Syrian conflict , the group has also seized military bases from the Syrian regime near the city and in the wider Raqqa province . The targets hit by the airstrikes are intended to hurt ISIS ' ability to command and control , resupply and train , a senior U.S. military official told CNN 's Jim Sciutto . ISIS has made Raqqa the flagship for its model of governance , providing food , fuel and security to people struggling to survive after years of civil war . But it also imposed hardline Islamist law there and metes out harsh punishment to those who do n't follow orders . Locals started calling the city Tora Bora last year , saying it felt as if the Taliban of Afghanistan had taken over . Who is taking part in the airstrikes ? All the foreign partners participating in the strikes with the United States are Arab countries : Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Jordan , Bahrain and Qatar . "  It 's a remarkable diplomatic achievement , " said CNN Political Commentator Peter Beinhart . "  I do n't think it was expected that there would be this much Arab support . " How long will the attacks go on ? For a while . The first wave of strikes was expected to last into the early hours of Tuesday morning in Syria , CNN 's Sciutto reported . It is aimed at striking a strong initial blow , a senior U.S. official told CNN . The aerial campaign on ISIS targets in Syria is expected to continue beyond Tuesday . Counterterrorism expert Philip Mudd said Tuesday 's attacks were "  just the start . " "  This is not a definitive blow , " said Mudd , who previously worked for the CIA . "  When this gets interesting to me as a former practitioner is six months down the road , when a second-tier ISIS commander starts to create some sort of cell to recruit foreigners from Europe or the United States or Canada into Syria , do we still have the will and capability , and the intelligence , to locate that person , or that group of people , and put lead on the target ? " What happens next ? U.S. military officials will be trying to assess the effectiveness of the first night of bombing . Some analysts have suggested that ISIS had already started dispersing its assets and fighters after President Barack Obama 's warning of action in Syria earlier this month . The response of ISIS fighters to the initial strikes may give military officials clues on what to target next . "  The follow-up to some of these strikes is -- what are their actions now ? " said retired Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling , a CNN military analyst . "  There is intelligence that flows from the initial strike , " he said . The Arab governments involved in the strikes could also face discontent among their own people . "  Parts of the population do not agree with Sunni going against Sunni , " Hertling said . The United States is also pushing for a binding resolution at the U.N. General Assembly this week that aims to prevent and track the travel of foreign fighters to Syria . How has ISIS reacted ? There was no immediate confirmed comment from the militant group on the strikes . ISIS ' official Bayan Radio tweeted a photo that it claimed showed damage to a communications tower in Raqqa . CNN was n't immediately able to independently verify the image . The militant group has increased security patrols in Raqqa , an opposition activist told CNN . ISIS has previously linked the U.S. campaign of airstrikes in Iraq to its decision to execute three of its Western hostages -- two Americans and one Briton . It also recently called for attacks against the United States and its allies . How have Syrian opposition groups reacted ? Hadi al Bahra , the President of the Syrian Opposition Coalition , welcomed the strikes . "  Tonight , the international community has joined our fight against ISIS in Syria , " he said in a statement . "  We have called for airstrikes such as those that commenced tonight with a heavy heart and deep concern , as these strikes begin in our own homeland . We insist that utmost care is taken to avoid civilian casualties . " Did the U.S. consult with the Syrian government beforehand ? The regime of President Bashar al-Assad said it was given a heads-up about the attacks through its ambassador to the United Nations in New York . A senior U.S. State Department official confirmed that the U.S. notified the Syrian regime of the planned action , but the official said that the Obama administration did n't seek the regime 's permission or coordinate with it . Finding the ` right ' Syrian rebels Beinhart said al-Assad 's government may end up as "  the real winner " from the airstrikes on ISIS , since the moderate U.S.-backed rebels are n't "  in a position to take this territory that we are pulverizing from the air . " Did Obama have the authority to begin the attacks ? The White House argues it does n't need any new authority ; that it 's using an existing authorization to combat al Qaeda to expand its airstrike campaign . But some lawmakers say it 's Congress ' role , not the President 's , to declare war . They say they were open to holding a vote on military action against ISIS -- but not until after the midterm elections in November . "  It was one thing to attack in Iraq , where you had a government that wanted us to , " Beinhart said . "  But Congress did not vote for U.S. airstrikes in Syria and we do n't have a government requesting us to do that . " What are U.S. lawmakers saying ? When the strikes began , Congress had already left town to campaign for the midterm elections , and most of the reaction came from those who had pressed the administration to act sooner . Privately , many of them conceded they were relieved not to have to take a vote on a controversial issue just weeks before voters went to the polls in November .	The strikes focus on Raqqa , the de facto capital of ISIS ' self-declared Islamic state Saudi Arabia , Jordan , the UAE , Qatar and Bahrain take part , the U.S. military says "  It 's a remarkable diplomatic achievement , " says a CNN political commentator Pentagon : The sites hit include training compounds , headquarters , storage facilities
CNN  -- Travel through the southern Rockies into the central Plains "  will be dangerous , if not impossible " Tuesday , forecasters warned , as a winter weather system blasts broad swaths of the West and Midwest . Blizzard warnings stretched from southeast Colorado through western Kansas , the Oklahoma panhandle and far northern Texas , according to the National Weather Service . "  Blizzard conditions with wind chill temperatures below zero are expected , " the agency said . Warnings that had threatened northeast New Mexico , however , had expired by late Tuesday morning . Still , winter storm warnings stretched farther across that state , Colorado and into Kansas . Heavy snowfall was reported in eastern Colorado and western Kansas on Tuesday , along with freezing rain and sleet across south-central Kansas . Blustery winds of 20 to 50 mph were also reported . But "  it appears the heaviest snowfall with this system has ended , as the disturbance tracks toward eastern Oklahoma , " the National Weather Service said . Snow across the Rockies was expected to end late Tuesday morning , but will continue across the central Plains until late in the day , the weather agency said . But areas such as Pie Town , New Mexico , and La Junta and Springfield , Colorado , have already seen more than 15 inches of snowfall since Sunday evening . Interstates and highways were shut down Monday night as at least five states contended with heavy snow , fierce winds and ice . Visibility in parts of western Kansas and southeast Colorado was less than a quarter-mile , said Ariel Cohen , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center in Norman , Oklahoma . New Mexico State Police shut down Interstate 40 , a major east-west artery , from Albuquerque to the Texas state line , saying there was zero visibility because of blowing snow . Interstate 25 was shut down from just north of Albuquerque to the Colorado state line because of the blizzard conditions , which included snow-packed and icy roads . Are you there ? Tell us about it . The state police also shut down U.S. and state highways in the northeast corner of the state . Texas authorities closed I-40 westbound in the Texas panhandle at New Mexico 's request Tuesday morning but had reopened it by mid-afternoon . "  Our biggest concern is ice coming out of Amarillo , " said Gabriel Medrano , a spokesman for the state 's Department of Public Safety . "  We had several calls for stranded motorists . We had troopers and National Guard assisting , pulling people from their vehicles . " Vehicle crashes were reported around Amarillo , which lies along I-40 in the Texas panhandle , he added . Medrano said his office had received "  dozens  of  calls for assistance , " though most of them came from people "  west out of Oldham County . " His agency and the Texas Department of Transportation said motel rooms had filled in Tucumcari , New Mexico , the first major town on I-40 across the state line , because drivers were n't allowed to travel any farther on the highway . Meteorologists call the storm system a strong one that is producing "  very hazardous " conditions . And while such storms typically occur around winter , the large area of strong winds combined with the snow is considered unusual . Texas Gov. Rick Perry activated the Texas Military Forces as a precaution to provide help on the roads , his office said . Snow accumulations of up to 6 inches were likely , with higher accumulations expected across the northwest Texas Panhandle , Perry 's office added . Flights were canceled at Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport for Tuesday morning , spokesman Patrick Rhodes said , but normal operations have since resumed . To the north , in the Oklahoma panhandle , U.S. highways were closed and transportation workers were salting the roads , according to Michaelann Ootean of the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management . Roads and highways were "  completely snow-packed " or covered with ice in much of western Kansas on Monday , according to the state 's Department of Transportation . They included Interstate 70 , which crosses the state from west to east , and Interstate 135 through Salina . U.S. highways 50 and 54 were shut in southwest Kansas . The DOT said U.S. 50 was closed because of blizzard conditions and "  multiple accidents " in Colorado . The Colorado Department of Transportation shut down highways across the southeastern part of the state because of snow and icy conditions . Interstate 25 was shut southbound from Pueblo to the New Mexico state line , and the DOT said lodging was unavailable south of Colorado City . Northbound I-25 remained open . CNN 's Nick Valencia , Tracy Sabo and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities reopened I-40 westbound in the Texas panhandle Blizzard warnings that had threatened northeast New Mexico have expired New Mexico , Colorado , Kansas , Oklahoma and Texas are affected Normal operations have resumed at Texas ' Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport
CNN  -- On Monday , three lucky diners nibbled a $ 325,000 burger -- not in the name of luxury but in the name of science , animal rights and sustainability . The meat was grown in a lab . This in-vitro hamburger is "  cultured " in many different ways : It 's the product of human ingenuity , it 's considerate of humans , animals and the planet , and it 's produced through growing cells . Tasters declared the hamburger a little dry , and you wo n't be able to buy one any time soon . But that 's not the point : It 's a proof of concept prototype -- evidence that it is physically possible to produce meat through cell culture . It 's a step toward a day when meat can be produced in a cost-effective , time-efficient and completely animal-free manner . By collecting cells from healthy animals and culturing them in a sterile environment , we can grow animal muscle and bypass slaughter and inhumane treatment . We can establish a safer food supply by avoiding conditions that promote the spread of disease . And we can take a major step toward improving our impact on the environment , including a dramatic reduction in greenhouse gas emissions . But perhaps the most radical aspect of cultured meat is that its development has been nearly entirely philanthropic , funded largely by individual donors and foundations . The funding behind the creation of this cultured hamburger did not come from a private company or a government but from the forward-thinking co-founder of Google , Sergey Brin . He donated dollars to seek a novel and transformative solution to the world 's meat problem . This hamburger was developed by Mark Post , a Dutch researcher at the University of Maastricht . The nonprofit organization New Harvest also has been instrumental in advancing cultured meat . By funding scientific research directly , using donations from individuals and advising both the Dutch government and Brin 's foundation to support cultured meat research , New Harvest has been a key player in keeping development of this new technology cooperative and a concerted worldwide effort . All of this research remains in the public domain . The implications of it being available to all are very promising . At first glance , cultured meat might seem to be a homogenizing of our food choices . But beer is a biotech product with many tastes and types . How it is produced is public information . And that makes the business of beer vastly different from the business of , say , transgenic crops . The production of beer requires living organisms -- yeast -- and nourishment for those organisms -- grain . How these elements come together with others to make beer is straightforward in theory , and nuanced in practice . The products are varied and distinct . Cultured meat production is extremely similar . Explained simply , all that is required is a cell line and nourishment for those cells . How the cells are grown , and under what conditions , are adjustable . The potential variety of materials and processes will allow cultured meat to take on many distinctly unique forms , flavors and textures . Any intellectual property protection in beer production is negligible . Nothing holds back the home brewer or the craft brewer from creating one-of-a-kind offerings . Perhaps it is the lack of clear intellectual property protection opportunities for cultured meat that has kept Big Food companies at arm 's length to date . To extend the analogy further , consider the visuals of brewing : stainless steel bioreactors containing living organisms and biological reactions , and controlled aseptic environments . Not only do we tour these facilities as a casual weekend activity , we are also pleased to eat or drink in their presence at a microbrewery or brew pub . Imagine that within those stainless steel walls , meat was brewing . Contrast this with the facilities that produce meat today , and you can appreciate just how much cultured meat is a concept that can shake up current systems . As Einstein said , we ca n't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them . It 's a new way of thinking because this is food science by the public , for the public . It prompts a widespread conversation about a food technology years in advance of its market release rather than years afterward . It 's a new way of thinking because it 's a technology largely driven by societal demand and people have pushed this forward , as donors to a cause . The biggest reasons why cultured meat has n't progressed further is a lack of funding and a lack of creative understanding . We 're not used to food technology being a positive solution . We 're not used to food development being nonprofit . And we 're not used to a nonprofit group generally categorized as an animal rights/environmentalist group requiring a cancer research-scale budget . But we 're learning . Some people might think the meat has a "  yuck " factor . We should all get over it . We 've embraced all kinds of technologies that first seemed like science fiction -- think in-vitro fertilization and Google Glass . The yuck factor associated with modern-day factory farming is undeniable . And meat seems to be recalled for bacterial contamination every other month , and we still buy it . It makes no sense . In many ways the hamburger as we know it is a symbol of the meat problem : the globalization of food , overconsumption , illogical food pricing and fast-food culture . The cultured hamburger symbolizes something else : our opportunity to take back food technology . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Isha Datar .	A hamburger that cost $ 325,000 to create in a lab was served this week Isha Datar : It 's not ready for market but proves we can make meat through cell culture Datar : Cultured meat is good for the environment , safe , and it eliminates animal slaughter Datar : It 's not funded by companies or government but by individuals and foundations
CNN  -- Football 's ruling body is investigating reports that North Korea 's national team and head coach were humiliated by government officials following a disastrous showing at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . The North Koreans , playing at the tournament for the first time since 1966 , suffered an embarrassing 7-0 thrashing by Portugal and also lost to five-time world champions Brazil and the Ivory Coast . The players , except for Japan-born Jong Tae-se and An Yong-hak , were summoned to a large auditorium on return to Pyongyang last month and subjected to a six-hour interrogation , according to Radio Free Asia . Coach Kim Jong Hun was expelled from the Workers ' Party and forced to do hard labor as punishment , sources told the station . He was reportedly accused of betraying Young Gen. Kim Jong Un , the anointed heir of the regime 's longtime leader Kim Jong-Il . FIFA president Sepp Blatter told a press conference in Singapore on Wednesday that the governing body had made contact with the North Korean Football Association . " -LSB- We contacted them -RSB- to tell us about the election of a new president , and if it is true , the allegations made by the media that the coach and some players have been condemned or punished , " Blatter said in quotes carried by the UK Press Association . "  The first step is the federation and we 'll see what the answer will be , and then we can elaborate on that . " Blatter said FIFA , which has strict rules about no government interference in member associations ' affairs , was wary of making an official statement about the reports . "  We once had a case in another country where it was said players were also condemned and under physical pressure , and we sent someone and it turned out not to be true , " he said in quotes carried by the AFP agency . "  So let 's see what we hear before we make an official statement . " Blatter , who is in Singapore for the Youth Olympic Games ' football tournament , also confirmed that the International Football Association Board would be discussing the possible introduction of goal-line technology at its meeting in October . The issue came to a head again at the World Cup , where England had a goal wrongly disallowed against Germany and Argentina were awarded an offside goal against Mexico .	FIFA contacts North Korean FA to investigate reports of government interference Players reportedly faced six-hour critique in auditorium on return from World Cup Coach said to have been sentenced to hard labor after team lost all three matches FIFA has strict rules about no government interference with its member associations
CNN  American suburbanites who can do all their shopping without getting wet , driving from point-to-point or looking for a new place to park , can give much of the credit to Alfred Taubman . Taubman , a real estate developer who helped change the face of suburban life by popularizing upscale indoor shopping malls , died Friday at the age of 91 . The announcement was made by his son , Robert Taubman , the chairman , president and chief executive officer of Taubman Centers Inc. , the company his father founded 65 years ago . A. Alfred Taubman -- his first name was Adolph -- was born January 31 , 1924 , in Michigan to German Jewish immigrants who hit hard times during the Great Depression . "  I started working when I was 9 , " he told an interviewer in 2007 . "  I really wanted to make some money . " An Army Air Force veteran of World War II , he studied architecture at the University of Michigan and Lawrence Institute of Technology near Detroit , and worked for an architectural firm , but decided that drawing was n't the path to success . "  I wanted to build . " In his autobiography , "  Threshold Resistance : The Extraordinary Career of a Luxury Retailing Pioneer , " Taubman said that when he "  looked over the horizon , I saw that there was money to be made by people who could build and own stores or , better yet , groups of stores . " He founded the Taubman Co. in 1950 and began to demonstrate what the company 's website calls an "  ability to assess and overcome threshold resistance -- a phrase he coined to describe the psychological and physical barriers that keep a shopper from entering a store . " As the post-war growth of suburbia continued , retail developers like Taubman began to consider what that might mean : More and more people needed places to shop . Taubman embarked on multi-store developments in the 1950s , in places like Flint and Taylor , Michigan , and in 1961 broke ground on his first large mall , the 350,000-square-foot Arborland project in Ann Arbor . "  Demographically , I looked at the numbers , and as far as I was concerned we could n't miss , " he recalled in 2007 . "  And we did n't . " Indeed not . This year , Forbes estimated his net worth at $ 3.1 billion , and the company 's U.S. malls generate average annual sales of $ 809 per square foot , according to the company 's website . But if Alfred Taubman gained fame and amassed billions as one of the people who helped define suburban life , he gained notoriety along the way , as well . In 1983 , he bought the renowned international auction house Sotheby 's . And in 2002 he was jailed following a conviction for conspiring with rival auction house Christie 's to fix auction house commission rates to maximize profits . He was released in 2003 after having served nine months in prison . He always maintained his innocence , saying one of his underlings had lied about him to keep from going to prison herself . Taubman was renowned for his attention to detail , knowledge of design and for developing some of the best-known malls in the United States . He first project was a freestanding bridal shop in Detroit . Over more than six decades , his company operated nearly 20 properties in the continental U.S. , including well-known developments such as the Beverly Center in Los Angeles , The Mall at Short Hills in New Jersey and The Shops at Crystals , in Las Vegas . His designs evolved over the years to include not only enclosed malls but various styles of open-air developments . And his influence stretched far from the American soil and into the thriving markets of China and South Korea . People we 've lost in 2015 Taubman remained active until the end of his life . He devoted much of his energy in his later years to philanthropic activities . And , just over three weeks before his death , he attended the grand opening of The Mall of San Juan in Puerto Rico with his sons Robert and William . According to a statement by Robert Taubman , the patriarch had dinner in his home in Bloomfield Hills , Michigan , on Friday , then died of a heart attack . In addition to his sons , Robert and William , he is survived by a daughter , Gayle Taubman Kalisman , who is co-chair of the A. Alfred Taubman Medical Research Institute 's advisory board , two stepchildren , and his second wife , Judith Mazor Rounick , a former Miss Israel . CNN 's Cameron Tankersley contributed to this report .	Alfred Taubman , who died Friday , was active in philanthropy and worth an estimated $ 3.1 billion Amid suburban boom of the '50s , he realized people would need places to shop : " ... we could n't miss " We was convicted in 2002 of trying to rig auction house commissions ; he maintained he was innocent
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An extensive federal report released Monday concludes that roughly one in four of the 697,000 U.S. veterans of the 1990-91 Gulf War suffer from Gulf War illness . A U.S. soldier wears protection against chemical weapons during the Gulf War in a February 1991 photo . That illness is a condition now identified as the likely consequence of exposure to toxic chemicals , including pesticides and a drug administered to protect troops against nerve gas . The 452-page report states that "  scientific evidence leaves no question that Gulf War illness is a real condition with real causes and serious consequences for affected veterans . " The report , compiled by a panel of scientific experts and veterans serving on the congressionally mandated Research Advisory Committee on Gulf War Veterans ' Illnesses , fails to identify any cure for the malady . It also notes that few veterans afflicted with Gulf War illness have recovered over time . "  Today 's report brings to a close one of the darkest chapters in the legacy of the 1991 Gulf War , " said Anthony Hardie , a member of the committee and a member of the advocacy group Veterans of Modern Warfare . "  This is a bittersweet victory , -LSB- because -RSB- this is what Gulf War veterans have been saying all along , " Hardie said at a news conference in Washington . "  Years were squandered by the federal government ... trying to disprove that anything could be wrong with Gulf War veterans . " The committee 's report , titled "  Gulf War Illness and the Health of Gulf War Veterans , " was officially presented Monday to Secretary of Veterans Affairs James Peake . Noting that overall funding for research into Gulf War illness has declined dramatically since 2001 , it calls for a "  renewed federal research commitment " to "  identify effective treatments for Gulf War illness and address other priority Gulf War health issues . " Watch CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen report more on Gulf War illness " According to the report , Gulf War illness is a "  complex of multiple concurrent symptoms " that "  typically includes persistent memory and concentration problems , chronic headaches , widespread pain , gastrointestinal problems , and other chronic abnormalities . " The illness may also be potentially tied to higher rates of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ALS  -- more commonly known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease -- among Gulf War veterans than veterans of other conflicts . The illness is identified as the consequence of multiple "  biological alterations " affecting the brain and nervous system . iReport.com : Do you know someone affected by Gulf War illness ? While it is sometimes difficult to issue a specific diagnosis of the disease , it is , according to the report , no longer difficult to identify a cause . The report identifies two Gulf War "  neurotoxic " exposures that "  are causally associated with Gulf War illness . " The first is the ingestion of pyridostigmine bromide  PB  pills , given to protect troops from effects of nerve agents . The second is exposure to dangerous pesticides used during the conflict . The report does not rule out other possible contributors to Gulf War illness -- including low-level exposure to nerve agents and close proximity to oil well fires -- though it fails to establish any clear link . The report concludes there is no clear link between the illness and a veteran 's exposure to factors such as depleted uranium or an anthrax vaccine administered at the time . "  Gulf War illness is n't some imaginary syndrome , " said Ken Robinson , the senior intelligence officer for the initial Department of Defense investigation into Gulf War illness in 1996-97 . "  This is real , and it has devastated families . Now is the time to restore the funding cuts that have been made in the Veterans Administration . Our mission has to be to ensure that these veterans get help and become whole again . " Robinson noted that soldiers in the field today are not at risk for Gulf War illness , because the military is no longer using the PB pills or pesticides that led to the illness in 1990 and 1991 . The report backs Robinson 's conclusion , noting that no problem similar to Gulf War illness has been discovered among veterans from the conflict in Bosnia in the 1990s or in the current engagements in Afghanistan and Iraq . The committee report also backs Robinson 's call for more effective treatments among veterans suffering from Gulf War illness . Noting that overall funding for research into Gulf War illness has declined dramatically since 2001 , it calls for a "  renewed federal research commitment " to "  identify effective treatments for Gulf War illness and address other priority Gulf War health issues . " Specifically , the report calls for at least $ 60 million in new annual federal funding on research committed to improving the health of Gulf War veterans .	NEW : Officer who investigated illness : "  This is real , and it has devastated families " One in four Gulf War veterans suffer from Gulf War illness , report says Pesticides , drug used to thwart effects of nerve gas called most likely to blame Illness termed "  a real condition with real causes and serious consequences "
CNN  -- A family in Saudi Arabia has taken a genie to court , alleging theft and harassment , according to local media . The lawsuit filed in Shariah court accuses the genie of leaving them threatening voicemails , stealing their cell phones and hurling rocks at them when they leave their house at night , said Al-Watan newspaper . An investigation was under way , local court officials said . "  We have to verify the truthfulness of this case despite the difficulty of doing so , " Sheikh Amr Al Salmi , the head of the court , told Al-Watan . "  What makes this case and complaint more interesting is that it was n't filed by just one person . Every member of the family is part of this case . " The family , which has lived in the same house near the holy city of Medina for 15 years , said it became aware of the spirit in the past two years . "  We began hearing strange noises , " the head of the family , who requested anonymity , told Al-Watan . "  In the beginning , we did n't take it seriously , but after that , stranger things started happening and the children got really scared when the genie began throwing stones . " A local charity has moved the family to a temporary residence while a court investigates , the newspaper said . In Islamic cultures , a belief in genies , or jinns , is common . Genies not only appear in pre-Islamic fiction such as "  Arabian Nights , " but are also mentioned in the Quran . Many Saudis believe invisible genies live among them and are capable of demonic possession and revenge . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Every member of family alleges spirit lurks in home they 've had for 15 years Family said it became aware of the spirit in the past two years In Islamic cultures , a belief in genies , or jinns , is common
CNN  -- A Border Patrol agent was shot and killed Tuesday , while another was wounded near Naco , Arizona , authorities said . The agents fell under fire after responding to a sensor that had gone off near the border , according to a statement from U.S. Customs and Border Protection . The agent killed was identified as 30-year-old Nicholas Ivie . A native of Provo , Utah , he joined the Border Patrol in January 2008 . Ivie is survived by a wife and two children . The agent who was wounded was not identified . After the shooting , he was airlifted to an area hospital and was reported to be in stable condition . His injuries were not life-threatening . "  Agent Ivie died in the line of duty , protecting our nation against those who threaten our way of life . His death only strengthens our resolve to enforce the rule of law and bring those responsible to justice , " Deputy Commissioner David Aguilar said in a statement . The FBI is conducting a joint investigation with the Cochise County Sheriff 's Office . James Turgal , special agent in charge of the FBI for the Phoenix division , declined to say whether the agents involved in the incident returned fire . He also declined to comment on whether any weapons had been found . Lanny Breuer , assistant attorney general for the Criminal Division of the Justice Department , said investigators are at the scene . "  Every time that a law enforcement person is either killed or shot or injured in the line of duty , we have to take a moment and think of our families and think of the heroes involved , " Breuer said . Agent Ivie is the 14th killed in the line of duty since 2008 , including three this year . He was killed near a border station recently named for Brian Terry , whose 2010 death led to the public disclosure of the botched Fast and Furious gun-smuggling sting , according to Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa . "  There 's no way to know at this point how the agent was killed , but because of Operation Fast and Furious , we 'll wonder for years if the guns used in any killing along the border were part of an ill-advised gunwalking strategy sanctioned by the federal government . It 's a sad commentary , " the Republican senator said . Turgal declined to comment on whether there could be a possible Fast and Furious connection to Tuesday 's killing . CNN 's Deanna Proeller and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	The agent is identified as 30-year-old Nicholas Ivie Another agent is wounded The FBI and a local sheriff 's office are conducting a joint investigation Ivie is the third Border Patrol agent killed in the line of duty this year
CNN  -- When Siri , the voice "  assistant " on the iPhone , made its debut in 2011 , it was welcomed as futuristic way to interact with our gadgets . You could ask it simple questions , banter and flirt , or launch applications with one push of a button and without slogging through touchscreen menus . Two years later , Apple is giving Siri a major overhaul as part of Wednesday 's upgrade to its iOS 7 mobile operating system , and it 's marking the occasion by finally dropping Siri 's "  beta " label .  Calling software beta usually means it is still a work in progress and that the company is ironing out any bugs . What else has changed in the full-fledged , non-beta Siri ? The most obvious update is that it has added an option for a male voice . iPhone owners in the UK already had a male Siri voice , but this is the first time it will be available in American English and German , with more languages expected to get their own male versions in the near future . Hands-on impressions of the new iPhones The voice gender can be swapped on the phone by going to Settings > General > Siri . The female voice has also been improved to sound a little more natural . Though Siri 's new male voice is a few octaves lower , the words and answers seem to stay the same . Guy Siri still has the same canned responses to joke questions like "  What are you wearing ? "  "  Aluminosilicate glass and aluminum . Nice , huh ? "  and the phrasing of its answers to real questions does n't seem to change between the male and female settings . Visually , Siri has been overhauled so its design on the phone 's screen is more in line with iOS 7 's flattened look . Instead of a dark gray background sliding up from the bottom , it throws a translucent blurred background over whatever screen is on your phone when you launch Siri . It shows a single wavy line that moves as it registers your voice . Siri has added Twitter and Wikipedia integration , so you can ask to see recent tweets about a hot news story or see the Wikipedia entry for something specific without leaving the Siri interface . You can ask to see what 's trending on Twitter , tweets for a specific hashtag , or simply , "  What 's going on ? " New iPhone hardware , software a boon for gamers Siri has also expanded its powers to include control of common iPhone settings , something that was noticeably missing in beta Siri . You can now turn settings like Bluetooth and Wi-Fi on and off , change your screen brightness , turn on Do Not Disturb or view a specific app 's settings . If you use the new iTunes Radio feature , you can vocally express your enthusiasm or displeasure with specific songs to customize music stations . One of the biggest challenges facing new Siri is some serious competition from Google . Slowly and with less fanfare , Google has been building up its own powerful natural-language voice search in recent years . Although it lacks a catchy anthropomorphic name , Google Voice Search takes on many of the same tasks as Siri . In addition to typical Google search results , it pulls answers from Gmail , Google Calendar and other Google accounts the way Siri does from the e-mail , contacts and calendar apps on the iPhone . Google Voice Search is less chatty , but by cutting out extra words it is sometimes faster to return an answer . It can not be used to control phone settings or launch applications on an iPhone , but if you are a Google Account user it is a legitimate alternative for tasks like calendaring . The competition between the two companies helps explain the new Siri 's most unfortunate change . Siri has dropped Google as its default search engine of choice and switched to Microsoft 's Bing . When a question ca n't be answered by Siri itself or a Wikipedia entry , it will pull up web results from Bing directly in Siri . Unlike in Safari , there 's no way to switch the default search engine to Google . Keeping answers in Siri does save time , however . Previously a Siri Web search would launch Google in Safari , requiring you to unlock the phone . But do n't dismay , Google fans . You can still ask Siri to "  Google " something , and it will launch Safari and do a regular Google search . Opinion : Give Apple your fingerprint ? It 's your call	Apple is updating its Siri voice assistant feature on Wednesday Siri will get an optional male voice and will integrate Twitter and Wikipedia results Siri faces stiff competition from Google 's Voice Search , which can also be used on the iPhone As part of the overhaul , Siri is no longer labeled a "  beta " product
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A dream come true , a part of history , an accomplishment for all of us . Margret Forsythe , left , and Evadey Minott came to Tuesday 's inaugural events from Brooklyn , New York . Millions of people gathered on the Mall in Washington on Tuesday to celebrate the inauguration of the 44th U.S. president , Barack Obama . "  This is America happening , " said Evadey Minott of Brooklyn , New York . "  It was prophesied by -LSB- the Rev. Martin Luther -RSB- King that we would have a day when everyone would come together . This is that day . I am excited . I am joyful . It brings tears to my eyes . " L.J. Caldwell of Somerset , New Jersey , said Obama 's inauguration capped five decades of struggle for African-Americans . "  When you think back , Malcolm -LSB- X -RSB- fought . Then we come a little further , Rosa Parks sat . Then come up a little further and Martin -LSB- King Jr. -RSB- spoke . Then today , President Obama ran and we won . " Watch Obama say Americans have "  chosen hope over fear " " Kim Akins , 43 , of Chicago , Illinois , who lives just blocks from Obama 's home , made the trek to Washington with her 8-year-old daughter , Chloe . Vanessa Reed , of Centerville , Virginia , took her daughters to spot on the inaugural parade route . "  I was going to take my daughter here if it was the last thing I did , " she said . "  It 's breathtaking . ... It 's overwhelming . " Vanessa Reed , of Centerville , Virginia , who brought her two young daughters to the inauguration , reflected on Obama 's speech as she sat with her daughters across from the presidential reviewing stand at the end of the parade route . "  It was beautiful . It spoke to the issues of the moment , " said Reed , who worked for the Obama campaign . "  I am proud this country saw what we saw in him . " Not as impressed , her youngest daughter , Brooke . "  It was so boring , " the 4-year-old said . Patrick Bragg , 44 , of Winston-Salem , North Carolina , contemplated the day as he tried to stay warm standing over steam vents on H Street . Patrick Bragg says he rode a bike 18 miles to get to downtown Washington on Tuesday morning . "  I 've been sitting here thinking -- it 's really beautiful , " said Bragg , who said he rode a bike 18 miles from Bethesda , Maryland , to attend Tuesday 's ceremonies . "  This is what I would consider the true representation of all of America . Obama gives everyone space at the table . " Some of those attending Tuesday recalled how they were part of the effort that culminated in the historic day . "  You remember why you are doing it all , why you were working so hard on the campaign making phone calls , knocking on doors and getting slammed in the face sometimes , " said iReport contributor Vanessa Palmer of the University of South Florida in Tampa . Howard University student Shakuwra Garrett , 18 , said she felt like "  a part of history . " "  I can carry this with me the rest of my life , " Garrett said . "  It 's an accomplishment for all of us . " The accomplishment crossed borders and oceans for some of those at Tuesday 's inauguration . "  The dream came true , " said Fatima Cone , 39 , who came to the U.S. from Ivory Coast , where her mother wears an Obama T-shirt . She conveyed the excitement her family feels in West Africa . "  The fight is the same for all blacks . It 's the same story . It 's the same fight wherever you come from , " Cone said . Canadians Peter and Susan Butler drove down from Toronto , Ontario , to see the event and "  support the American people . " iReport.com : Are you in Washington ? Share your story "  This is a world event , " Susan Butler said . "  We can tell our grandchildren we were here . " Brtion Simon Ginty called the Obama inauguration "  an international moment . " Simon Ginty of Manchester , England , said the world was celebrating Tuesday . "  This is an international moment as well as an American moment . I 'm excited to see how Obama changes things . I imagine things are gon na be on the up , " Ginty said . Eli Bracken , an iReporter from Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , drove into Washington early Tuesday to try to see the inauguration , but large crowds kept him away from the Mall . Instead , he watched on TV from a McDonald 's restaurant on E Street near the Canadian Embassy . The eatery went silent during the inaugural prayer , he said . "  It was just cool that everybody knew they were witnessing something awesome , " Bracken said . "  There were people gathered around every car they could just to hear it . " Dartmouth College student Amarita Sankar , 18 , watched Obama 's speech on the grounds of the Washington Monument . "  When ever I hear him speak , I want to be a better person . That 's what you want in a leader , " Sankar said . Gerrard Coles waited with a throng outside St. John 's Episcopal Church , where Obama and his wife , Michelle , went for a Tuesday morning prayer service . "  Everyone 's down here -- hopefully to catch a glimpse of Barack , just for a split second , " he said . Watch as Obamas head to church " Nearby was Bethesda , Maryland , 9-year-old Laura Bruggerman , waiting with her mother , Wendy , and father , Jeff . "  I want to see Obama . I think that would be really cool . I could tell all of my friends that I got to see him , " the girl said . The crowd tried to oblige , letting the children and shorter people move up front . Margaret Trowelle of Jersey City , New Jersey , gets strangers to autograph an inauguration hat Tuesday . Outside the church , Margaret Trowelle of Jersey City , New Jersey , showed off a hat she had signed by others she 's met in the nation 's capital . "  Everyone is so friendly , " she said . Benica Tripleti , from Eastern Kentucky University , was among a group of 54 people headed to the Mall . She said she had one goal -- "  to see Obama 's head . " Kathie Easom and Christine Hannon of upstate New York were looking to plant themselves on the Mall and watch the proceedings on a screen . "  It 's a once in a lifetime event , " Easom said . Eight rows behind the inauguration stand , Sylvia Schoen of Phoenix , Arizona , waited in the morning cold . "  It 's freezing . It 's worth it . It 's worth it , " she said . Watch the atmosphere surrounding the inauguration " "  Obama 's cause is all about the future . I think that 's why everyone 's so excited right now , " Schoen said . "  It 's like we can do anything . Look what we just did -- the people . The people did this . Not the politicians -- we did it . " Harvard University student Megan Starr , 21 , was impressed with the crowd . "  I 've never seen people excited about politics before , " she said . "  Usually they are politically apathetic , but people are getting involved . " Woodie Lee Durham of Buffalo , New York , says Tuesday marks a milestone for African-American influence . In a seating section for the disabled on the Mall , Woodie Lee Durham of Buffalo , New York , said Tuesday was a landmark for African-American influence on America . "  It is no longer a question ; this is the answer , " Durham said . IReporter Barbara Talisman , 48 , of Chicago , watched Tuesday from a spot on the Mall near the American Museum of Natural History . "  The historical significance of today and importance of our work made it necessary for me to be here and not at home . I want to be a witness , " Talisman said . Corey Waters of Selinsgrove , Pennsylvania , and his two sons , Thad and Matthew , set out on their inauguration journey at midnight . Waters said they hoped to get a spot near the Capitol and then find a second place later to see the inaugural parade . "  We want to be close to the swearing-in , " Waters said as the three walked with the crowd to the Mall . Watch an iReport of festivities on the Mall " After the speech , Decatur , Alabama , pastor Regina May , sat on a bench near St. John 's Church and looked ahead . "  I think he is fresh , " she said of Obama . "  He 's more than just an idea man . I think he can carry out his plans , and I 'm going to do all I can to help . " CNN 's Adam Levine , Ed Hornick , Valerie Streit , Scott J. Anderson and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	A McDonald 's in Washington goes silent as patrons watch inaugural "  This is America happening , " says New York woman Canadian says , "  This is a world event " Barack Obama 's election shows American people "  can do anything , " woman says
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- As Egypt marked the third anniversary of the January 25 revolution , many of the activists associated with it were behind bars , awaiting trial , or facing a vilification campaign that turned heroes into traitors . Meanwhile , the police whose brutal force stoked their anger three years ago vowed to protect the weekend celebrations . Wael Ghonim , the Google executive behind the Facebook page that helped mobilize support for the mass demonstrations in 2011 , is living in self-imposed exile in the UAE . " -LSB- I took -RSB- the decision to stay away since Egypt does n't welcome people like me anymore , " he wrote in a letter published on his Facebook page on January 7 , breaking six months of silence since the military removed President Mohamed Morsy from power in July last year . Ghonim was a vocal supporter of and participant in the mass demonstrations on June 30 , that called for Morsy to step down . That date is written into the new constitution 's preamble as an extension of the January 25 revolution ; but activists like Ghonim do n't receive the same treatment . Instead , they are vilified . Recordings of phone calls by Ghonim and other activists , allegedly discussing receiving money from malicious foreign powers in exchange for their activism , aired on Egyptian TV . They are portrayed as activists trying to instigate chaos rather than support democracy . "  This is part of a systematic campaign of moral assassination and settling scores with dissenters , " Mostafa Alnagar , one of those allegedly targeted by phone leaks , told CNN . Alnager is facing charges -- with more than 20 others -- for insulting the judiciary , for statements he made as an MP in 2012 . Ghonim said the audio recordings were edited and taken out of context . He said he is willing to return to Egypt if an official investigation into such charges is launched , "  to prove my integrity and innocence , against those who attempt to defame my reputation before my family and friends and everyone who has ever trusted me . " The Mubarak regime had leveled these accusations against protesters who amassed in Tahrir Square in 2011 . The claims have made their way through the rumor mill over the past seven months , gaining more support , but rarely have they turned into official charges . In 2011 , the April 6 Youth Movement urged Egypt 's prosecutor general to investigate similar accusations made in the media . None of its members were charged . Two years later , the movement 's co-founder Ahmed Maher was found guilty of illegal protesting ; he is now serving a three-year sentence in prison , along with movement member Mohamed Adel and Ahmed Douma , a vocal supporter of the army intervention this past summer . This was the first conviction under a legislation restricting protests which was approved in November ; numerous activists and protesters have since been arrested and charged with congregating illegally , among other crimes . Among them is Alaa Abdel Fattah , who has been in prison since November awaiting trial on charges of organizing an illegal protest . Abdel-Fattah was imprisoned under Mubarak and then under the military council that took over after ousting him . Under Morsy 's rule , he was charged with torching a campaign headquarters in 2012 . The case ended recently with a conviction and he was handed a one-year suspended sentence along with his sister Mona Seif , a founding member of the No to Military Trials for Civilians campaign . In a letter he wrote to his two younger sisters from prison last month , Abdel Fattah expressed frustration with his imprisonment saying it was different from previous times and lacking meaning or purpose . "  Before , I felt as if I was going to prison willingly and emerging victorious , " he wrote . "  Now , I feel as if I ca n't stand the people and the country and that there is no meaning for my detention except that it relieves me from the guilt of my helplessness against this iniquitous injustice and its justification . "  Every time I 'm imprisoned , a part of me is broken , like every time someone else gets unjustly detained something is broken inside all of us , like every time a martyr dies everyone bleeds . Yes his family and friends bleed much more , but everyone bleeds and pays the price . " Hany El-Gamal , one of 24 men awaiting trial for participating in the same protest , said he was expecting this crackdown . "  This is a typical authoritarian regime that 's afraid of different people , afraid of different voices , " he told CNN . But he said it had n't shaken his faith in a political path ; he insists it is the only way is to provide people with an alternative . Since Morsy 's ouster Egypt 's political scene has become extremely polarized , between the former Islamist president 's supporters and those who back the military . The past seven months have seen a deadly security crackdown , in which at least 1,000 people were killed and thousands more detained , and a spike in terrorist attacks targeting police and army facilities . The state declared a war on terrorism and expanded its crackdown to include the country 's non-Islamist opposition . "  Egypt has witnessed a series of damaging blows to human rights and state violence on an unprecedented scale over the last seven months , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , Middle East and North Africa Deputy Director at Amnesty International . The organization 's latest report on Egypt specifically highlighted stifling restrictions on freedom of expression and assembly and the use of the judiciary as a "  tool of repression . " "  The judiciary is being used to punish government opponents while allowing perpetrators of human rights violations to walk free , " Hadj Sahraoui added . Three years ago , mass demonstrations kicked off on police day , fueled by anger with police violations . Ghonim 's Facebook page mobilized support through the case of Khaled Saied , an Alexandria man killed in June 2010 . The two policemen convicted of using excessive force against him were granted a retrial . Six activists were arrested and convicted for protesting outside the court during one of the hearings . The police state has ended , Interim President Adly Mansour said days before this year 's anniversary . Addressing the police force on Thursday , he said they had to shoulder the blame for individual violations , which they should n't have paid for collectively . Egypt has turned a new page , Mansour insisted . But activists say that nothing on the ground changed -- if anything , they believe it has gotten worse . Numerous rights reports attribute increasing security violations to the lack of police reform and continued impunity . Torture in police stations is continuously evidenced through reports and online videos . Despite this , the police seem to be enjoying a newfound popularity . On June 30 , police were welcomed to Tahrir Square , formerly the site of demonstrations against their brutality . Interior Ministry spokesman Hani Abdel Latif told reporters last July the police had been exonerated for crimes it was falsely accused of , indirectly suggesting such accusations formed part of a Muslim Brotherhood plot against them . Following a series of bombings outside police stations on Friday , the ministry renewed its promises to protect the weekend 's anniversary celebrations . "  Tomorrow we will dispatch security all across the country because these attempts are aimed to spoil the joy of our people in celebrating the third anniversary of the January 25 revolution , but these attacks will only make our people more determined to go down the streets and celebrate their day , " the minister of the interior , Mohamed Ibrahim said . "  I am sure we will see millions , as if nothing happened . " In the background , citizens at the bombing site in downtown Cairo chanted for the police , calling on Defense Minister Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi to run for president .	Several activists who mobilized 2011 demonstrations are behind bars Activist calls it "  campaign of moral assassination and settling scores with dissenters " Since Morsy 's ouster Egypt 's political scene has become extremely polarized
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkish authorities have arrested 13 people in connection with blasts that killed 17 people in Istanbul last week , Interior Minister Besir Atalay said Saturday . Video from last week 's bombing in Istanbul shows bloodied people being loaded into ambulances . Of those arrested , 10 were sent to judicial court , Atalay said in a televised news conference . He described the attack as the "  work of the bloody separatist group , " but did not identify a group by name . No one has claimed responsibility for the blasts , which went off within minutes of each other in Istanbul 's crowded Gungoren community . About 154 people were wounded , state-run Anadolu news agency reported . Istanbul Gov. Muammer Guler , who called the blasts "  an act of terror , " said last week that the explosive devices were placed 15 meters  49 feet  from each other . The first was a stun grenade that was detonated to draw attention before the second blast went off , he said . The other , a bomb , had been placed in a trash can . Turkey -- a candidate for European Union membership -- has pushed its anti-terror campaign on multiple fronts . Tensions between Turkey " and Kurdish rebels have risen over the Kurdistan Workers ' Party 's increasing attacks and Turkey 's subsequent crackdown . The rebels , known as the PKK , have waged a decades-long battle for an autonomous Kurdish region in Turkey 's southeast . Last month , 86 people -- including former military officials , journalists , politicians and businessmen -- were indicted on charges of being involved with an alleged terror group called Ergenekon , which aims to topple the Turkish government . The arrests and indictments dramatize the sharp and serious political tensions between the country 's Islam-rooted ruling party -- the Justice and Development Party , or AKP -- and its outspoken critics from the nation 's secularist population .	Attack was conducted by "  bloody separatist group , " Interior minister says 2 explosions , minutes apart , hit residential area in Turkey 's largest city Sunday Those arrested were responsible for earlier bombing June 15 , says minister
CNN  -- Bosnian striker Edin Dzeko finally broke his English Premier League duck for Manchester City , as his goal helped Roberto Mancini 's side to a 1-0 victory at Blackburn Rovers . Dzeko moved to City from German club Wolfsburg in January for a fee reported to be in the region of $ 44.5 million but had gone nine league games without scoring before the trip to Ewood Park . His close range 75th minute winner saw City pull four points clear of Tottenham in the fourth qualification slot for the lucrative Champions League tournament , while Rovers slipped deeper into relegation trouble . Manager Steve Kean 's side are now just one point above the drop zone , and have now gone ten games without a win . After the game Dzeko told Sky Sports : "  I 'm very happy that this goal helped my team to win the game . Maybe this was one of the most important goals in the last month . I think it is a new beginning for me at City . " City dominated the first half , with Spain international David Silva hitting the post with only three minutes on the clock . England international Gareth Barry then had a header cleared off the line by ex-Real Madrid defender Michel Salgado before Rovers ' striker Jason Roberts claimed a penalty after what looked like a trip by Vincent Kompany . Aleksandar Kolarov tested Blackburn 's goal when he sent a dipping shot narrowly over the bar . Rovers ' best chance came when Zimbabwean striker Benjani headed over from 12 yards . Rovers were far better in the second half and put City under intense pressure but could n't find a breakthrough , and they were made to pay when Dzeko came on as a substitute . He 'd only been on the field for three minutes before a Silva cross was deflected into his path and he guided the ball high into the net from eight yards out . Martin Olsson forced City keeper Joe Hart into an injury time save from a fiercely hit free kick , but Mancini 's side held out until the final whistle for their second win in a row after they defeated bitter rivals Manchester United in the FA Cup semifinal . In Spain , Real Zaragoza climbed out of the relegation zone in La Liga with a crucial 1-0 win over rock-bottom Almeria . Diego Alves was the unlucky party , as Florent Sinama-Pongolle 's shot hit the post , then the Almeria keeper and bounced back into the net . Zaragoza move into 16th , one point above the drop zone , while Almeria are now nine points adrift of safety .	Edin Dzeko breaks his Premier League duck as Man City beat Blackburn 1-0 Bosnian striker had gone nine games with an English league goal City move clear of Spurs in fourth while Blackburn are deep in relegation trouble Real Zaragoza beat struggling Almeria 1-0 in Spain 's La Liga
CNN  -- Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger says he 'll take to the skies again -- as soon as he can shake Flight 1549 out of his head . Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger , left , and First Officer Jeffrey Skiles say they 'll eventually return to work . "  I 'll be going back to work as soon as I 'm ready , " said Sullenberger , who along with First Officer Jeffrey Skiles safely guided US Airways Flight 1549 to an emergency landing in the Hudson River last month . Sullenberger , Skiles and veteran flight attendants Sheila Dail , Doreen Welsh and Donna Dent spoke to CNN 's Larry King on Tuesday . The captain and his crew have achieved national fame since their January 15 landing , in which all 155 passengers survived . "  My sleep has been disrupted ever since the incident ... It 's distracting and it 's hard sometimes to turn off my brain at night , " Sullenberger said . Sullenberger 's crew members expressed similar experiences in the aftermath of the incident . All but Welsh , a 38-year veteran who was injured in the accident , said they felt certain they would return to work at some point . Asked why she was n't in uniform during the interview , Welsh replied , "  I ca n't yet . I was the one that was injured , and I was the one in water , and it -LSB- the uniform -RSB- was ripped and bloody , and I just ca n't put it on yet . " Watch the crew discuss flying again " Welsh said she 's not scheduled to fly for "  a while , " adding , "  I do n't know what I 'm going to do yet . I have n't -- I did n't get there yet . " Watch "  Sully " Sullenberger react to passengers ' stories " Earlier this month , the National Transportation Safety Board said both the plane 's engines contained the remains of birds , confirming the pilots ' report that the engines shut down after colliding with birds less than 2 minutes after taking off . The plane 's flight data recorder "  revealed no anomalies or malfunctions in either engine up to the point where the captain reported a bird strike , after which there was an uncommanded loss of thrust in both engines , " the NTSB said . Sullenberger told "  Larry King Live " that bird strikes are not "  terribly uncommon , " though they typically have only minor impact on a plane . Watch pilot and crew describe the bird strike " "  This was very different , " Sullenberger said . "  There were many large birds that struck all over the airplane , pelted us like hail and severely damaged both engines . " Watch Sullenberger talk about landing the plane safely " Sullenberger took over the controls from Skiles , who had been piloting the plane , and Skiles tried to restart the engines . Within minutes , Sullenberger decided to land the plane on the Hudson . Was it a miracle ? "  I would n't say that , " Skiles said . "  I would still say that it 's just everybody did our jobs and we had good fortune , as well . " Watch Skiles express sense of responsibility to passengers " The crew praised the passengers remaining remarkably calm throughout the ordeal . "  It was incredible , " said Dent , a flight attendant with 26 years of experience . "  They did very well , a very educated group of travelers . I think that helped a lot . We had a lot of frequent fliers . "	Captain of plane that landed in river : I 'll return to work "  as soon as I 'm ready " Capt. Sullenberger : "  It 's hard sometimes to turn off my brain at night " after incident Sullenberger , crew recount Hudson River landing on "  Larry King Live " First officer : Everybody did their jobs , and "  we had good fortune "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Just when you thought the nation 's entertainment capital could n't deliver a new surprise ending , a camera-wielding resident reveals how this week 's Pacific storm sent Los Angeles a tornado . The rare twister was captured on tape : roofs obliterated , shingles hurled like leaves , and the amateur videographer gasping in profane disbelief . Friday 's melee even damaged the steel of a billboard . "  It was crazy . It was crazy , " Jamie Mena told CNN affiliate KABC after shooting a video of bent-over palm trees and his rooftop flying off . "  I am shaken up . " Before Friday , the last time a twister made big news in Los Angeles was 1983 , slamming into the downtown Los Angeles Convention Center , though there have been a few tornadoes since then around the area . "  They are pretty rare , but not as rare as you might think , though , " said National Weather Service meteorologist Scott Sukup of the Los Angeles-Oxnard office . Los Angeles has n't seen a tornado for the past few years , but a study in the 1990s showed that "  the amount of tornadoes we get in the L.A. basin is comparable to what they get in the Midwest but it 's much weaker , " Sukup said . "  Most of the ones we get out here are EF0 's , whereas out in the Midwest , they get the EF3 's and larger , " Sukup said . On a tornado damage scale , an EF0 is the weakest , with three-second gusts between 65 and 85 mph , according to the service . The worst of tornadoes is ranked EF5 , with the winds exceeding 200 mph . An EF3 has such gusts between 136 and 165 mph . That means Friday morning 's twister in south Los Angeles struck with winds between 65 mph and 85 mph , ripping two residential roofs and knocking over trees , the service said . The tornado was born out of a Pacific storm that pummeled much of the coast from Wednesday to Friday . What to know about tornadoes More tornadoes ahead ? One of the more memorable tornado seasons in Los Angeles was the 1997-1998 winter when a strong El NiÃ ± o weather phenomenon brought several storms and weak twisters , Sukup said . An El NiÃ ± o event involves the warming of the central and eastern Pacific Ocean and influences the jet stream where storms track . "  We might be going into a weak El NiÃ ± o this year , but it does n't tell us how wet of a year we 're going to have or how many storms we 're going to have , " Sukup said . More rain will fall on Southern California beginning late Sunday , and Los Angeles may received a quarter - to a half-inch of rain on Monday , with a chance of showers through the week , Sukup said . Rain resumes next week But next week 's rainfall should n't cause the kind of disasters seen this past week , Sukup said . At a minimum , those rains will help slake a historic drought that 's been drying up California the past three years . "  It does n't look like it 's going to be a major deal , more of a beneficial rain , " Sukup said of next week 's forecast . The recent storms flooded and ravaged the West Coast : homes fell into the sea in Washaway Beach , Washington ; schools closed pre-emptively in San Francisco and Oakland ; a landslide buried houses in Camarillo ; and a long balcony of second-floor apartments collapsed upon ground-level storefronts in Long Beach . No one in California was killed , but falling trees killed two people in Oregon and left a third seriously injured , authorities said . Now comes the cleanup On Saturday , California experienced lingering damage and sporadic power outages , but for the most part , the state had recovered , said Kelly Huston , deputy director of the California Governor 's Office of Emergency Services . "  Widespread outages are pretty much gone , " Huston said Saturday . "  What we 're seeing is the cleanup part of the process for us . "  It was a bad storm for us , " Huston said . "  Luckily , we did n't suffer as many of the impacts as we thought we might have . " California rescuers saved people trapped in a mobile home park , in the Los Angeles River and a few other spots . Northern California got the worst of the storm Thursday , as evidenced by swaying Bay Area bridges , halted ferry and cable car services around San Francisco and blizzard-like conditions in the Sierra Nevada mountains . On Friday , it was more Southern California 's turn . Several spots in the region had record rainfall for the day , including 2.36 inches in Oxnard and 1.54 inches at Long Beach 's airport . A storm like this -- the biggest to hit the area in years -- leaves a big mess behind , from flooded roadways to damaged houses to lives disrupted or turned entirely upside down . Thankfully , in California at least , the vast majority of the once 300,000 customers left in the dark now have their power back on . And Huston said that , as bad as this storm was , "  it was not quite as bad as we expected . " Even then , there 's still a lot to do Saturday to get things back to normal . But this time , at least , Mother Nature should cooperate . "  We 're looking pretty good , " Huston told CNN . "  We 're hoping for some sunshine today here in California , and that will  help in  the cleanup process going on in several parts of the state . "	NEW : Tornadoes are rare in Los Angeles but not as scarce as you think , meteorologist says NEW : When twisters do strike L.A. , they are typically the weakest grade NEW : It 's unclear whether El Nino event will bring storms strong enough for more tornadoes NEW : More rain will fall upon California next week , but major damage is n't expected
Detroit  CNN  -- Metal detectors belonging to the Secret Service that were on a stolen rental truck have been recovered , a law enforcement source said Monday . The metal detectors , which were to have been used at a campaign event for Vice President Joe Biden , were found at an abandoned house in Detroit and in the U-Haul , left near Henry Ford Hospital , the source said . Authorities want to question a man in connection with the theft of the U-Haul , found a day after it disappeared from its spot at the Westin Book Cadillac on Sunday . Surveillance photos from security cameras at the hotel show a man in a green T-shirt and dark shorts near the truck before it was taken . The stolen truck was found Monday , Secret Service spokesman Ed Donovan said . The law enforcement official , who did not speak for attribution , said there were no weapons inside the vehicle . Biden spoke at a downtown rally organized by the Michigan AFL-CIO . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Jonathan Helman contributed to this report	NEW : Metal detectors were found in an abandoned house , inside truck , source says NEW : Authorities want to question a man seen on surveillance video The rental truck was stolen from a Detroit hotel , found near hospital Vice President Joe Biden spoke at union rally
President Barack Obama underwent a routine CT scan Saturday afternoon while visiting Walter Reed National Military Medical Center because of a sore throat , according to the White House and his doctor . The president 's doctor said the CT scan was normal and that Obama 's symptoms "  are consistent with soft tissue inflammation related to acid reflux . " White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the President was not sedated , so no transfer of authority was necessary . However , Vice President Joe Biden and other senior White House staffers "  were kept up to speed , " Earnest said . The doctor 's visit was not on the White House schedule for Saturday and reporters hustled to join the president 's motorcade to Water Reed in Bethesda , Maryland . The president left the hospital 28 minutes after arriving . Dr. Ronny L. Jackson , Obama 's physician , issued a statement : "  This morning , an ear , nose and throat specialist from Fort Belvoir Medical Center conducted a fiber optic exam , under my supervision , of the President 's throat based on symptoms of sore throat over the past couple weeks . The exam revealed soft tissue swelling in the posterior throat and I , in consultation with the specialist , determined that further evaluation with a routine CT scan was prudent . "  The CT scan was conducted this afternoon purely as a matter of convenience for the President 's schedule . The CT scan was normal . The President 's symptoms are consistent with soft tissue inflammation related to acid reflux and will be treated accordingly . " CNN chief medical correspondent Sanjay Gupta said acid reflux usually can be easily treated . "  A lot of times , it may just be dietary changes , " he said . "  Sometimes , you want to give medicines to reduce the amount of acid in the stomach . " Gupta said he thought the CT scan was done "  out of an abundance of caution . " "  They brought in an ears , nose and throat doctor into the White House and placed a scope down the mouth and looking at the back of throat to see what was causing his discomfort , " he said . "  Typically , you just do that by sort of putting an anesthetic spray in the back of the throat , sometimes a sedation as well . ... Based on what they found there , they were concerned enough to go ahead and get a CT scan . " Asked whether the President is still smoking , Earnest replied that Obama quit with the assistance of nicotine gum . Obama visited Jackson for his periodic checkup in May . Jackson described Obama 's overall health as "  excellent . " The checkup information , released in June , was the third medical report released by the White House during Obama 's presidency .	Obama is not sedated ; no transfer of authority needed Obama 's "  symptoms are consistent with soft tissue inflammation related to acid reflux " The President 's doctor says he ordered a CT scan , which was normal Obama goes to Walter Reed medical center for sore throat
CNN  -- The world of sport has paid its tributes to Livorno midfielder Piermario Morosini , who died Saturday after collapsing on the pitch during his side 's Serie B game at Pescara . The entire Italian football program this weekend was canceled and a minute 's silence was observed at major league games around the world in his honor . A similar tribute was also paid before the start of Sunday 's Milan marathon . Tennis player Sara Errani dedicated her victory in the Barcelona Open final to Morosini . "  This tournament is for him , " Errani told the WTA official website . "  It has been very hard . The images have impacted me a lot . It 's amazing that these things can happen . It really makes you think . " Thousands of fans have gathered outside Livorno 's Armando Picchi stadium to pay their respects , leaving flowers and scarves . "  You fought until the end , goodbye great Moro , " read a banner outside the stadium . Morosini dies after collapsing in Serie B game "  The family , the girlfriend of Piermario and AS Livorno Calcio wants to thank all of the people that in this time of pain have remembered a great athlete and a special person , " read a statement on the club 's official website . The two main Italian sports papers La Gazzetta dello Sport and Corriere dello Sport had the same headline in their Sunday editions . "  Death on the pitch , football stops . " Udinese , who had loaned out Morosini to the second-flight club , pledged to help Morosini 's disabled sister . "  We are profoundly in pain for the premature death of Piermario Morosini , " read a statement on the club 's official website . "  Through our non-profit organisation , ` Udinese for life ' , we will guarantee assistance to the sister of the unfortunate player , who has now been left on her own . " The 25-year-old Morosini has been at Udinese since 2005 , being loaned out to Bologna , then Reggina , Padova , Vicenza and finally Livorno . He made 18 appearances for Italy 's under-21s . But his family life had been blighted by tragedy and he lost both his parents before his 18th birthday . His disabled brother later committed suicide to leave him alone with his handicapped elder sister . Pescara 's authorities have announced that they will launch an inquiry into Morosini 's death . It has emerged that a parked car belonging to traffic police had initially blocked the ambulance 's path into the stadium .	Tributes to Italian footballer Piermario Morosini Minute 's silence observed before matches across the globe Morosini collapsed during a Serie B game Saturday and died later The 25-year-old was playing for Livorno on loan from Udinese
London , England  CNN  -- One of Britain 's most cherished maritime treasures will complete a miraculous rise from the ashes when it reopens to the public later this week . The Cutty Sark was devastated by fire in May 2007 but a Â # 50 million  $ 81 million  restoration project has seen the historic vessel returned to its previous majestic glory . The 143-year-old vessel is the world 's last surviving tea clipper -- a type of nineteenth century merchant sailing ship renowned for its speed -- and was once considered the epitome of commercial maritime technology . It will receive the royal seal of approval when the Queen and Prince Phillip preside over its reopening ceremony in Greenwich , London , on Wednesday . As part of the extensive restoration process the vessel has been raised 11 feet  3.3 meters  above ground , with its lower levels encased in a glass casing symbolic of the sea . See also : World 's oldest warship gets $ 25 million revamp This new feature enables visitors to walk underneath the ship , exposing the design and engineering feats that enabled the Cutty Sark to reach what were once record-breaking sailing speeds of 17 and a half knots  20 mph  . "  We have raised the ship so she 'll be right up there with the best  historic ships  , " Richard Doughty , chief executive of the Cutty Sark Trust , told CNN . "  She 's a beautiful ship , a name that everybody immediately recognizes , " Doughty added . "  The fire touched people 's hearts  and  you value something when you think you 're going to lose it . " Launched from the small town of Dumbarton on the banks of the River Clyde in western Scotland in 1869 , the Cutty Sark has a long and colorful history . The ship carried a wide variety of cargo during its working lifetime -- including the finest teas , wool and gunpowder -- and made frequent journeys between the UK and major trading ports in Asia , Europe , Africa , Australasia and the Americas . See also : Adventure tourism at the bottom of the sea Most of the tea clippers to grace the waves during the same period lasted for only a few years and just seven survived into the twentieth century . By the mid-1920s , the Cutty Sark was the only one still afloat and in 1954 it was transferred to its current dry-dock site in Greenwich . Here the vessel became a symbolic memorial to Britain 's 19th century maritime and colonial dominance , attracting visitors and maritime enthusiasts from all over the world . It is this rich historic significance that the restoration project hopes to convey . A number of new hi-tech educational features meanwhile have been added to augment the overall theme . "  She was the fastest of her day , the last remaining tea clipper , emblematic of the importance of international trade and Britain 's maritime heritage , " said Jessica Lewis , curator of the Cutty Sark restoration project . "  We 've used a variety of media to tell the story of the ship in different ways -- oral history and reminiscences , new AV  audio visual  and digital interactives . Once up and running the offer will be enhanced with live interpretation and family events , " Lewis added . The Royal Museum Greenwich , which will take over the day-to-day running of the Cutty Sark after the reopening ceremony , hope the attraction will pull in around 300,000 visitors every year . See also : Voyage to discover historic vessel of Sir Francis Drake Although the ship does n't officially reopen for business until Thursday , visitors to the site have been able to view the vessel from afar as the finishing touches are applied . Those canvassed by CNN were positive in their appraisal of the Cutty Sark 's restored aesthetic appearance . "  It 's a really impressive sight , " said Cathy Sertori who had traveled to London all the way from Australia . "  I 'd heard about the restoration project and it 's such an important historical ship that we really wanted to come down and see it while we are here , " Sertori added . "  There is already loads to see in London but the glass feature is so impressive . It will give people a totally different perspective on the skills and design that went in to creating such a magnificent ship , " she said .	The Cutty Sark will reopen to the public in London this week $ 81 million has been spent restoring the historic ship The Queen and Prince Phillip will give the vessel their royal blessing
The national fury over police brutality is thrusting the federal government into a role that dates back decades : ensuring the rights of African-Americans are protected in a nation with a long history of racial inequality . After local grand juries in Ferguson , Missouri , and Staten Island , New York , declined to charge white officers who killed unarmed African-Americans with a crime , attention is shifting to Washington . The call for a federal response echoes key moments during the civil rights movement when it became clear that local prosecutors and state authorities would not act . After all , it took the federal government to convict seven men on conspiracy charges for the 1964 killing of civil rights activists James Chaney , who was black , and Andrew Goodman and Michael Schwerner , who were white . Now , the Justice Department is conducting two civil rights investigations of police in Ferguson after the killing 18-year-old Michael Brown at the hands of an officer . Attorney General Eric Holder is also formally launching a civil rights investigation into 43-year-old Eric Garner 's death in Staten Island . The outrage that followed the grand jury decision in both cases highlights the deep mistrust between many in the black community and the police . "  Local governments have historically failed to provide justice , especially for African American communities , " said Barbara R. Arnwine , the president and executive director of the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights , an organization formed in 1963 at the request of President John . F. Kennedy to help combat racial discrimination . "  That 's why people are able to breathe a sigh of relief , because they know there is a back door to hold these local governments accountable . " Of course , the federal government has also been involved in more recent cases . "  You do n't have to go all the way back to the Civil Rights Movement to find an analogue , " said Sherrilyn Ifill , a professor at University of Maryland School of Law and president and director-counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense fund , pointing to the Rodney King case . "  On the one hand , it 's unfortunate . On the other hand , it 's a really great thing that we have federal civil rights statutes . " In 1992 , a jury in Simi Valley , California , acquitted four Los Angeles Police Department officers in the beating of Rodney King , but two of them were later convicted of violating his civil rights in a federal trial and served 32 months in prison . After Anthony Baez died by asphyxiation during an altercation with police in Bronx , New York , in 1994 , the arresting officer , Francis Livoti , was acquitted on state charges , but later convicted in federal court of violating Baez 's civil rights . As recently as April , the Justice Department found that the police department in Albuquerque , New Mexico , engaged in "  a pattern or practice of use of excessive force , including deadly force " that violated people 's civil rights . And on Thursday , Holder announced that a civil rights investigation had found that the Cleveland police department also engaged in unreasonable force in violation of the Fourth Amendment . People may call on the federal government to step in on these cases because they place more trust in federal officials to deal with these matters . But when it comes to actually changing police tactics , there is still a long way to go , said Syracuse Professor Boyce Watkins . "  What 's happened here in my opinion is yes , the federal government has gotten involved before with the police , but has that involvement led to meaningful progress ? ' asked Watkins , who pointed to continued allegations of corruption and unfair treatment by the LAPD years after the King case . "  I do n't really know how effective the federal government has been in police reform . " Going beyond purely courtroom battles , it was President Harry S. Truman whose 1948 executive order integrated the armed forces . And the federal government 's help was essential in many of the civil rights fights of the 1950s and 1960s . In 1957 , it took federal troops ordered in by President Dwight D. Eisenhower to protect the nine black students trying to integrate Little Rock 's Central High School . Still , federal involvement has n't always provided meaningful protections or a change in the reality on the ground . Many of the federal civil rights statutes in use today have their roots in the Reconstruction period after the Civil War , Ifill said . That 's when Congress enacted the Ku Klux Klan Act of 1871 , at the urging of President Ulysses S. Grant . The law was meant to protect blacks from groups conspiring to deprive them of their constitutional rights , but it did n't stop decades of lynchings and other forms of violence perpetrated against blacks . But lasting change is Holder 's goal . Arnwine said the activism of the Justice Department in recent years when it comes to civil rights has a lot to do with Holder himself . WATCH : Garner motionless after incident She called him an attorney general with a level of commitment to racial justice that had not been seen since Nicholas Katzenbach , the nation 's top law man under President Lyndon B. Johnson . While a deputy attorney general in 1963 , Katzenbach confronted Alabama 's staunch segregationist Gov. George C. Wallace on the steps of the University of Alabama so that two black students could register there . These latest investigations come at a time of change at the department , as Holder prepares to leave and the president 's pick to replace him , Loretta Lynch , the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York , plans to take the helm and carry on Holder 's work if she 's confirmed by Congress early next year . In a statement released after the grand jury 's decision in the Garner case was announced , Lynch said the federal investigation will be "  fair and through , and it will be conducted as expeditiously as possible . "	Focus in civil rights cases is turning to Washington Calls for Washington involvement echo moments in civil rights movement Justice Department is investigating killings in Ferguson , New York
CNN  -- For years , stories about the North Pond Hermit circulated around central Maine . According to lore , the shadowy figure would sneak into cabins , camps and houses surrounding North Pond , and steal food , clothing , camping gear and other supplies . But he never took money and never caused damage , according to a 2005 story on the hermit in the Kennebec Journal newspaper . Locals , the newspaper reported , said they found odd caches of goods in the woods . Some speculated the hermit slipped out on wet or dark nights , gliding across the 273-acre pond in a boat to burglarize camps , the newspaper reported . Now state game warden Sgt. Terry Hughes says he caught 47-year-old Christopher Knight last week as he burglarized a camp for disabled people , at once confirming local folklore and ending a longtime nuisance for lakeside residents and property owners . Knight could be responsible for as many as a thousand burglaries , authorities say . "  It 's been a myth , this character , this folklore person who is known as the hermit , who we 've all known about , this unknown suspect who moves around in society and burglarizes camps , " Hughes said at a news conference Wednesday . "  It 's surreal , he 's surreal , the situation is surreal , " said Maine State Trooper Diane Perkins-Vance at the news conference . Knight had apparently lived in the woods for 27 years , speaking to another person just once in all that time , according to CNN affiliate WCSH . That person was a hiker he came across on a trail in the 1990s . Investigators say he kept his mind sharp with the books he stole during break-ins , the station reported . Pine Tree Camp was a favorite target , staffers told WCSH . At first , employees thought camping gear that was missing back in the 1980s and 1990s had just been misplaced . After the thefts continued -- including hundreds of dollars worth of food at a time -- camp officials decided a burglar was at work . The burglar would jimmy the locks on sliding glass doors and "  take anything he could find , " including sliced meat , Parmesan cheese , coffee and camping equipment , Harvey Chesley , the facilities manager of the nearby camp , told WCSH . The camp put security cameras in its kitchen last year , capturing a clear picture of the burglar inside . But nobody recognized him , the Portland television station reported . Authorities captured Knight only after Hughes put up detectors that set off an alarm at his home if anyone broke into the camp , according to WCSH . Knight , who went to high school with Chesley , apologized for the break-ins , Chesley told the station . "  I do believe him , " Chesley said . Knight is being held on a $ 5,000 cash bond at the Kennebec County Jail . As is custom in Augusta , he had a video arraignment Friday for his first court appearance . His next court date is yet to be determined . CNN 's Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	Locals told stories of a hermit who stole food and camping gear from lakeside properties Last week , a game warden arrested longtime recluse Christopher Knight Officials say Knight , 47 , broke into a camp 's kitchen to steal food
CNN  An explosive-laden truck blew up at a camp for Egyptian security forces Tuesday morning , killing a civilian and injuring 44 people , state-run media reported . The attack took place in Al-Arish , in the country 's North Sinai province , tha Al-Ahram news agency reported , citing the local health ministry . As the truck headed toward the camp 's gate , guards shot at it , and the truck exploded . The injured included 42 Egyptian soldiers and two civilians . The driver of the truck was also killed , Al-Ahram said . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack . North Sinai has been the site of dozens of recent deaths . In January , at least 26 people were reportedly killed and dozens more wounded , in a series of militant attacks on army and police positions in Egypt 's volatile Sinai Peninsula . The Egyptian army is battling an Islamist insurgency in North Sinai that has spiked since the 2013 ouster of Islamist President Mohamed Morsy . CNN 's Salim Essaid contributed to this report .	The injured include 42 Egyptian soldiers The Egyptian army has been battling an Islamist insurgency in North Sinai
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkish police detained dozens of people in a wave of raids targeting suspected members of the "  press and propaganda wing " of a banned Kurdish separatist group accused of committing acts of terrorism , the semi-official Anatolian Agency reported Tuesday . In a move that alarmed human rights organizations , journalists ' associations and press freedom activists , police swept up a number of journalists in the raids . "  Thirty-eight colleagues have been detained , " announced the Freedom for Journalists Platform , an umbrella group that represents dozens of Turkish journalist associations and unions . "  Detentions , arrests and trials of journalists revive crimes of thought in this country . Turkey follows China as the country where the highest number of journalists are in prison , " the Platform concluded . Hours after the arrests , hundreds of Turkish journalists took to the streets in Istanbul , conducting a hastily organized protest march down the city 's main pedestrian thoroughfare . "  You can not silence free press , " read one of the banners carried by demonstrators . "  It basically looks like all pro-Kurdish media ... have been targeted in this operation , " said Emma Sinclair-Webb , a researcher with Human Rights Watch , who spent the morning watching police search the Istanbul office of the pro-Kurdish newspaper Ozgur Gundem . "  And if you crack down on those kinds of dissenting voices , you are really closing the door on healthy criticism and dissent in a democratic society , " Sinclair-Webb added . As the sun set over Istanbul , police were still searching the downtown offices of Dicle News Agency , another pro-Kurdish media outlet . Six Dicle employees , five reporters and an accountant , had been arrested from their homes on Friday , said Silan Ozhan , a Dicle journalist . Turkey has been battling a Kurdish separatist insurgency led by guerrillas from the Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  since the 1980s . The conflict has claimed more than 30,000 lives , most of them members of the country 's long-oppressed ethnic Kurdish minority . Over the last year , Turkish authorities began rounding up suspects accused of being affiliated with a PKK-linked organization referred to as the Union of Communities in Kurdistan  KCK  . In addition to Ozgur Gundem and the Dicle News Agency , police also raided the homes of several main-stream Turkish journalists , including a staff photographer for Agence France Presse . A lawyer for AFP photographer Mustafa Ozer confirmed to CNN that police were searching the journalist 's apartment in Istanbul Tuesday . "  They are in the process now , " said Sibel Tokaoglu , in a brief phone call with CNN . AFP later reported Ozer was detained by police . Meanwhile , an executive from the leftist daily newspaper Bir Gun told CNN that Zeynep Kuray , a staff reporter whose beat includes human rights , was arrested after her home in Istanbul was raided on Tuesday . "  We consider this a witch hunt and a threat to anyone who is in opposition , " said Ibrahim Aydin , chairman of Bir Gun 's executive board . Turkey is among the bottom 40 countries of the world on the press freedom index of Reporters Without Borders , dropping from 102 to 138 since 2008 . According to the Turkish Journalists Union , Turkey currently holds at least 63 journalists in prison . That number is likely to grow before the day 's end . A growing number of writers and academics have been detained in conjunction with several sprawling investigations into alleged coup plots and terrorism plots . Many of these suspects spend months in detention without charge awaiting trial . Last October , police detained outspoken publisher and freedom of expression activist Ragip Zarakolu as well as Busra Ersanli , a political science professor at Marmara University , as part of an operation against suspects accused of links to Kurdish terrorist groups . Meanwhile , in November , prominent investigative journalists Nedim Sener and Ahmet Sik appeared in court for the first time some nine months after they were arrested in conjunction with an alleged plot to overthrow the Turkish government . Their trial was adjourned until December 26 after defense attorneys argued the presiding judge , Resul Cakir , could not rule impartially since he was a plaintiff in a separate case against one of the defendants . Sener is a recipient of the World Press Freedom Hero award from the International Press Institute for his investigative book about the 2007 assassination of Turkish-Armenian newspaper editor Hrant Dink and alleged involvement of state security officials . Sener predicted he would be targeted as part of a growing government crackdown on voices of dissent in an interview with CNN several months before his arrest . "  The important thing is not that I am in prison , " Sener said in a subsequent written interview from prison with CNN last month . "  What is important is to find the truth and , regardless of the cost , to write it . I am willing to pay any price for that . " Among the growing chorus of voices reacting in outrage to police raids on Friday was Turkey 's Contemporary Journalists Association , which announced in a written statement that its member Kenan Kirkaya had been detained . "  Pressure on the press and freedom of expression is increasing day by day , " the association wrote . "  These pressures and attacks on journalists and media organizations increase fear and the heavy climate of auto-censorship , while also putting Turkey in a second-class category internationally . " "  This ongoing clampdown is all about using terrorism laws very widely and indiscriminately against people who are not terrorists , " said Sinclair-Webb of Human Rights Watch . "  You 've got bad laws and at the moment a government that shows no sign of slowing down in its support of these types of operations which are basically against ordinary people , civil society and journalists . It 's hard to see how this is a legitimate fight against terrorism . "	Police raids target journalists ; dozens of people detained "  We consider this a witch hunt and a threat to anyone who is in opposition , " says newspaper executive Observer says this is an ongoing clampdown "  against people who are not terrorists " Journalists say press freedom is under attack in Turkey
CNN  -- In its ruling in Windsor v. United States , the Supreme Court paved the way for states and the federal government to legally recognize the marriages of same-sex couples . As we near the one-year anniversary of that historic decision , here 's a look back at the history of marriage equality , how we got here , and where the fight for equality still has to go . In the beginning , there was Adam and Steve ... OK , that 's not exactly true . I do n't know ; I was n't there personally . But we do know that gay coupling has been around for a long time . Around 350 B.C. , in "  The Symposium , " Plato said there should be an army composed of same-sex lovers . In fact , there was such an army : the Sacred Band of Thebes . They were renowned for their valor and frequent victories . Fast forward a bit : In 1972 , just five years after the United States Supreme Court overturned anti-miscegenation laws that barred interracial marriages , the Supreme Court dismissed a case brought by two men who were denied a marriage license in Minnesota . A year later , Maryland became the first state to pass a law explicitly banning marriage between same-sex couples . And so we enter the dark era of explicit attacks and prohibitions on same-sex marriage equality . It went downhill for a while . In 1996 , President Bill Clinton signed into law the Defense of Marriage Act , banning federal recognition of same-sex marriages and authorizing one state to not recognize a same-sex marriage performed in another state , even though the Constitution requires states to honor each other 's laws . Anyway , 35 states adopted laws defining marriage as solely between a man and a woman , with 26 of those states putting that discrimination in their constitutions . You with me so far ? Meanwhile , in the midst of all these anti-gay marriage laws still being adopted , in 2004 a judge in Massachusetts ruled that it was unconstitutional under the state constitution to allow only opposite-sex couples to marry . Four years later , the California and Connecticut Supreme Courts made similar rulings . A year later , in 2009 , the Iowa Supreme Court did the same . That same year , Vermont and Maine become the first states to legislatively enact marriage equality . Voters , legislatures and courts kept wrestling with the issue . But in 2012 , a majority of voters in Maine , Maryland and the state of Washington passed marriage equality ballot measures , and voters in Minnesota struck down a constitutional amendment that would restrict the state 's definition of marriage . It 's as if the new century brought a new day for gay couples . And there was no turning back . Same-sex parent families : Share your story Today , 19 states and the District of Columbia allow same-sex couples the freedom to marry . In an additional 11 states , judges have ruled in favor of marriage equality but the cases are tied up in appeals . Fully 3/5 of our country is now firmly on the side of equality and fairness , as are the American people . In 1996 when Clinton signed the Defense of Marriage Act , only 27 % of Americans supported same-sex marriage . Today , 55 % of Americans think same-sex marriages should be fully recognized , valid and equal . Among 18 - to 29-year-olds , 78 % support marriage equality . And those numbers are steadily growing , even among conservatives . Does marriage equality fix every problem facing the gay community ? Heck , no . In 29 states , lesbian , gay and bisexual Americans can still be fired from their jobs based solely on their sexual orientation . In 33 states , transgender Americans can be fired based solely on their gender identity . We still do n't even have a federal law banning discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity . Gay men in America earn 10 % to 32 % less than similarly qualified straight men working in the same occupations . Transgender men and women are both more likely to be the victims of violent crime and more likely to be incarcerated . In some states , same-sex couples are discriminated against in the ability to adopt children . Being able to get married and be as happy â $ " or miserable â $ " as married straight couples in America does n't make other issues of anti-gay discrimination go away . But marriage equality is a big and important movement toward fairness and justice for all â $ " a movement that is , at this point , unstoppable .	Sally Kohn : It 's almost a year since the Supreme Court struck down DOMA Kohn : Marriage equality is an important movement toward fairness and justice for all She says despite progress , there is still discrimination against gays and lesbians Kohn : There is no turning back , with most Americans supporting same-sex marriage
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- South Africa 's police chief said Monday that violence directed at foreign nationals had killed 22 people over the past week . Police carry an unidentified Malawi national on an improvised stretcher after he was badly beaten in Reiger Park township . The attacks have been concentrated in Johannesburg 's poorest areas , and many of the victims were Zimbabweans who have fled repression and dire economic circumstances . The Nelson Mandela Foundation issued a statement condemning the "  senseless violence " that police say was sparked a week ago in Johannesburg 's Alexandra Township . "  We join the rest of South Africa in deploring this violence , " said Achmat Dangor , CEO of the Nelson Mandela Foundation , according to a statement released on Monday . "  Whatever the underlying causes they have to be addressed , but this senseless violence is not a solution . " Police said those behind the attacks accused the foreigners of stealing jobs , carrying out criminal activities and benefiting from social services -- such as free housing -- meant to benefit South Africans . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send photos , video Police arrested more than 200 people during the violence for offenses including rape , murder , robbery and theft . Police said at least one foreigner was burned alive over the weekend , while others had their houses torched , their shops looted and their possessions stolen . Many have sought refuge at police stations . Some women have told police they were raped as part of an effort to drive the immigrants out . South Africa 's police director Govindsamy Mariemuthoo said 22 people had been killed in the past week . The Red Cross estimates some 3,000 more were displaced . The attacks were concentrated in some of the poorest parts of South Africa where locals are jobless , hungry and in need of basic services such as clean water , sanitation and housing . South African President Thabo Mbeki called for an investigation into the violence . He has been reluctant to describe it as xenophobic because many South Africans have criticized his government for not doing enough to deal with the crisis in neighboring Zimbabwe . Zimbabwe is in the midst of an economic collapse , with nearly 80 percent unemployment and inflation estimated to be at 160,000 percent . In addition , it is also in a state of political limbo . A presidential runoff between long-time leader President Robert Mugabe and his opposition challenger Morgan Tsvangirai is scheduled for June 27 -- three months after the initial vote . Opposition leaders have accused the government of carrying out a campaign of political intimidation ahead of the runoff . The economic and political situation has seen an influx of Zimbabweans to South Africa , seeking a better life . Archbishop Desmond Tutu also condemned the violence and urged South Africans to remember the help that he and other anti-apartheid leaders received from neighboring countries . "  Although they were poor , they welcomed us South Africans as refugees , and allowed our liberation movements to have bases in their territory even if it meant those countries were going to be attacked by the SADF  South African Defense Forces  , " Tutu said . "  Please stop the violence now . This is not how we behave . These are our sisters and brothers . Please , please stop . " A South African military veterans ' group plans to mobilize soldiers who fought against the country 's former system of legalized racial separation "  to help educate the people ... about the role played by other African countries in securing South Africa 's freedom . " "  Many brave comrades paid the ultimate price on African soil , but never at the hands of the people of those countries , " according to a statement from the Military Veterans ' Association in the Western Cape province . "  In the light of these facts , the xenophobic attacks witnessed in Gauteng  Province  over the past week -- and previously , against refugee traders in Cape Town -- are totally repugnant . "	At least 22 people killed by mobs targeting foreigners in Johannesburg Police arrest more than 200 people for offenses including rape and murder Zimbabweans who have fled their own country are driven from squatter camps South Africa 's Archbishop Desmond Tutu condemns the attacks
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Kenya 's president declared two days of national mourning Wednesday for Wangari Maathai , the first woman from Africa to win the Nobel Peace Prize , who died Monday after a battle with cancer . The announcement by President Mwai Kibaki also said a state funeral would be held for Maathai . No date was specified . Maathai , 71 , was an environmentalist who had long campaigned for human rights and the empowerment of Africa 's most impoverished people . Kibaki 's announcement said Thursday and Friday would be days of national mourning for Maathai , with the national flag flown at half staff . It also said the government has nominated representatives to join the family committee planning the funeral . Maathai founded the Green Belt Movement in Kenya , a tree-planting campaign to simultaneously mitigate deforestation and to give locals , especially women and girls , access to resources like firewood for cooking and clean water . The movement has since planted more than 40 million trees . In 2004 , Maathai was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for her efforts to promote sustainable development , democracy and peace . She also was the first woman in East and Central Africa to earn a doctorate degree . In December 2002 , she was elected to Kenya 's parliament with an overwhelming 98 % of the vote . She was honored by Time magazine in 2005 as one of 100 most influential people in the world , and Forbes listed her as one of 100 most powerful women in the world .	Kenya announces two days of mourning for Wangari Maathai A state funeral will be held for the environmental activist who died this week She was the first woman from Africa to win the Nobel Peace Prize
BUCHAREST , Romania  CNN  -- France has agreed to send a battalion of troops to eastern Afghanistan , a NATO spokesman has said . Canadian NATO-led soldiers walk patrol near Kandahar , Afghanistan . James Appathurai told reporters at a briefing that the move will help NATO meet Canada 's requirement that it send more troops to the volatile southern province of Kandahar , where Canadian troops are based . Canada agreed this month to extend its commitment of about 2,500 troops until 2011 so long as NATO contributes more troops to Kandahar . There is a "  clear unity in the alliance " that the mission in Afghanistan must succeed , Appathurai said . Though 25 NATO allies and 13 other countries have contributed forces , the bulk of the recent fighting has been done by U.S. , Canadian , British and Dutch troops . Appathurai also said Thursday that he did not expect NATO applicants Georgia and Ukraine to be put on a membership action plan this summit but , he said , the general sense in terms of membership for the two countries is not "  whether , but when . " Further discussions regarding those two countries is to resume Thursday , he said . U.S. President George W. Bush has pushed for the admission of Ukraine and Georgia to the military alliance . However , Russia -- which is not a NATO member -- has expressed concerns about the former Soviet republics joining NATO , which has already made members of other former Soviet countries Latvia , Lithuania , and Estonia . Appathurai also said a general consensus could not be reached on Macedonia 's bid , because of Greece 's objections . Greece has threatened to veto Macedonia 's bid if its northern neighbor does not agree to change its name . Athens has long argued that the name Macedonia implies territorial claims on its northern province of the same name -- the birthplace , also , of Greece 's most revered ancient warrior , Alexander the Great . The name issue must be resolved by the two countries , Appathurai said . E-mail to a friend	French move will help NATO meet Canada 's Kandahar commitment Canada agreed to extend commitment as long as other NATO members helped The bulk of recent fighting has been done by U.S. , Canadian , UK and Dutch troops
CNN  -- Ever since the early 1960s when we were glued to the animated sitcom "  The Jetsons " , whimsical visions of a futuristic space utopia filled our imaginations leaving people asking themselves : "  Where 's my flying car ? " Point taken , but perhaps now , as our childhood dreams move slowly closer to reality , we should also start pondering this : if a flying car was here today , in the real world and not in the realm of science fiction , would we feel comfortable controlling it safely while cruising thousands of feet up in the air ? Would we possess the technical skills required to even get it off the ground , let alone land it without a scratch ? Before you dash to the door and sprint to your nearest pilot school to sign up for flight lessons , take a moment to meet Carl Dietrich , the chief executive and co-founder of aerospace company Terrafugia . Dietrich and his team are working to bring consumers closer to the prospect of a practical flying car , envisioning a vehicle that does not require its operator to be a trained pilot . Thus , Boston - based Terrafugia announced last May it had started working on the concept of TF-X , a four-seat , plug-in hybrid electric car that can do vertical take-offs and landings . Who makes the calls ? Although not driverless , Dietrich says the TF-X could increase the level of so-called "  human directed local autonomy , " a term he describes as a "  big fancy phrase " that essentially means that the vehicle 's operator wo n't need to have the knowledge or skills of a pilot . "  They do n't need to know those things because the computer is plugged in to a data network that automatically helps them plan the flight path , avoid other air traffic and air space restrictions , things of that nature , " says Dietrich . He explains that operators would still have to make high-level , critical decisions , like determining whether it 's safe to take off and land or approve the landing zone in advance . "  Anything that happens on the ground , the person is going to make a call , " says Dietrich . "  Once you 're flying , the actual operation of all the flight control surfaces is going to be computer controlled because , frankly , the computer can do it better than a pilot . " Yet , if you have the vision that the semi-autonomous vehicle would help you escape annoying traffic jams by simply taking off the ground , you 'd better think again . "  That 's science fiction and that will always be science fiction , " says Dietrich , explaining that vertical liftoffs require a lot of air to be blown down which is not practical and can cause damages to neighboring vehicles . Instead , TF-X would be able to take off in airports and helipads , as well as specially designed spaces -- the size of a tennis court -- that would be devoid of street lights , road signs and power lines . From dreams to reality Yet , the TF-X concept is not Terrafugia 's first attempt to take to the skies . Founded in 2006 , the company made headlines in recent years with Transition , a street legal airplane that can be flown in and out of general aviation airports . More like a driveable plane than a flying car , the two-seat vehicle can fold up its wings -- just like putting the top down into a convertible car -- and fly with a cruise speed of 100 miles per hour ; it can also be parked inside a single car garage , driven on the road on a highway speed and run on automotive gasoline . Terrafugia has been flying prototypes of Transition since 2009 and is now very close to getting it to the market . "  We have over 100 orders for Transition , " says Dietrich , adding that Transition costs $ 279,000 . "  We are expecting to ship the first products to customers in the second quarter of 2016 . " But in order for users to be able to fly the Transition , they would need to have at least a sport pilot 's license , which requires 20 hours of flight time -- most sport pilots take 30-35 hours to get their sport pilot certificates . With its new prototype , however , Terrafugia believes that just five hours would be enough for users to learn how to operate the TF-X vehicle , appealing to a broader segment of the population . Dietrich says all operators will need to know is how to interface with the vehicle , how to determine if it 's to safe to take off and land and what to do on the event of an emergency -- in those cases , operators would be able to pull a handle which would be able to activate a parachute system for the entire vehicle by pulling a handle . Future is now ? So , how far away are we from our first ever TF-X air cruise ? "  It 's hard to say exactly , but we estimate eight to12 years , " says Dietrich , who admits that even if Terrafugia had all the capital required to develop TF-X -- which it does n't -- the realization of the project depends on technological developments as well as regulators changing the way aircraft are currently certified . Dietrich says Terrafugia is "  heavily involved " with international committees to write new certification standards that account for some of the new technologies that are increasingly coming to the market for manned and unmanned aircraft , and which also apply to TF-X -- things like electric motors and batteries for general aviation aircraft . "  Those sort of things have never been certified before so we do n't know how long it will take for regulatory bodies to adapt to the new technology , " he says . "  The rules are all very old , the rules need to be updated , " adds Dietrich . "  If the rules are successfully updated then we see the possibility for somebody to get what we call a TF-X operator 's permit in as little as five hours . " Ultimately , Dietrich says , the goal of the whole TF-X program "  is to make the idea of the flying car a reality . " "  In order to do that , we have to lower the barrier entry to aviation , " he adds . "  We have to make it easier , we have to make it safer , we have to make it faster than driving your car , and we have to make it significantly more convenient than operating an airplane today , " continues Dietrich . "  It 's going to take a while to get there , but that 's the goal . "	Aerospace company Terrafugia is working on the concept of a flying electric car Called TF-X , the vehicle is designed to be capable of vertical take-offs and landings The goal is to make personal aviation accessible to a broader segment of the population The company estimates a period of 8-12 years before it 's able to develop TF-X
Poachers in search of ivory in northern Cameroon have slaughtered nearly 300 elephants for their tusks since mid-January , according to the country 's minister of forestry and wildlife . Minister Ngole Philip Ngwese backed up a claim by the International Fund for Animal Welfare  IFAW  that an armed gang of Sudanese poachers had killed the free-roaming elephants in the Bouba Ndjida National Park , on Cameroon 's border with Chad . Park officials say many orphaned elephant calves have been spotted , and concerns are high the babies may soon die of hunger and thirst . One park official , Bouba Jadi , told CNN the deaths are worsening the situation for Cameroon 's already threatened elephant populations . According to official estimates , there are between 1,000 and 5,000 elephants in Cameroon . Officials on a tour Monday saw at least 100 elephant carcasses . More carcasses are expected to be found in unexplored regions of the national park . A massive crackdown on poachers has been launched , according to officials in the west Central African nation . "  It was common for armed gangs of poachers to cross from Sudan during the dry season to kill elephants for their ivory . But this latest massacre is massive and has no comparison to those of the preceding years , " IFAW official Celine Sissler Bienvenu told a local newspaper , The Voice . She added that the ivory is smuggled out of West and Central Africa for markets in Asia and Europe , and money from ivory sales funds arms purchases for use in regional conflicts , particularly ongoing unrest in Sudan and in the Central African Republic . Cameroon shares a porous border with Chad . Armed insurgents from Sudan and the Central African Republic seeking elephants frequently travel through Chad . Observers in Cameroon have been blaming the raids on poorly trained and ill-equipped park guards , who are pitted against professional gangs of poachers .	Poachers are killing the elephants for their tusks The ivory is smuggled to markets in Asia and Europe , an animal welfare official says Money from ivory sales buys arms for use in regional conflicts , the official says
CNN  -- The woman who accused football star Ben Roethlisberger of raping her in March in a bar in Milledgeville , Georgia , described the alleged incident to police as the culmination of a night of bar-hopping . A prosecutor decided this week that he would not pursue criminal charges against Roethlisberger , saying he could not prove that a crime had been committed . The woman , a 20-year-old college student who has not been identified publicly , said she and her friends first saw the Pittsburgh Steelers ' quarterback on the night of March 4 at Velvet Elvis , a supper club in Milledgeville , which is 83 miles south of Atlanta , Georgia . After posing with him for pictures , "  we left him alone " and went to The Brick , a pizza and pasta place in the same town , she said . Roethlisberger and his entourage were there , too , she said , adding , "  We continued to have casual conversation . He even made crude , sexual remarks . " Afterward , both groups made their way to Capital City , she said . The nightclub describes itself as having "  great music , awesome drinks , hot bartenders . " "  Ben asked us to go to his ` VIP ' area  back of Capital  . We all went with him . He said there were shots for us , numerous shots were on the bar , and he told us to take them . His bodyguard came and took my arm and said come with me , he escorted me into a side door/hallway , and sat me on a stool . He left and Ben came back with his penis out of his pants . I told him it was n't OK , no , we do n't need to do this and I proceeded to get up and try to leave . I went to the first door I saw , which happened to be a bathroom . He followed me into the bathroom and shut the door behind him . I still said no , this is not OK , and he then had sex with me . He said it was OK . He then left without saying anything . "  I went out of the hallway/door to the side where I saw my friends . We left Capital and went to the first police car we saw . " The statement was among hundreds of pages of documents released Thursday by police . Public records show that Roethlisberger owns property on nearby Lake Oconee . Roethlisberger 's attorney has said no rape occurred . In a statement , bar patron Ann Marie Lubatti told police that the back room of Capital City had been curtained off "  and Ben was back there with 15-20 girls . He was buying everyone shots and just talking and taking pictures with everyone . At this point he was noticeably intoxicated . " Lubatti said she watched the 6-foot , 5-inch , 241-pound athlete enter the back room where her friend was . "  I approached the other security guard and told him that she was in no shape to be back there with Ben Roethlisberger , " she said . "  He could n't look me in the eye , and told me he did n't know what was going on . My friend went to open the door , and it was locked . No one would let us into the room , and the security guards acted like they had no idea what was going on . "  Eventually , -LSB- the alleged victim -RSB- came out and wanted to go home . She said that she told him ` this is n't right , ' but he still insisted on having intercourse . " Another patron , Nicole Biancofiore , said the alleged victim "  was dragged by a bodyguard to the back room in Capital . She was extremely intoxicated and not aware of what was happening . " Biancofiore said she spoke with club manager Rocky Duncan , who told her , "  Ben was not going to do anything to ruin his reputation for the Steelers . " In his statement , Duncan told police that he had seen Roethlisberger "  and his group of friends go in and out of my private bathroom located outside my office in the rear room of Capital City . " He said he noticed "  a young lady sitting on a stool outside the bathroom talking to Ben . " "  The ladies asked about going back there to see their friend , so I told them they could walk over to the open area and see her . After talking to the friend , I assured her her friend would be fine , because at last glance the ` victim ' was still sitting outside the bathroom talking to Ben . That was the last I noticed of the situation . " At about 2 a.m. , the alleged victim and several of her friends left the club and approached a police officer outside , according to Lubatti . He radioed Sgt. Jerry Blash , who approached on foot . According to Blash 's case summary , "  he asked -LSB- the alleged victim -RSB- if Roethlisberger had raped her and she stated , ` No , I did not know what was going on , ' because she was intoxicated so much . " The summary said , "  Blash indicated that he asked the victim , ` Did he rape you ? ' , and the victim stated ` no . ' Blash asked the victim if they had sex , and she responded by saying , ` Well , I 'm not sure . ' " Blash went to Capital City , where he found Roethlisberger and his entourage and told them about the allegation . "  Roethlisberger told Blash that he remembered her and he had told her that she was too drunk to be back there , " the summary said . "  Roethlisberger did not allege any sexual intercourse with the female . Roethlisberger remembered her falling and hitting her head . The female 's friends got mad because they could not come to the back . " In the summary , Blash acknowledged having made off-color remarks about the alleged victim at the club . "  When asked about a comment similar to ` this f ------ b -- is drunk ' or ` this b -- is drunk off her ass accusing Ben of assaulting her , " Blash said that he did say something like that to the other Milledgeville police officers and indicated that Roethlisberger 's bodyguards may have overheard the comment , " the report said . It added , "  Blash indicted  sic  that he was mad because the victim was not being ` straight up ' with him and that pissed him off . " Blash resigned Wednesday , Milledgeville Police Chief Woodrow Blue told CNN on Friday . He would not discuss reasons for the resignation . According to Officer Jason Lopez , the woman told him that the alleged rape occurred as she was seated on the toilet in the bathroom , that the athlete did not use a condom and she did not know whether he ejaculated . The alleged victim was taken to Oconee Regional Medical Center , where a sexual assault kit was completed . Officials reported they were not able to obtain enough genetic material to pursue an identification .	Woman says Roethlisberger raped her in club bathroom after she tried to resist him Roethlisberger invited her and friends to club 's VIP section , offered them drinks Prosecutor says he wo n't press charges because he can not prove a crime happened
CNN  -- Lawyers for Kevin Costner and Stephen Baldwin began choosing jurors Monday to decide a legal dispute between the two actors stemming from the 2010 Gulf oil spill . Baldwin and a New Orleans businessman say Costner and others tricked them into selling their stock in a company that made oil spill cleanup machines the same week BP placed a $ 52 million order for the technology . Read the Baldwin vs. Costner complaint  PDF Read the trial memo  PDF The judge has ordered both actors to attend each day of the trial , which is being heard in a federal court in New Orleans . The oil separation technology was developed in the 1990s by a company created by Costner , but Baldwin became involved while in New Orleans to produce a documentary about the Deepwater Horizon spill in the Gulf of Mexico in May 2010 . Video : Costner 's plea to save the Gulf Baldwin and Spyridon Contogouris decided to sell their stock soon after getting it because of differences with other shareholders , according to the lawsuit . They signed an agreement to sell their shares to Patrick Smith , who then transferred them to a company partly owned by Costner , on June 11 , 2010 . BP announced on June 15 , 2010 , it would lease 32 machines from the company . Lessons lingering from oil spill If Smith and Costner had told them BP was placing a huge order , they would not have sold , the suit said . The 10 % of the company that Baldwin sold for $ 500,000 should have been worth $ 3.8 million , while the 28 % stake sold by Contogouris for $ 1.4 million was worth $ 10.6 million , the suit said . Lawyers for Costner and Smith contend Baldwin and Contogouris sold their stock "  with eyes wide open , to get out of a soured business relationship and to invest in other ventures . " Video : Can Costner clean up the spill ? They knew that BP might place the order , a defense filing said . It was widely reported in the news and Costner testified about it to Congress two days before the stock sale . Contrary to trying to trick Baldwin into selling his shares , Costner was "  dumbfounded , " "  flabbergasted " and "  furious " when he learned Baldwin and Contogouris had sold out "  because it enabled plaintiffs to cash out their interests " before the company had earned any money , the defense filing said . Costner and Baldwin are both on the list of witnesses expected to testify .	Baldwin says Costner , others tricked him into selling stock just before its value would rise BP placed $ 52 million order for oil separators 4 days after Baldwin committed to selling his stock Costner 's company developed the machines to separate spilled oil from water in the 1990s Both actors must attend each day of the federal trial
CNN  -- Serbia will face France in the final of the Davis Cup after a tense 3-2 semifinal victory over the Czech Republic in front of a passionate home support in Belgrade . The Czechs led 2-1 after winning Saturday 's doubles rubber , meaning the hosts had to claim victory in both reverse singles to secure their first-ever appearance in the final . World number two Novak Djokovic , who missed Friday 's opening singles with a stomach complaint , drew the two nations level at 2-2 when he recovered from the loss of the opening set to defeat Czech No. 1 Tomas Berdych 4-6 6-3 6-2 6-4 . It completed a miserable weekend for Wimbledon finalist Berdych , who lost both of his singles rubbers . That result means Janko Tipsarevic had to defeat the previously unbeaten Radek Stepanek to seal Serbia 's final place and he did just that , winning 6-0 7-6 6-4 to send the 15,000 home supporters into raptures . There was less drama in the other semifinal , where France completed their domination over Argentina with a 5-0 whitewash victory in Lyon . The French led 3-0 going into the final day , meaning nothing rested on the results of the reverse singles rubbers . However , Gilles Simon 's 7-6 6-7 6-3 defeat of Eduardo Schwank meant the whitewash became a possibility -- and it was completed when Arnaud Clement beat Horacio Zeballos 7-5 6-1 . The victory ensures France , who dumped out holders Spain in the previous round , reached their first Davis Cup final since 2002 .	Serbia secured their first Davis Cup final appearance , where they will face France The home side defeated Czech Republic 3-2 in a tense semifinal in Belgrade Janko Tipsarevic secured the winning point with victory over Redek Stepanek France secured their place in the final with a crushing 5-0 success over Argentina
CNN Library  CNN  -- Charlotte , North Carolina , also known as the "  Queen City , " is expected to reap the economic benefits for hosting the Democratic National Convention . But how much ? Here 's a look - by the numbers . 751,087 : Population of Charlotte , North Carolina . 35,000 : Number of attendees expected at the Democratic National Convention . 15,000 : Number of attendees from the media . Unconventional : Postcards from Charlotte 6,000 : Number of expected delegates . 13,950 : Number of hotel rooms booked in the Charlotte metropolitan area by convention attendees . 88.5 % : Percentage of hotel rooms in the Charlotte area booked for the convention . $ 36 million : Amount Charlotte host committee is expected to spend on the DNC . Democrats to highlight Obama 's tough decisions $ 128.7 million : Expected economic impact on North Carolina from the Democratic National Convention , according to Jones Lang LaSalle . This takes into account losses of $ 6.6 million from Charlotte-area residents avoiding downtown during the event . $ 150 million to $ 200 million : Expected economic impact on North Carolina , according to the state Department of Commerce . $ 127.3 million : Total economic impact realized by Denver after the 2008 Democratic National Convention . $ 8.6 million : Amount of money lost by Boston from hosting the 2004 Democratic National Convention . $ 12 million : Amount spent by the Democratic National Convention Committee to remodel Time Warner Cable Arena and Bank of America stadium . 70 : Expected number of protest groups that will take part in demonstrations during the convention . $ 50 million : Amount of federal funds allocated to Charlotte for police and security . 1,685 : Number of police officers on the force in Charlotte .	751,087 : Population of Charlotte , North Carolina 35,000 : Number of attendees expected at the Democratic National Convention $ 150 million to $ 200 million : Expected economic impact on North Carolina 70 : Expected number of protest groups during the convention
CNN  -- Want to get an iPhone 5 on Friday ? You 'll probably need to wait in line . Or pay someone to do it for you . Hipster-looking shoppers already have plopped down in folding chairs outside Apple 's flagship store on Fifth Avenue in New York . And in San Francisco , a man working through a micro-tasking company  more on what that means in a second  has been diligently waiting in line , for a price , since Monday . "  You 're going to wait here until Friday ? God watch over you , " a stranger told that person , who was using a service called TaskRabbit , according to his Twitter feed . Massive demand awaits Friday 's iPhone 5 sale TaskRabbit nabbed the first-in-line spot to try to promote its online service that allows people to pay someone else to do a menial task for them . In this case , according to CNET , you can find people online who for about $ 40 to $ 150 will stand in line to purchase the iPhone 5 on your behalf . That sort of idea is n't all that new , and line-standers also are offering their services on craigslist . "  If you are looking to buy the iPhone 5 when it is released , but not looking to stand in the line . I 'll do it for you ! " wrote one person in Los Angeles . "  I 'll get in line at 6 a.m. for 40 bucks . Camp overnight for 70 , " wrote another stander , this one from the San Francisco Bay Area . Other people are posting craigslist ads asking others to stand in line for them . One such ad , in Los Angeles , says the patron will offer the stander "  a reasonable amount " ... "  and on top of that , I 'll even buy you breakfast . " CNN iReport : Lining up for an iPhone 5 ? For those who do n't want to spend even more than the hefty price tag for the iPhone , but do want to pick up a phone on Friday , perhaps the line is the way to go . Unless you hopped online within the first hour or so last Friday , pre-ordered iPhones are n't expected to arrive for weeks . But plan to get up early on Friday morning . While opening-day iPhone lines vary by location -- what passes as early enough at a Radio Shack in Nevada may not work for an Apple store in New York -- analysts generally say advance consumer demand for the iPhone 5 is outpacing previous models . Early reviews of the phone have been positive . Apple recently announced it had received 2 million pre-orders for the new phone , which is taller , faster , lighter and slimmer than the previous model , the iPhone 4S . That 's about double what the company experienced for the previous iPhone , Apple said . That could foreshadow long lines . Or it could mean more consumers are skipping the line-waiting game and , instead , have chosen to order the phone online . iPhone 5 pre-order shipping dates pushed back The line waits are part exercise in extreme consumerism , part homage to Apple . Last year some of the line-standers made pilgrimages to Apple stores in part out of a sense of tribute to Apple co-founder Steve Jobs , who died a week before the phone went on sale . Fans set up mini-memorials in his honor at some Apple stores . To get a sense of what the most dedicated Apple fans are willing to go through , check out this chart from The Atlantic , which shows the longest Apple gadget waits . iReport : Camping out at Little Rock Apple store If you 're just in the market for purchasing the new iPhone , not the in-line circus , there are several other stores that plan to carry the iPhone 5 on Friday . They include AT&T , Sprint and Verizon stores , as well as select Best Buy , RadioShack , Target and Walmart locations . Check with stores in your area for details . Still want to brave the Apple store ? Doors open at 8 a.m. local time Friday in the U.S. , Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Hong Kong , Japan , Singapore and the UK . The iPhone 5 will roll out to 22 more countries on September 28 . Apple 's secrets are n't so secret anymore , and that 's O.K.	People will stand in iPhone 5 lines for you , for a price The going rate on TaskRabbit is $ 40 to $ 150 for a line stander The iPhone 5 goes on sale at stores in nine countries on Friday
CNN  -- Federal officers charged with keeping terrorists off planes are now searching their own ranks for staff who told CNN that few flights were protected by air marshals . Iraq war veteran Jeff Denning says a TSA investigator called him trying to find out if he spoke to CNN . The Transportation Security Administration rejected as a "  myth " CNN 's report that less than 1 percent of the nation 's daily flights carry armed federal air marshals . Now the agency is conducting an investigation into who talked to CNN and who encouraged other agents to do the same . A spokesman for the TSA confirmed the investigation . Spokesman Christopher White said a TSA investigator is looking into the "  possible unauthorized release of sensitive and classified information to the news media by covered parties . " "  As part of this ongoing investigation , several individuals , both current and former employees , have been contacted as is typical in any investigation , " he said in an e-mail to CNN . CNN spoke to more than a dozen current and former air marshals , pilots and federal law enforcement officials for the report , which aired in March on "  Anderson Cooper 360º . " Repeatedly , the sources told CNN that as few as 280 of an estimated 28,000 daily flights had armed federal air marshals aboard . That amounts to less than 1 percent . "  That number is absolutely wrong , " said Kip Hawley , the head of the agency . He was speaking earlier this year before Congress , which held hearings into the Federal Air Marshal Service  FAMS  in the wake of CNN 's reporting . CNN learned of the TSA investigation from a former federal air marshal and Iraq war veteran , Jeff Denning . He was not connected to the original story . Denning said he was called by TSA investigator Greg Neiderer a few days after he came back from the front lines of Iraq . Denning said Neiderer grilled him on an e-mail he received on his personal account while he was in Iraq . The e-mail discussed plans to expose corruption in the air marshal service . The e-mail encouraged recipients to contact CNN correspondent Drew Griffin if they had information about the hiring of airport screeners as air marshals , the elimination of mandatory psychiatric tests for new hires and managers lying to Congress . Read the e-mail " CNN only recently received a copy of the e-mail . CNN did not have it when the report aired in March . Denning said he forwarded the e-mail to current and former air marshals . Denning said Neiderer wanted to know who sent him the e-mail . Nothing in the e-mail contained sensitive security information , Denning said , nor did it encourage anyone to disclose information that could endanger the public . "  I was petrified , " Denning said of Neiderer 's phone call , explaining how he contacted CNN full of dismay that the TSA was harassing him and his family to find out which of his former colleagues had talked to the media . "  In Iraq , there were a lot of dangerous things , but never have I been so scared -LSB- as -RSB- when the federal government called me on my home phone and said I want to know about your personal e-mail account and what you have been sending . " TSA 's Hawley refused repeated requests to be interviewed by CNN . Neiderer did not return repeated calls or e-mails . In an e-mail , TSA spokesman White confirmed Neiderer 's involvement , but denied that the TSA or the Federal Air Marshal Service had accessed anyone 's private e-mail accounts , via subpoena or otherwise . However , he added that "  all e-mails sent to government employees on a government system are always eligible to be read and reviewed as is outlined on every computer in TSA , including the FAMS . " White did not say how much the investigation is costing taxpayers or how long it would last . With a few phone calls , CNN was able to find the author of the original e-mail . The author is an air marshal who asked that his identity be concealed for fear of retribution by the TSA . The marshal said he sent the e-mail because for six years , his colleagues have been trying to alert Congress about continuing problems in the air marshal service . Many have left , he said , because of low morale and complaints about management . A May 2008 report from the Department of Homeland Security Office of the Inspector General said that the agency "  currently experiences a 17 % voluntary attrition rate and low employee morale . " "  Congress does n't want to hear it , " the marshal said . "  They stick their heads in the sand . We tell them about the corruption . We give them examples and proof and I think they are scared of what they see . And they do n't want to deal with it . " The marshal said he had done nothing wrong by sending an e-mail . "  The only thing in my e-mail was my telling these other air marshals that CNN was willing to expose the corruption in the federal air marshal services and Mr. Griffin 's e-mail address , " he said . "  That 's not sensitive security information . That 's freedom of speech . " He said he sent another e-mail urging air marshals to contact members of Congress investigating the air marshal service . Meanwhile , the air marshal service is undergoing a management change . Shortly after CNN aired its first report , director Dana Brown announced plans to retire . He has since decided to stay with the air marshals in a newly created position of Integrity Officer . His successor is Robert Bray , current deputy director , who , like Brown and Neiderer , is a former Secret Service employee . According to the TSA , Brown 's job is to ensure that "  disciplinary measures and other personnel actions are administered uniformly throughout the organization . " Former air marshal Denning said he thinks the TSA should spend its time tracking down terrorists instead of former employees ' e-mails . "  If they want to tap into someone 's personal e-mail because they were going to destroy the Pentagon or kill the president , I could see reasons for contacting someone , " Denning said . "  But they 're contacting me on my personal e-mail that I apparently forwarded to someone else 's personal e-mail account . It 's outlandish . " CNN 's Todd Schwarzschild contributed to this report .	TSA questions former air marshal about e-mail encouraging him to talk to CNN In March , CNN reported that armed air marshals are on fewer than 1 percent of flights TSA denied findings , says it is investigating possible release of classified info Employee says he sent e-mail because he wanted to expose problems in TSA
Tokyo  CNN  -- The meltdowns of three reactors at Japan 's Fukushima nuclear power plant may have happened more than two years ago , but the disaster remains a giant , unresolved mess . An earthquake in 2011 triggered a tsunami which slammed into the plant , disabling it . The threat of radiation forced neighbors to evacuate and many still ca n't return to their homes . Authorities face many challenges before they can make the facility safe again for the long term . Explainer : Fukushima update Here are five of the biggest questions still out there : 1 . How dangerous for your health is Fukushima ? Data published in August shows 44 out of 216,809 children under age 18 in Fukushima prefecture were diagnosed with thyroid cancer or suspected of having the disease . The figure is far higher than the international average but opinions are split as to whether this is because of the nuclear accident or because of more sensitive screening . Also , health experts say it takes years after radiation exposure to develop thyroid cancer , which suggests the cause of the cancer may predate the tsunami . Read more about Fukushima health effects 2 . What can you do with radioactive water ? The most immediate problem for plant operator Tepco is the hundreds of tons of water poured over the damaged nuclear reactors every single day to keep the molten fuel cool . If the fuel is not kept cool , it could cause another disaster . That radioactive water then needs to be stored safely . But several on-site water storage tanks that were originally designed to be temporary have sprung leaks . Tepco said last summer that as much as 300 tons of toxic groundwater was seeping into the Pacific Ocean every day , sparking fears about radioactive contamination of fish , which are a major food source . Read more about the leaks More about Japanese-spawned tuna caught off the U.S. 3 . Is it safe to remove spent fuel rods ? Tepco is just days away from starting to remove 1,500 irradiated spent fuel rods from a pool in reactor number 4 to a safer location . The building was damaged by a hydrogen blast after the disaster . Removing fuel from a severely damaged pool has never been attempted . Critics fear the building is unstable and any mistake could cause a new nuclear disaster . Read more about removing the fuel rods 4 . How do you remove molten fuel in melted down reactors ? The radiation levels in reactors 1 , 2 and 3 are so high that the area is inaccessible to humans . No one knows for sure where the molten core is resting within the basements of the buildings and how far it has penetrated through their floors . The technology does not exist to remove this molten fuel . 5 . How do you stop running out of skilled labor ? Workers within the Fukushima nuclear power plant have a radiation exposure limit . Once they reach this limit they can no longer work on site and new workers need to be found . As time goes on , more experienced workers will reach their exposure limits , sparking concerns that available workers will have decreased skill levels .	Fukushima officials must figure out what to do with increasing amounts of radioactive water There are questions about lingering effects for people near the facility during meltdowns Experts do n't know exactly how to remove molten nuclear fuel from the melted down reactors
CNN  -- Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner became Latin America 's first female president to win a second term when she sailed to victory in Argentina 's elections . With 98 % of votes counted Monday , Fernandez was the decisive winner , obtaining nearly 54 % of votes cast and far surpassing her closest competitor . Hermes Binner , a Socialist governor from Santa Fe , came in second place with almost 17 % of the votes . Economic issues played a large role in Sunday 's vote , political analyst Carlos Germano told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol . South America 's second-largest economy has bounced back from the brink and shaped a most unlikely recovery , driven by high commodities demand from China and a series of unorthodox economic policies that worked to help shelter Argentina from much of the economic malaise that is gripping the rest of the planet right now . Under Fernandez 's leadership , Argentina 's economy has enjoyed sustained growth of about 8 % annually . The president points to this expansion and a low debt load as examples of how Argentina is well-positioned to weather the uncertainty in the current global markets . Fernandez 's win was a sign that Argentinians want to see economic growth continue , Germano said . "  It was an overwhelming vote to preserve what we have in light of the imminence of the problems that we are seeing in the United States and Europe , " he said . Fernandez , a center-left member of the Peronist party , went into Sunday 's vote as the undisputed front-runner after handily winning the primary vote . Continuously weaving her role as the nation 's leader with being the widow of former president Nestor Carlos Kirchner , who died in 2010 , Fernandez said she carries her husband 's ideals as she returns to office . Fernandez , 58 , has said her second presidential term will be dedicated to her late husband 's memory . "  Today is a rare day for me , because there are too many feelings , " Fernandez said as results came in Sunday night . "  If I tell you I am happy , I lie , if I tell you I am sad , I lie . ... I am not speaking as his widow but as his partner in militancy for the rest of my life , " she said . In 2007 , Kirchner stepped aside so his wife , Fernandez , could run . She was elected with 45 % of the vote , becoming Argentina 's first elected female president . Thousands crammed into Buenos Aires ' Plaza de Mayo waving flags and shouting "  Viva Cristina , Viva Peronismo ! ' to welcome back their charismatic leader . Entire families and groups of activists cheered as results trickled in showing the incumbent president with a considerable advantage over her opponents . But Binner and his party still had a significant showing in Sunday 's election , Germano said . "  I think it 's a force with the possibility of growing both in the short and long term , " he said . Binner told supporters Sunday that he had congratulated Kirchner on her win , Argentina 's official Telam news agency reported . But he vowed that his party will keep fighting for its progressive beliefs . "  We will be in the opposition . We will be the ones who make alternative proposals , but we will be relentless , " he said , according to Telam . CNN 's Guillermo Fontana and Brian Byrnes contributed to this report .	Analyst : Economic issues played a large role in the voters ' choice The runner-up vows to keep fighting for his party 's values The 58-year-old president went into Sunday 's vote as the undisputed front-runner Fernandez has said her second term will be dedicated to her late husband 's memory
