CNN  -- From the Arab Spring to a global economic crisis to the killing of Osama bin Laden , 2011 has been defined by historic and dynamic events that will shape the world in the years ahead . A revolt across the Middle East and North Africa began with the self-immolation of a struggling merchant in Tunisia and spread across the region . Egyptian protesters toppled the 30-year rule of Hosni Mubarak , and rebels in Libya battled against supporters of long-time strongman Moammar Gadhafi . Gadhafi was eventually killed in October after months on the run from rebel forces and NATO bombardments . The significance of the Arab Spring is indisputable , but was it the biggest story of the year ? The earth shook off the coast of Japan in March , triggering one of the worst tsunamis in years , destroying nearly everything in its path and sending millions fleeing for high ground . Beyond the utter calamity from the 9.0-magnitude earthquake , Japan found itself dealing with the worst nuclear crisis since the 1986 Chernobyl disaster . The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear facility was knocked offline , resulting in a meltdown of three reactors , with radiation leaking into the air and contaminated water spilling into the sea . The long-term effects from the stricken plant remain unknown . Natural disasters hit the United States hard , too . The largest tornado outbreak ever recorded swept across across the South , Midwest and Northeast -- with a record 207 touching down on April 27 and killing 346 people . Alabama bore the brunt of the destruction , with a massive twister turning the college town of Tuscaloosa into a disaster zone . Three weeks later , a mile-wide tornado ripped through Joplin , Missouri , killing more than 150 people and wreaking havoc across the blue-collar town at the edge of the Ozark Mountains . It marked the deadliest single tornado in 60 years . From Washington to New York residents in August braced for Hurricane Irene , a powerful storm that forecasters feared would cause catastrophic damage . The storm weakened before landfall , but it still was blamed for at least 20 deaths in eight states . On the battlefield , Navy SEAL Team Six became part of American military lore when the elite unit raided a compound in Pakistan , killing Osama bin Laden , the leader of al Qaeda and the most-wanted terrorist in the world who had orchestrated the terror attacks of 9/11 . For President Barack Obama , the bin Laden raid marked a high point of his presidency . Sometimes considered soft on terror , Obama achieved something his predecessor failed to do : bring the terror mastermind to justice . The killing came ahead of the 10-year anniversary of the 9/11 attacks , which was marked by the opening of several memorials , including an outdoor tribute at Ground Zero in New York . The United States also marked a decade of war in Afghanistan , a conflict that began in the months after 9/11 aimed at rooting out al Qaeda terrorists . While the Afghanistan war rages on , the United States is preparing to pull out the last of its troops from Iraq . The year also was defined by economic turmoil . Prime ministers in Greece and Italy quit amid a slow-motion fiscal disaster unfolding in Europe , while Standard & Poor 's downgraded the U.S. credit rating for the first time after it said Congress failed to do enough to stabilize the country 's debt situation . The downgrade , which came after an eleventh-hour agreement to raise the debt ceiling , damaged an already-stagnant economy . As the U.S. saw unemployment hit 9 percent , the Occupy Wall Street movement -- a grassroots protest against policies favoring the richest 1 % -- spread to dozens of cities across the country and Europe . Meanwhile , Republican presidential candidates looked to seize their campaign to retake the White House in 2012 . In October , former VP candidate Sarah Palin and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie disappointed supporters by saying they would n't run , and by early December the GOP field seemed to be down to two serious contenders : Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich . In July , the world was reminded of man-made tragedy with near-simultaneous terror attacks in Norway . A car bomb exploded in Oslo targeting government buildings , while miles away , an armed man opened fire on a youth leadership camp , killing 77 . Months earlier , Rep. Gabby Giffords was shot in the head as she met with constituents at a supermarket near Tucson , Arizona . Six people were killed in the attack , including a young girl and a federal judge . Giffords has awed the nation in her recovery . Married to astronaut Mark Kelly , the congresswoman traveled to Kennedy Space Center in May to watch as her husband commanded the final launch of space shuttle Endeavour . A few months later , NASA launched the final space shuttle mission , retiring the fleet of historic spacecraft after 30 years . The mission , STS-135 , ended on July 21 when Atlantis arrived back at Kennedy . Other stories dominated the headlines , too . Casey Anthony was found not guilty in Florida in her daughter 's death , while Conrad Murray was convicted in the death of superstar Michael Jackson . Charlie Sheen 's raging narcissism captivated the nation for a couple weeks as his bizarre behavior prompted his TV bosses to fire him from "  Two and a Half Men " . Other bad boys popped into the news : Rep. Anthony Weiner of New York tweeted a picture of himself in his underwear and soon was forced to resign , and Maria Shriver filed for divorce from Arnold Schwarzenegger after a family housekeeper came forward about her love child with the former California governor . Scandal struck far and wide in 2011 . Dominique Strauss-Kahn , once seen as a future leader of France , quit as head of the International Monetary Fund after he was accused of sexually assaulting a hotel housekeeper in New York -- a charge that was later dropped . British tabloids run by media tycoon Rupert Murdoch were hit by a phone hacking scandal that resulted in the flagship News of the World folding . In the United States , child sex abuse scandals tainted athletics programs at Penn State and Syracuse universities basketball team . Jerry Sandusky , a former Penn State assistant football coach , was charged with multiple counts of sex abuse against children , and legendary head coach Joe Paterno was fired in the scandal 's aftermath . In Syracuse , assistant basketball coach Bernie Fine was fired after three people , including two former ball boys , said he molested them for years . No charges have been filed against Fine , but multiple investigations have been launched . Yet not all news was bad in 2011 . The world got a brief respite from doom-and-gloom headlines in April when Prince William and Catherine Middleton wed at Westminster Abbey . Their wedding was one of the most-watched events of the year -- from TV to the Internet . On the streets of London , many captured royal images on their mobile devices and instantly shared them with friends . Some of those images might never have been shared if it had n't have been for the creator of the iPhone : Apple founder Steve Jobs , the genius who led the home computer revolution and inspired some the world 's most popular mobile devices . Jobs died of pancreatic cancer in October . His final words , according to his sister , were "  Oh wow . Oh wow . Oh wow ! " Fitting words for 2011 .	Arab Spring , economy , Japan quake , bin Laden raid define 2011 news events Scandals also marred 2011 , from absurd  Charlie Sheen  to sordid  Penn State
London  CNN  -- A striped crosswalk in London entered the history books Wednesday for a second time . First , the Beatles made it famous by walking across it on the cover of their "  Abbey Road " album , prompting millions of imitators . Then , this week , the British government declared the zebra crossing a historic landmark -- the first street crossing ever to get the designation . "  It is a fantastic testimony to the international fame of the Beatles that -- more than 40 years on -- this crossing continues to attract thousands of visitors each year , trying to mimic their iconic ` Abbey Road ' album cover , " British heritage minister John Penrose said . The street crossing is near the Abbey Road music studios , where the album was recorded . The studios themselves were declared a historic landmark in February . Paul McCartney , who appears barefoot on the album cover , said he and the Beatles had had a great year and that the designation of the crosswalk was "  icing on the cake . " He and Ringo Starr are the only two living Beatles . John Lennon was shot and killed in 1980 , and George Harrison died of cancer in 2001 .	Millions have imitated the Beatles album cover The street crossing is the first one ever to get the designation It 's near the Abbey Road studios where the Beatles recorded the album
CNN  -- China 's figure skating pair of Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo capped an emotional comeback to the Winter Olympics on Monday by capturing the pairs figure skating gold . By winning the event , Shen and Zhao captured their country 's first gold medal in figure skating and fulfilled a quest that had previously eluded them . The husband-and-wife team had retired from Olympic competition , but was coaxed back by the hope of claiming gold . China made it a 1-2 finish in pairs skating after Pan Qing and Tong Jian claimed silver , according to the Vancouver Olympics Web site . Germany 's Aliona Savchenko and Robin Szolkowy claimed third place and the bronze medal in the event . Elsewhere at the Olympics , South Korea 's Mo Tae-Bum captured the gold medal in the men 's 500-meter speed skating event . Japan 's Keiichiro Nagashima and Joji Kato captured silver and bronze , respectively . In figure skating , China 's Shen and Zhao had retired in 2007 after capturing three world championships and two Olympic bronze medalists , making them the most decorated figure skaters in their country 's history . Shen and Zhao were also newlyweds after Zhao proposed to Shen on the ice following a stunning 2007 World Championship performance in Tokyo . Headlining the popular Stars on Ice tour in the United States , retirement seemed like a natural step for Zhao and Shen . But after just two years away , they declared they would return for the Vancouver Olympics , presumably to capture the gold medal that eluded them . CNN memories : What was it like to train with Olympic champs ? Zhao and Shen kicked off their comeback fittingly by winning the Cup of China last season . They won all three of their events and set a new world record at the Grand Prix Final . The pair , formerly ranked number one in the world , opened the Vancouver Olympic figure skating competitions by performing first of the 20 competing pairs . Their draw was considered bad luck , especially because Shen and Zhao currently rank 29th in the world after being away from competition . Zhao and Shen delivered a near flawless performance in the short program on Sunday , what many skating analysts called their strongest program ever . "  We wanted the program to show all that we have , and we made it , " Zhao told the Xinhua news agency in Vancouver following the short program on Sunday . "  It 's the best gift for the Valentine 's Day , " Shen added . CNN 's Jo Ling Kent contributed to this report .	China 's Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo claim figure skating pairs gold Husband-wife team had returned to competition after two-year absence South Korea 's Mo Tae-Bum wins gold in men 's 500-meter speed skating Japan claims silver and bronze in men 's 500-meter speed skating
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair , who left office last June , has taken up a part-time job with a Wall Street bank on an estimated $ 1 million salary . JP Morgan Chase did not say how much Blair will make in the part-time position . Blair will work with JP Morgan Chase , a firm with assets of $ 1.5 trillion and operations in more than 50 countries . He will advise the bank on global political and strategic issues , a company statement said . "  We operate our business all over the world , and Tony Blair will bring our leaders and clients a unique and invaluable global perspective that is especially critical in turbulent times like these , " said Jamie Dimon , chairman and CEO of the company , in the statement . Neither Blair nor the bank would say how much the former PM would be paid . A New York recruitment consultant though told the Financial Times that the job was likely to be worth more than $ 987,000  # 500,000  a year . Advisory jobs such as the one Blair has accepted are popular among former world leaders . His predecessor as prime minister , John Major , took a position with the Carlyle Group , a private investment house , as did former U.S. President George H.W. Bush . Blair left 10 Downing Street in June after a decade as prime minister , and took an appointment as a special envoy for the Middle East Quartet , which includes the United States , the United Nations , Russia and the European Union . The quartet hopes to re-energize the peace process between Israelis and Palestinians . During his tenure as prime minister , Blair 's Labour Party won three straight general elections . In addition , peace came to Northern Ireland and the British economy boomed . But the Iraq war and several domestic controversies damaged Blair 's reputation . Before his re-election in 2005 , Blair had vowed to serve a full third term , but political infighting within Labour ranks culminated in a political coup that prompted him to leave office early . E-mail to a friend	Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair to take up job at JP Morgan One consultant told FT Blair would likely be paid up to $ 1 million a year He will advise the bank on global political and strategic issues
CNN  -- The Florida Board of Executive Clemency on Thursday voted unanimously to posthumously pardon Jim Morrison , the charismatic lead singer for The Doors , four decades after Morrison was convicted of indecent exposure and open profanity . Outgoing Florida Gov. Charlie Crist -- an admitted Doors fan -- proposed the official let-off for the late singer for a disputed incident during a Miami , Florida , concert . Morrison 's widow , Patricia Kennealy Morrison , who opposed the pardon , said she was not surprised at the outcome , given the fans who were supporting it . "  Since the original charges and trial were a publicity stunt to begin with , it does n't surprise me in the slightest that the pardon should follow in those footsteps , " she told CNN . Her husband "  did nothing to be pardoned for " and his record should have been expunged , Patricia Morrison said . Crist , who is set to leave office in January after losing his bid for the Senate in the recent midterm elections , said that after reviewing the case file , he felt compelled to get involved . "  What I do know is that if someone has n't committed a crime , that should be recognized , " he said before the vote . "  We live in a civil society that understands that lasting legacy of a human being , and maybe the last act for which they may be known , is something that never occurred in the first place , it 's never a bad idea to try to right a wrong . " The governor said the conviction should have been dismissed after Morrison 's death "  so that he was again presumed innocent . " "  A pardon corrects the fact that Mr. Morrison is now unable to take advantage of the presumption of innocence that is the cornerstone of the American criminal justice system , " Crist said in a statement after the vote . Board member Alex Sink , the state 's outgoing chief financial officer , said she spent the day Wednesday listening to The Doors . Crist , Sink , Attorney General Bill McCollum and Agriculture Commissioner Charles Bronson voted for the pardon . Morrison had been performing with the band at a typically raucous concert at Miami 's Key Auditorium on March 1 , 1969 , when the incident took place . Reportedly drunk and slurring obscenities at the crowd , he was accused of unzipping his pants and simulating a sex act , a charge he denied . Despite being acquitted of lascivious behavior and drunkenness , Morrison was convicted of indecent exposure and open profanity and sentenced to six months in jail . He was still appealing the verdict in 1971 when he died in Paris of a heart attack at the age of 27 . He would have turned 67 on Wednesday . Doors fans have long appealed for an official pardon for "  The Lizard King , " petitioning previous Florida governors without success . Many argue that the trial was a sham and that there was no conclusive evidence supporting the exposure charge against Morrison . "  Since last month , about 130 people have written in favor of the pardon , and 70 are opposed , " Crist spokesman Sterling Ivey said . Normally , Ivey said , up to 15 letters per case are received . "  It far exceeds the amount of input we usually have on clemency or pardon cases , " he said . "  I just do n't think there is sufficient evidence in the file or on the record , no photos or video that would indicate that the alleged act occurred , " Crist said . "  My heart bleeds for  Morrison  and his family . " But Patricia Morrison , author of the book "  Strange Days : My Life With and Without Jim Morrison , " said he would reject such a pardon . "  I think he would reject this completely out of hand , " she told CNN . "  He would just say , ` You know , no thanks . I ca n't be bothered . ' " Patricia Morrison was n't at the concert where the incident took place , but said by most accounts , evidence that Jim Morrison exposed himself was slim , although she acknowledged he was drunk at the time . She attended his trial , and "  I saw a stack of photos that the prosecution was entering in as evidence . " The most compromising one , she said , "  was him with his hand stuck down the front of his pants . " "  Despite the fact that there were 10,000 people in the hall that night , funny thing , no one has a picture of the actual exposure of the Lizard King 's lizard , " said Patricia Morrison , who currently writes rock and roll mystery novels . She calls the idea of a pardon silly , writing in a letter to Crist that Jim Morrison "  would hate , loathe , detest and despise the whole idea . He would think it is yet another pathetic attempt by the State of Florida to use him for its own cheap and cynical publicity-hungry purposes , and I have no doubt but that he would rip the ` pardon ' into tiny pieces . " "  He did n't do anything wrong , but he would n't want to be cleared , " she told CNN . The late '60s and early '70s saw an evolving culture of drugs , hippies and rock-and-roll music that helped set a theme for that generation . "  Make love , not war " was a popular slogan . However , following Jim Morrison 's arrest several days after the concert , a decency rally was staged at the Orange Bowl . The trial took its toll on the singer , Patricia Morrison said . He moved to Paris during the appeal . Even today , The Doors ' music remains popular . "  He was light years ahead of his time , " Patricia Morrison said of her husband . "  Which , I think , is why people still identify so strongly with his art and what he was trying to do . " But she said it 's hard for her to listen to the band . "  I do n't listen , because I do n't want to be surprised by Jim when I 'm not really prepared to hear his voice , " she said . "  It 's very painful . ... That 's the voice that sings all those wonderful songs . But it 's also the voice that said all those really nice things into my ear . And that 's really hard to get around sometimes . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report	Jim Morrison 's widow says pardon a publicity stunt Clemency board grants pardon to late singer Jim Morrison 's widow says he would reject a pardon Morrison was accused of shouting obscenities at crowd and then exposing himself
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. military supply ship fired at a small boat in the Persian Gulf on Monday after it came too close , killing one person onboard and wounding three , Defense Department officials said . The USNS Rappahannock , a fuel resupply ship , fired on what two U.S. officials called a "  small , white pleasure craft " 10 miles  16 kilometers  from the Dubai port of Jebel Ali . The casualties were Indian fishermen , according to the United Arab Emirates ' news agency WAM . U.S. officials expressed their condolences and said the incident is under investigation . The small boat appeared to be headed for that port , the Defense Department officials said , adding that their information was preliminary . The U.S. ship verbally warned the smaller boat when it was 1,200 yards  1,100 meters  away and fired at least one warning shot before the decision was made to fire shots to disable the boat , the officials said . "  In accordance with Navy force protection procedures , the sailors on the USNS Rappahannock ... used a series of nonlethal , preplanned responses to warn the vessel before resorting to lethal force , " the Navy said in a statement . "  The U.S. crew repeatedly attempted to warn the vessel 's operators to turn away from their deliberate approach . When those efforts failed to deter the approaching vessel , the security team on the Rappahannock fired rounds from a .50 - caliber machine gun . " Officials described the course of events as standard procedures when a small boat gets too close to a U.S. Navy ship . The officials , who would not be identified because of the sensitivity of the situation , also described the small boat as having made a series of maneuvers , but emphasized they were waiting for more details about what exactly happened . UAE authorities are investigating the incident , WAM quoted Tariq Ahmed Al Haidan , a Foreign Ministry official , as saying . And a UAE source said the Emirates ' government would follow up after a review . Jebel Ali is 22 miles  35 kilometers  southwest of Dubai and 37 miles  60 kilometers  north of Abu Dhabi . With 67 berths and extensive dry-dock facilities , it is the largest man-made port in the world and the largest port in the Gulf region and in the Middle East .	NEW : The UAE says the dead and wounded were Indian fishermen One person appears to have been killed , U.S. officials say The boat approached too near the USNS Rappahannock , the officials say The shots were intended to disable the boat , they say
CNN  -- I never actually caught a glimpse of the Tooth Fairy when I was young , but she was definitely real and in cahoots with my mom . This , due to the fact that I never woke up to find a Nintendo . It seems , however , that the Tooth Fairy had plenty of small bills . Which , to be fair , seems the appropriate amount of prize money for literally doing nothing , save for having things fall from your head . And at least she was reliable . Teeth came out . Money came in . Since then , I 've only allowed my adult self to believe in the mythical Receding Hairline Fairy , who comes in during the night and inspects your shower drain for treasure . So far , however , despite plenty of offerings , she 's failed to leave any cash under my pillow . Not even a Nintendo . Even so , I still believe . But now there 's another fairy out there who is both very real and very reliable , and , for many adults , very welcome . She 's the Weed Fairy . Basically , her job is to swoop into town and deliver free marijuana to people on the street . And she recently shared her generosity with Seattle 's Capitol Hill neighborhood . It was there over Memorial Day weekend that she posted around 50 fliers on street poles that read : "  These are tough times . Take this WEED and keep your spirits high . " Taped to each flier was a tiny little nugget of weed . The postings were signed with the Twitter handle @danksyappleweed , which , for those of you paying attention , is a clever play on the name Johnny Appleseed . Though , their missions in life appear to be rather different . Johnny Appleseed is a beloved American treasure who , at the turn of the 18th century , introduced apple trees to many parts of the United States . Danksy Appleweed , on the other hand , helps inspire overstressed businessmen to go home , eat a bag of Cheetos and watch Pink Floyd 's Live at Pompeii . Which is equally as important . Danksy 's real name is Yeni Sleidi , and , according to her website , she is a 23-year-old resident of Brooklyn 's Park Slope neighborhood . But she decided to spread her love on a recent visit to Washington state , where marijuana is legal . Sleidi told Q13 Fox that , "  It 's definitely easy to get it here in Seattle , but not everyone has the money . " And she 's done it in the past . Several months ago she said she provided free weed to people in New York , where the feedback was positive . Which is why , now , she 's much more open about who she is and what she does . The @danksyappleweed handle even links to her personal Twitter account , @sleidi_yeni . Of course , some people are concerned that the weed might fall into the wrong hands , like people under the age of 21 . Or , say , your parents , who like to try things now that they 're older . "  Diane , I found this on the street today . I believe it 's legal marijuana . " "  Oh ! How does it work ? " "  Maybe it 's a suppository . Get me some olive oil . " But Sleidi says that she 's careful about where her little wings take her , explaining , "  I try to leave it in areas where I know the majority of the people are of age . " And the police do n't seem overly concerned either , telling Q13 Fox that it 's not a top priority . Sadly , though , for people in Seattle hoping to find some free heady nuggets , Danksy tweeted on Friday that her short visit to the Emerald City had come to an end , posting her message with a photo taken at what appears to be 420 E. Pike Street . 420 , of course , is a term the kids associate with marijuana , and a bit of modern slang that your parents will promptly mangle . "  OK , Diane , it 's time . Let 's 420 each other . " "  Yay ! Here 's the olive oil . " Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	A woman calls herself the Weed Fairy , and leaves free pot on street posts She recently posted about 50 fliers taped with free weed in Seattle The Weed Fairy 's Twitter handle is @danksyappleweed , but her real name is Yeni Sleidi
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two Supreme Court justices engaged in a late-night exchange of harsh words before the execution early Wednesday of a convicted Tennessee killer who had been sitting on death row for nearly three decades . Justices John Paul Stevens and Clarence Thomas disagreed over whether to grant a stay of execution for Cecil Johnson Jr. . The stay eventually was denied , and about an hour later , at 2:34 a.m. , Johnson was put to death by lethal injection at a Nashville , Tennessee , prison . The 53-year-old inmate had been convicted of murder in a 1980 shooting spree at a convenience store near the state capital . The victims included 12-year-old Bobby Bell Jr. , son of the store owner , who was wounded . Two other men sitting in a nearby taxicab also were shot to death . Stevens , who was initially presented the last-minute appeal by Johnson 's lawyers , would have granted the stay , along with Justice Stephen Breyer . Stevens was concerned that too much time had elapsed between sentencing and the planned execution , amounting perhaps to cruel and unusual punishment . "  Johnson bears little , if any , responsibility for this delay , " said Stevens , who said procedural hurdles at the appellate stage for capital defendants created what he called "  underlying evils of intolerable delay . " "  The delay itself subjects death row inmates to decades of especially severe , dehumanizing conditions of confinement . " It is an issue that the 89-year-old justice has long urged his colleagues to address , with little success . In his early years on the high court in the mid-1970s he had supported the resumption of the death penalty after a four-year moratorium imposed by the Supreme Court . But in recent years , he has voiced his opposition to capital punishment , particularly in cases involving inmates asserting their right to challenge their sentences . Thomas reacted strongly to Stevens ' statement . The conservative jurist said the inmate had challenged his conviction and sentence for nearly 29 years and "  now contends that the very proceedings he used to contest his sentence should prohibit the state from carrying it out . " "  In Justice Stevens ' view , it seems the state can never get the timing just right . The reason , he has said , is that the death penalty itself is wrong . " Thomas said . "  As long as our system affords capital defendants the procedural safeguards this court has long endorsed , defendants who avail themselves of these procedures will face the delays Justice Stevens laments . " Then Thomas goes on to say there are "  alternatives , " citing the custom in England centuries ago to carry out an execution the day after a conviction . "  I have no doubt that such a system would avoid the diminishing justification problem Justice Stevens identifies , but I am equally confident it would find little support from this court . " The high court had been presented with Johnson 's emergency appeal early Tuesday afternoon , but apparently the time needed to produce the Stevens and Thomas statements delayed the high court from issuing its denial of a stay until 1:38 a.m. Wednesday . The execution was carried out as scheduled , with no problems reported by corrections officials .	John Paul Stevens , Clarence Thomas disagreed over whether to grant a stay of execution Stay was denied , Cecil Johnson Jr. was put to death by legal injection in Tennessee Stevens was concerned too much time elapsed between sentencing , scheduled execution Thomas : Inmate challenged conviction , sentence for nearly 29 years , which led to delay
Beijing  CNN  -- If the latest U.S. intelligence reports are true then North Korea is planning to test-fire not one but multiple missiles , the latest provocative act by its unpredictable young leader . While the region has become used to the posturing from Pyongyang , the recent wave of rhetoric has been unusually sustained and virulent , leading some analysts to consider the possibility of an armed confrontation between the two Koreas -- the neighbors remain technically at war after the 1950-53 conflict ended with an armistice rather than a peace treaty . So far Kim Jong Un has refused to listen to the international community , leaving many to wonder if anyone can appeal to the leader , thought to be 30 years old , and defuse the crisis . All eyes are turned on China . Of all the regional powers , analysts say , China has the greatest potential leverage over its traditional ally . Chinese troops fought side by side with the North Koreans during the Korean War that left the Korean peninsula divided . Over the years it has supplied the North with much of its fuel , food and other resources . China could stop doing this at any time but it has rarely done so . "  Chinese netizens say , ` if we squeeze it for one week , what do you do the next week ? You have to un-squeeze because we ca n't let them die , ' " explained Sunny Lee , a South Korean writer and scholar . "  They think it 's an ineffective strategy from the start . " Lee says China has tried squeezing the North in 2002 and again in 2006 . "  They tried it and realized it did not work , " he said . It fears the specter of millions of starving refugees crossing into China along its 1,400-kilometer  880 mile  border with North Korea . It also fears a united Korea under the control of South Korea , a close U.S. ally . Lee says China benefits from the status quo and from Pyongyang 's brinkmanship . "  When North Korea makes some noise , the U.S. ambassador asks the Chinese ambassador at the United Nations for a dialogue , it becomes a public G-2 , " he said . "  It elevates China 's international status . It seems , on the surface , that China has now come around as a respectable global stakeholder . " But Lee said the U.S. benefits too . "  It can pressure South Korea to join its military defense system , it can pressure South Korea to join a regional trading group , and it can sell South Korea more advanced weapons , which are very expensive . " Meanwhile , analysts say a full-scale North Korea attack is unlikely , but they also fear a mishap could unintentionally trigger a localized skirmish -- a fact that has triggered unusually strong statements from Beijing . OPINION : Will China finally ` bite ' North Korea ? "  No country should be allowed to throw a region into chaos for selfish gains , " declared President Xi Jinping last Monday , apparently an oblique slap at its wayward ally . North Korea 's latest bout of saber rattling began on February 12 , when it conducted a third underground nuclear test . The international community reacted with outrage , while the United Nations responded with more sanctions . Even former Cuban leader Fidel Castro , a North Korean ally , warned against conflict last week . He described the current tensions on the peninsula as one of the "  gravest risks " for nuclear holocaust since the Cuban Missile crisis in 1962 . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is visiting China this week to press Beijing to lean on its wayward neighbor . "  Of course they will use their influence , " Jon Huntsman , the former U.S. ambassador to China , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  The question is will North Korea listen to their admonition ? They have influence , but they 've been lied to and they 've been cheated by North Korea . They know that and they are feeling the sting of it . " Huntsman believes the Chinese have less clout with the North Koreans . "  Business is done by people and they have less of a personal rapport at senior levels with the Korean leadership than they did in the years back , " he said . None of China 's current leadership has met with Kim Jong Un . Last November , China dispatched Li Jianguo , a senior Communist Party official , to Pyongyang in a last-minute effort to convince Kim to forgo its planned nuclear test . Li failed . Since then , there have been no high level exchanges between the two former allies . Indeed the last high-profile foreigner to spend quality time with the young Kim was Dennis Rodman , the eccentric former NBA basketball star . "  You have a friend for life , " Rodman told Kim after the two men sat next to each other to watch a basketball exhibition in Pyongyang in March . The meeting showed another side of a young man thrust into the seat of power with much to prove , according to Korea watchers . Christopher Hill , a former U.S. ambassador to South Korea , said the flurry of tough talk out of Pyongyang should n't be ignored , but it could be directed to the citizenry itself . "  I think there 's a big element of domestic North Korean politics , if one can understand that concept , where clearly Kim Jong Un is not being well received , " Hill told CNN recently . "  I think they are trying to kind of boost his status to some sort of wartime leader . " It remains to be seen how far the relatively inexperienced leader will go to shore up his position at home -- even if this pushes the North 's traditional ally too far . Lucrezia Seu in Beijing contributed to the report .	New intelligence reports suggest North Korea planning multiple missile launch Traditional ally China increasingly irritated by regime under Kim Jong Un President Xi Jinping : No country should be allowed to throw region into chaos Analysts believe Kim is under pressure to justify his position at home
CNN  -- A newly found pharaoh 's tomb in Egypt has historians scrambling to rewrite the chronicles of the ancient kings of the Nile . Researchers with the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology recently discovered intricate and vibrantly colored pictures in the tombs of Abydos in the Egyptian desert , and what they read in the pictographs astounded them . The team leader found the name of a previously unknown pharaoh who ruled the area 3,600 years ago , and the first proof of the suspected but shadowy Abydos Dynasty . Josef Wegner , working with the Egyptian Supreme Council of Antiquities , discovered a previously looted tomb that unusually still had its pictures and writing in tact . The pharaoh 's name is Woseribre Senebkay , described as the "  king of upper and lower Egypt . " "  It 's exciting to find not just the tomb of one previously unknown pharaoh , but the necropolis of an entire forgotten dynasty , " Wegner said in a statement from the Penn Museum , where he is associate curator in the Egypt Section . Tomb raiders had looted the chambers of any valuable gold and left the bones of the pharaoh 's mummy scattered about . That gave the team the opportunity to reassemble most of the body , along with his funeral mask . It turns out Woseribre Senebkay was 5 feet , 9 inches tall and died some time in his mid-40s , the team determined . The discovery shows that during a fractured period of time around 1600 B.C. during which the north and south of the Nile were split into rival kingdoms , there was a middle kingdom that may have survived for several generations . Wegner suspects there will be much more evidence to uncover at the sprawling site buried under the hot Egyptian sand . "  Continued work in the royal tombs of the Abydos Dynasty promises to shed new light on the political history and society of an important but poorly understood era of Ancient Egypt , " said Wegner . Tomb of ancient Egypt 's beer maker to the gods of the dead discovered Space archaeologist unlocks secrets of ancient civilizations Mystery surrounds Egyptian sphinx unearthed in Israel	Josef Wegner of University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology made discovery Pictures in tombs of Abydos in Egyptian desert date from around 1600 B.C. Wegner found the name of an unknown pharaoh of the shadowy Abydos Dynasty Tomb is "  the necropolis of an entire forgotten dynasty , " Wegner says in statement
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- Germany 's richest woman has said a former lover has threatened to release pictures of them together if she does not pay him millions of euros  dollars  , according to her spokesman . Susanne Klatten holds a 12.5-percent stake in BMW . Susanne Klatten 's spokesman Joerg Appelhans told CNN Tuesday that the BMW heiress alerted police in January this year that she was the victim of fraud and blackmail by a man he identified as Mr. S. Appelhans said the man had been threatening since autumn 2007 to release pictures of their "  meetings " together . Klatten "  came to the conclusion that the relationship with Mr. S. was of a solely criminal nature , " Appelhans said . Some German media reports say Klatten is one of four rich German women who have been preyed on by the same gang . "  His goal was from the beginning to con her and to blackmail her into giving him money . She rigorously notified authorities even in light of the uncomfortable public repercussions this would have for her . The ensuing criminal investigation led to the arrest of the perpetrator , " Appelhans added . "  The blackmailing with pictures of the meetings they had began in the fall of 2007 . First , the blackmailer demanded a loan of several million euros . Later , he attempted to solicit a much larger sum . " Anton Winkler , from the Munich state prosecutor 's office , confirmed that an investigation has been opened and that a man called Helg Scarbi was arrested in January and is in custody in Munich . He declined to give further details . Rome daily La Repubblica , quoting documents German investigators sent to Italian prosecutors , has reported that the suspect allegedly tried to obtain $ 40 million  $ 51 million  from Klatten , according to The Associated Press . Klatten , the daughter of the late BMW chief Herbert Quandt , holds a 12.5-percent stake in the German carmaker and a 51.1-percent share of chemical company Altana . In 2007 Forbes magazine listed her as the world 's 68th richest person , with a personal fortune of $ 9.6 billion . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Germany 's richest woman says she is being blackmailed for millions of euros BMW heiress says man threatening to release pictures of their "  meetings " Munich state prosecutor says man was arrested in January
London  CNN  -- Now you see it , now you do n't . New street art by famously anonymous graffiti artist Banksy has been removed from a wall just hours after it was tracked down to a street in the British city of Bristol . The artwork , called "  Mobile Lovers , " shows a couple checking their cell phones while in mid-embrace . Members of the Broad Plain Boys youth center used a crowbar to remove it just hours after it was discovered , local media pictures showed . In its place , the youth center posted a note saying it was held at the club "  to prevent vandalism or damage being done . " A spokeswoman for the club told CNN the youth center had no plans for the stencil work for now . She said fans are welcome to view it , but they would be asked for a voluntary donation to club to help with the youth center 's upkeep . As the celebrated artist sent his fans out on a treasure hunt , one devotee said she found the piece using Flickr and Google Street View . "  I was so excited , I popped down there and took a couple of photos ... but did n't tweet them because it 's only held on with screws and I was worried the first person to go there would be a thief , " Banksy fan Sally was quoted as saying by Britain 's BBC . Bristol is where Banksy 's art first appeared more than 20 years ago . Is it a Banksy ? UK street art image appears to show spies at work Secret agents On Monday , Bristol Mayor George Ferguson welcomed the appearance of the image . "  It 's good to see another witty Banksy raid on his home city -- respectfully painted in a blocked up doorway , " he said . "  I hope it will be respected and protected as we would want for any other legitimate work of street art . " The discovery of the new artwork came after another piece , believed to be a Banksy , was found in the provincial English spa town of Cheltenham , in Gloucestershire . Clad in brown trench coats , dark glasses and trilby hats , what appear to be three secret agents huddle around a payphone box with listening equipment . The image -- apparently a comment on the issue of government surveillance -- appeared early Sunday , local media said , on a house wall . The location may be a reference to the town 's role as host to Britain 's Government Communications Headquarters , known as GCHQ -- the UK equivalent of the U.S. National Security Agency . Banksy 's last high-profile project was a month-long street art "  residency " in New York City . Each day of October , Banksy unveiled new works of art around New York . The works were then announced on his website and posted to Instagram . Many of the surprise exhibits followed his signature street-art style : stencils spray-painted on streets , walls of buildings and under bridges . INTERACTIVE : Banksy takes over NYC Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Banksy artwork appears on UK city street but is soon taken down A youth center says it took the piece down to "  prevent vandalism " The street art shows a couple embracing while checking their mobile phones A mural showing secret agents , believed to be a Banksy , also discovered this weekend
CNN  -- Apple on Wednesday said it would cut the price of its 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display while simultaneously updating it with faster processors . The 15-inch model is also getting improved specs , although its price remains the same . The 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro now starts at $ 1,499 for 128GB of solid-state flash storage , and $ 1,699 for 256GB of storage . The higher-end model also includes a more robust 2.6 GHz Intel Core i5 processor . The 15-inch model still starts at $ 2,199 , but now that gets you a quad-core 2.4 GHz Core i7 processor . If you want the best of the best , you can now get a 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro with a quad-core 2.7 GHz Core i7 processor with 16GB of RAM for $ 2,799 . SEE ALSO : Retina MacBook Pro : The Laptop From the Future -LSB- REVIEW -RSB- In addition to the adjustments to the Retina MacBook Pro line , Apple also took the price of its 13-inch MacBook Air down a notch : The 13-inch model with 256GB of flash storage now costs $ 1,399 . The new prices and specs are effective today , both online and in Apple Stores . The price cuts and speed bumps of the 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro make a lot of sense in the light of reviews , which praised the laptop 's high-resolution 2,560 x 1,600 display , but lamented that it did n't have the same kind of power to drive those pixels as its larger 15-inch sibling . "  What 's inescapable is that this first version of the 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro is n't a winner when it comes to price and performance , " wrote Mashable senior tech analyst Christina Warren in her review . "  It 's just a bit too expensive . " Will the price cuts and improved specs make you more inclined to buy a MacBook in the next few weeks ? Let us know in the comments . See the original article on Mashable.com . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple says it 's cutting the price of its 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display The laptop now starts at $ 1,499 for 128GB , $ 200 less than before Apple also took the price of its 13-inch MacBook Air down by $ 100
CNN  -- Nobody 's perfect -- in life or the 2014 NCAA basketball brackets . But Brad Binder gave it quite a ride , notching 36 correct men 's tournament picks until he was derailed Saturday night . Binder , 23 , of Buffalo Grove , Illinois , picked the wrong team to win the Syracuse-Dayton game , killing his chance of a perfect 63-0 bracket in the Yahoo Sports ' Tourney Pick 'em pool . Binder had picked every single game in the round of 64 and the first four games played Saturday . Then , Dayton upset Syracuse , 55-53 . Binder had picked the Orange . The pool is for bragging rights and has no prize money , unlike other bracket pools . Binder forgot to enter the Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge , also run through Yahoo sports . He tweeted Saturday , "  And that was the closest I 've ever come to not winning a billion dollars . " Additionally , there were no perfect brackets remaining in ESPN 's bracket challenge . CBS Sports , which runs one of the bigger bracket challenges , previously reported that in the past two years the last remaining perfect brackets were eliminated in the 22nd and 23rd games of the tournament . ESPN reports that of the roughly 30 million entrants it has had over the 13 years , no one has come close to a perfect bracket , and that only one person has had a perfect first round in the last seven years . Binder told ESPN on Saturday he was in a rush when he was getting ready to leave for work when he filled out his NCAA tournament bracket online . Although he had entered his bracket on the Yahoo website -- he did his picks in less than five minutes -- Binder forgot to enter the Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge . Quicken is one of the sponsors . Quicken and co-sponsor Yahoo have an insurance policy sold to them by Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway , which would cover the cost of any prize money . The companies did not disclose how many people entered the challenge . Binder said that "  never in a million years " did he think he would be in this position . "  I was about to leave for work , and I was in a rush , " Binder said . "  I filled it out , and that was kind of it . I did n't even really think about it . However , if I can reach out to Mr. Buffett , if he would consider grandfathering me in to be eligible and if he can make an exception , that would mean a lot to me and give everyone , I guess , a perfect bracket to root for . " Going into the tournament , winning Buffett 's billion was the ultimate longshot -- 9.2 quintillion-to-1 , by some estimates . See how CNN anchors are doing in the NCAA March Madness Bracket Challenge More on March Madness For March Madness fans , vasectomy timing is everything CNNMoney 's Chris Isidore contributed to this report	NEW : Illinois man 's bid for perfect bracket ends when Dayton wins NEW : Brad Binder did n't sign up for bracket with big jackpot No one is still in running for $ 1 billion for perfect NCAA bracket
CNN  -- Mexican smugglers trying to find new routes into the United States are turning increasingly to the Pacific Ocean for a short sail to the California coast , where they drop off illegal immigrants and marijuana , U.S. officials say . The Pacific Ocean around the California coastline is being used more often by Mexican smugglers . The water route has become particularly popular in the past year . "  We 've seen a huge spike in smuggling by water , " said Lauren Mack , a spokeswoman for the Immigration and Customs Enforcement office in San Diego , California . "  It 's become very , very risky and difficult to cross by land . Smugglers try to jump where they think we 're not looking . " U.S. Coast Guard Capt. Thomas Farris , the top-ranking Coast Guard official at the Port of San Diego , said interdictions of human cargo on the Pacific have doubled since last year . Drug busts -- all marijuana -- are even higher , he said . "  Drug interdictions are six times above what they were last year , " Farris told CNN Wednesday . So far this year , he said , authorities have confiscated 60,000 pounds of marijuana and caught 400 people trying to sneak into the United States . The water route has become popular , he said , because "  the land border has been so severely closed by Customs and border agents . " That land route was particularly difficult Tuesday for smugglers who tried to speed three vans full of illegal immigrants through the San Ysidro border crossing between Tijuana , Mexico , and San Diego , California . San Ysidro is the busiest land border crossing in the world , with up to 45,000 cars and 95,000 people passing through each day . One Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  and two Customs and Border Protection agents opened fire , wounding two suspects , officials said . Another two people were injured when one of the vans crashed into another vehicle . More than 70 people aboard the three vans were captured as were two of the drivers , authorities said . One driver ran back into Mexico and got away , officials said . The San Diego Police Department is investigating the shootings because they occurred within the city limits , said police Lt. Kevin Rooney . Tuesday 's incident was the second shooting in less than a week in San Diego involving federal authorities . Two Border Patrol agents are under investigation after shooting at a smuggling suspect they believed was trying to run one of them over with a vehicle , Rooney said . That suspect also was wounded . Why anyone would try to run a heavily secured checkpoint in Tuesday 's incident may be beyond comprehension to some people . Rooney said he understands . "  There 's a sense of desperation that exists these days trying to get folks across the border , " he said . ICE spokeswoman Mack said she was taken aback , particularly since San Ysidro has "  a major obstacle course , " with speed bumps , concrete barricades , a gate and tire shredders . "  What was surprising , " she said , "  was the brazen attempt in a very public area in the middle of the day , to assume that they could run the port of entry in today 's world . "  That 's not too smart , " she added . "  What do they call that ? Felony stupid ? " Mack and Angelica Decima , a spokeswoman for the Customs and Border Protection office in San Diego , have noticed another phenomena : young people taping drugs to their bodies and trying to walk across the border . Many of them are high school students , Mack said . They can make $ 200 to $ 300 for each trip , said Decima . But it 's the Pacific route that has become more common -- and increasingly dangerous , officials say . Smugglers often use small fishing boats known as pangas , Mack said . Usually 19 to 28 feet in length , smugglers will load them up with illegal immigrants to the point the vessels become dangerous . "  We 've seen them pretty packed , " Mack said . "  They cram them in there just like they cram them in the vans . " There 's another danger , she said . "  We 've noticed that violent tactics have increased , particularly in the water , " Mack said . "  We 've seen an increase in the type of violent tactics these smuggling groups are using . That 's a clear sign of desperation . " Tuesday 's incident at San Ysidro left thousands of cars stopped on the road for hours when U.S. authorities closed all 24 northbound lanes into the country . The five southbound lanes into Mexico remained open . Witnesses described a chaotic scene with officers yelling at the vans as they sped away and then drawing their weapons and firing . "  I was crossing the bridge , and I started hearing all this gunfire , " Michael Casilla told CNN affiliate XETV . "  I saw a couple officers shooting at the van , and I saw a couple of lights fly out . A couple tried to run out  of a van  and they got swarmed by all the Customs agents . " Another motorist might have been too close for comfort . "  This officer was yelling at this blue van that was heading north , " the unidentified witness told CNN affiliate KGTV . "  He had his gun in his hand , obviously . He yelled at them and they did n't stop . I heard two or three gunshots and at that point in time , I went to the floor . " Border officials opened up eight lanes a couple of hours after the incident , Decima said . But it took a few more hours for all lanes to be opened . CNN 's Megan Clifford contributed to this report .	Interdictions of human cargo on the Pacific have doubled since last year Smugglers turn to water route as authorities crack down at land crossings As water route becomes more common , it 's also become more dangerous Authorities say smugglers increasingly violent ; boats are crammed
CNN  -- Some 24 million Chinese men of marrying age will find themselves lacking wives in 2020 , partly because of the country 's one-child policy , which has led to the abortion of female fetuses , state media said Monday . Sex-specific abortions have led to a large male population born since the 1980s , the China Daily newspaper said , citing a study conducted by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences . The gender imbalance means that the next decade will see many intergenerational marriages : young men married to women much older than them , the study said . China 's Communist Party implemented the one-child rule three decades ago , amid fears that the country would not be able to feed a skyrocketing population . The policy has prevented about 400 million births , China Daily said . Couples living in cities are barred from having more than one child , unless neither parent has siblings . In rural areas , the law allows for a second child under certain circumstances . And the guidelines are looser for ethnic minorities with small populations . Enforcement varies , but usually takes the form of fines to discourage extra births . The policy has curbed population growth , and has led to forced sterilization in some parts of the country , the U.S. State Department said . Because of a traditional preference for male heirs , many Chinese also have aborted female fetuses , according to human rights groups . Even within the country , calls to overhaul the law have increased in recent years , China Daily said . But China has said it will maintain its one-child policy for at least another decade . Nearly 200 million Chinese will enter child-bearing age in the next 10 years , Minister Zhang Weiqing told China Daily two years ago . He said abandoning the policy during this period would cause "  serious problems and add extra pressure on social and economic development . " "  After the new birth peak ends , we may adjust the policy if there is a need , " he said . China 's population , which stands at about 1.3 billion , is growing at the rate of 0.6 percent . It is expected to peak around 1.6 billion by 2050 , the U.S. State Department said .	China 's Communist Party implemented the one-child rule three decades ago Sex-specific abortions have led to a large male population born since the 1980s China Daily : The policy has prevented about 400 million births U.S. State Department : Population expected to peak at 1.6 billion by 2050
Former President Jimmy Carter said President Barack Obama "  waited too long " to go after ISIS and criticized what he described as the president 's changing foreign policy . "  First of all , we waited too long . We let the Islamic State build up its money , capability and strength and weapons while it was still in Syria , " Carter told the Fort Worth Star-Telegram in an interview published Tuesday . The 39th president was in Texas working on a Habitat for Humanity project . "  Then when -LSB- ISIS -RSB- moved into Iraq , the Sunni Muslims did n't object to their being there and about a third of the territory in Iraq was abandoned , " he continued . The United States has so far led a coalition of countries in airstrike campaigns against ISIS targets in Iraq and Syria . But the militant group has continued to operate , and it 's expected to soon capture the key Syrian border city of Kobani . Carter also argued it would be strategic to have troops on the ground in Syria to help guide the air campaign . Obama , however , has pledged that the United States would not send troops into the country . "  You have to have somebody on the ground to direct our missiles and to be sure you have the right target , " Carter said . "  Then you have to have somebody to move in and be willing to fight ISIS after the strikes . " How could Obama have ` underestimated ' ISIS ? More broadly , Carter criticized Obama 's foreign policy , an approach that he says is lacking in "  positive action . " "  It changes from time to time , " Carter said . "  I noticed that two of his secretaries of defense , after they got out of office , were very critical of the lack of positive action on the part of the president . " While it 's rare for former presidents to critique the sitting president , Carter has been known to offer candid assessments of Democratic and Republican presidents and their administrations .	Jimmy Carter described President Obama 's foreign policy as shifty The former president said the U.S. "  waited too long " to attack ISIS He recommends putting troops on the ground in Syria
CNN  -- Seven families who thought they had escaped the wrath of Irene are now stranded in the New York 's Catskill Mountains after bridges crumbled all around them . The 23 people -- including two pregnant women , seven toddlers and three infants -- are now stuck with no electricity , a dwindling supply of food and were down to one gallon of water late Sunday night . "  When we heard news about  bad weather  hitting Brooklyn , we thought we had saved ourselves , " said Irina Noveck , one of those trapped at a vacation house in Prattsville , New York . But after four bridges leading to the house collapsed , the families found themselves in a more dire predicament . "  We 're sitting in one room , and it 's a horrible situation and there is no way out , " Noveck said . "  We  called 911 , 311 , nobody can help . Kids are getting scared , food is getting spoiled . " She said the families brought enough food for their weeklong stay , but that week ends Monday . And well water to the house is powered by an electric pump , but now there is no electricity . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo 's office said early Monday that emergency officials are monitoring the situation and "  expect to rescue the people by sometime Monday . " Greene County Administrator Shaun Groden said Prattsville was one of the hardest-hit areas in terms of flooding after Irene tore over New York . He said the volume of water coming off the Catskill mountaintops is estimated to have exceeded the flow from Niagara Falls on both the American and Canadian sides , based on cubic feet per minute . Earlier Sunday , 25 people stranded in Moore 's Motel in Prattsville were rescued by National Guard troops and mutual aid . The effort took hours because 70 mph gusts proved too powerful for an air rescue , Groden said . A total of 87 people stranded in Prattsville were rescued Sunday , he said . Groden said Greene County is experiencing a 500-year flood , with many communities impassable . The county has missing bridges , major flooding and boats "  that look like corks in the water . " He said rain had stopped by late Sunday night . While officials hope the major runoff is over by Monday morning , high tide is expected at 6 a.m. near the Hudson River . CNN 's Maria P. White contributed to this report .	"  It 's a horrible situation , and there is no way out , " one woman says She says food and water supplies are dwindling The governor 's office says emergency officials expect to rescue the families Monday County official : 87 people stranded in Prattsville were rescued Sunday
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- Two nongovernmental organizations that worked primarily on promoting democracy abroad were shuttered by the government of the United Arab Emirates this week . The Dubai office of U.S.-based National Democratic Institute was shut down Wednesday , followed by the closure of the Abu Dhabi office of Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung , an organization based in Germany , the next day . Both pro-democracy groups saw their offices raided and shut down last year in Egypt . Egyptian authorities accused the organizations of international interference that was stoking continued protests against the current military-led government . According to the NDI , while the organization has a regional office in Dubai , it does not have any programs in the UAE . "  Our office was simply a regional hub which supported programs in places like Qatar and Kuwait , " said Les Campbell , NDI regional director for the Middle East and North Africa . Campbell said that authorities -- he 's not sure from where -- came to their office and announced that NDI 's license was canceled , effective immediately . "  While we are disappointed at this turn of events and disturbed by the arbitrary behavior in Dubai , we do not have programs in the UAE , so it has no serious ramifications for our work , " he said . The German organization , described as a think tank associated with German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union  CDU  , reacted with even more surprise . "  We can only react with utter disbelief to the unexpected and sudden developments in Abu Dhabi . We have not been given any viable reasons . "  After the experiences in Egypt , we not only regret this decision . We would see it as an alarming signal if nongovernmental organizations and political foundations are not welcome in the Arab world , " said Hans-Gert Poettering , head of the Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung Foundation . UAE officials have not yet commented on the closures . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who is in the region , said Saturday she regretted the UAE decision . "  We are ... strong believers in a vibrant civil society , and both NDI and the Konrad Adenauer Foundation office play a key role in supporting NGOs and civil society across the region , and I expect our discussions on this issue to continue . " Meanwhile , press freedom group Reporters Without Borders on Friday condemned the government of the UAE for cracking down on bloggers and other online activists . "  March has seen a wave of arrests , attacks and acts of intimidation . We urge the government to abandon these methods , " the group said . "  The authorities must stop arresting ` netizens ' and bloggers for what they post online and must guarantee their safety . " Human rights groups of late have also stepped up their criticism of the UAE . According to Samer Muscati , Middle East researcher for Human Rights Watch , at least three online activists have been detained in recent weeks . "  It seems that the government is still frighted by the events transpiring in the Middle East and are trying to do what it takes to keep the Arab Spring from reaching its shore , regardless of how small that possibility might be , " he said . Unlike many other nations in the region , the UAE was never affected by Arab Spring inspired protests . Nonetheless , the government has been quick to pursue activists who call for reform . Last year , the citizenship of seven activists -- known as UAE 7 -- was revoked by UAE . The seven pro-democracy activists with ties to Islamist groups were found to be a threat to national security . Also last year , five activists were arrested , tried and convicted for publicly insulting top UAE officials , committing acts that pose a threat to state security , undermining public order , opposing the government system and instigating others to break laws . UAE President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al-Nahayan pardoned all five one day after they were sentenced to prison terms . According to Muscati , there was hope that the pardoning of the five activists last year was a signal of change to come , but that has not been he case , he said . "  These recent arrests are just a continuation of attempts by the authorities to silence critics and other dissenting voices , " said Muscati of Human Rights Watch . Ahmed Mansoor , an engineer and blogger , was one of the five prosecuted activists . "  I strongly disagree and condemn any acts that violate the basic human rights and freedom of opinion and expression , " Mansoor told CNN . "  The latest arrests and harassment of activists are directly related to the exercising of these basic rights . " Mansoor said the government is worried about the ripple effect of the Arab Spring . "  This crackdown does not help anybody ; not the social peace and unity nor the country image in the international level . " Mohammed Jamjoom reported from Abu Dhabi ; Frederik Pleitgen reported from Berlin .	United Arab Emirates closes offices of two NGOs It does not give a reason for the closures Group criticizes government for crackdown on online activists
CNN  -- One of Mexico 's most important seaports is now under the control of the military in a show of force as the government fights corruption and drug cartel violence . The port of Lazaro Cardenas lies on the country 's Pacific coast , in the troubled state of Michoacan . While violence has tapered off in some parts of Mexico , Michoacan continues to be a hot spot of violence between cartels and , more recently , vigilante groups . The Mexican navy , army , federal police and attorney general 's office swept into both the port and city of Lazaro Cardenas on Monday , relieving local law enforcement of its duties , a government spokesman said . The objective of the operation is to "  strengthen the rule of law , as well as the legality of the daily commercial activities of the port , " government spokesman Eduardo Sanchez said . The use of the military is notable because it is strikingly similar to the approach favored by the previous administration . President Enrique Pena Nieto has been critical of his predecessor 's military approach to combat crime , but his own drug strategy keeps many aspects the same . The Knights Templar cartel has long terrorized residents of Michoacan as it expanded its activities from methamphetamine production to extortion . The cartel has been known to go on the offensive against police . In one series of attacks this summer , 22 people were killed . Given the violence in Michoacan , Pena Nieto has had little choice but to follow the strategy of former President Felipe Calderon , said George W. Grayson , a professor of government at the College of William & Mary and expert on drug cartels . A number of factors have made Lazaro Cardenas an attractive port for smuggling . For one , many of the young men who worked for the port and found themselves unemployed during the recession became prime recruits for the cartels , Grayson said . A selling point for legitimate commerce -- that the port is in a central location -- also attracted smugglers , he added . Corruption has grown to the point that Michoacan became a "  sewer of corruption and violence , " Grayson said . According to Sanchez , the navy will be in charge of the port , and the army will provide protection on the city 's streets , with the aid of federal police . The problem 's facing the port and city are not limited to criminal groups . As the military moved in , the city 's entire police was disarmed and detained , Sanchez said . The officers will all be evaluated . All of the public servants who oversee the port will be gradually replaced , he said , in order to "  prevent collusion by and between officials . " Lazaro Cardenas is one of Mexico 's key ports , handling the second-most volume of any port . Community police take on Mexican cartels CNNMexico contributed to this report .	The Mexican military has taken control of the port of Lazaro Cardenas The port , on the country 's Pacific coast , is one of the busiest in Mexico The goal of the operation is to thwart smuggling and corruption
CNN  -- "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " is already making critics cheer . The follow-up to 2011 's surprise hit "  Rise of the Planet of the Apes " wo n't open until July 11 , but early reviews and strong box office predictions are setting it up for a splashy debut . As the sequel to "  Rise , " "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " takes place 10 years following the events of that 2011 movie . In this future existence , the apes , led by Andy Serkis ' Caesar , have built a functioning society in the woods of California 's Bay Area , while humans have suffered a severe blow from a global virus . When the survivors stumble upon the apes ' community , there 's an initial attempt to keep the peace , but it is n't long before the dawn of a war . In addition to Serkis , who received plenty of praise for his work in "  Rise of the Planet of the Apes , " "  Dawn " also stars Jason Clarke , Gary Oldman and Keri Russell . Interestingly , it 's not the human cast that 's really driven critics bananas . "  Few blockbusters this summer are likely to provide an image as stirring as an angry chimp on horseback , leaping through a wall of fire with a machine gun blazing in each hand -- in 3D , " The Guardian 's review begins . "  Both the forest settings and post-apocalyptic San Francisco are rich in detail and atmosphere , the action sequences are thrilling without being flashy , and the apes themselves are uncannily expressive , particularly their eyes . ... We 've arrived at the stage where the soulful expression on the face of a virtual chimp can conjure more sympathy than a real , emoting human . " HitFix 's Drew McWeeny goes as far as to call "  Dawn " one of the best movies of 2014 , thanks to its combination of digital expertise and talented direction from Matt Reeves . While McWeeny entered his screening just wanting "  a solid and respectful follow-up , " what he got instead was "  a film that digs deep , that challenges not only the notion of what a studio blockbuster looks like but also how sequels are supposed to work in a commercial world , a movie about real ideas with a spectacular sense of character and mood . ` Dawn ' is not just a good genre movie or a good summer movie . It 's a great science-fiction film , full-stop . " And the effort to make the apes as realistic as possible "  pushed performance into a whole new realm , " McWeeny continues . "  It 's one thing to pull off one or two characters like this , but ... to bring to life dozens of characters , and to have them all register as fully as they do here , is a remarkable accomplishment . Add to that the idea that so much of this was shot outside , on real locations , and you end up with something that destroys any boundaries in terms of what can or ca n't be done at this point . " To put it another way , " ` Dawn ' is to ` Rise of the Planet of the Apes ' what ` The Empire Strikes Back ' was to ` Star Wars ' â $ " it 's that much better , " says The Hollywood Reporter . " -LSB- D -RSB- irector Matt Reeves ' synthesis of brains and brawn kicks it over the goalposts and out of the stadium ... Whatever anyone might think about the film as a whole , there is no question that Andy Serkis gives the most expressive , soulful , deeply felt performance of a non-human character the big screen has ever offered as the mature Caesar . " With praise like that , it 's no wonder box office prognosticators are imagining huge returns when "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " opens on July 11 . According to Variety , many observers believe "  Dawn " will easily grab a $ 54.8 million opening , with BoxOffice.com placing its bets that "  Dawn 's " first weekend will land close to $ 70 million .	"  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " has strong early reviews The movie is the sequel to 2011 's surprise hit "  Rise of the Planet of the Apes " Critics praise the performances , direction and digital work The movie opens July 11
CNN  -- The 30-mile stretch between Biloxi and Bay St. Louis , Mississippi , is still dotted with battle wounds from Hurricane Katrina seven years later . Concrete slabs and steps that lead to nothing but trash and overgrown weeds are all that is left of historic brick homes . But amid the slabs are majestic homes with grand , sweeping porches and perfectly manicured lawns . The owners of these homes are as tough and resilient as only survivors of one of the deadliest storms in history could be . State-by-state : Isaac evacuations , delays Lifelong Bay St. Louis resident Corky Hadden lives on the spot of his childhood home , set off the water where the bay feeds into the Gulf of Mexico . While he and his family evacuated to safety inland , Katrina 's ravaging storm surge swept the house right off its stilts , leaving only the foundation intact . "  We had some old columns that the old house stood on , and those columns were picked clean , there was nothing left on them , " he said . Determined , Hadden rebuilt where his boyhood home once stood , both stronger and higher . "  I 've got poured concrete pillars filled with steel , 10 times more steel than before , " he said . "  We 're now 24 feet above sea level , 11 feet from the ground . " Isaac could bring in a 12-foot storm surge , which would mean Hadden 's first floor could take on some water . "  We do n't have anything important below that 24-foot elevation , " he said . Live blog : Isaac moves in Air conditioning units and electric boxes are strategically placed on the house 's second floor , safely away from most critical dangers . Outside , the air is full of Isaac 's portents . The normally calming sounds of the surf are dimmed by hurricane flags clanging loudly against an old converted ship mast in Hadden 's front yard . The blazing red flags with the signature black squares in the center stand out in stark contrast to the temporarily blue sky . Hadden and his neighbors are wary but calm . "  I think everybody has come back in a much stronger fashion , " he said . "  We 're watching , but we 're prepared . " Riding eastward toward Gulfport along white sand beaches with sparkling blue waters , beautiful antebellum-style homes grace the coastline . The stately green manse where Ben and Nancy Stone live right off the beach is a new construction , a near replica of the 1800s-era house that was obliterated by Katrina . iReport : Share your images , videos of Isaac A portion of the second floor ended up in their neighbor 's yard . In the debris , the Stones found a closet that contained the original floorplans . Armed with the diagram and hard lessons learned post-Katrina , the family rebuilt . "  We prepared for everything we think would happen in a redo of Katrina , " Ben Stone said . The house is made of walls a foot wide , windows that can withstand 200 mph winds , and sports steel beams that tunnel into the ground . "  This is a special place for us . We like to get up in the morning , and first thing I do is look out to the Gulf . It gets angry from time to time , but it 's the most beautiful sight I see , " Stone said . "  I was not going to live the rest of my life without coming back here . " The vacant lot next door is where Sissy Leatherman 's mother used to live . 6 mobile apps to track Isaac "  After Katrina , she was like ` Huh-uh , I 'm getting out of here , ' " Leatherman said . Her mother , like herself , moved inland away from the Gulf 's reach . Leatherman and her husband spent some time on Gulfport 's beach Monday so their twin girls could enjoy some outdoor fun . "  I told them it 's literally the calm before the storm , " she said . Like many other Gulf Coast Mississippians , Leatherman is ready for Isaac , and other storms that may loom . "  We are n't too worried . I do n't think it 'll be that bad , " she said . "  But we know a Katrina will happen again . We know it will . "	Biloxi and Bay St. Louis stretch still shows signs of Hurricane Katrina Those who stayed have rebuilt with storms in mind Now they 're preparing for Isaac and other inevitable storms
CNN  What a difference a couple of years makes . A federal judge has struck down Nebraska 's ban on same-sex marriage , calling it an "  unabashedly gender-specific infringement of the equal rights of its citizens . " U.S. District Judge Joseph Bataillon 's decision Monday means that same-sex marriage is now against the law in fewer than one in four states . Nebraska state officials immediately appealed the ruling to the 8th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals . Bataillon denied a state request to stay his decision . And so , beginning Monday the state must "  treat same-sex couples the same as different sex couples " when it comes to marriage rights , the federal injunction reads . As the dominoes fall in favor of same-sex marriages , the question now seems to be which state will be the last ? The number of states offering same-sex marriages has surged since the U.S. Supreme Court 's ruling in 2013 that invalidated part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act . States like Illinois , Hawaii , Minnesota and New York joined the fold voluntarily , while others -- most recently Nebraska and Alabama -- were ordered by state or federal judges to offer and recognize the unions . The case involving Ohio , Michigan , Kentucky and Tennessee is expected to be decided sometime in June by the U.S. Supreme Court . Here 's the situation in the 12 states that currently ban same-sex marriages : The state 's constitutional ban on gay marriage , passed in 2004 , was struck down twice last year -- once by a state court judge and again by a U.S. District Court judge . Local officials issued some 400 marriage licenses following the state court decision , but the state Supreme Court blocked the issuance of more licenses pending its review of the case . A decision could come soon . Georgia is one of just two states with no legislative action or pending legal decisions whatsoever on same-sex marriage . The other is North Dakota . However , lawsuits are pending to overturn the state 's 2004 ban . The state 's ban is being challenged in state court , where a judge last year ruled the law is unconstitutional , and in federal court , where a U.S. District Court judge took the rare step , for a federal judge , of backing such a ban . The ban remains in place pending Louisiana 's appeal of the state court ruling . On the federal level , a ruling is pending out of the U.S Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit , which heard arguments in the case in January . Last year , a U.S. District Court judge ruled that the state 's constitutional amendment banning gay marriages had no "  legitimate purpose . " The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit later overturned the ruling , reinstating gay marriage bans in Kentucky and four other states . The Kentucky ban is part of the U.S. Supreme Court case scheduled for arguments in April and a decision by June . A U.S. District Court judge ruled last year that the state 's same-sex marriage ban was unconstitutional , resulting in the issuance of more than 300 marriage licenses . That ended when the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit granted a stay . The court later reinstated Michigan 's ban in the same ruling that reinstated Kentucky 's ban . Its fate will be decided by the Supreme Court decision due by June . A state court judge ruled in November that Missouri 's 2004 constitutional ban on gay marriage was illegal . Attorney General Chris Koster appealed the ruling to the state Supreme Court . But that court has indicated that it will not rule on the case until after the U.S. Supreme Court decision . Just a few days after that state court ruling , a U.S. District Court judge struck down the state 's marriage ban , but that decision has been stayed pending appeals . While the state ban is in effect , officials in the St. Louis area have issued marriage licenses to same-sex couples . A U.S. District Court judge granted an injunction last year against the state 's same-sex marriage ban , describing it as unconstitutional . The judge , however , postponed his ruling from going into effect to give the state time to appeal . A federal appeals court heard arguments in the case in January . In the meantime , the same-sex marriage ban is still in effect . Same-sex couples are challenging the state 's ban in U.S. District Court , but a federal judge issued a ruling on January 20 delaying the proceedings until after the U.S. Supreme Court rules . U.S. District Court Judge Karen Schreier struck down the state 's same-sex marriage ban in January , but blocked enforcement pending an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit . The state 's ban was struck down in January 2014 by a federal judge who said it serves "  no legitimate governmental purpose . " But , as in many other states , enforcement was delayed pending appeals . The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit heard the case last month and a ruling is pending . A federal appeals court judge upheld a ban last year on same-sex marriages in the state . That decision is part of the U.S. Supreme Court case expected to be finalized this summer . In November 2014 , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit upheld the state 's ban . That decision also will be part of the U.S. Supreme Court case .	12 states do not allow same-sex marriages The U.S. Supreme Court could settle the issue for good when it rules this year
CNN  -- Before she was a princess , she was a child - shy but affectionate , respectful but mischievous . Diana Spencer , shown on her first birthday , grew up at Park House , a country estate leased from the royal family . Ten years after the death of Princess Diana , two women who helped raise the future princess are providing a new , intimate portrait of the girl who would become the "  People 's Princess . " Diana Frances Spencer was born into a life of privilege . She grew up at Park House , a country home leased from the royal family 's Sandringham estate in Norfolk , England . Her parents , Johnnie and Frances Spencer , were well-known members of the English aristocracy . Inge Crane came to Park House as an au pair when Diana was just 3 years old . "  There 's always been something special about Park House . It 's difficult to put a finger on what it is , " she said in her first interview , given exclusively to CNN . Life at the house was n't entirely normal -- the queen 's estate was about a mile away , and the young Princes Andrew and Edward  Diana 's future in-laws  frequently visited to swim in the pool . When the butler would ring the gong for dinner , the children would rush to the stairs , slide down the wooden banister and run into the dining room . Despite growing up in the shadows of royalty , Crane and Mary Clarke , Diana 's nanny starting at age 9 , describe an "  ordinary " childhood for Diana , a tomboy who loved going outdoors , climbing trees and playing with animals . "  She was quite a lovable child , " Crane said . "  She was very , very cuddly . " Watch Crane share her memories of the young Diana " Inside Park House , however , the marriage of Diana 's parents was falling apart . The divorce was finalized in 1969 . Clarke said the failed marriage had a resounding effect on Diana . "  When Diana walked towards me at school , she had these downcast eyes , " Clarke said of their first meeting , when Diana was just 9 . Diana 's broken home made her feel different from her classmates , Clarke said . Divorce was uncommon at that time in England . Even more unusual -- Diana 's father got custody of their four children . Nearly 40 years later , Clarke still remembers their first conversation . "  She said , ' I will never marry unless I 'm really in love because if you 're not in love , you 're going to get divorced -- and I never intend to be divorced , ' " Clarke said . "  This was quite a profound statement for a little girl to come out with . " "  Diana 's dreams all through her childhood really were just to be happily married and to have a large family , " Clarke said . Her dream , specifically , was to marry Prince Charles , 12 years her elder . While other 13-year-olds loved pop stars , Diana 's boarding school room was decorated with pictures of Charles . See family photos as CNN 's Soledad O'Brien recounts friends ' stories of Diana " The young child 's dreams seemingly came true when she married him just seven years later , but , like her parents ' relationship , her marriage unraveled . From that first candid conversation about her aspirations , Clarke and the future princess of Wales connected . "  We always clicked from the word go , " Clarke said . "  We worked together as a team . " Clarke had heard rumors about a mischievous Diana -- how a flurry of nannies had come and gone , including the one she locked in a bathroom . But , Clarke said , the Diana she knew never gave her "  any headaches whatsoever . " Clarke , who was 21 and had no previous experience , was given "  sole charge " of Diana and her younger brother Charles . Diana often helped around the house and was especially nurturing toward Charles . Charles would describe his sister as the "  very essence of compassion " at her funeral . Diana 's motherly instincts were evident as she matured . As a teenager , she would become a nanny , then an assistant kindergarten teacher , and then a mother of two sons , William and Harry . Clarke remembers observing Diana 's impartial love at a young age . She played with children from royalty as well as children from the village . "  They were all treated completely as equals , which is why I feel that in Diana 's adult life , she ... found it so easy to interact and to mix with everyone , because to her , each person was an individual , " Clarke said . Diana would become famous for that openness . She was photographed holding hands with a patient who was HIV positive in 1987 -- when many still believed the virus could be spread by touch . Diana devoted herself to her volunteer work , visiting the sick and campaigning for an international ban on landmines . Even as a teenager visiting patients at a mental hospital , she bonded with people -- ordinary people , disabled people -- in a way no other student could . In his funeral oration , Charles said his sister told him "  it was her innermost feelings of suffering that made it possible for her to connect with her constituency of the rejected . " She remained , he said , a "  very insecure person at heart . " As the Princess of Wales , Diana captivated the world with the same qualities that stood out to her nannies -- her affection , her vulnerability and her private misery . These qualities changed the face of the monarchy , and they keep the shy girl from a broken home just as much in the public eye , a decade after her death . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Soledad O'Brien contributed to this report	Princess Diana was born into life of privilege but grew up in broken home At 9 , Diana told her nanny , "  I never intend to be divorced " Diana had a crush on Prince Charles when she was 13 The future princess 's openness , vulnerability evident from an early age
Jahi McMath is no longer inside the hospital where doctors declared her brain-dead after tonsil surgery last month . But family members wo n't reveal where they took the 13-year-old after Children 's Hospital & Research Center Oakland released her Sunday night . "  We 're very relieved that she got safely to where she needed to be , because we were all very afraid , given the fragile condition as she wasted away at Children 's , that she might not make it , " attorney Chris Dolan told reporters Monday . The move ends one chapter of a weeks-long struggle between the hospital , which sought to remove Jahi from a ventilator after doctors and a judge concluded she was brain-dead , and her relatives , who fought in court to keep her on the ventilator and contended she showed signs of life . Why brain dead means really dead "  As a family , we are definitely relieved that she 's no longer at Children 's Hospital , but we 're all emotionally drained , " Omari Sealey , the girl 's uncle , told CNN 's Piers Morgan Live on Monday night . "  This has been an incredible roller-coaster ride of emotions . " He said so long as his niece 's heart is beating , Jahi is alive . "  She 's moving a lot more . She responds to audio and touch , and more compelling evidence is the fact that she can move her head and neck , " Sealey said . The hospital released Jahi on Sunday to the Alameda County coroner , who then released her to her mother 's custody , said Dr. David Durand , the hospital 's chief of pediatrics . The hospital had previously said it needed the coroner 's consent for the transfer because Jahi was legally dead . Jahi -- who was declared brain-dead December 12 after post-surgery complications that her family says included severe bleeding and cardiac arrest -- was moved from the hospital Sunday accompanied by a critical-care team . She was attached to a ventilator , but with no feeding tube in place . On Monday , Dolan said Jahi was being given antibiotics to fight infections and nutritional support . "  They 're giving her everything that a person who would have a chance to live would be getting , " he said . He declined to provide details about the type of facility , citing privacy and security concerns . "  She 's where she 's going to be for a while , " he said . "  She needs to be medically stabilized , medically treated . " On Sunday , the president of a rehabilitation center in New York told CNN that the facility would gladly accept Jahi . But Dolan said the family has no plans to give more details about her location . "  We 've had people make threats from around the country . It 's sad that people act that way , " Dolan said . "  So for Jahi 's safety and those around her , we will not be saying where she went or where she is . " At least five different facilities that originally offered to care for Jahi fell through , he said . But ultimately , the family chose from a number of offers . "  There were other facilities that still had their hand extended , " he said . "  But we took the first one that we knew would pull us in . " Let parents decide if teen is dead The surgery Jahi 's case drew national attention and fueled debate as a fierce court battle unfolded between devastated family members fighting to keep her on a ventilator and doctors arguing she 'd already died . Family members say the eighth-grader was alert and talking after doctors removed her tonsils , adenoids and extra sinus tissue in a surgery at the Oakland hospital on December 9 . Doctors had recommended the surgery to treat pediatric obstructive sleep apnea , a condition which made her stop breathing in her sleep and caused other medical problems . Before the surgery , Jahi said she was worried that she would never wake up , according to her uncle . She seemed fine after the surgery , but asked for a Popsicle because her throat hurt . Not long afterward , something went terribly wrong . In an intensive care unit , the girl began bleeding profusely , the family said . According to family members , Jahi went into cardiac arrest . Days later , she was declared brain-dead . Hospital officials have said privacy laws prevent them from discussing details of the case . The court battle and the medical debate The family and the hospital disagreed over whether to disconnect her from a ventilator , and the issue wound up in Alameda Superior Court . In court documents and public comments , the hospital maintained that there 's no doubt that McMath is brain-dead , describing the condition as irreversible . "  No amount of prayer , no amount of hope , no amount of any type of medical procedure will bring her back , " Children 's Hospital Oakland spokesman Sam Singer said last month . "  The medical situation here in this case is that Jahi McMath died several weeks ago . " A judge on December 23 appointed Dr. Paul Fisher , chief of pediatric neurology at Stanford Children 's Hospital , to evaluate Jahi . Fisher concluded the next day that she met the criteria for brain death . According to a court filing , Fisher found that the girl 's pupils were fully dilated and unresponsive to light and that she did not respond to a variety of intense stimuli . His report also says Jahi showed no sign of breathing on her own when a ventilator was removed : "  Patient failed apnea test . " The report says her heart was beating only because of the mechanical ventilator . In addition , an imaging test showed no blood flow to Jahi 's brain , while another showed no sign of electrical activity . Fisher 's conclusion : "  Overall , unfortunate circumstances in 13-year-old with known , irreversible brain injury and now complete absence of cerebral function and complete absence of brainstem function , child meets all criteria for brain death , by professional societies and state of California . " After seeing Fisher 's report , Alameda Superior Court Judge Evelio Grillo concluded on December 24 that Jahi was brain dead . But Grillo twice ruled that the hospital had to hold off on disconnecting Jahi from life support , ultimately giving the family and the facility until January 7 to come to a resolution . The Alameda County coroner issued a death certificate for Jahi on Friday , listing December 12 as the date of death . The certificate still needed to be accepted by the health department to become official . Medical ethicists , meanwhile , say the high-profile case fuels a misperception : that "  brain death " is somehow not as final as cardiac death , even though , by definition , it is . The case is "  giving the impression that dead people can come back to life , " Arthur Caplan , director of the Division of Medical Ethics at NYU Langone Medical Center , told CNN last month . Family members say they 've seen reason for hope Jahi 's family members maintain that they 're hoping for a miracle . Her mother told CNN last month that she 'd seen improvements , including indications from a hospital monitor that she said suggest her daughter was trying to breathe on her own . The girl 's uncle , Sealey , told reporters last week that a pediatrician has seen Jahi and has sworn she is not dead . Hawaii girl , 3 , dies after dental procedure When asked about the girl 's possible movement , Singer , the hospital spokesman , said he would not comment directly on any claims the family makes , citing privacy laws . However , Singer said it is "  quite common " for the muscles of brain dead patients to move , stressing it 's "  not a sign of life . " So far the family has raised more than $ 50,000 on GoFundMe.com to move her . According to the site , more than 1,300 people have donated money in 10 days . "  We 're very grateful , very proud , " said Sealey . "  We want to thank everyone that supported us , everyone that stood in our corner , everyone that prayed for us , everyone that helped donate to make this possible . Without you guys , none of this would be possible . " He did n't rule out the possibility that the family could eventually file a lawsuit against the hospital . But he dismissed concerns that details about what happened during and after Jahi 's surgery could be lost if she remains on a ventilator . "  That 's pretty much saying that she 's evidence and she 's a body , and we do n't look at it that way , " Sealey said . "  We 're not worried about accountability . We 're worried about survival . " In releasing Jahi , the hospital said : "  Our hearts go out to the family as they grieve for this sad situation and we wish them closure and peace . " When routine surgeries go wrong	Jahi McMath is on a ventilator and has been declared brain-dead by doctors Her family has moved her to a new facility , but wo n't say where Attorney : "  We 're very relieved that she got safely to where she needed to be " McMath is now receiving antibiotics and nutritional support , he says
Moscow  CNN  -- At least four bodies have been found and 49 people are missing after an offshore drilling rig capsized in the Russian far east Sea of Okhotsk , the Russian Emergency Situations Ministry said Sunday . At least 14 people were rescued from the rig , which was being towed from Kamchatka , regional Emergency Services spokesman Aleksandr Ivelsky said . But he insisted that it was too early to declare that the four people spotted in the water without signs of life were dead , since rescuers had not yet recovered the bodies . There were 67 people aboard the Kolskaya platform , which was subcontracted to a company working for the Russian energy giant Gazprom , state news agency RIA-Novosti reported . Two ships were on the scene , the icebreaker Magadan and the tugboat Naftogaz-55 , and will work on rescue operations through the night , Ivelsky said . Helicopters were involved in the early phase of the rescue , which was made more difficult by the storm that sank the rig , Ivelsky said . They have stopped flying for the night but will resume work in the morning , he said . The rig was floating about 124 miles  200 km  from Sakhalin Island , authorities said -- north of Japan and northeast of China . It was drilling a well about 11,480 feet  3,500 meters  deep , RIA-Novosti said . Taimuraz Kasayev , a spokesman for the regional emergencies service , told RIA-Novosti the accident poses no environmental danger because the rig 's fuel stocks were hermetically sealed and would not spill . The television channel Russia Today reported that the rig was being towed into position when pumps failed , causing it to take on water and sink . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko and Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	NEW : A government official says it 's too early to declare people dead A regional official says the accident poses no environmental danger The rig went down in a storm in the sea northeast of China Rescue helicopters are on the scene in the Sea of Okhotsk
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Investigators are looking into whether employees at the Los Angeles County coroner 's office illegally leaked information about Michael Jackson 's death probe to the news media , according to a sheriff 's spokesman . Police stand outside the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office when Michael Jackson 's body was there in June . Vivid descriptions of Jackson 's corpse , which was in the coroner 's custody for an autopsy , were published by tabloid newspapers in the days after his death . The Los Angeles County Supervisors office on Friday asked the sheriff to conduct a "  preliminary inquiry , " which will determine whether there is enough evidence to launch a full investigation , said Steve Whitmore , a sheriff 's spokesman . Whitmore did not provide details on what prompted the request . The Los Angeles Times quoted Los Angeles County Supervisor Mark Ridley-Thomas as saying his office called the sheriff 's department after reports that coroner 's employees not involved in the Jackson death probe had viewed his death certificate in the office database . Ridley-Thomas has not responded to CNN requests for comment . The coroner 's office is investigating the cause of Jackson 's June 25 death . It has been waiting on toxicology lab results , but a final autopsy report is expected as soon as next week , a coroner 's spokesman has said . Los Angeles police are also investigating the death . Detectives traveled to Houston , Texas , this week to search the medical office of Dr. Conrad Murray , Jackson 's personal doctor . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report	Vivid descriptions of Jackson 's corpse are published by tabloid newspapers L.A. officials ask sheriff to conduct preliminary inquiry A sheriff 's spokesman did not say what prompted the request The coroner 's office is investigating the cause of Jackson 's June 25 death
The death of Don Cornelius , the founder of the "  Soul Train " television show , has been ruled a suicide , officials said Tuesday . Cornelius , 75 , died last week of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head , according to a statement from the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office . His autopsy was conducted Friday . Toxicology testing has been ordered and the final report will be issued once results are analyzed , the office said . Cornelius was found February 1 at a house on Mulholland Drive , said Los Angeles police Officer Tenesha Dodine . In an interview last week with CNN , singer Gladys Knight said Cornelius appeared in ill health when she saw him recently . "  Last time I saw him , he was pretty sick , " Knight said . "  He had lost a lot of weight , but he still had that thing about him . " Cornelius created a pilot for "  Soul Train " using $ 400 of his own money , according to the website biography.com . The show was named after a promotional event he put together in 1969 . "  Soul Train " is the longest running , first-run , nationally syndicated program in television history , according to the website of Soul Train Holdings . "  During its 37-year run , the show featured such staples as the Soul Train line and performers as important and diverse as Al Green , Ike & Tina Turner , Marvin Gaye , The Jackson 5 , Stevie Wonder , Elton John , Whitney Houston , David Bowie , Justin Timberlake , Janet Jackson and Beyonce , " according to the website . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	LA coroner : Don Cornelius died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head Cornelius used his own money to launch "  Soul Train " in 1970 The program had a 37-year run
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Authorities confiscated an antique gun and some bullets from the home of Charlie Sheen after a search , the actor 's divorce attorney said Friday . Mark Gross told reporters he did not believe that by having the items his client was in violation of a temporary restraining order taken out against Sheen this month . Gross said no drugs were found and police were courteous during the Thursday night search -- a sentiment authorities echoed about the actor . "  Mr. Sheen was very cooperative and we are done , " said Los Angeles police spokeswoman Norma Eisenman . The actor took to Twitter immediately afterward , informing his 2.5 million followers , "  the LAPD were AWESOME . Absolute pros ! they can protect and serve this Warlock anytime !!! c. " The restraining order was filed March 1 after Sheen 's estranged wife , Brooke Mueller , requested it , alleging that he had threatened to kill her . "  I will cut your head off , put it in a box and send it to your mom , " Mueller claims that Sheen told her late last month . The revelations were in a court document that resulted in a court order that removed Sheen 's twin boys from his home . The restraining order states Sheen can not possess , have , buy or try to buy , receive or try to receive , or in any other way get guns , other firearms or ammunition . It came to the attention of the Los Angeles police department that Sheen is the registered owner of firearms , Eisenman said , and the search was conducted to see if any firearms or ammunition were in his possession . A source close to Sheen told CNN the actor knew authorities were coming to search his home for firearms . Sheen told the source that he had no weapons there . His attorney , Gross told reporters that both he and Sheen were aware beforehand that that the search was going to occur , though Gross did not offer specifics as to when he or Sheen were notified . The attorney said he did not believe Mueller was behind the tip that led to the search . Warner Bros fired Sheen from the hit sitcom "  Two and a Half Men " on Monday after he conducted a long-running rant against the show 's producers . Warner Bros is owned by Time Warner , as is CNN . CNN 's Denise Quan , Douglas Hyde and Scott Thompson contributed to this report	NEW : Police find , confiscate an antique gun and bullets from Sheen 's home "  The LAPD were AWESOME , " Sheen says on his Twitter account A temporary retraining order was filed against Sheen this month His estranged wife says he threatened to kill her last month
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The State Department called the expulsion of the second U.S. diplomat from Ecuador in just over a week "  unjustified , " rejecting charges the diplomats meddled in Ecuador 's internal affairs . First Secretary Mark Sullivan has been given 48 hours to leave the U.S. embassy in Quito , Ecuador . On Wednesday , the Ecuadorian government expelled First Secretary Mark Sullivan , whom it accused of meddling in the government 's internal police policies , giving him 48 hours to leave the country . On February 7 , the government expelled Armando Astorga , an attaché with the Department of Homeland Security working in the U.S. Embassy . Acting Deputy Spokesman Gordon Duguid said the expulsions stem from the fact that certain Ecuadorian police were banned from taking part in U.S. counternarcotics training programs , but rejected "  any suggestion of wrongdoing by embassy staff . " "  Despite the government of Ecuador 's unjustified actions , we remain committed to working collaboratively with Ecuador to confront narcotics trafficking , " Duguid said . Asked whether the State Department would reciprocate the expulsions by kicking out Ecuadorian diplomats from the United States , Duguid would say only , "  We will respond as appropriate . " A senior State Department official suggested the police in Ecuador police did not meet the criteria to take part in the training , noting , "  The United States does have procedures that require it to vet candidates for U.S.-funded training . " The official added , "  In some countries this is seen as onerous . However , it is part of the legal accountability measures we must follow . "	Government gives First Secretary Mark Sullivan 48 hours to leave the country Sullivan is accused of meddling in internal police policies The State Department calls the action ` unjustified ' He 's the second U.S. diplomat Ecuador has expelled in just over a week
T-shirts , hoodies and even toy figurines bearing the ISIS logo are being sold on online and marketed across social media . For around $ 10 you can buy an ISIS shirt with the militant group 's logo and phrases printed on it like "  We are all ISIS " and "  Fight for Freedom , Until the Last Drop of Blood . " A toy soldier available on Rezji.com , an Indonesian site which by Tuesday could not be accessed , holds a gun in its hands and an ISIS flag with the Islamic tenet : "  There is no god but God , Muhammad is the messenger of God . " The websites are marketing the ISIS paraphernalia across social media . Facebook has been removing the pages once the media alerts them to their existence . "  Where hateful content is posted and reported , Facebook removes it and disables accounts of those responsible , " a Facebook spokesperson told CNN via email . CNN alerted Twitter to some of the merchants ' pages on that social network , but Twitter declined to comment . Using merchandise to market itself as "  cool " is a one of the common propaganda tools ISIS uses , according to researcher Hassan Hassan of the Delma Institute in Dubai . "  The point is to encourage people to get out there and join the trend , " Hassan said . Many of the websites with the merchandise come from Indonesia . While Middle East experts are unsure whether ISIS is manufacturing the products , terrorism researcher J.M. Berger says he would n't be surprised if the money ends up going to ISIS . "  ISIS has a big base of support in Southeast Asia -- a long history with Islamism and jihadism . A number of foreign fighters come from the region , " Berger wrote in an email to CNN . "  Much radical activity is local : vigilante gangs and mainstream politics . For those who find those options lacking , ISIS seems to be the leading choice of outlet . " While some of the Indonesian manufacturers of the ISIS merchandise may be opportunistic capitalists , others may be sympathetic to ISIS . On the Twitter feed of the Rezji manufacturers , they describe themselves in the Indonesian language as "  distributors of anti-Western culture " and state "  together we stand with you against the tyrants . " In early 2014 , the Institute for the Policy and Analysis of Conflict  IPAC  published a report that said the Syrian conflict was attracting foreign fighters from Indonesia . "  Indonesian extremists are more engaged by the conflict in Syria than by any other foreign war in recent memory , including Afghanistan and Iraq , " the report said . "  As far as we know the number of Indonesian combatants is still in the dozens . "	Clothes supporting ISIS slogans are available on a host of websites and social media Facebook is disabling accounts that sell the merchandise when it sees them Many of the retail sites are in Indonesia , where some may be sympathetic to ISIS , analysts say
WIRED  -- The wind blowing through the streets of Manhattan could n't power the city , but wind machines placed thousands of feet above the city theoretically could . A prototype of a high-altitude wind turbine made by Magenn Power . The first rigorous , worldwide study of high-altitude wind power estimates that there is enough wind energy at altitudes of about 1,600 to 40,000 feet to meet global electricity demand a hundred times over . The very best ground-based wind sites have a wind-power density of less than 1 kilowatt per square meter of area swept . Up near the jet stream above New York , the wind power density can reach 16 kilowatts per square meter . The air up there is a vast potential reservoir of energy , if its intermittency can be overcome . Even better , the best high-altitude wind-power resources match up with highly populated areas including North America 's Eastern Seaboard and China 's coastline . "  The resource is really , really phenomenal , " said Christine Archer of Cal State University-Chico , who co-authored a paper on the work published in the open-access journal Energies . "  There is a lot of energy up there , but it 's not as steady as we thought . It 's not going to be the silver bullet that will solve all of our energy problems , but it will have a role . " For centuries , we 've been using high-density fossil fuels , but peaking oil supplies and climate concerns have given new life to green technologies . Unfortunately , renewable energy is generally diffuse , meaning you need to cover a lot of area to get the energy you want . So engineers look for renewable resources that are as dense as possible . On that score , high-altitude wind looks very promising . Wind 's power -- energy which can be used to do work like spinning magnets to generate electricity -- varies with the cube of its speed . So , a small increase in wind speed can lead to a big increase in the amount of mechanical energy you can harvest . High-altitude wind blows fast , is spread nicely across the globe , and is easier to predict than terrestrial wind . These properties have led inventors and scientists to cast their hopes upward , where strong winds have long been known to blow , as Etzler 's dreamy quote shows . During the energy shocks of the 1970s , when new energy ideas of all kinds were bursting forth , engineers and schemers patented several designs for harnessing wind thousands of feet in the air . The two main design frameworks they came up with are still with us today . The first is essentially a power plant in the sky , generating electricity aloft and sending it down to Earth via a conductive tether . The second is more like a kite , transmitting mechanical energy to the ground , where generators turn it into electricity . Theoretically , both approaches could work , but nothing approaching a rigorous evaluation of the technologies has been conducted . The Department of Energy had a very small high-altitude wind program , which produced some of the first good data about the qualities of the wind up there , but it got axed as energy prices dropped in the 1980s and Reagan-era DOE officials directed funds elsewhere . The program has n't been restarted , despite growing attention to renewables , but that 's not because it 's considered a bad idea . Rather , it is seen as just a little too far out on the horizon . "  We 're very much aimed these days at things that we can fairly quickly commercialize , like in the next 10 years or so , " said National Renewable Energy Laboratory spokesperson George Douglas . Startups like KiteGen , Sky Windpower , Magenn , and Makani  Google 's secretive fundee  have come into the space over the last several years , and they seem to be working on much shorter timelines . "  We are not that far from working prototypes , " Archer said , though she noted that the companies are all incredibly secretive about the data from their testing . Magenn CFO Barry Monette said he expects "  first revenue " next year when they sell "  two to four " working prototypes of their blimpy machine , which will operate at much lower altitudes . "  We do think that we 're going to be first -LSB- to market -RSB- , unless something happens , " Monette said . In the long term , trying to power entire cities with machines like this would be difficult , largely because even in the best locations , the wind will fail at least 5 percent of the time . "  This means that you either need backup power , massive amounts of energy storage , or a continental - or even global-scale electricity grid to assure power availability , " said co-author Ken Caldeira , an ecologist at Stanford University . "  So , while high-altitude wind may ultimately prove to be a major energy source , it requires substantial infrastructure . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	Study : Wind machines placed thousands of feet above New York could power the city Enough wind energy exists at high altitudes to meet global demand 100 times over A kite-like device could transmit energy to generators that turn it into electricity Startups are developing turbines , although they are still in the prototype stage
CNN  -- Long Run edged outsider Captain Chris to reclaim the prestigious King George VI Chase crown at Kempton Park on Boxing Day . The seven-year-old gelding , ridden by Sam Waley-Cohen , made a bad mistake five from home and trailed going over the final fence of the three-mile steeplechase before conjuring up a driving finish . Long Run got up with two strides remaining to pip 16-1 shot Captain Chris , who had been given every chance by jockey Richard Johnson . 7-1 French shot Grand Crus finished a distant third on the grueling heavy ground . The Nicky Henderson-trained winner was beaten by the now retired Kauto Star in last year 's edition of the festive classic . Kauto Star was paraded before the large crowds at the racecourse in south-west London ahead of the feature race of the day . His half-brother , Kauto Stone , looked to keep the King George title in the family , but finished out of the placings , clearly struggling in the slow going under jockey Ruby Walsh . Long Run , who achieved the King George VI and Cheltenham Gold Cup double in the 2010-11 season will be looking to achieve the feat again after his courageous victory . He is 7-1 with leading bookmakers to win at Cheltenham next March . "  He was so brave , we wanted to take the sting out of everything else and I asked so much , but he was so brave , " jockey Waley-Cohen told Channel 4 . "  That was racing at its best to my mind , that 's why we do it . I ca n't put it into words - it 's an honor and a pleasure . " Long Run joined greats such as Kauto Star and gray hero Desert Orchid in regaining the King George title after relinquishing it the year before .	Long Run regains King George VI steeplechase crown Joins Kauto Star and Desert Orchid in achieving the rare feat Seven-year old ridden by amateur jockey Sam Waley-Cohen Captain Chris finishes second after being pipped in run-in at Kempton
Washington  CNN  -- Business and labor negotiators working to hammer out a deal on an immigrant guest worker program have reached broad agreement , a source familiar with the talks said Saturday , eliminating one major hurdle to legislation revamping the nation 's immigration system . Business leaders and labor groups had been working to develop a plan on guest workers , tackling major sticking points on how much workers would be paid and the number of workers that would be allowed into the country each year . Labor unions influencing the talks , including the AFL-CIO , argued for higher pay and fewer workers per year , since they are concerned about the effect guest workers would have on American workers . Groups such as the Chamber of Commerce have pushed for guest workers to be paid the same as American workers , depending on their training and experience . The source said the agreement would allow for the creation of a new "  W " visa for lesser-skilled workers not working in agriculture . Those workers would be allowed to enter based on labor market shortages , and would be permitted to come into the United States with the intention of applying for permanent residency . According to the source , the "  W " visa would affect housekeepers , landscapers , retail workers and some construction workers . The agreement does not address visas for high-skilled workers ; visas to bring in family members ; or visas for agriculture workers . According to the AFL-CIO 's understanding of the agreement , the "  W " visa program would begin April 1 , 2015 . The number of visas issued would never go below 20,000 per year and would be capped at 200,000 annually during times of high employment . One third of the visas would be reserved for businesses that employ fewer than 25 people , while no more than 15,000 visas per year would go to construction workers , the AFL-CIO said . The labor union indicated that in its understanding , the new program would not adversely affect the wages of American citizens , and that companies taking advantage of the "  W " visas would be required to also recruit U.S. workers . Guest workers would be paid a wage similar to American workers with the same level of experience , according to the AFL-CIO 's understanding . A new government department , the Bureau of Immigration and Labor Market Research , would determine specific industries with labor shortages and make recommendations to Congress . The agency would also play a role in setting an annual cap for "  W " visas . The AFL-CIO said the bureau would fall under the existing U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services , and its director would be appointed by the president and confirmed by Congress . Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , one of eight senators who signed onto an immigration reform framework earlier this year , spoke with Thomas Donohue , president and CEO of the Chamber of Commerce , about the new agreement , according to another source familiar with their conversation . The Chamber of Commerce wrote in a statement Saturday that "  the senators will make the decisions about any final agreements and what makes the best public policy overall . " Earlier this week , a source familiar with the congressional negotiations told CNN that the eight senators have tentatively reached agreement on some of the other thorny issues surrounding comprehensive immigration reform , such as a path to citizenship and metrics for securing the border . Sources spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not allowed to speak on the record . President Barack Obama has made immigration reform a top priority of his second term in office , and a White House official said Saturday the president "  continues to be encouraged by progress being made by the bipartisan group of senators . " "  We look forward to seeing language once it is introduced , and expect legislation to move forward as soon as possible , " the official said . CNN 's Leslie Bentz contributed to this report .	Broad agreement reached on guest worker program , source says Sticking points include pay , numbers allowed in U.S. Other immigration reform issues said resolved
The Boy Scouts of America is considering changing its longstanding policy against allowing openly gay members , according to a news release from the organization . The organization , which has 2.7 million members , is "  potentially discussing " doing away with its national policy after months of protest , including hundreds of angry Eagle Scouts renouncing their hard-earned awards and mailing back their red-white-and-blue medals . Many parents of Scouts across America found the national policy excluding gays confusing -- and at odds with basic scouting ideals . Social media were abuzz with outrage over the policy ; gay men who used to be Scouts spoke out in first-person blogs . On her TV talk show , Ellen DeGeneres featured a California Scout who had been denied his Eagle rank because he is gay . Members of the organization 's national board are expected to bring up the issue at a regularly scheduled biannual meeting in February . Any change would be announced after that . Scouting goes through a rough patch In the Scouts ' statement Monday , the group indicated that the national board may consider passing any decisions on gay membership to the local level . Each troop 's charter organization would be able to decide "  consistent with each organization 's mission , principles , or religious beliefs . " "  The policy change under discussion would allow the religious , civic , or educational organizations that oversee and deliver Scouting to determine how to address this issue , " the statement said . The statement itself is remarkable . Some members will see the fact that Scouting 's national leadership is even discussing a policy change as a softening of its stance on gays and lesbians . But some Scouts and Scout parents say that passing the decision to the local level will have little effect on the ground , because many troops have been ignoring the national policy anyway . The announcement comes after Scouting 's national headquarters received numerous complaints from a grass-roots campaign targeting the policy . In April , the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation started calls for the Scouts to end the ban . The group applauded Monday 's announcement . "  The Boy Scouts of America have heard from scouts , corporations and millions of Americans that discriminating against gay Scouts and Scout leaders is wrong , " GLAAD President Herndon Graddick said . "  Scouting is a valuable institution , and this change will only strengthen its core principles of fairness and respect . " Opinion : Boy Scouts , time to end discrimination The protest was sparked last year after Ohio Cub Scout den leader Jennifer Tyrrell was forced to step down from her position in her son 's Cub Scout pack because she is openly gay . The father of a gay California Boy Scout whose application for Eagle rank was rejected by a Scout council hailed the BSA statement as "  a step in the right direction . " "  It 's interesting that the BSA is leaking this beforehand , " said Eric Andresen , whose son Ryan was denied the Eagle rank after being a Scout for more than a decade . "  We feel if they are going out with this much publicity they could n't possibly say no now , " said the elder Andresen , adding that his son sees the move also as "  a step in the right direction ... It 's about time . " Meanwhile , conservative Family Research Council President Tony Perkins released a statement in response to Monday 's announcement saying the Scouts organization "  would be making a serious mistake to bow to the strong-arm tactics of LGBT activists and open the organization to homosexuality . " Perkins added : "  What has changed in terms of the Boy Scouts ' concern for the well-being of the boys under their care ? Or is this not about the well-being of the Scouts , but the funding for the organization ? " Some critics who say that Scouts have failed to change with the times blame the connections to organized religion . Approximately 70 % of Scout troops are affiliated with some kind of church or religious group , according to Boy Scouts of America spokesman Deron Smith . Scouts for Equality reports that 11 organization councils , which include more than 260,000 Scouts , have publicly protested the policy , according to GLAAD . The Catholic Church and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints are among scouting 's biggest backers , Boy Scouts of America says . In 2011 , Mormon-backed Cub Scout and Boy Scout troops accounted for more than 420,000 of all Scouts nationwide . More than 200,000 Scouts were members of units affiliated with the Catholic Church . President Barack Obama -- the honorary head of the Scouts , as is every president -- supports gay and lesbians in Girl and Boy Scouts , as does former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , a Mormon . Last year , the Girl Scouts allowed a transgender member into a troop , sparking a cookie boycott . Opinion : What Scout abuse scandal teaches us	Father of gay Scout denied Eagle rank says BSA move "  step in the right direction " Decision on whether to pass issue to local level could come in February Currently , Boy Scout national policy does not allow gay members or leaders Anti-gay policy sparked protest , prompting many Eagle Scouts to renounce their awards
CNN  -- Imagine for a moment that instead of just the U.S. Department of Agriculture , 16 federal agencies were responsible for administering the federal food stamp program . Also imagine that each of these agencies had unchecked taxpayer resources and no public oversight . Neither the taxpayer nor anyone in Congress would stand for it . But that is exactly what is happening with America 's intelligence programs . In August of last year , Edward Snowden leaked documents that gave taxpayers and most legislators a first-ever glimpse at the amount of money spent on intelligence activities by 16 federal agencies . What did the documents reveal ? Among other things , we learned that , over the past 10 years , the budget for the Central Intelligence Agency ballooned by 56 % and the National Security Agency budget jumped by 54 % . And what do we know about where that taxpayer money went ? Virtually nothing , because intelligence spending is considered top secret and legislative oversight is done behind closed doors . The reality is that most lawmakers -- and , therefore , the taxpayers we represent -- do n't gain access to intelligence spending information . Those who do are sworn to secrecy . With the exception of the budget snapshot revealed by Edward Snowden , this top-line agency information remains buried in the so-called "  black budget " that makes up the National Intelligence Program . And unless Congress acts , it will remain buried and unavailable to public scrutiny . The biggest threat to successfully implementing any federal program is the combination of unchecked funding and limited oversight , which is precisely the situation with America 's intelligence programs . Revelations about the NSA 's intelligence-gathering programs have Americans on edge and justifiably demanding transparency and oversight . But this oversight is not possible without knowing how much money each of these agencies is spending . Intelligence-gathering plays a vital role in the safety and freedom of all Americans . The importance of intelligence activities should not , however , exclude them from budget accountability . To the contrary , the critical nature of these programs is exactly why intelligence agencies should meet basic budget accountability requirements . We are joined by 60 of our colleagues -- from liberal to conservative -- in sponsoring legislation that will take a simple first step toward long-overdue oversight of intelligence programs . Our bill , the Intelligence Budget Transparency Act , will require the President to disclose in his annual budget the top-line intelligence budgets of 16 intelligence agencies . To be clear , we do not propose exposing intelligence program details , or sources and methods . Doing so could compromise operations and the safety of intelligence personnel . We are simply insisting that the total amount spent on intelligence at each agency be made public . The National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States , informally known as the 9/11 Commission , recommended the disclosure of this basic information . Lee Hamilton , the commission 's widely respected vice chairman and former chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , has endorsed our legislation . "  America needs competent and effective intelligence-gathering agencies , " Hamilton said . "  And Congress must exercise prudent and diligent oversight to assure the American taxpayer is getting what it 's paying for . The first step toward accountability and oversight is public disclosure of the top-line budget numbers of all our intelligence-gathering agencies . " Simply put , the taxpayer has a right to know the price tag for intelligence spending by agency . Disclosing this basic information will help Congress and the public compare spending trends over time and measure intelligence needs against other budget priorities . The debate over secrecy in the name of national security is more relevant now than ever before . Shining a light on the intelligence budget is an important and practical step in ensuring an accountable and effective intelligence program and restoring the confidence of the American people in their government 's intelligence activities .	Writers : 16 federal agencies responsible for U.S. intelligence , with unchecked budgets They say intelligence spending is top secret ; oversight is done behind closed doors Writers : "  Black budget " will be buried , unavailable to public scrutiny unless Congress acts Intelligence Budget Transparency Act will require budget to be disclosed , they say
Washington  CNN  -- Federal civil rights lawyers filed suit Wednesday against Meridian , Mississippi , and other defendants for operating what the government calls a school-to-prison pipeline in which students are denied basic constitutional rights , sent to court and incarcerated for minor school infractions . The lawsuit says children who talk back to teachers , violate dress codes and commit other minor infractions are handcuffed and sent to a youth court where they are denied their rights . It 's the first time a jurisdiction has been charged under a law designed to protect the due process rights of juveniles in such circumstances . 2010 : Feds accuse Miss. county of rights violations Also among the defendants were Lauderdale County , judges of the county 's Youth Court and the State of Mississippi Division of Youth Services . About 6,000 mostly African-American students attend grades kindergarten through 12 in a dozen schools in the Lauderdale County School District . About 86 % of the district 's students are African-American , but all of those referred to the court for violations were minorities , the government suit said . The federal action came more than two months after the Justice Department warned local and state officials that they had 60 days to cooperate or face a federal lawsuit . Deputy Assistant Attorney General Roy Austin said Wednesday that Mississippi officials had failed to cooperate with the eight-month investigation . "  We had no choice but to file suit , " Austin said , giving examples of what he alleged are unconstitutional actions taken by the school district and court : • Children are handcuffed and arrested in school and incarcerated for days at a time without a probable cause hearing . • Children detained wait more than 48 hours for a hearing , in violation of constitution requirements . • Children make admissions to formal charges without being advised of their Miranda rights . • Children are not routinely granted legal representation during the juvenile justice process . Austin said Wednesday that Meridian is not the only location in the country with such a system . However , he said , it is the only one to date where local authorities have not been fully cooperative with federal investigators . He pointed to Shelby County , Tennessee , as a school system where complaints had been received but where local officials had been fully cooperative with the Justice Department . Mississippi officials did not have an immediate response to the lawsuit .	Federal civil rights lawyers sue Meridian , Lauderdale County , agencies They say children at Youth Court are denied rights Youth Court sees minorities disproportionately , lawsuit says Justice Department had warned officials about lawsuit
CNN  -- We conquered Greektown last weekend like so many Detroit bachelorette parties before -- cheap champagne , slot machines , grown-woman giggles . We stuck to the city 's party-friendly district , home of a casino , restaurants that specialize in flaming cheese and Astoria Pastry Shop , where we spent a long , crave-denying half-hour forcing ourselves not to order one of everything . Some pals and soon-to-be family drove five hours to be there . My clan has long lived nearby , but some guests had never visited the D. I 'm sure there was nervous laughter on the way in , recognition of decades of terrifying headlines . Detroit has n't heard many kind words since the 1960s , and much of what 's said is rooted in reality . It 's a place with money trouble , population trouble , housing trouble , crime trouble ; even the most bright-eyed of the artist-farmer entrepreneurs arriving in the city wo n't deny it . It was a merry night , but I know some of our guests left exasperated and disappointed by the view from the expressway and the sense that we should n't stray too far from the well-lit hotel perimeter . I left feeling guilty , like I 'd shirked my duties as an ambassador of the Mitten 's greatest city . Detroit has problems , but lack of identity and charisma is n't among them . Its rise and fall resembles the story of other cities , but on the ground , there 's nothing like it -- exactly the trait that makes any place worth a visit . I miss it when I 'm gone and perpetually wish for a few more days to explore . But without a guide , our visitors could n't even tell where to start . City smackdown : Philly , a fine place for ` cast-offs , misfits ' I know what we should have done . When everybody arrived , we should 've had a pile of sunshine-yellow Better Made potato chips , round paczki from New Martha Washington bakery and Faygo Rock & Rye , or maybe Redpop , waiting . We could 've table hopped and ordered often : the Vedgie sandwich at Mudgie 's , beef cheek pierogie at Roast , barbecue at Slows , beer at Motor City Brewing Works , cheaper beer at the Anchor . We should 've poked our heads into each of the 52 rooms at The Whitney and requested the creme brulee , just because . There should 've been coneys , those chili-cheese-hot dog monstrosities best consumed on the wrong side of 2 a.m.  Or at lunch , if you 're that kind of hungry . The next morning , we could 've gotten coffee and pastries from Avalon International Breads or detoxed in the worth-the-wait crepe line at Good Girls go to Paris . We should 've sent everybody home with a box of sugared goodies from La Gloria in Mexicantown . Maybe we should 've planned the party a day earlier , so we could hit CafÃ © D'Mongo , the Fridays-only speakeasy . The next day , we could 've shopped Eastern Market -- the old R. Hirt Jr. specialty store recently reopened under the name DeVries & Co. . It 's still owned by a grandson of the founder , still a wise place to buy cheese . We might 've taken the Dequindre Cut , a pedestrian-only greenway , straight to the Riverfront . In all that concrete , marble and glass , it 's easy to forget it 's a city made possible by water . We could 've stared south at Canada , or crossed the bridge to Belle Isle , the island playland larger than Central Park , with elements designed by famed landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted and Detroit favorite Albert Kahn . Detroit is , unfortunately , perhaps , the artistic home of "  ruin porn , " and while Michigan Central Station and the like are worth an ogle , we really should 've stopped in the very-much-alive art deco Guardian Building to spin in the lobby . We might 've walked up and down the streets of Boston-Edison and Brush Park to appreciate the glorious old houses , or the sidewalks of Lafayette Park to see the more modern Ludwig Mies van der Rohe homes . We should 've stayed a day longer and gone to the Detroit Institute of Arts . We could pore over each corner of Diego Rivera 's murals and walk among Warhols , Rembrandts and Egyptian mummies . For another view , we 'd stop at the Charles H. Wright Museum of African American History , the Museum of Contemporary Art , Pewabic Pottery and the Motown Museum . Cruising music : Aretha , Gladys , Stevie , repeat . We could 've at least driven through the Heidelberg Project , the neighborhood art project by native son Tyree Guyton , helped along by artists such as Tim Burke . We would be smarter to stop and talk to people there ; a few years ago , they generously blocked off the street for my wedding and applauded from their porches . I will always believe their neighborhood is a place to celebrate . We 'd have to set aside an afternoon for John K. King books , four floors and a basement that smell like your favorite corner of the library and bedtime stories at grandma 's . My uncle calls it "  the only used book store where you can go with a list , " but I 've never bothered with one . Like a casual gambler at Detroit 's casinos , it 's probably better to set a budget and wander . What would we miss when we took a break ? Games at Comerica Park , Ford Field or Joe Louis Arena ; shows at the Fox Theatre or the acoustically stunning Orchestra Hall ; music at the Magic Stick , Chene Park or PJ 's Lager House ; classic movies  and real , live pipe organ !  at the Redford Theatre ? The suburbs would be on the someday list -- the Detroit Zoo and its newly born river otters , the glassblowers and re-enactors at Greenfield Village and Buckminster Fuller 's geodesic Dymaxion House at the Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn . When everybody is back with their kids in tow , maybe we 'll make a day of the Cranbrook Institute of Science 's planetarium . One night of partying is too short for this place , or any place . I live in Atlanta now , and it too , has a part of my heart . I would n't want it , or any of my homes , to be judged on its most dilapidated blocks , its greatest tragedies or the symbolism of its past . No city is so obvious . So I can understand if our guests drove away shaking their heads , but I wo n't let it happen again . They 'll be back in August for my sister 's wedding . Detroit will be entering its most beautiful season , when the wind is warmer and the temperatures cooler . We will roll down Woodward Avenue , the grand lane in and out , but we 'll stop often to look around , because this is Detroit , and that is Detroit , and this , too . Detroit or Philadelphia , which city gets your vote ? Show your support in the poll above , then visit iReport to share your tips and photos for Philadelphia and Detroit .	As part of our Destination USA series , we pit rival cities and let you vote which is best The final city smackdown is a battle of the underdogs : Philadelphia vs. Detroit Jamie Gumbrecht explains there 's more to Detroit than "  ruin porn " and bad headlines Fight for your city ! Show us why you think Detroit or Philadelphia is better on CNN iReport
CNN  -- At least five thieves armed with hammers stormed a jewelry store in Memphis , Tennessee , sending mall shoppers and employees scurrying as they stole dozens of Rolex watches , police said . The culprits targeted Reeds Jewelers in Wolfchase Galleria around 7:30 p.m.  8:30 p.m. ET  Saturday , Memphis police spokeswoman Sgt. Alyssa Macon-Moore said . Employees ran to the back of the store as the thieves stuffed about 65 Rolex watches into pillowcases , Macon-Moore said . Each watch is worth about $ 11,000 . The case is being investigated as a theft , not a robbery , because the thieves did not interact directly with any employees . Previously , police said the assailants were armed with sledgehammers and guns , based on witness accounts . But officers reviewed surveillance video and saw only hammers . Others in the mall also reported the sound of gunfire , but police determined it was the sound of display cases being broken , Macon-Moore said . Police received numerous calls from people hiding in the mall , which was temporarily locked down . The thieves fled and remain at large . No one was injured in the incident . Luxury watch heist in Paris Notable diamond heists	The thieves stole about $ 715,000 worth of Rolex watches , police say Some reported gunfire , but police say it was the sound of display cases breaking No one was injured in the incident , and the culprits remain at large
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Pirates who hijacked a crude oil tanker off the coast of Kenya are approaching a Somali port , the U.S. Navy says . An undated photo of the Sirius Star in South Korean waters . The Sirius Star -- a crude "  super tanker " flagged in Liberia and owned by the Saudi Arabian-based Saudi Aramco company -- was attacked on Saturday more than 450 nautical miles southeast of Mombasa , Kenya . The crew of 25 , including British , Croatian , Polish , Filipino and Saudi nationals , are reported to be safe . U.S. Navy Fifth Fleet Cmdr. Jane Campbell said the super tanker weighs more than 300,000 metric tons and "  is more than three times the size of a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier . " Oil industry insiders say a tanker of this size can carry up to 2 million barrels of oil , and the ship 's operator , Dubai-based Vela International Marine Ltd , says it is fully laden . A U.S. Navy spokesman said the tanker is approaching Eyl , Somalia , on the Indian Ocean coast . It is routine procedure for pirates to take hijacked ships to shore , where they will keep them while they discuss negotiations . A multinational naval force including vessels from the U.S. , the UK and Russia has been patrolling the Indian Ocean waters seas near the Gulf of Aden , which connects the Red Sea and the Arabian Sea , following a sharp increase in pirate attacks in the region . "  It was attacked more than 450 nautical offshore of Mombasa . This means that the pirates are now operating in an area of over 1.1 million square miles . This is a measure of the determination of the pirates and ... a measure of how lucrative piracy could become , " Campbell said . Campbell said the Navy does not expect to dispatch a vessel to aide the super tanker because it does not have dangerous weapons aboard like the MV Faina , a Ukrainian ship loaded with arms that was seized by pirates on September 25 . The UK Foreign Office confirmed two Britons were aboard and said it was seeking more information about the incident . South Korean officials said on Sunday that armed gunmen hijacked a Japanese freighter and its 23-member crew off the coast of Somalia . The hijacking came as the Korean government was considering sending a warship to join those of other countries to combat piracy in the area . A Russian patrol ship also thwarted an attack on a Saudi vessel . Eleven vessels are currently being held by pirates hoping to secure ransoms for their release , according to The Associated Press . They include the MV Faina , which was hijacked along with 20 crew and a cargo of weapons and T-72 tanks . Ninety percent of ships transiting the perilous seas are using a guarded corridor and there have been no hijackings inside the zone since it was set up on August 22 , Danish Commodore Per Bigum Christensen told AP last week . Around 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route each year . "  Our presence in the region is helping deter and disrupt criminal attacks off the Somali coast , but the situation with the Sirius Star clearly indicates the pirates ' ability to adapt their tactics and methods of attack " said U.S. Vice Admiral Bill Gortney , commander of the Combined Maritime Forces . "  Piracy is an international crime that threatens global commerce . Shipping companies have to understand that naval forces can not be everywhere . Self protection measures are the best way to protect their vessels , their crews , and their cargo . " CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report	NEW : Hijacked super tanker heading towards port in Somalia , U.S. Navy says Saudi-owned oil tanker has 25 crew aboard in the Arabian Sea Pirate attacks have increased sharply in perilous Gulf of Aden region this year Multinational naval force has been patrolling the area to provide protection
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pro-Taliban cleric Sufi Mohammad has announced he has pulled out of a peace deal in the violence-plagued Swat Valley , saying the government is not serious about implementing Islamic law , or sharia , in the region . Supporters of cleric Sufi Mohammad gather as they march during a peace rally in the Swat Valley . Mohammad brokered the cease-fire in late February between the Pakistani government and his son-in-law , Maulana Fazlullah , who commands the Taliban in Swat Valley . With the deal , the area would come under sharia law , which -- under the Taliban 's strict interpretation -- would prevent women from even being seen in public without their husbands or fathers . Mohammad has set up a protest camp at the headquarters of his son-in-law 's Taliban-aligned group , Tehreek Nifaz-e-Shariat Mohammadi  TNSM  , according to a police official . The headquarters are located in Batkhelah in the Malakand agency of North West Frontier Province . Speaking to reporters Thursday , Mohammad expressed frustration that President Asif Ali Zardari had not signed off on the peace deal . He blamed the Pakistani government for any bloodshed that might follow . Watch how peace talks have hit a hurdle " Mohammad 's pullout does not automatically mean the deal is over . The Taliban , itself , has not announced whether or not it too is pulling out . A lawmaker with the Awami National Party  ANP  of the North West Frontier Province -- where Swat is located -- said he did not expect fighting to resume . "  God willing , there wo n't be anything that happens to take this -LSB- peace -RSB- out of our hands , " said Hashem Baber of the ANP . The province 's government will send a contingent to meet with Mohammed and hear his complaints . "  We 'll meet and talk and if they have an complaints , we 'll try to push those away and solve the situation to get back to the peace deal , " Baber said . Critics of the cease-fire have called it a major concession by the Pakistani government in an attempt to hold off Taliban attacks . Indeed , after the deal went into effect , Fazlullah proclaimed himself the Emir of Swat . Swat Valley was once one of Pakistan 's biggest tourist destinations . It is near the Afghanistan border and is 186 miles  300 kilometers  from the capital , Islamabad . The central government has long exerted little control in the area , but it launched an intense military offensive in late July to flush out militants from areas of the North West Frontier Province As retaliation for the military presence , the Taliban carried out a series of deadly attacks , beheadings and destruction of girls ' schools . They also continued to gain ground , setting up checkpoints throughout the area . Sufi Mohammad was released from jail last year by Pakistani authorities after he agreed to cooperate with the government . He was detained in 2002 after recruiting thousands of fighters to battle U.S. forces in Afghanistan . Fazlullah took over TNSM during Sufi Mohammed 's jail stint and vowed to continue his fight to impose fundamentalist Islamic law in the region . Last May , Pakistan 's government announced it reached a peace deal with militants in Swat Valley . In the months that followed , the Taliban seized control of the region and carried out a violent campaign against government officials , including local politicians . The head of the secular Awami National Party -- which represents the region -- was forced to flee to Islamabad amid death threats from the Taliban . Pakistan is under enormous pressure to control the militants within its borders , blamed for launching attacks in neighboring Afghanistan where U.S. and NATO forces are fighting militants . The United States -- using unmanned drones -- has carried out several airstrikes inside Pakistan on suspected militant targets , including one on Wednesday that killed three suspected Taliban militants in the tribal region . Such incursions have infuriated many Pakistanis and their leaders . Pakistan 's military operation in the region is unpopular among Pakistanis , but efforts to deal diplomatically with militants have not worked in the past . Pakistan 's previous leader , Gen. Pervez Musharraf , reached a cease-fire deal with militants in South Waziristan in 2006 which was widely blamed for giving al Qaeda and the Taliban a stronger foothold in the region . CNN 's Zein Basravi contributed to this report .	Pro-Taliban cleric pulls out of peace deal in violence-plagued Swat Valley Cleric says Pakistani government not serious about implementing Islamic law Mohammad brokered cease-fire between Pakistani government and son-in-law
GENEVA , Switzerland  Reuters  -- Extreme sexual violence against women is pervasive in the Democratic Republic of Congo  DRC  and local authorities do little to stop it or prosecute those responsible , a U.N. investigator said on Monday . A woman struggles to describe her rape by military members . Health workers call rape an epidemic . Rape and brutality against women and girls are "  rampant and committed by non-state armed groups , the Armed Forces of the DRC , the National Congolese Police , and increasingly also by civilians " , said Turkish lawyer Yakin Erturk . "  Violence against women seems to be perceived by large sectors of society to be normal , " she added in a report after an 11-day trip to the strife-torn country . Erturk , special rapporteur for the United Nations Human Rights Council on violence against women , said the situation in South Kivu province , where rebels from neighboring Rwanda operate , was the worst she had ever encountered . The atrocities perpetrated there by armed groups , some of whom seemed to have been involved in the 1994 Rwandan massacres in which 800,000 people were killed , "  are of an unimaginable brutality that goes far beyond rape , " she said . "  Women are gang-raped , often in front of their families and communities . In numerous cases , male relatives are forced at gun point to rape their own daughters , mothers or sisters , " she said . After rape , many women were shot or stabbed in the genital area , and survivors told Erturk that while held as slaves by the gangs they had been forced to eat excrement or the flesh of their murdered relatives . Women who have been raped are systematically rejected by their families and society . Widespread sexual abuse in the various conflicts racking the republic -- which last year held elections hailed as marking a new era -- "  seems to have become a generalized aspect of the overall oppression of women , " Erturk said . Her report followed charges from U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Louise Arbour last week that soldiers and police used excessive force , including summary executions , in quelling opposition protesters in the west of the DRC earlier this year . In the central Equateur province , the police and army often responded to civil unrest "  with organized armed reprisals that target the civilian population and involve indiscriminate pillage , torture and mass rape " , the report found . Although the DRC parliament outlawed sexual violence in July 2006 , "  little action is taken by the authorities to implement the law and perpetrators continue to enjoy immunity , especially if they wear the state 's uniform , " Erturk said . Erturk said Congo 's justice system was corrupt and in "  a deplorable state , " while conditions in prisons were "  scandalous " . Senior army and police officers shielded their men from prosecution , and when some were arrested they escaped easily , probably "  with the complicity of those in charge . " In a few cases courts had ordered the state and individuals to compensate victims . But "  to this day the government has not paid reparations to a single victim who has suffered sexual violence at the hand of state agents , " said E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	U.N. finds gang-rape rampant ; men forced to rape daughters , mothers , sisters Victims shot or stabbed in genital area , survivors forced to eat excrement , flesh Army , police , non-state militias involved , protected by senior authorities Justice system does nothing to protect women and girls from atrocities
Bangkok  CNN  -- Thousands of anti-government demonstrators kept up pressure on the Thai government Wednesday by surrounding more official buildings amid the highest tensions the country has seen since deadly unrest three years ago . The protesters in Bangkok continued to occupy the finance ministry building , which they stormed Monday and turned into their secondary command center . They plan to send groups to a range of other ministries and government offices around the capital Wednesday , said Akanat Promphan , a spokesman for the protesters . Their objectives include the public health , labor , industry , social development and science ministries , as well as a government complex that houses multiple agencies , notably the Department of Special Investigation . The number of demonstrators , led by the opposition Democrat Party , has declined from the huge gathering of roughly 100,000 people that assembled in Bangkok on Sunday . Akanat said the protesters believe their current numbers to be in the tens of thousands , perhaps as many as 50,000 . But authorities estimate the number of demonstrators to be 10,000 , said Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut of the National Security Council . Certain sections of some roads in Bangkok have been shut down because of the number of protesters camping out and spilling into the street , Paradon said . Amid the tensions on the streets , Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra faces a no-confidence motion in parliament put forward by the opposition as it tries to unseat the government through legal means . A vote is currently scheduled for Thursday , but the opposition 's chances of success appear slim , as Yingluck 's party has a majority . Protesters are calling for an end to the government of Yingluck , sister of former premier Thaksin Shinawatra , the telecommunications tycoon who was ousted in a 2006 coup . Critics of the Thai prime minister accuse her of being a puppet of her older brother Thaksin , a deeply polarizing figure who was removed from power by the military while in New York in 2006 . He has since lived in exile , except for a brief return in 2008 , and was convicted by Thai courts for corruption and sentenced in absentia to two years in prison later that year . More than three weeks of anti-government protests led by the Democrat Party rose to a crescendo with the big demonstration Sunday . The protesters have since taken their rallies directly to government offices , TV networks and military installations . At various points during the past few days , demonstrators have surrounded the foreign ministry , as well as the agriculture and interior ministries . Yingluck has said authorities will "  absolutely not use violence " to disperse the demonstrators . But the situation is delicate after Thai police issued an arrest warrant against protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban . Paradon of the National Security Council said Wednesday that authorities are "  sticking with negotiation " and trying to persuade Suthep to hand himself in . Authorities have extended the areas around Bangkok where police are enforcing an internal security law that restricts gatherings by demonstrators . The current protests have reanimated the tensions along Thailand 's political fault lines -- Thaksin Shinawatra 's mostly rural support base on one side , the Bangkok-based elite and middle classes on the other . The same division left the country wracked with turbulence for four years after the 2006 coup , culminating in a 2010 army crackdown on Thaksin supporters that left more than 90 dead . The current protests are in response to a government-backed amnesty bill that could have extended a pardon to Thaksin Shinawatra and opened the door for his return to Thailand . The Thai senate rejected the amnesty bill on November 11 , but demonstrations continued , with the opposition calling for the current government to be replaced by a new administration . More than a dozen countries have issued travel warnings for citizens to avoid areas near protests in Bangkok . CNN 's Anna Coren contributed to this report .	Demonstrators say they plan to march to multiple government offices They want Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra 's government to step down The number of protesters has declined from a huge gathering Sunday Yingluck is facing a no confidence motion in Parliament , where she has a majority
CNN  Buckle up for another Mercedes battle in the Formula One world championship . Lewis Hamilton took victory for the Silver Arrows at the Chinese Grand Prix -- only for his teammate Nico Rosberg to later claim he had ruined his race by driving slowly . The reigning world champion captured his 35th grand prix win with a peerless pole-to-flag win under Shanghai 's sunny skies . "  It was great to have a smooth weekend , " the British racer said before spraying the champagne on the podium . "  The team have done a fantastic job to up our pace and improve after our last race where we struggled a bit . " F1 championship standings Hamilton had lost the Malaysia Grand Prix in a strategic battle with the Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel but it was business as usual in Shanghai . Rosberg came home second for Mercedes to snuff out the threat from the chasing Italian racers and renew his rivalry with Hamilton . "  It was an important comeback for the team , " said the 2014 championship runner-up . Ferrari continued to put pressure on the world champion team with Vettel finishing third to collect his third straight podium of 2015 . "  We just wanted to bring the podium back home , " said Vettel , a four-time world champion with Red Bull Racing . "  It 's been three out of three so far so it feels pretty good . I feel happy in the team and hopefully we can get a little bit closer to challenge these guys . " Vettel is just 13 points behind Hamilton in the world championship and four points ahead of Rosberg , after the first three races of the year . Rosberg unhappy It was a disheartening weekend for Rosberg -- the son of 1982 world champion Keke -- and he allowed his frustrations to spill over for the first time this season . On Saturday , Hamilton beat him to pole position by just 0.042 seconds and Rosberg complained to his engineers on the pit to car radio : "  Oh , come on guys ! " Then the German insisted his race was hampered when he found himself sandwiched between race leader Hamilton and Vettel , both of whom had stopped for fresh tyres a few laps earlier . "  Lewis is driving very slowly . Tell him to speed up , " Rosberg told the Mercedes pit wall . Mercedes then instructed Hamilton on the team radio : "  OK Lewis we 'd like to pick the pace up a little bit . " Rosberg complained after the race that Hamilton 's lackadaisical Sunday driving was holding him up , pushing him back into Vettel 's thrall and taking life out of his tyres . "  It 's interesting to hear from you Lewis about your pace up front , " Rosberg said in the post-race media conference . "  That was compromising my race . Driving slowly , that was unnecessary , and meant Sebastian was closer to me . "  It cost me a lot of time ... I 'm unhappy about that of course . " Hamilton responded : "  It 's not my job to look after Nico 's race . It 's my job to bring the car home . "  I did n't do anything intentionally to slow the cars down . If Nico had wanted to get by he could have tried , but he did n't . " Bahrain Hamilton has won two grands prix in 2015 while Rosberg has yet to climb onto the top step of the podium . If the German is to repeat his thrilling 2014 world title challenge , which went down to the final race in Abu Dhabi , he will need to turn things around soon . Rosberg has the chance to exorcise his frustrations on track at the Bahrain Grand Prix in just seven day 's time . Ferrari will hope the hot track temperatures at the desert race will help them topple Mercedes again , as they did on Sepang 's sizzling circuit . The Italian team have the horsepower . Vettel finished less than three seconds behind Hamilton in China with Ferrari teammate Kimi Raikkonen fourth . There was also a small feat further down the field as former Ferrari race winner Fernando Alonso finished his first race for the McLaren Honda partnership with 12th place in China . The Spanish double world champion missed the Australian Grand Prix because of a head injury sustained in testing and then retired in Malaysia .	Lewis Hamilton took victory for the Silver Arrows at the Chinese Grand Prix Nico Rosberg claims Hamilton ruined his race by driving slowly
Washington  CNN  -- Top Democratic and Republican congressional leaders met with Chinese President Hu Jintao on Thursday , using the occasion to raise strong concerns about Beijing 's commitment to human rights and economic issues such as the protection of intellectual property . Hu met with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , among others . Neither man attended Wednesday night 's White House state dinner in honor of the Chinese leader . Earlier in the week , Reid called Hu a "  dictator " -- words that were later recanted by his spokesman . Boehner noted that the concerns relating to tensions on the Korean peninsula also were raised during Thursday 's talks . We had "  a good meeting , " Boehner said . "  I would hope that the dialogue on all of these subjects would continue . " Disagreements over human rights -- including China 's treatment of imprisoned Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Liu Xiaobo -- were "  raised very strongly , " according to Rep. Howard Berman of California , the top Democrat on the House Foreign Affairs Committee . "  I would not indicate there was great engagement ... other than a general recognition by the president of China that they have a ways to go , " Berman told reporters . On Wednesday , Hu met with President Barack Obama behind closed doors at the White House for several hours as top officials from both countries worked to address a range of issues tied to the global economic crisis , international security , the environment and human rights . Obama administration officials used the president 's meeting with Hu to highlight economic progress between the two countries , announcing Beijing 's approval of $ 45 billion in new contracts for U.S. companies to export goods to China . The contracts will support an estimated 235,000 American jobs , according to the White House . The two leaders acknowledged continuing differences on human rights , but they pledged to keep working on such issues in a "  frank and candid way , " according to Obama . Human rights is always a touchy subject in China , as censors in China have made clear during Hu 's visit . The censors blacked out CNN 's news broadcast each time human rights was mentioned . Even when Hu spoke about human rights , it was blacked out . Censors also blacked the network out in China whenever a CNN report mentioned or showed video of Liu . Footage of anti-China protesters near the White House was similarly blacked out . Hu , who started his three-day trip to the United States on Tuesday afternoon , was treated to a military honor guard and review at the White House -- part of the traditional pomp and circumstance reserved for visiting leaders of major powers . Obama hailed Hu 's visit as a chance to lay a foundation for the next 30 years of Sino-American relations . "  At a time when some doubt the benefits of cooperation between the United States and China , this visit is ... a chance to demonstrate a simple truth , " Obama said . "  We have an enormous stake in each other 's success . In an interconnected world , in a global economy , nations -- including our own -- will be more prosperous and more secure when we work together . " Hu declared the relationship between the two powers to be one of "  strategic significance and global influence . " Under "  new circumstances , and in the face of new challenges , China and the United States share broad common interests and important common responsibilities , " he said . "  Our cooperation as partners should be based on mutual respect , " he added . "  China and the United States should respect each other 's choice of development path and each other 's core interests . " The formal state dinner for Hu on Wednesday evening was the third such occasion of Obama 's administration . Among the 225 dignitaries who attended were former presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton ; former secretaries of state Madeleine Albright , George Schultz and Henry Kissinger ; Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer ; actor Jackie Chan ; Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire ; and designer Vera Wang . Herbie Hancock and Lang Lang were to provide entertainment after the dinner . The last White House state dinner for China was in October 1997 , when Clinton welcomed President Jiang Zemin and his wife , Wang Yeping . While Hu was at the White House , he joined Obama in a meeting with key business leaders . The list of corporate executives taking part in the discussion included Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman Sachs , HSBC 's John Thornton , Intel 's Paul Otellini , Motorola 's Greg Brown , Microsoft 's Steve Ballmer , GE 's Jeff Immelt and Boeing 's Jim McNerney . Hu later met with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden at the State Department . He was scheduled to head to Chicago Thursday after the meetings on Capitol Hill . During a news conference with reporters Wednesday , Obama said he had received a promise from Hu to establish a more "  level playing field " for U.S. trade . China 's currency , Obama said , remains undervalued -- a key factor in America 's trade imbalance with Beijing . The two countries need to develop a "  win-win situation as opposed to a win-lose situation , " he said . Hu conceded that key differences remain over economic policy , but he promised that Beijing would continue making attempts to resolve those differences . Obama noted that he and Hu agreed on the need to reduce tension on the Korean peninsula and prevent further provocations from Pyongyang . A Korean peninsula with no nuclear weapons remains a key goal for both leaders , Obama stressed . Obama on Wednesday defended his administration 's decision to engage with China despite those differences over hot-button issues such as human right . Obama pointed out that "  China has a different political system than we do " and is at a "  different stage of development . " "  I have been very candid with President Hu about these issues , " Obama told reporters , and "  occasionally , they are a source of tension . " But "  we can engage and discuss these issues in a frank and candid way , " he said . Hu defended his country 's human rights record , arguing that "  China recognizes and also respects the universality of human rights . " At the same time , he said , it is important to account for "  different national circumstances . " "  We will continue our efforts to improve the lives of the Chinese people " and promote "  democracy and the rule of law , " he said . At the same time , Beijing is willing to engage with Washington on the basis of "  mutual respect " and the principle of "  noninterference " in domestic affairs . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Ben Rooney , Tom Cohen , Jaime Florcruz , Stan Grant and Aaron Smith contributed to this report	NEW : Congressional leaders discuss human rights and economic issues with Hu Jintao The session follows Hu 's meeting Wednesday with President Obama The White House announces $ 45 billion in new U.S. business contracts with China
CNN  -- It 's a record any studio would love to have . A boy tags along with an old man and his traveling house in the new Pixar movie , "  Up . " Including its first feature , "  Toy Story , " in 1995 , the animation powerhouse Pixar has released nine full-length films . All nine have been both financial and critical successes . There has to be a secret , right ? Right ? Uh , no , says Pete Docter , the director of Pixar 's 10th feature , "  Up , " which opens Friday . "  I do n't really think it 's much of a secret , " he told CNN . "  I think it comes down to two basic things : one is that we 're run by artists . ... John Lasseter is a film director , as opposed to being from a business school or whatever . He has that side of him as well , but he 's always approaching these things as the same way we are . "  Second , we have some pretty great people that they 've managed to collect here . This is our 10th film , and every film has just gotten better and better , whether that be in animation or special effects or lighting . And it just all comes together to make for some really fantastic stuff . " Watch a preview of the film " Indeed , the studio has n't followed any particular formula . There have been big stars involved in Pixar films -- Tom Hanks and Paul Newman have both participated -- but the name voices in Pixar 's biggest box-office success , "  Finding Nemo , " were comedians Albert Brooks and Ellen DeGeneres . The looks have included the squarish angles of suburbia  "  Toy Story "  , slick candy colors  "  Cars "  , classic , rubbery characters  "  Ratatouille "  and high technology  "  WALL-E "  . And though there are occasional pop-cultural references , such as those favored by Pixar 's competition , in general the humor is organic to the story . And story always comes first , says "  Up " producer Jonas Rivera . "  One of the things that I really love about -LSB- Pixar -RSB- is that no matter what you do , if you 're a production assistant or a producer or a marketing executive or running the kitchen , everyone here thinks like filmmakers , " he said . "  Up " took five years to create , Rivera said , and his biggest fear was "  it 's not gon na stay true " to the original concept . In the case of "  Up , " the story involves the elderly Carl Fredricksen , voiced by Ed Asner , who had a happy marriage and a career as a balloon seller for many years . After his wife dies and he 's threatened with eviction , Fredricksen decides to fly his house -- using hundreds of balloons -- to South America , a place that always had romantic meaning for him and his wife . Much to Fredricksen 's initial chagrin , however , he has a stowaway , a Junior Wilderness Explorer named Russell  voiced by Jordan Nagai  . The two are forced to become mutually dependent in the course of their adventures . The film has a number of gorgeous set pieces -- the house flying away , the wonder of a dramatic waterfall  the latter inspired by an episode of the documentary series "  The Living Edens , " said Rivera  -- but what was most challenging was an early sequence in which 50 years of Carl 's life is compressed into four minutes , said Docter , the director . "  We wrote like 20 minutes ' worth of stuff and kept cutting away , cutting away until we got just down to the essence , " he said , praising story artist Ronnie del Carmen 's storyboard work . "  I was just hoping we would n't ruin it , because there 's just such a beautiful quality of the way he draws . As it turns out , I think everybody just stepped up . " Asner -- as amusingly crusty in person as he is on screen -- praised that scene as "  a grabber " but said he also loved the film 's "  small moments , " in his words , including scenes of Fredricksen 's solitary house surrounded by bulldozed space and Russell sitting on a log in front of a campfire . He said he 's prouder , though , of the film 's message . "  It 's a very gratifying film for me to put under my belt because of the philosophy inherent in it , " he said . "  Do no harm . Do good when you can . Live life . Do n't live in the past . Find the future and react to the love that 's given you . " "  Up , " which premiered at Europe 's prestigious Cannes Film Festival , faces a crowded marketplace , with "  Star Trek , " the new "  Night at the Museum " and "  Terminator Salvation " all staking a claim on audience loyalties . But the toughest critics might be at Pixar itself . After all , four of the studio 's films have won the Oscar for best animated feature . All but two have earned more than $ 200 million at the domestic box office . And every single one has been praised by critics -- a handful , such as 2007 's "  Ratatouille , " receiving almost unanimous acclaim . iReport.com : Did Disney 's latest leave you in an ` Up ` beat mood ? Share your review It 's a tough act to follow . But that 's where the studio really may have a secret weapon , Docter said . "  We use ourselves as the first test audience , " he said . "  We know that the audience is going to be diverse : my mom , my grandmother , my kids ; everybody is going to be in there . But the first audience is us . " Rivera added , "  The bar raises , and we 're all very self-competitive but at the same time supportive . Like , I did n't work on ` WALL-E , ' but I feel like it 's mine , you know ? And I want that to look great and be great . And then I want that bar to be higher and for us to be challenged . " CNN 's Juan Carlos Arciniegas contributed to this report .	Pixar has excellent track record , with films scoring both financial and critical success Animation studio 's latest film is "  Up , " which opens Friday How do they do it ? Fostering creativity , say staffers
Pope Francis called for a cease-fire in the Middle East before Sunday 's Angelus prayer and said his meeting in June with the presidents of Israel and the Palestinian Authority was not a waste of time . "  I exhort to all the interested parties and to all of those who have political responsibility at the local and international level to not give up the prayer , nor any effort to cease any hostility and reach the desired peace for the good of all , " the Pope said , according to a CNN translation . He spoke in Italian , from the window of his apartment above St. Peter 's Square . In June , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli President Shimon Peres committed themselves to the quest for peace during a visit to the Vatican . It was the first time the Pope had hosted a prayer gathering of two leaders engaged in conflict . "  Someone could think that such a meeting took place in vain . Instead no , because prayer helps us in not letting evil win nor resigning ourselves to violence and hatred take over dialogue and reconciliation , " the pontiff said Sunday . The Angelus is a traditional prayer given Sundays at noon following a short sermon from the Pope . Hostilities between Israel and Palestinian militants escalated this month after the killing of three Israeli teenagers and a Palestinian teen . Neither Hamas nor Israel appears to be backing down . Since Monday , scores of people in Gaza have been killed , the Gaza Health Ministry has said . Though some Israelis have been wounded , none has been killed by the rockets fired by Hamas and other militant groups in Gaza . Israel drops leaflets warning Gaza residents to evacuate ahead of airstrikes Fearing daughter 's Gaza border wedding	The Pope gives a sermon , traditional prayer every Sunday at noon He met with presidents of Israel and the Palestinian Authority in June Violence in the region has escalated since then Pope says prayer is a powerful weapon against evil
CNN  -- For the second time in a week , Comcast customers found themselves offline -- this time , in the Midwest . On Sunday evening , internet service outages affected Illinois , Minnesota , Indiana and Michigan , according to a Twitter account for Comcast customer service . "  I apologize for the down time , " representative Bill Gerth said via Twitter late Sunday , adding that crews were working as quickly as possible to resolve the domain name system outage . At about 1 a.m. ET Monday , Gerth tweeted , "  Everyone should be just about back online , if not should be very shortly . " Last weekend , customers on the East Coast also experienced outages . The disruption affected the Boston and Washington , D.C. , areas , a Comcast spokesman said . The outage came on the eve of Cyber Monday , the annual online equivalent of Black Friday when internet retailers roll out their bargains for holiday shoppers . CNN 's Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	Customers in Illinois , Minnesota , Indiana and Michigan are affected A Comcast representative tweets that almost everyone should be back online Another Comcast internet service outage occurred on the East Coast last week
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Somali pirates freed a British hostage Wednesday , nearly seven months after she was taken captive in a raid at a Kenyan beach resort in which her husband was killed . Judith Tebbutt said in a statement she was hugely relieved to be free and overjoyed to be reunited with her son , Ollie . She said he had played a key role in securing her release . "  This , however , is a time when my joy at being safe again is overwhelmed by my immense grief , shared by Ollie and the wider family , following David 's passing in September last year , " she said . "  My family and I now need to grieve properly . "  I hope that while I adjust to my freedom and the devastating loss of my husband , that I and my family will be allowed space , time and most of all privacy , to come to terms with the events of the last six months , " her statement said . Tebbutt was flown out of Adado , Somalia , to the Kenyan capital , Nairobi . "  The priority now is to get her to a place of safety , " said a spokesman from the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office . Tebbutt 's release came after lengthy negotiations between elders in Adado and local authorities , said Omar Mohammed Diirey , a regional administration official in central Somalia . He described Tebbutt as "  very tired and pale but fine otherwise . " Somali Information Minister H.E. Abdulkadir Hussein expressed relief at Tebbutt 's release . "  The Somali government will assist in any way it can in the capture and the arrest of the kidnappers who murdered her husband and kept her hostage since September 2011 , " he said , urging assistance from the international community in thwarting the extremism and piracy plaguing the Horn of Africa nation . Tebbutt was abducted from a safari lodge in the popular Kenyan tourist town of Lamu in September . Gunmen fatally shot her husband , David Tebbutt , when he resisted , according to Kenyan police . Judith Tebbutt was spirited away aboard a pirates ' speedboat . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	Judith Tebbutt was abducted by Somali pirates last September Her husband was killed in the raid at a Kenyan beach resort She says she was hugely relieved to be free again
Somewhere in Texas , former President George W. Bush is smiling . Although some Democrats are pleased that taxes will now go up on the wealthiest Americans , the recent deal to avert the fiscal cliff entrenches , rather than dismantles , one of Bush 's signature legacies -- income tax cuts . Ninety-nine percent of American households were protected from tax increases , aside from the expiration of the reduced rate for the payroll tax . In the final deal , Congress and President Barack Obama agreed to preserve most of the Bush tax cuts , including exemptions on the estate tax . When Bush started his term in 2001 , many of his critics dismissed him as a lightweight , the son of a former president who won office as result of his family 's political fortune and a controversial decision by the Supreme Court on the 2000 election . But what has become clear in hindsight , regardless of what one thinks of Bush and his politics , is that his administration left behind a record that has had a huge impact on American politics , a record that will not easily be dismantled by future presidents . The twin pillars of Bush 's record were counterterrorism policies and tax cuts . During his first term , it became clear that Obama would not dismantle most of the homeland security apparatus put into place by his predecessor . Despite a campaign in 2008 that focused on flaws with the nation 's response to 9/11 , Obama has kept most of the counterterrorism program intact . Opinion : The real issue is runaway spending In some cases , the administration continues to aggressively use tactics his supporters once decried , such as relying on renditions to detain terrorist suspects who are overseas , as The Washington Post reported this week . In other areas , the administration has expanded the war on terrorism , including the broader use of drone strikes to kill terrorists . Now come taxes and spending . With regard to the Bush tax cuts , Obama had promised to overturn a policy that he saw as regressive . Although he always said that he would protect the middle class from tax increases , Obama criticized Bush for pushing through Congress policies that bled the federal government of needed revenue and benefited the wealthy . In 2010 , Obama agreed to temporarily extend all the tax cuts . Though many Democrats were furious , Obama concluded that he had little political chance to overturn them and he seemed to agree with Republicans that reversing them would hurt an economy limping along after a terrible recession . Opinion : Time to toot horn for George H.W. Bush With the fiscal cliff deal , Obama could certainly claim more victories than in 2010 . Taxes for the wealthiest Americans will go up . Congress also agreed to extend unemployment compensation and continue higher payments to Medicare providers . But beneath all the sound and fury is the fact that the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts , for most Americans , are now a permanent part of the legislative landscape .  In addition , middle class Americans will breathe a sigh of relief that Congress has permanently fixed the Alternative Minimum Tax , which would have hit many of them with a provision once designed to make sure that the wealthy paid their fair share . As Michigan Republican Rep. Dave Camp remarked , "  After more than a decade of criticizing these tax cuts , Democrats are finally joining Republicans in making them permanent . " Indeed , the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the new legislation will increase the deficit by $ 4 trillion over the next 10 years . The tax cuts have significant consequences on all of American policy . Opinion : Christie drops bomb on GOP leaders Most important , the fact that a Democratic president has now legitimated the moves of a Republican administration gives a bipartisan imprimatur to the legitimacy of the current tax rates . Although some Republicans signed on to raising taxes for the first time in two decades , the fact is that Democrats have agreed to tax rates which , compared to much of the 20th century , are extraordinarily low . Public perception of a new status quo makes it harder for presidents to ever raise taxes on most Americans to satisfy the revenue needs for the federal government . At the same time , the continuation of reduced taxes keeps the federal government in a fiscal straitjacket . As a result , politicians are left to focus on finding the money to pay for existing programs or making cuts wherever possible . New innovations in federal policy that require substantial revenue are just about impossible . To be sure , there have been significant exceptions , such as the Affordable Care Act . But overall , bold policy departures that require significant amounts of general revenue are harder to come by than in the 1930s or 1960s . Republicans thus succeed with what some have called the "  starve the beast " strategy of cutting government by taking away its resources . Since the long-term deficit only becomes worse , Republicans will continue to have ample opportunity to pressure Democrats into accepting spending cuts and keep them on the defense with regards to new government programs . Politics : Are the days of Congress ` going big ' over ? With his income tax cuts enshrined , Bush can rest comfortably that much of the policy world he designed will remain intact and continue to define American politics . Obama has struggled to work within the world that Bush created , and with this legislation , even with his victories , he has demonstrated that the possibilities for change have been much more limited than he imagined when he ran in 2008 or even in 2012 .	Julian Zelizer : For all the criticism Bush got , two key policies have survived He says fiscal cliff pact perpetuates nearly all of Bush 's tax cuts Obama administration has largely followed Bush 's homeland security policy , he says Zelizer : By squeezing revenues , Bush tax cuts will put pressure on spending
CNN  -- Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has conceded the London club 's bid to win a first English Premier League title since 2004 is over following Sunday 's 1-0 defeat at table-topping Manchester City . A second-half goal from Spain midfielder David Silva was enough to send City back above arch-rivals Manchester United at the summit , 12 points ahead of Arsenal in fifth position . "  Unfortunately for us it was a match that we could n't afford to lose because it puts us too much behind City , " the Frenchman told the Premier League 's official website . "  If we had won the game we would have come back to six points , but at the moment we 're too far behind . It will be very difficult to close the gap now but we will try . " Arsenal had won seven of the last eight league games prior to defeat at the Etihad Stadium , climbing back into contention for a top-four finish and a place in the European Champions League . It followed a disastrous start to the season which saw the 13-time English champions hammered 8-2 by United in addition to suffering defeats to Blackburn , Liverpool and north London rivals Tottenham Hotspur in their first seven games . "  This was a match we could n't afford to lose and that 's why it 's difficult to take , " Wenger said . "  On the other hand we will continue to fight and there are a lot of positives . "  We have made a lot of progress since August and the team can be proud of that . The way we played is encouraging , but at the moment we need encouragement and points , and we only got encouragement . " Arsenal faced a defensive injury crisis ahead of Sunday 's match as injuries to the Andre Santos , Kieran Gibbs , Bacary Sagna and Carl Jenkinson left Wenger without a fit fullback . "  I must say we have four fullbacks out and the first injury we get in the game is a fullback . It 's not only down to resources , you can not buy 17 fullbacks anyway . "  That 's why I think we 've been a bit unlucky . But I think it was a match that could 've gone both ways . It was very intense with both teams going for it and I feel we were a bit unfortunate . " Arsenal will look to bounce back from Sunday 's loss in Wednesday 's trip to Aston Villa , while Manchester City host Stoke .	Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says his team are out of the EPL title race London club beaten 1-0 by leaders Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium Sunday 's defeat leaves Arsenal fifth , 12 points behind Roberto Mancini 's City
CNN  -- Usain Bolt 's training partner Kemar Bailey-Cole proved a golden substitute for the six-time Olympic champion by winning the Commonwealth Games 100m title Monday in Glasgow . Bolt is only running the 4x100m relay at the Games , leaving the way clear for Bailey-Coley to underline Jamaica 's strength in depth in sprinting with a superb performance . He held off the challenge of England 's 20-year-old prospect Adam Gemili to win in 10 seconds dead , a world class performance in chilly conditions in the Scottish city . Bailey-Cole 's teammate Nickel Ashmeade took the bronze . Bolt immediately took to Twitter to congratulate his teammates and they will come together over the weekend for the heats and final of the relay , where they will be hot favorites to add to their success at the Olympics and world championships . But Jamaican domination in the women 's sprints was ended by Nigeria 's Blessing Okagbare , who won the 100m title in a Games record 10.85 seconds . Jamaicans Veronica Campbell-Brown and Kerron Stewart were well beaten in second and third with England 's Asha Philip in fourth . Away from the track and field , there were more top class performances in the swimming pool , with South African pair Cameron van der Burgh and Chad le Clos confirming their status as Olympic champions . Van der Burgh won the 50m breaststroke title in a time of 26.76 seconds , just outside the world record , edging out 19-year-old Adam Peaty of England for gold . Le Clos , who beat the great Michael Phelps at the London Games over 200m butterfly , rounded off a superb night of competition at the Tollcross Centre by claiming the 100m title in a Games record of 51.29 seconds . It completed the butterfly double for Le Clos , with 19-year-old Joseph Schooling taking Singapore 's first ever swimming medal at the Games . Adam Barrett of England won the bronze . In the women 's 100m freestyle there was an Australian clean sweep with Cate Campbell and her sister Bronte take gold and silver respectively . Emma McKeon took third . The trio were in the quartet which broke the world 4x100 freestyle relay record last week . The squash competition reached its climax with Malaysia 's Nicol David retaining here Commonwealth singles title by thrashing England 's world champion Laura Massaro in straight games in the women 's final on Monday afternoon . The world number one recovered from a slow start to win 12-10 11-2 11-5 in just 44 minutes . "  It is a great win - probably even more special being the Commonwealth Games gold medal , " said David . David 's male counterpart at the top of the rankings , England 's Nick Matthew , also retained his Commonwealth Games title after a five-game thriller against compatriot James Willstrop . Both men had injury fears going into the competition but shrugged them off in a grueling one hour 40 minute encounter , won 11-9 8-11 11-5 6-11 11-5 by Matthew .	Kemar Bailey-Cole wins 100m title at Commonwealth Games Usain Bolt sat out race but runs in 4x100m relay 2012 Olympic hero Chad le Clos doubles up in swimming pool Nicol David and Nick Matthew claim squash titles
Reluctant approval from Congress for providing military support to Syrian rebels allows the Obama administration to move forward with plans first announced almost six weeks ago . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters on Tuesday that the goal of the military aid expected to include small arms , ammunition and perhaps anti-tank weapons is to keep the Syrian opposition going against forces aligned with President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . Noting al-Assad 's forces have been helped by Hezbollah in Lebanon as well as Iran , Carney said Syrian rebels need the help of the United States and allied nations to withstand an increased assault . "  The aid is intended to help the opposition resist Assad and eventually prevail , " Carney said , adding that any resolution of Syria 's civil war will require a political transition . His comment appeared intended to soften any expectations that the rebels could topple the regime by military means alone . A source , speaking on condition of being identified only as an official , said Monday that President Barack Obama can begin acting on plans for increased Syrian aid first made public last month now that concerns of Congress had been resolved . House Intelligence Committee Chairman Rep. Mike Rogers said Monday that his panel agreed to the administration 's plan for military aid despite reservations about its chances for success . "  After much discussion and review , we got a consensus that we could move forward with what the administration 's plans and intentions are in Syria consistent with committee reservations , " the Michigan Republican said . At a congressional hearing on Tuesday on next year 's defense budget , GOP Rep. Rich Nugent of Florida said he worried that arming Syria rebels today could mean his sons in the military might face those weapons in the future , if they fall into the wrong hands . "  We want to make sure that we do n't put our sons or daughters in any jeopardy particularly as it relates to arming those that we have no idea who they are , " Nugent said . The Obama administration has been reluctant to enter another military engagement , but announced on June 13 that it would provide military support to rebel fighters because al-Assad 's forces had used chemical weapons . Its plans so far stop short of calls by some in Congress , such as veteran Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona , to establish a "  no-fly " zone over Syria . In a letter released Monday , Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey warned U.S. military involvement would likely cost billions of dollars and include a range of risks for the forces involved . Eddie Izzard : In Syrian refugee camps , another day of childhood is lost "  It is no less than an act of war , " Dempsey wrote to Democratic Sen. Carl Levin of Michigan , who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee . The United States has learned from the past 10 years "  that it is not enough to simply alter the balance of military power without careful consideration of what is necessary in order to preserve a functioning state , " Dempsey 's letter said in apparent reference to wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Syrian opposition questions Taliban rebel role McCain , who has long advocated arming Syrian rebels , said Tuesday he was disappointed by Dempsey 's letter . "  Most military experts that I know totally disagree " with Dempsey 's assessment of the size of the task and U.S. capabilities , McCain said . "  The question should be is the status quo acceptable and obviously that is not . " Last month , McCain called for taking out al-Assad 's air assets to create a safe zone for the Syrian opposition . "  I know that we have the military capability to impose a ` no-fly ' zone , to crater their runways and their fixed installations where fuel and parts are , and establish a ` no-fly ' zone with Patriot missiles , " McCain said in June . "  And if we ca n't do that , then the question ought to be asked to the American taxpayer , to the Pentagon , ` What in the world are we wasting tens of billions of dollars for defense for if we ca n't even take care of this situation ? ' " McCain said . Dempsey : Syria intervention is "  act of war " that could cost billions More than 100,000 people have been killed since the Syrian crisis began in March 2011 , while refugees fleeing the conflict threaten to overtax government services and destabilize neighboring Jordan . In Washington , Secretary of State John Kerry met Tuesday with U.N. agencies and other international aid organizations to discuss challenges to addressing what he called a humanitarian crisis . "  We are having a very difficult time being able to access people , move people directly and protect people so we intend to have a very solid , in-depth discussion today about creative ways that we can meet our obligations to human beings who are in huge danger and distress , " Kerry said . He noted his visit this week to a Syrian refugee camp in Jordan where he said he witnessed "  the dramatic and unbelievably moving ways in which people are separated from homes and family , so many people murdered and killed in massacres and yet somehow these people try to pull themselves together . " Sources : U.S. to send small arms , ammo to Syrian rebels	Congressman worries about U.S. arms going to future enemies White House spokesman says military aid is to keep the Syrian opposition going Despite concerns , a House committee chairman offers support for the plan Joint Chiefs Chair Gen. Martin Dempsey : U.S. military involvement could cost billions
CNN  -- Outrage over the possibility that a Van Gogh , Bruegel , or any other treasure at the Detroit Institute of Arts  DIA  could be sold to pay down the city 's debts prompted a Michigan state senator to propose legislation to protect the masterpieces . Under the bill presented Wednesday by Sen. Randy Richardville , any art museum in the state must adhere to a code of ethics set forth by the American Alliance of Museums , which prohibits the sale of pieces unless the money is directed to improving the museum 's collection . The DIA has a similar policy with the city , but the government 's emergency manager has the power to cancel or modify it . The bill came about after Detroit Emergency Manager Kevyn Orr asked the DIA for an inventory list so that its 60,000 pieces could be appraised . The move sparked alarm among residents and museum administrators that the DIA 's collection would be sold to settle the city 's massive $ 15.8 billion debt . "  They basically let us know that the collection was not off the table , " said museum director Graham Beal . Gov. Rick Snyder in March declared a financial emergency exists in Detroit and announced the appointment of Orr to get the city back on solid footing . Although Detroit owns the art displayed in the DIA , Richardville 's bill would provide an extra layer of protection , so that if the city were to file for bankruptcy , none of its art could be sold to satisfy creditors . "  We 're talking about cultural influence for the city of Detroit . It 's a part of the community and part of what makes Detroit , Detroit , " said Richardville . "  It should n't be sold for monetary use . " Bill Nowling , a spokesman for Orr , told CNN that any concern for the art being sold is premature and that the request for an inventory list is simply a precaution . "  There is no plan on the table to sell any asset of the city . The emergency manager continues to look at all options that will help solve the financial crisis the city faces , " Nowling wrote in an e-mail . Nowling conceded that while the city has not made any plans to sell assets , "  it is possible that the city 's creditors could demand the city use its assets to settle its debts . " Beal maintains that DIA 's collection is among the top six in the Western Hemisphere . While he could not specify a value , Beal said it would likely be in the billions of dollars . To sell off its pieces would mean dismantling a collection that has set precedents in the United States , he contends . "  It would be a tragic irony -- the first U.S. museum to acquire a Van Gogh in 1922 and then 90 years later , we sell it ? It 's terrible . " The news that the DIA 's collection may face dismantling prompted response from other museum directors across the country , including Thomas Campbell , director and CEO of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City . Even in the darkest days of New York City 's economic woes , the "  cultural treasures closely identified with -LSB- New York -RSB- ... were never considered an asset that might be cashed in during a crunch , " Campbell said in a statement . "  I am sure that many museum directors around the country would join me in condemning the Detroit emergency manager 's consideration . Art for the public is not interim , fungible , or liquid , " Campbell said . Detroit City Council President Charles Pugh is flatly against any such move , arguing that selling a masterpiece to pay bills does not address the city 's long-term needs . "  If we sell art , it 's a one-time fix . We sell that Van Gogh for $ 30 million , it 's a one-time fix . We did n't fix the structural problem , " said Pugh . Laura Bartell , a bankruptcy law professor at Wayne State University in Detroit , said she believes Orr is just doing his job and that it would be irresponsible for him not to consider what assets Detroit has and what they are worth . "  I do n't think anyone argues that Detroit does not have the legal authority to sell something that Detroit owns . It 's a question of whether Detroit will -- and if Detroit should , " said Bartell . Gov. Snyder has been working with Orr to try to ward off the city 's bankruptcy and the sale of the DIA 's art . However , Snyder admitted that he is not legally empowered to declare the collection hands-off . Beal said he will do anything in his power to protect the art from any kind of depletion . "  We will defend . We will do everything we can to defend the integrity of this collection , " he said . The DIA was founded in 1885 and houses more than 100 galleries , a lecture and recital hall , an art reference library , and a state-of-the-art conservation laboratory , according to the museum 's website . CNN 's Poppy Harlow and Sheila Steffen contributed to this report .	Detroit is in deep debt Officials ask for inventory of art collection in museum That 's raised outcry from those worried about possible sale Spokesman for emergency manager says sale not planned
A Quran teacher in central Somalia was the fifth beheading victim in one week at the hands of Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia . "  The Quran teacher was snatched from his house in Qandho by Al-Shabaab militants on Friday and they dumped his headless , beheaded body near his home town on Saturday morning , " local town spokesman Abdiaziz Durow told CNN . The teacher was identified as Mohamed Hussein , 45 , a resident of the Qandho near the besieged town of Bulo Burde , 217 miles north of Mogadishu in central Somalia . "  The reason the Quran teacher was murdered is that he was one of the few residents that refused orders from Al-Shabaab to leave his village that was recently seized by Somali and AU troops , " Durow said . Al-Shabaab had warned local residents to leave their houses in the towns they have seized , according to Durow . Last week , the militant group abducted and beheaded two Somali policewomen in the city of Teyeglow , located in the southwest region . The beheadings prompted a government soldier whose wife was among the victims to kill five Al-Shabaab wives in retaliation . Al-Shabaab also beheaded two government soldiers near the town of Bur Hakaba in the Bay region in south Somalia . Al-Shabaab is a Somali group that was designated as a foreign terrorist organization by the U.S. government in March 2008 . It is seeking to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state . The group is believed to be responsible for attacks in Somalia that have killed international aid workers , journalists , civilian leaders and African Union peacekeepers .	Officials say Al-Shabaab is responsible for five beheadings The latest was a Quran teacher The terrorist group had demanded people to leave a village
CNN  -- Home favorite Rafael Nadal was watched by a galaxy of football stars as he reached the third round of the Madrid Open with a straight sets win over Ukrainian qualifier Oleksandr Dolgopolov on Wednesday . Real Madrid stars past and present Cristiano Ronaldo , Raul and Zinedine Zidane were courtside at the Caja Magica to see the world number three battle to a 6-4 6-3 win . The second seed , who did not have things all his own way against Dolgopolov , will now face giant U.S. star John Isner , who struggled past Colombian qualifier Santiago Giraldo 1-6 7-6 6-3 . Nadal is playing on home clay in his final tournament before the French Open where he hopes to regain the title , won last year by Roger Federer and claim his fifth grand slam triumph at Roland Garros . Earlier , world number five Andy Roddick 's preparations for the second grand slam of the year suffered a setback as he was forced to pull out of his match against Spain 's Feliciano Lopez with a nasty stomach bug . "  I got here , and then on Sunday night through Monday evening I was up with a stomach virus . I was up for 24 hours vomiting , sweating , the whole deal , " Roddick told the official ATP Tour Web site . Roddick has not played since winning the Miami Masters last month and said the illness had come at just the wrong time . "  It 's very bad timing . I would 've taken this virus any time in the last five weeks instead of now , but I guess that 's the way it goes sometimes , " he said . "  Playing well in Paris is n't totally out of the question , it 's just going to be a little tough , " he added . In the evening session , Britain 's Andy Murray , seeded third showed improved form on clay with a 6-3 6-3 win over Juan Ignacio Chela , his fourth straight win over the Argentine . "  I was pleased with the win , " said Murray . "  I served well and was able to move him around the court . " Meanwhile , Munich Open winner Mikhail Youzhny made an early exit to Latvian Ernest Gulbis 7-6 6-4 and 15th seed Stanislas Wawrinka set up a third-round showdown with world number one and Swiss compatriot Roger Federer after beating Leonardo Mayer , who was down 6-4 4-2 when he retired .	Rafael Nadal reaches third round of the Madrid Masters with straight sets win Nadal was watched by Real Madrid football stars as he beat Oleksandr Dolgopolov World number five Andy Roddick suffers illness scare ahead of French Open Third seed Andy Murray beats Juan Ignacio Chela in straight sets
EW.com  -- "  The Avengers " officially begins filming today , according to a letter posted yesterday by writer-director Joss Whedon at Whedonesque . "  Tomorrow we start shooting , " writes the geek auteur , before adding , "  I THINK I 'm legally permitted to say that . " Whedon does n't offer any hints about the plot of the movie , although he does say that they 'll be shooting "  the pivotal death/betrayal/product placement/setting up the sequel/coming out scene , " which is probably a joke , but a boy can dream , ca n't he ?  Elsewhere in the letter , Whedon says that he 's pretty sure the movie is about the Justice League . "  The Avengers , " currently slated for a May 4 release next year , will unite the lead characters from Marvel 's "  Iron Man , " "  Captain America , " "  Hulk , " and "  Thor " into one mega-adventure .  And remember : If everything goes according to plan , "  The Avengers " will also inspire a few franchises of its own . See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Tomorrow we start shooting , " the geek auteur posted Monday "  The Avengers " is currently slated for a May 4 release next year It will unite the lead characters from "  Iron Man , " "  Captain America , " "  Hulk " and "  Thor "
CNN  -- As water levels already at or above flood stage continue rising in rivers in southwestern Louisiana , the weather forecast says more rain is on the way . But it wo n't be as bad as the torrents that have caused widespread flooding in seven parishes , the National Weather Service predicts . There is about a 20 % to 50 % chance of showers and thunderstorms in much of the region through Monday . Gov. Bobby Jindal declared a state of emergency Thursday afternoon after thunderstorms drenched the state with as much as a foot of rain this week . Hundreds of people have been evacuated . There were no initial reports of injuries . Many rivers in the southwest , closer to Texas , where flooding has been prominent , are still rising and expected to crest over the weekend . At least one is predicted to hit major flood stage . The flood region is a low-lying prairie , and water about thigh-deep spread over a broad region , inundating homes and cars . The town of Eunice has had 12.25 inches of rain since Tuesday , a hydrologist with the National Weather Service said . St. Landry Parish spokeswoman Megan Vizena said 30 % of the area was underwater . Authorities in Franklin , near the Gulf of Mexico , evacuated 118 people after 7 inches of rain washed over some roads and bridges , the weather service said on its website . In Acadia Parish , rescuers saved close to 80 people from rising water , including 20 at an oil well . The National Weather Service said at least two EF-1 tornadoes struck Thursday , one of which damaged 50 homes in St. Martin Parish . A third tornado was sighted in Iberville Parish , according to CNN affiliate WBRZ . Rivers to Louisiana 's southeast , near Mississippi , have also gone over flood stage , but inundation has not been dramatic there . Much of the region is hilly and not as prone to flooding . Those rivers have also already crested , according to NWS data . The heavy rainfall accompanies a broad warming trend covering the southeastern United States and reaching into the Midwest , according to the weather service . Both have the same root cause , said CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri . "  It 's a southerly flow coming over the Gulf of Mexico , " he said . "  It 's a subtropical air mass , " Pedram Javaheri , and can spark thunderstorms as it collides with a cooler front coming over from Texas . 2012 was the warmest year on record for the contiguous 48 states of the United States , according to the National Weather Service . But Javaheri sees no connection between that and the current weather system . Cold weather should return soon , giving the country a normal start into 2013 , he said . Four-fifths of the country will see colder than average temperatures in the third week of January . Watch encores of CNN 's "  The Coming Storms " at 8 and 11 p.m. ET Saturday CNN 's Steve Almasy , Sean Morris and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Rains should not be as bad as the torrents that caused flooding Governor issues state of emergency for all of Louisiana Town of Eunice has had more than 12 inches of rain in three days Authorities have rescued dozens , and many others have evacuated
CNN  -- Congress is back at work . Republicans and Democrats are gauging how much progress the lame duck session will be able to make in the coming weeks . Americans understandably are rolling their eyes , not expecting much from an institution that has been so dysfunctional over the past few years . Will this be like the productive lame duck session after the last midterm election ? In 2010 , Congress passed a tax bill , repealed the "  Do n't Ask Do n't Tell " policy for homosexuals in the military and ratified an arms treaty with Russia . "  We 're not doomed to endless gridlock , " Obama said in praise of Congress then . In the first week of the current lame duck Congress , the House did pass a bill approving construction of the Keystone Pipeline . It 's not clear what the Senate will do when it votes Tuesday . And since the measure takes the Keystone decision out of the hands of the Obama administration , the president could decide to veto it . A productive lame duck session ? Do n't count on it . The same forces that produced a dysfunctional Congress in the past year are fully in place . While there have been times when a lame duck Congress has had a breakthrough , it would take a miracle for this to become one of those moments . Both parties have been dug in for the last year and the political pressure to stand their ground is only going to intensify . Republicans know they will have more leverage to get a better deal with their increased representation starting in January , while Democrats do n't want to use their last month with control of the Senate to give away the store . For a brief time , Congress had virtually eliminated the lame duck period . In 1932 , Congress passed the 20th Amendment , that switched the start date of Congress from March 4 to January 3 , which was ratified by the states the following year . The practice of Congress passing bills after elections had frequently infuriated members of the minority party who believed that their colleagues , some of whom had lost their seats , were making decisions regardless of the democratic will . Most members of Congress assumed that starting the session earlier would do the trick since members would be reluctant to travel long distances just for the few weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas . This was in the era when long-distance travel was not easy . For several decades , the amendment served its function . Other than an emergency situation , such as the onset of the Korean War in 1950 , Congress did n't do any business in the period after the election . But that ended later in the century . The advent of cheap airline travel made it easier for legislators to get back and forth quickly . Starting in 1970 , and accelerating in 1994 , Congress treated the post-election period like a normal time of business . Congress began making some big decisions in the interim period . In 1982 , for instance , shortly after Democrats walloped the GOP in the midterm elections , the House voted to award itself a retroactive pay raise . In 1994 , after Newt Gingrich and his fellow Republicans had shocked Washington by taking back control of the House and Senate for the first time since 1954 , Congress passed the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade . Four years later , House Republicans inflamed partisan tensions by voting to impeach President Bill Clinton . In 2002 , following a brutal midterm election when many Democrats were skewered for being "  weak on defense " after 9/11 , Congress created the Department of Homeland Security . We certainly should n't expect any big breakthroughs in the coming weeks . But as long as members of Congress are back they should try to make some incremental progress , given that the midterms were as much an act of protest against Washington as an act of protest against President Obama . Most important , the departing Congress should try to resolve the routine business that has been ignored . At the top of the list would be passing omnibus spending legislation , rather than continuing resolutions , so that the government does not face a risk of being shut down . It should confirm some executive and judicial branch appointments . Congress must also make sure that important tax cuts , such as credits for energy efficient homes , do n't expire . The second goal should be to start working on loophole-closing tax reform . Cleaning up the inequitable and inefficient components of the tax code is something that both parties have been talking about for a long time . While it is unlikely Congress would finish this work during the lame duck period , starting the process would be a great advance . Tax reform is a way to make the tax burden more equitable and to raise more revenue for the government , by closing loopholes without having to raise rates . There is also considerable support in both parties for overhauling the corporate tax code . The third important decision would be to boost funding for the fight against Ebola . The president proposed that Congress authorize $ 6.2 billion for the effort in Africa as well as the United States . Given all the attention to this issue before the midterm election this would be a natural topic to address . Republican Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee said that even small measures would help "  build trust " for the coming year . "  You need to have some small victoriesâ $ " or victoriesâ $ " to build trust " But small victories are difficult within the polarized world of Capitol Hill . We should n't expect much from Congress . Issues like immigration or climate change will have to be left to the realm of executive power . But sometimes small steps can be the best path toward progress . Let 's see what this Congress can do .	Congress is meeting in lame duck session with some big items to tackle Julian Zelizer says past lame duck sessions have proved productive , but this time is different He says parties are dug in on major issues and may be reluctant to compromise now Zelizer : Congress could get a head start on tax reform that would close loopholes
CNN  -- Imagine the top three things that might make you happier and more productive at the office . I bet larger lunch tables did n't make your list . But that and a few other small but concrete steps like overlapping lunch breaks and moving coffee stations can improve workplace morale and productivity by as much as 25 % , according to Ben Waber , a research scientist and CEO of Sociometric Solutions , a management consulting firm . "  If you go to a company and tell them you will increase their productivity by 25 % , they will expect that they have to completely reorganize , " Waber told me last week at the Aspen Ideas Festival . But a total reorganization is n't necessary , according to Waber 's research , which first began in 2006 when he was a doctoral student at MIT Media Lab 's Human Dynamics Laboratory . Scientists at the MIT Media Lab consider ways in which technology might enhance the human experience .  Though Waber co-founded his company last year , he continues his research at MIT and Harvard . Waber and his team use a method they call "  reality mining " to come up with insights about work productivity and satisfaction . Reality mining may appear to be more science fiction than fact , but from our cell phones to e-mail to work ID badges , we leave behind constant trails of information about ourselves . Stand up and live longer Analyzing raw data derived from specially designed social sensing ID badges that collect quantitative data on human behavior , Waber began drawing out patterns to help predict outcomes in a variety of situations . His early experiments involved observing speed dating sessions and pitches to venture capitalists . "  We found in our studies that we had incredible predictive power , " says Waber . "  In the speed dating experiment , with five minutes of data we could predict with 85 % accuracy whether people were going to go out on a date . " Waber went on to combine the data from the social sensing ID badges with other data sources -- e-mail and instant messaging patterns , phone logs , and meeting informationâ $ " and selected data features that related to job performance and satisfaction , and how people communicate and collaborate . He then began to test those features across dozens of companies in different industries . "  Eventually we found the same trends recurring over and over again , making it highly unlikely that our findings were a coincidence . " Waber 's research revealed that the key to transformation in the workplace is "  social levers " -- small changes that people respond to in dramatic ways . Act on these social levers in the right way and you will get big results . Author : Do n't check your emotions at the workplace door What are some important social levers ? Having a tight-knit group that you can commiserate with is a critical one , says Waber . It is evident across companies and cultures : A tight group enables employees to vent and gain support . It also allows for the exchange of complex information and tips . The size of your network matters as well . In one project , Waber and his team observed workers in a lunchroom with tables of varying sizes -- some with four seats and others with 10 to 12 seats . The lunch groups remained fairly stable over time . "  We found that the people who sat at the larger tables had substantially higher performance , " observes Waber . This is because they had created a much bigger network to tap into . Over the course of the week , they saw the same people again and again . Consequently , they often knew what these colleagues were working on and could go to them if they had a problem . The employees at the smaller tables , on the other hand , had smaller networks and less opportunity to interact . The diversity within your network also matters , the team discovered . Waber finds that people tend to spend time with those who are similar to them . "  Whether it 's gender , race or the school you went to , there are many different ways we break ourselves into groups . " For a healthier work life , get off your duff ! But it 's important to break out of your comfort zone , expand your network and connect with broader groups . What makes people more innovative and productive is having different connections in a variety of social groups , according to their research . If all your friends are similar and have the same opinions , preferences and habits , there are n't many new ideas coming in . Branch out and talk to people in groups you would n't normally talk to , suggests Waber . It does n't have to be through a formal mechanism . "  It can be through bumping into people by the coffee machine . Just standing there and chatting gives you new perspective . Our research shows that chance encounters make people more effective . " Waber recommends taking time every day to walk around , check in with people and say hello . Workers who are more physically active are more excited , emotive and engaged in their work . This drives up energy levels and makes people more productive and happy , he says . The physical environment is also a huge social lever . Waber finds that companies often do n't think strategically about the people they want interacting with each other . "  If you are stuck in an office far away from everyone you work with , it 's unlikely that you will be talking to anyone else . " Your location can affect morale and productivity , as can a workplace where everyone sits in their offices with the doors closed . You need to have the right groups bumping into and talking to each other . One final social lever : Reduce e-mail ! "  The more e-mail you engage in , the less effective you are , " says Waber . "  People think being on the computer is the same as being face to face . That 's a fallacy . " E-mail and instant messaging are not universally bad , he says , but if we rely on them too much and do n't take the time to interact with people on a personal level , we will pay the price . There is a pervasive belief in our society that in order to be productive , we need to be chained to our desks with our heads down . But Waber 's research begs to differ . As it turns out , the secret to effectiveness and happiness at work might just be communication , friendship and social interaction . Go figure . What would make you happier at work ? Are you more productive when lots of people are around , or when you 're on your own ? Share your opinion in the comments section below .	Researcher Ben Waber says the secret to workplace happiness is as simple as rearranging the office Lessening e-mails , increasing personal interaction can lead to greater productivity Waber 's team found that the larger your social circle at work , the more productive you are Waber suggests circulating around the office and chatting up strangers
CNN  -- Fire up the griddle ! Much of a huge cache of maple syrup snatched from a Quebec storage facility has been recovered , police say . Three people have been arrested and five others are being sought in connection with the theft from a warehouse in Saint-Louis-de-Blandford , Quebec Provincial Police said in a statement Tuesday . The theft occurred between August 2011 and July 2012 , police said . Two-thirds of the syrup was recovered , according to a police statement . The Federation of Quebec Maple Syrup Producers , which bills itself as keeper of the global strategic maple syrup reserve , said in August that up to 10 million pounds of the sweet stuff was in the warehouse from which the theft occurred but could not say exactly how much was missing . The total value of all the syrup in the warehouse was put at $ 30 million . The theft was discovered during a routine inventory check of the warehouse , which "  had been secured by a fence and locks , and visited regularly , " federation president Serge Beaulieu said in a statement in August . The barrels that originally contained the syrup were empty , meaning it was somehow transferred to other containers to complete the theft , the federation said . Police said Tuesday that they had seized vehicles that were used to transport the stolen sticky stuff as well as carts , lifts , scales and kettles . They said their investigation of the thefts covered the provinces of Quebec , New Brunswick and Ontario as well as the northern United States . Almost 300 people were interviewed as part of the investigation , police said . As much as 80 % of the world 's maple syrup comes from Quebec , the federation says .	Police say two-thirds of a huge cache of stolen maple syrup has been recovered It was snatched from a Quebec storage facility between August 2011 and July 2012 Five others are being sought in connection with the crime Police say they seized vehicles that carried the syrup , as well as carts , lifts , scales and kettles
CNN  -- In a presidential primary season distinguished so far by the absence of substantive debates , the controversy over whether Mitt Romney and his partners at Bain Capital should be considered job creators or job destroyers raises a profoundly important issue . Beyond the concerns about the loss of American jobs to off-shoring or automation and the food-fight tactics of Romney 's rivals is a legitimate question about what kind of capitalism 21st century Americans should want . The choice is between "  stakeholder capitalism " and "  shareholder capitalism . " According to the theory of stakeholder capitalism , corporations are and should be quasi-public entities with responsibilities to the nation-state and to the communities in which they are embedded . The corporation should make a profit and provide a fair return to investors . At the same time , workers who contribute their labor to the company have a legitimate interest in it as well as investors who provide capital . Managers serve the company and the country , not merely the investors . In the theory of "  shareholder capitalism , " the corporation exists solely for the purpose of the investors , whom the managers serve as agents . In shareholder capitalism , short-term profits are the only goal , and if that means laying off workers instead of retraining them or reassigning them , breaking up the company and selling the assets to enrich private equity partners and shareholders , so be it . The stakeholder conception of the firm is still the norm in Europe and East Asia , as it was in mid-20th century America . But beginning in the 1970s , the shareholder conception of capitalism prevailed in the United States . From the perspective of shareholder theory , private equity firms like Romney 's are promoting efficiency , even as they make short-term profits by dismantling or destroying companies and laying off their workers . From the different perspective of stakeholder capitalism , the emphasis on short-term profits for investors at the expense of all other considerations , including the well-being of employees and local communities , has been a tragic mistake . What are the implications ? If America continues to favor shareholder capitalism , there is no guarantee that policies to favor American business will preserve or create jobs or help anyone other than investors . On the other hand , if the United States were to move away from shareholder capitalism toward stakeholder capitalism , the law might limit hostile takeovers of companies or require workers and even local governments to have a say in corporate decisions . In some cases this might preserve jobs and factories at the expense of innovation and efficiency . As a practitioner of the shareholder capitalism of the last generation , Mitt Romney as president would probably support policies that assume that the short-term interests of investors like Bain are identical to the long-term interests of the economy . By the same token , he would probably resist policies that increased the influence of managers , workers and local communities over companies at the expense of shareholders and financiers . Nominated as secretary of Defense by President Eisenhower in 1953 , former General Motors CEO Charles "  Engine Charlie " Wilson , a symbol of old-fashioned stakeholder capitalism , told the Senate that "  I thought what was good for the country was good for General Motors and vice versa . " Does Mitt Romney , today 's symbol of shareholder capitalism , believe that what is good for Bain is good for America ? If he wins his party 's nomination and this year 's presidential election , Americans will find out . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter , and share your opinions on the 2012 election with CNN iReport . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Michael Lind	Michael Lind asks : What kind of capitalism should 21st century Americans want ? The choice is between "  stakeholder capitalism " and "  shareholder capitalism " He says Mitt Romney is today 's symbol of shareholder capitalism Lind asks : Does Romney believe what is good for Bain is good for America ?
CNN  -- Filled with regret , Kelley Fielder wishes she would have tried to stop them . She was Amanda Miller 's best friend . Amanda and her husband , Jerad Miller , had moved from Indiana to Las Vegas and for two weeks had been living with Fielder . Jerad was always going off , she recalled , spewing anti-government rants . He filled his Facebook page with political cartoons that mocked police and other authorities . A recent post read : ` We must ... prepare for war . " Then something really disturbing . Around 5:45 Sunday morning , Fielder told CNN , the couple were awake . They had a cart full of ammunition . What were they doing ? she asked . They told her they were "  going underground , " Fielder said . "  The revolution has begun , " Jerad Miller told Fielder . "  I should have called the cops , " she said Monday . "  I 'm so , so , so sorry -- to everybody . I 'm sorry . " On Tuesday , Carie Stichter , Jerad Miller 's mother , released a statement . "  We wish to express our greatest sympathies , thoughts and prayers to the families who have lost their loved ones in this horrible act of violence . We are profoundly saddened , confused and in shock over the senseless actions of our son and his wife . We ask that the media respect our family 's privacy during this ... difficult time . " Bystander went after Jerad Miller Within hours of Fielder 's exchange with Amanda , 22 , and Jerad , 31 , the couple had shot to death two police officers and a bystander who apparently tried stop their rampage . That man , Joseph Wilcox , was with Jeremy Tanner , a longtime friend at a Las Vegas Walmart when the Millers walked through the door . Tanner recalled seeing Jerad Miller come into the store , seeing Miller dressed in some kind of fatigues and wearing gear . Tanner had to very quickly process what was happening . He heard Miller shout , "  This is the beginning of the revolution ! Everybody get out ! You will be shot ! " Tanner looked at his friend Wilcox . He knew Wilcox had a concealed carry permit and sometimes had a gun on him . Customers and staff were fleeing the store . Wilcox "  had the option to go left to exit the store to safety , " Tanner told CNN . But he chose not to leave . Wilcox instead stayed inside and confronted Jerad Miller , Tanner said . Tanner told CNN his friend was unaware that Jerad Miller was with Amanda Miller . Wilcox was shot , authorities said . The couple retreated toward the back of the store , where police closed in . Amanda Miller shot her husband and then herself , police said . They both died . It was hours before Tanner was told that his friend was killed . He is devastated , he told CNN . Sunday 's violence made him "  ashamed for the human race ... that people just have total disrespect for themselves and other people . " He ca n't stop thinking about it . What if he 'd changed his schedule a little bit that day ? What if he and his friend had not been in that Walmart at that time ? "  You never expect it , " he said . "  It 's something you see on TV , in the movies . ... " Wilcox 's 18-year-old sister , C.J. Foster , told CNN that she felt her brother was brave for attempting to interfere . "  I 'm very proud of him , " she told CNN . "  I would have never done it . I would have never . I would have froze in place probably and the fact that he just rushed in after and tried to save those people , it was heroic . " Who were the victims ? Two officers slain Wilcox was the Millers ' third victim . Their rampage began when they walked into a CiCi 's Pizza place around 11:30 a.m. in a non-glitzy part of the city where two police officers were having lunch . The couple shot Igor Soldo , 31 , in the back of the head , and Alyn Beck , 41 , took a bullet to the neck , authorities said . On Tuesday , Beck friend Tracy Smith remembered the officer in an opinion piece for CNN.com . Officer Beck was kind and funny , intelligent , a tireless worker and a devoted husband and father of three . He loved his dog , Marty , she wrote . Soldo was married and had a baby . The Millers placed a "  Do n't Tread on Me " flag and a Nazi swastika on one officer 's body , authorities told reporters Tuesday . On the other officer 's body , authorities said , a note was pinned . It read something to the effect of , "  This is the beginning of the revolution , " Second Assistant Sheriff Kevin McMahill told reporters . "  We do n't necessarily believe that they are white supremacists or associated with the Nazi movement . We believe that they equate government and law enforcement ... with Nazis , " McMahill said . "  In other words , they believe that law enforcement is the oppressor . " "  I just sat down to have lunch . The officers were sitting in front of me , at the table right next to me , and this man came in out of nowhere , " witness Sheree Burns told CNN affiliate KTNV . "  I thought he was going to get a drink , the way he walked up and walked past them , " she said . "  And then he turned around , pulled a gun on his right and shot the bald officer in front of me . " The pair took the officers ' guns and ammunition , McMahill told reporters . As the Millers walked out of the CiCi 's , they passed Alvaro Lopez . "  They had a backpack , and I saw a gun in their hand , " Lopez told CNN affiliate KLAS . "  He just told me to tell the cops that it was a revolution and that he 'd just killed two cops inside CiCi 's . " McMahill confirmed that the Millers said something about a revolution while leaving the pizzeria . Opinion : Right-wing extremists strike again A search for why Police are still in the early stages of their investigation . They say they think that the couple acted alone and that the officers shot were targeted at random , authorities said Monday . "  What precipitated this event , we do not know , " Sheriff Doug Gillespie said . "  My officers were simply having lunch . " Investigators searched an apartment late Sunday night that was thought to be where the couple lived . They were going through the couple 's social media postings , McMahill said Monday . Police also recovered hundreds of rounds of ammunition from the couple 's backpacks at Walmart , suggesting they were prepared for a lengthy gunbattle , he added . "  There is no doubt that the suspects have some apparent ideology that 's along the lines of militia and white supremacists , " McMahill said . Who were the Millers ? A woman who says she lived near the couple told KTNV that the married couple liked to dress up as the villainous "  Batman " characters Joker and Harley Quinn . The neighbor , Krista Koch , told the station the man also sometimes dressed as Slenderman , a fictional horror character that recently surfaced in the stabbing of a 12-year-old girl in Wisconsin . Ghoulish stabbing raises question : Who is Slenderman ? Koch also told the station the couple had told her they were going to carry out an attack , but she thought they were "  crazy , " so she dismissed what they said . McMahill told reporters he 'd heard unconfirmed reports the pair spoke to a neighbor about the attack before it happened . "  You know we have the ` see something , say something ' campaign , " he said , urging people to call police when something does n't feel right . "  We need to hear about those times when individuals or groups of individuals are talking about going out and committing acts of violence -- whether it 's against the police or anybody else in our community , " McMahill said . "  We need to hear from our citizens . They 're the best eyes and ears that we have out there . " Canada shooting : Suspect yelled ` I 'm done ' at time of arrest Authorities : Courthouse attacker prepared to inflict mayhem CNN 's Jack Hannah , Stephanie Elam and Kyung Lah reported from Las Vegas ; CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz , Matthew Stucker and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Mother of shooter Jerad Miller says families are "  profoundly saddened , confused " Woman the Millers were living with in Las Vegas regrets not calling police before rampage Friend of victim Joseph Wilcox says his friend went into a store to try to stop the Millers
CNN  -- Real Madrid confirmed the signing of Fabio Coentrao from Benfica on Tuesday , with the Portugal international signing a six-year deal . The 23-year-old defender is the fifth new signing to arrive at the Bernabeu since the off-season transfer window opened with the culmination of the most recent league campaign . The left-back , who was one of his country 's stand-out performers at the 2010 World Cup , said it was a dream come true to join the nine-time European champions . "  Every footballer dreams of playing for Real Madrid , " the defender told Real 's official web site . "  I wanted to since I was a child . I used to imagine playing for this team . It was my dream and it has now come true . I hope to earn continuity and to show people I 'm ready to play here . " The move will see Coentrao link up with his compatriot Jose Mourinho , the head coach who led Los Blancos to second place in the Spanish First Division last season . "  He is the best coach in the world , " Coentrao said of the former Chelsea and Inter Milan boss . "  It makes me proud to have the chance to work with him . " Coentrao , who previously played in Spain during a loan spell with Real Zaragoza in 2008 , has played for Portugal on 12 occasions since making his debut in 2009 . Coentrao joins fellow new arrivals at Real , Turkish international duo Nuri Sahin and Hamit Altintop , who moved from Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich respectively . Winger Jose Callejon has arrived from Espanyol and young French defender Raphael Varane has been signed from Lens . Elsewhere , Manchester City completed their second signing of the week after Roberto Mancini 's team announced the acquisition of Montenegro defender Stefan Savic . The 20-year-old joins the City of Manchester Stadium outfit from Partizan Belgrade on a four-year contract . Savic 's arrival comes just two days after the Citizens completed a deal for left-back Gael Clichy , who moved from English Premier League rivals Arsenal . The center-back faced a number of his new teammates during Montenegro 's 0-0 draw with England in October 2010 , and is looking forward to working with so many international players . "  I never imagined that I 'd be teammates with all those City players within a year and I 'm so happy to be at this club , " Savic told City 's web site . "  I watch the Premier League all the time and I know it 's the place to be so I am just looking forward to helping this club achieve great things . We have an incredible stadium and I 've seen how passionate the City fans are many times on TV . "  Montenegro play England later this year so I 'm expecting to have some great banter with the England lads . I 'm just really happy to be a City player . " There was also transfer activity at Inter Milan on Wednesday , as they agreed a deal with Argentine team Velez Sarsfield for attacker Ricardo Alvarez . Inter have agreed to pay $ 17m for 90 % of the 23-year-old 's contract with an option to purchase the remaining 10 % at a later date , according to Velez 's web site . Meanwhile , Scottish champions Rangers have completed a deal for Almeria 's Juan Manuel Ortiz . The 29-year-old former Atletico Madrid winger has signed a three-year contract at Ibrox .	Real Madrid have completed the signing of Portugal defender Fabio Coentrao Coentrao will join from Benfica for a fee believed to be in the region of $ 43 million NEW : Manchester City have announced the arrival of Stefan Savic from Partizan Belgrade
CNN  -- Pop star Madonna and her adopted son met with the young boy 's biological father in Malawi as the singer awaited a court decision on whether she could adopt a girl from the same country , her publicist said Tuesday . Madonna holds her adopted Malawian son , David Banda , in 2007 . Liz Rosenberg said in a statement that Madonna and her son David met Monday with David 's birth father , Yohanne Banda , for the first time since the young boy was adopted in 2006 . "  Madonna is committed to maintaining an ongoing relationship with David 's Malawian roots , " Rosenberg said . The publicist also confirmed , in the first public acknowledgment of what has been reported for weeks , that Madonna has filed an application "  to adopt Mercy James , a 3-year-old girl Madonna met two years ago in an orphanage that she visited . " A spokeswoman for Malawi 's attorney general told CNN that the singer appeared Monday in court in that country , one of the poorest nations in the world , for a hearing on whether she would be allowed to adopt the girl . Madonna is to return to court Friday to hear the judge 's decision in the matter , spokeswoman Zione Ntaba said . The child 's family will have to give their permission for the adoption to proceed , according to Martin Geissler , a reporter for the ITN television network who is in Malawi . Madonna has been involved with Malawi for several years . She made a documentary , "  I Am Because We Are , " which highlighted poverty , AIDS and other diseases devastating that country 's children . She also helps run a nonprofit , Raising Malawi , which implements initiatives to help the needy in the southeastern African nation .	David Banda reunited with dad for first time since his adoption Publicist confirms singer 's application to adopt Mercy James Judge will rule on whether adoption can go forward Friday
Mental Floss  -- The men 's NCAA Division I hoops championship game is tonight , and we ca n't tell you whether UConn or Butler is going to win . We can predict two things , though . The winning team will cut down the nets . And CBS will show a highlight montage set to the song "  One Shining Moment . " Let 's take a look at the origins of these traditions . Who 's responsible for college teams cutting down the nets after big wins ? North Carolina State coach Everett Case did n't realize he was starting a trend in 1947 . He just wanted a souvenir . USAToday 's Michael Gluskin wrote a terrific piece on the origins of college hoops ' net-cutting tradition in 2005 . According to Gluskin , Coach Case was so delighted with the Wolfpack 's Southern Conference title win that he decided to cut down the nets as souvenirs . Of course , being a pioneer can be tough . Since Case was the first coach to cut down the nets , arena workers did n't have a ladder at the ready for his big moment . Instead , his players had to hoist their coach onto their shoulders as he did his snipping . Case might not have been the true inventor of the net-cutting tradition , though . While he deservedly gets credit for being the college coach who popularized the net-cutting ritual , some sources -- including Tim Peeler 's "  Legends of N.C. State Basketball " -- claim Case actually brought the tradition with him from Indiana , where he 'd been a hugely successful high school coach before coming to Raleigh to coach the Wolfpack . Either way , cutting down the nets may have remained an obscure Hoosier State tradition had Case not brought the practice to the national stage . Mental Floss : Who invented the Gatorade shower ? What about the other big postgame tradition , the tourney highlight montage set to "  One Shining Moment " ? Glad you asked . Any hoops fan can tell you that the song is pretty cheesy and more than a little over-the-top . It 's also one of the best parts of CBS ' annual coverage of the Final Four . Where the heck did "  One Shining Moment " come from , and why do we only hear it once a year ? To be fair , there are really only so many opportunities to play a slightly sappy song about basketball . Peter Hyman of The New York Times wrote a profile on David Barrett , the composer of the tune , in 2007 . The song is actually the product of an ill-fated attempt to woo a woman . In 1986 , Barrett was an unknown 31-year-old folk singer when he went to a bar in East Lansing , Michigan , to watch a Boston Celtics game . When a beautiful waitress sat down next to him after her shift , Barrett decided to spark conversation by chatting about Larry Bird 's hoops abilities . Believe it or not , the singer 's ploy did n't work . Barrett told Hyman that he resolved to write a tune that could show the waitress who snubbed him just how beautiful basketball could be . The next morning he wrote the song on a napkin in 20 minutes . Mental Floss : College bowl game economics The song might have faded into oblivion as one of the odder "  I 'll show them all ! " pipedreams a folk singer has ever had . Barrett had a well-placed buddy , though . Journalist Armen Keteyian had been a high school classmate of Barrett 's , and he passed a demo tape of the song around to network producers . CBS liked the song and bought it for use in a highlight package it planned to air after Super Bowl XXI .  Yes , the iconic hoops song was very nearly a football song .  The package did n't make the final cut when the broadcast ran long , but the network revived it following the 1987 Final Four . The package with "  One Shining Moment " was a huge hit , and CBS has kept it around ever since . Barrett provided the vocals for the original version of the song , but some big names have belted out the tune since . Teddy Pendergrass took over vocal duties for a few years in the 90s before Luther Vandross recorded his own version . Jennifer Hudson sang the song for last year 's championship package , but fans roundly criticized her version .  It 's worth noting , though , that fans were mostly irked that producers had inserted so many shots of Hudson in the highlight montage ; nobody 's debating that Hudson 's a tremendous singer . Mental Floss : Facts about all 68 tournament teams For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	N.C. State coach Everett Case wanted a souvenir when he cut nets down in 1947 Players hoisted their coach onto their shoulders as he did his snipping . David Barrett composed "  One Shining Moment " in 1986 after failing to woo a woman Teddy Pendergrass , Luther Vandross and Jennifer Hudson have sang the lyrics
CNN  -- We can spend the next few years beating ourselves up and debating the proposition that George W. Bush saved Iraq and Barack Obama lost it . Or we can get real and try to sort out what we can do now to protect U.S. interests in a region that 's melting down . Iraq was never the U.S. 's to win . That point -- along with lowered expectations and focused goals -- must be the basis of any new approach to the region . And here are three reasons . 1 . Demography : There are two factors that nations -- even functional ones  and Iraq is not  -- ca n't alter : What they are -- their demography ; and where they are -- their geography . Iraq has been dealt an unhappy hand in both departments . There is , to be sure , a sense of Iraq national identity . But at the same time the end of Saddam Hussein 's cruel rule -- for which the U.S. is responsible -- opened up a Pandora 's box of sectarian tensions and expectations -- for which the U.S. is partly responsible -- that have never been adequately addressed . In essence , the U.S. overturned a brutal minority Sunni rule and enabled Shia majority rule . The ins became the outs , and the outs the ins . And guess what ? Despite several successful elections , $ 25 billion from the U.S. to train and equip the Iraqi military , and another trillion in support of the Nuri al-Maliki government , Iraq never equitably distributed political and economic power . Sunnis became disenfranchised , angry and vulnerable to jihadi persuasions ; Shia sought to get even , get ahead and maintain a privileged position ; and Kurds sought to protect their own interests and effectively create a separate governing authority . Iraq these days is n't so much a nation as it is a collection of battling sectarian groups , each seeking advantage at the expense of the Iraqi state . 2 . Geography : Iraq 's neighbors , particularly Iran and Saudi Arabia , do not share America 's vision of an equitably balanced and independent polity . Each of them has its own vision . Iraq has become a pawn in a regional competition between Sunnis and Shia and Arabs and Persians . Iran wants a weak , stable Iraq not aligned with the West , under Shia influence . The Saudis want al-Maliki out and are happy that the militant group Islamic State in Iraq and Syria may provide that opportunity , even as they fear the jihadists . They want Sunnis empowered and Iran disempowered . Turkey has made its peace with the Iraqi Kurds and hopes to get them to moderate the radical tendencies of those in Syria , but really has no answer to the ISIS contagion . Jordan is vulnerable to ISIS too , but ca n't exercise much influence in Iraq . And that leaves Syria . The regime of Bashar al-Assad is aligned with both Iran and al-Maliki , and -- likely under Tehran 's encouragement -- has begun to use military force against ISIS along the Syria-Iraq border . All this regional maneuvering reflects the reality that the neighbors ' interests will continue to trump America 's by virtue of their proximity , their influence in Iraq , and the reality that Iraq is more vital to them than it is to us . 3 . Syria : Iraq ca n't be stabilized without dealing with Syria . And to date , the U.S. -- by default the only power that remotely has the capacity to alter the course of the civil war there -- has been unable and unwilling to do that . The ISIS threat may prompt a review of the Obama administration 's Syria policy , but we should be under no illusions that Washington is ready to jump in with a comprehensive political , economic , and military strategy to end the conflict . Indeed , the United States will be faced with some tough choices . It may find itself in the odd position of ramping up support for the more moderate Sunni rebels in Syria but also striking ISIS . That means we will be trying to weaken al-Assad on one hand , but indirectly strengthening him on the other by attacking a common enemy . Under no circumstances should the Obama administration commit to trying to put two broken nations back together again . Bottom line is that the real challenge is ISIS , which is likely to remain ensconced in parts of Syria and Iraq . What should Obama do ? First let 's be clear about what he should n't do . The United States needs to abandon any illusions that it can transform or find an easy way out of the situation . It is stuck in a region that it ca n't fix or leave . There is n't a single problem in this region that has a comprehensive or definitive solution . Instead , the U.S. should accept the reality that it will be dealing with outcomes , not happy endings , there . Iraq may never be a unified polity , but it need not necessarily be a failed one . The question is , can we shape these outcomes to our advantage ? Bush 43 tried to do too much ; Obama too little . Is there a balance ? The U.S. needs at least three different but related approaches : 1 . Coordinate with regional partners . Sure , in the case of Iran , it 's like putting the fox in charge of the chicken coop . But the U.S. ca n't begin to deal with ISIS on its own . Iran is the key external power in Iraq . And Turkey , Jordan and Saudi Arabia have a stake in stopping ISIS 's advances . The U.S. may have to accept the reality that the evil al-Assad is a hedge against ISIS , even though his policies helped to facilitate its rise . 2 . Think diplomacy first , then military force . You need the first to make the second effective . That coordination must try to produce a more acceptable political arrangement in Baghdad , with or without al-Maliki . Without the Iraqi government regaining Sunni support , ISIS will continue to roll . And this means some new and more inclusive political arrangement in Baghdad to share power . Forget democracy and making Iraq whole . To bring Sunnis around and check ISIS , we may have to not only concede influence to Iran but also to some pretty bad Sunnis , including former Saddam supporters and insurgents . 3 . The U.S. will need to do what it can to buck up the Iraqi military . This could easily lead to sending additional advisers , but under no circumstances should it involve the use of combat forces . We may well have to use airstrikes and drones against ISIS . And this is tricky , because it risks feeding jihadi sentiment . That 's why a new political arrangement is mandatory . But even without it , the United States must face the reality that ISIS -- with money , passports , and a base of operations -- will emerge as a threat to our friends in the region , to Europe and ultimately to us . We should n't run scared . ISIS 's own ideology will produce a counterreaction among Iraqis who will oppose its harsh , unforgiving ideology . Indeed as the International Crisis Group points out , ISIS is its own worst enemy . The region is littered with the remains of failed jihadi efforts , including al Qaeda central . In 2013 , there were 17,800 global fatalities as a result of terrorist attacks . Only 16 of those were Americans . Terror is not a strategic threat to the homeland right now . But it may well require a coordinated counterterror effort with our regional and international partners to prevent it from becoming one .	Aaron Miller : Debating what went wrong in Iraq not useful ; protecting U.S. interests now is Iraq is complex , he says , with sectarian groups at odds , neighbors with own interests He says U.S. must work with Iraq 's neighbors , even al-Assad , to halt ISIS . Democracy can wait Miller : U.S. must help right Iraqi military , but without combat forces . Point is to check terror
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Reeva Steenkamp told Oscar Pistorius she was afraid of him and his temper less than three weeks before he shot and killed her , the judge in his murder trial was told Monday . "  I 'm scared of you sometimes , of how you snap at me , " the South African model told Pistorius in a long chat message . "  You have picked on me incessantly , " she wrote , calling Pistorius "  nasty " after he apparently accused her of flirting with someone at a party . "  I was not flirting with anyone today and I feel sick that you suggested that , " she told him via WhatsApp , according to the police officer who downloaded their chats after Pistorius shot and killed her . "  You do everything to throw tantrums , " she said , concluding the message : "  I 'm certainly very unhappy and sad . " Police Capt. Francois Moller , who downloaded the messages from Steenkamp 's iPhone , said that 90 % of the chats between the two were normal and loving . But there were several that accused Pistorius of jealousy and possessiveness . Less than a week before he killed her , she wrote him another long message after he apparently lost his temper with her as they left a public event together . She reached the exit before he did , she wrote , adding : "  I did n't think you would criticize me for doing that , especially so loudly that others could hear ... . I regard myself as a lady and I did n't feel like one after we left . " Pistorius admits that he killed Steenkamp , firing four shots through a closed door in his house in the early hours of February 14 , 2013 . Three hit her , with the last one probably killing her almost instantly , according to the pathologist who performed the autopsy . But Pistorius says he thought she was a nighttime intruder in his pitch-black house and believed he was firing in self-defense . He pleaded not guilty to murder . Read the messages ` Terrified screaming ' Moller 's testimony came after a neighbor of Pistorius said on the witness stand that she heard "  terrified , terrified screaming " the morning the Olympian killed his girlfriend . Questioned by prosecutor Gerrie Nel , Anette Stipp said she awoke early the morning of February 14 , 2013 , and heard "  terrified , terrified screaming ... It sounds to me as if there 's a family murder , why else would she scream like that . " Stipp described hearing a series of three shots , a woman screaming , also a man screaming , and then three more shots before the screaming stopped . Her husband , Dr. Johan Stipp , testified earlier in the trial . The trial was originally scheduled to last until March 20 but will now continue until the middle of May , the South African court hearing the case said Sunday . Trial extended to mid-May The trial , which entered its fourth week on Monday , will continue until April 4 , then break for a one-week recess before resuming from April 14 until May 16 , the Pretoria court announced in a written statement . It said "  all parties involved " had agreed to the dates . The trial began March 3 . There has been intense media interest in the case in South Africa and beyond . Pistorius first achieved global fame as an outstanding double amputee sprinter who ran with special prostheses that earned him the nickname "  Blade Runner . " Judge Thokozile Masipa will decide the verdict with the help of two lay people called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . In South Africa , premeditated murder carries a mandatory life sentence with a minimum of 25 years . Pistorius also could get five years for each of two unrelated gun indictments and 15 years for a firearms charge he also faces . If he is n't convicted of premeditated murder , the sprinter could face a lesser charge of culpable homicide , a crime based on negligence . The sentence for culpable homicide is at the judge 's discretion . Almost the entire trial has been televised , though individual witnesses can choose not to be shown on television . CNN 's Ed Payne and CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps contributed to this report .	NEW : Chat messages show Reeva was afraid of Pistorius sometimes Prosecutor Gerrie Nel is known for surprises , including hints his case may be nearly over Pistorius is accused of intentionally killing girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in 2013 Pistorius says he thought she was an intruder and shot in self-defense
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . CareerBuilder.com  -- Finding a career that allows you to travel is not always an easy task , but if you 're a college grad looking to make an adventure of your gap year , a professional looking for a change of pace or anyone looking for cultural exposure , a job abroad may be the right choice for you . A tourist gets a traditional massage in Thailand . Not all jobs are translatable to international positions without a little extra learning or language proficiency -- and you will need to acquire working permits and other legal documentation -- but here are some jobs that can take you away if you 're up for the move : 1 . Teacher It 's not news that teachers are n't highly paid , but if you 're an instructor in South Dakota , you 're among the lowest-paid in the nation , with an average salary of $ 33,236 , according to a 2003-04 survey by the American Federation of Teachers . Try taking your skills abroad . Learning English is in high demand internationally , and Germany , Switzerland and South Korea are among the countries that pay the largest teacher salaries . South Korea 's median teacher salaries range between $ 25,000 and $ 60,000 , and the country has a positive reputation for providing high income to educators . Salaries in Switzerland range from $ 65,000 to $ 80,000 . An added perk to employment in Germany is that state employees are regarded as permanent workers , meaning that they are paid necessary social insurances . Requirements : A four-year degree in education or a related field , teaching experience and a TESL/TEFL certificate . You will also need an international work visa and work permits , which can be obtained personally or through the school that employs you . 2 . Chef If you are an established chef , international hotels and restaurants may offer the opportunity to build on your career overseas while , in many cases , offering you room and board for a minimum costs . In the United States , the median annual income of a head chef/chef is $ 40,000 , and $ 43,000 if you work as a chef for a hotel . Kingsbrook USA Inc. is one company that works to place chefs in international regions . They reported England 's hotel chef positions as offering # 14000 , or roughly $ 26,730 U.S. dollars per year for Chef deParties . Kingsbrook also reported between $ 32,458 and $ 38,186 per year for Sous Chefs and between $ 38,186 and $ 47,732 per year for Head Chef . Requirements : An associate degree and at least three years of culinary experience . Letters of Reference , transcripts and health records and exams will also be required . 3 . Massage therapist Massage therapists in the United States make a median annual salary of $ 30,000 . But take your expertise to the seas , and you could earn between $ 33,600 and $ 45,600 , according to Cruise Job Line . In addition to changing stationary surroundings , working on cruise lines offers the opportunity to see new people and network beyond the limitations that can be created in a spa environment . The living accommodations may be small , but they save money on housing costs , and cruise lines usually offer full health coverage onboard the ship and within United States territory . Requirements : You 'll need a high school diploma or associate degree , and a certification in massage therapy . Requirements for accreditation vary by state . U.S. citizens pursuing massage therapy for cruise lines also need a passport that is valid for at least three months after the end of the contract . A physical examination , and in some cases , immunization may be required . 4 . Au Pair/Nanny In exchange for caring for your boss ' children and caring out light housekeeping or cooking duties , au pair positions offer a chance to travel abroad with room and board and a living stipend . The job will enable access that tourists are not privy to , but the work should n't be taken lightly . The median annual income for company-employed nannies is $ 29,500 in the United States . An au pair in France can expect to earn between 240 and 250 euro , or an estimated $ 309 to $ 322 per month for a 33-hour week . The pay varies internationally , but the overall perk is the opportunity to afford to see another part of the world . Requirements : A passport , work visa and an international driver 's license . You will also need to acquire medical insurance and undergo health screenings . Agency placement is a better choice for acquiring an au pair position for both safety reasons and to aid with acquiring your work permit . While au pair experience is not necessary , most au pairs have held related positions . 5 . Caterer Catering managers make an average median salary of $ 35,590 in the United States , and while other countries offer this position , the commute from national to international can literally be a matter of taste . Caterers who create a name for themselves in the U.S. industry can earn a trusted reputation and follow clients to overseas events . Rock stars and celebrities may have a variety of different catering companies working for them throughout the United States , but larger acts and A-listers like to have a trusted source to make sure their diet is in line with their requests . Working for one of these companies may put you on tour with the band , and if national gigs go well , you could find yourself overseas for the next tour . Requirements : Chefs and management have culinary training , but staff servers may have little or no experience . To garner a spot on a worldwide tour , a caterer will generally have a lot of experience . Passports are needed for international work . E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2007 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority Candace Corner is a writer for CareerBuilder.com .	Recent grads , people ready for a career change can find work abroad Germany , Switzerland and South Korea pay some of the highest teacher salaries
CNN  -- Recalling her father brings tears to her eyes . "  I cried and I cried , " says Senna , remembering the day her father passed away . Senna , 14 , lives in La Rinconada , Peru . Her father died after spending years toiling in the town 's mines . He never had the chance to go to school , but dreamed one day of becoming an engineer . A dream that he passed on to his daughter . It is his words that bring her strength today . "  Do n't be like me , " he would tell her . "  Make a better person of yourself , Senna . Study . " But like everything in La Rinconada , getting an education is tough . This mining town of about 30,000 people sits three miles in the air and is considered to be the highest city in the world . Living conditions are harsh . Besides the altitude , the town has no running water and no sewage system . "  Education is really very low on the sense of priorities . There are no laws , no police , no one seeing that children are going to school , " says "  Girl Rising " writer Maria Arana . In the Puno province , where La Rinconada is located , nearly 68 % of the population lives below the poverty line . The men work in the mines . Women sell goods , look for gold in discarded mine rocks or make money from prostitution . "  This is not a place for kids , " says Senna Even where schools are available , many parents need their children 's help with work . "  If mother is mashing rock , she may want help , " says Arana . "  There are no rules in La Rinconada . " According to CARE , nearly 29 % of indigenous children in Peru do not attend school . But CARE is trying to change that . In 2003 , the aid organization began working in La Rinconada to educate people about need for formal education and the dangers of child labor . Now , over 23,000 children receive assistance at the kindergarten , elementary and high school levels . Senna is one of these students and is now on the path to do something that no one in her family has done -- go to college . "  I have various dreams . I would like to study marketing , law and engineering , but more than anything else , I want to be a poet . A great poet . " Give Support the campaign behind the film "  Girl Rising " and give to the10x10 Fund for Girls ' Education . Donations will be distributed evenly among the 10x10 nonprofit partners and help fund girls ' education projects around the world . You can also help CARE by donating to its "  Help Her Learn " campaign , which provides girls around the world with access to primary education . The money provides schools with equipment , programs and helps train teachers . Impact For even more ways to make an impact for girls education around the world , check out CNN 's Impact Your World resources or take action with 10x10 . More about CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising " project More from CNN 's Impact Your World	La Rinconada sits three miles high in the Peruvian mountains It has no plumbing , sanitation , or heating services , and the ground is heavily contaminated Senna is currently enrolled in high school and on track to attend college She is interesting in studying engineering and dreams of becoming a poet
CNN  -- At least 15 people have been killed and more wounded after a weekend of heavy fighting in Somalia 's capital , journalists and a hospital spokeswoman said Monday . Artillery shelling from an area controlled by the government into an insurgent stronghold killed at least 15 and wounded 60 others Sunday in northeastern Mogadishu , journalists said after surveying the aftermath . More than 120 people have been admitted to a hospital with wounds related to fighting since Friday , said Duniyo Ali Mohamed , head of the medical department at Medina Hospital . The fighting comes after a militant Islamist group associated with al Qaeda attacked areas controlled by government troops and peacekeepers Friday , leaving 12 dead and at least 30 injured , witnesses said . Two of the 12 were members of al-Shabaab , according to Sheik Ali Mohamud Raghe , a spokesman for the militants . Al-Shabaab is an extremist group that the United States considers to be a terrorist organization . Somali government officials downplayed the offensive , calling it "  small and careless . " Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991 when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting . The transitional government has struggled to establish authority amid challenges by militants .	Sixty others wounded after heavy fighting in Somalia 's capital , journalists say Fighting comes after miliants tied to al Qaeda attacked areas held by Somali troops , peacekeepers Somali officials downplay offensive , calling it "  small and careless "
CNN  -- Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Arsenal striker Robin Van Persie , the club announced on Wednesday night . "  Manchester United is pleased to announce it has reached agreement with Arsenal Football Club for the transfer of Robin Van Persie , " said a statement on the club 's website . "  The deal is subject to a medical and the agreement of personal terms . A further announcement will be made in due course . " Arsenal 's website confirmed that the Dutch striker , who scored 30 goals in 38 games for the London side last season , "  will travel to Manchester on Thursday in order to agree personal terms and complete a medical ahead of a proposed move . " In July , Van Persie stunned Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger with a statement on his personal website that stated his "  goal has been to win trophies with the team " and attempt to return the club to "  its glory days . " The Dutch striker explained that following a meeting with the Wenger and the Arsenal chairman , Ivan Gazidis , "  it has again become clear to me that we , in many aspects , disagree on the way Arsenal should move forward . " With a year left on his contract , after which Van Persie could move to another club for free , the statement was understood be a public declaration of the striker 's intent to leave this summer . Manchester United star Wayne Rooney has previously described Van Persie as "  a fantastic player " and discussed the prospect of linking up with him at United . "  He 's been amazing for Arsenal over many years . If he does come here , he would be a great addition to the squad . " Last summer saw Arsenal lose two of their start players , Samir Nasri to rivals Manchester City and club captain Cesc Fabregas to Barcelona . Van Persie was appointed Arsenal captain last season after the departure of Fabregas . Coincidentally , Fabregas moved on the same date last summer - August 15th - as Arsenal agreed a fee for Van Persie this summer .	Manchester United and Arsenal agree fee for striker Robin Van Persie Van Persie was voted Premier League player of the year last season Manchester United missed out on 2011/12 title on goal difference dutch striker due in Manchwester for a medical on Thursday
CNN  -- A deadly bacterial outbreak that has killed at least 23 people in Europe is limited to an area around the German city of Hamburg and does not require Europe-wide controls , a top European Union official said Tuesday . "  There is no reason as of today to take ... measures at  the  European level , " EU Health Commissioner John Dalli said , adding , "  We consider any ban on any product as disproportionate . " A new death in Germany due to the E. coli outbreak was announced Tuesday , bringing the total there to 22 . The other death , in Sweden , was of a person who had visited Germany . Top European farming officials met Tuesday in Luxembourg , where EU Agriculture Commissioner Dacian Ciolos proposed a 150 million euro  $ 220 million  compensation plan for farmers affected by the panic . But he said that offer may have to be increased in the face of complaints that it 's not enough . Farmers are demanding compensation for losses due to being wrongly blamed for causing the outbreak . Spain alone seeks about $ 600 million in lost farm exports of cucumbers , tomatoes and other produce from the past few weeks , and farmers in Belgium , France , Holland and even Germany say they have millions of dollars in losses , too . Ciolos said the EU Commission may come back with an "  improved offer " as early as Wednesday , and hopes to have a decision within days . But he said paying 100 percent of claims -- as some countries demanded at the meeting -- would not be possible given the EU budget restraints . "  The commission is assuming its responsibility within the limits of our regulation and of our budget , " Ciolos said . The cause of the outbreak remains unclear , as new test results Tuesday proved negative . There was no trace of E. coli in a pack of bean sprouts in a household in Hamburg , where a man had become infected , health authorities there told CNN . The sprouts came from the farm which officials believe could be the source of the outbreak . But initial tests showed no sign of E. coli there , agriculture officials in the German state of Lower Saxony said Monday . But authorities said that does not mean their suspicions are not correct ; they would not expect to find evidence of E. coli if the tainted sprouts were no longer in the supply chain . Test results are back for 20 of the 40 samples , Lower Saxony officials said Monday . It was not clear when the rest of the test results would be available . On Sunday , officials said German-grown sprouts are the likely source for the E. coli outbreak . "  There is a direct link between this company and these people getting sick , " said Gert Lindemann , the agricultural minister in Lower Saxony . It was not clear how the rare strain may have gotten into the sprouts , officials said . E. coli has not been found in the company , Gaertnerhof , which has halted production and is recalling its products . Gaertnerhof , in the town of Bienenbuettel , said in a statement it was "  shocked and worried . ... that part of our production has been linked to E. coli infections " and had never had a problem in its 25 years of growing sprouts . It said it had found no evidence of E. coli during routine testing in January or during tests last month in response to the health scare . But a leading German microbiologist said Monday that sprouts were a "  plausible " source of the infection . Sprouts can harbor bacteria , which can spread during the growing process , said Alexander Kekule of the University of Halle-Wittenberg . "  Either it was inside the seed , which I do not think is the case , or the bacteria was inside the water , " Kekule said on Germany 's NDR radio . He is not working directly on the case . Sprouts are bred in drums that are heated to slightly warmer than body temperature -- ideal conditions for the growth not only of sprouts , but of bacteria , the agriculture ministry of Lower Saxony said . Authorities say the sprouts may have become tainted so long ago that trace-back tests may never identify the company as the source . But several restaurants and cafeterias linked to the outbreak got sprouts from the company , officials said . And two workers at the agricultural company have come down with severe cases of diarrhea ; in at least one of those cases , E. coli was the cause , Lindemann said . Bienenbuettel is in the district of Uelzen in north-central Germany . Last week , Spain rejected suggestions that its cucumbers could have been the source after the European Food Safety Alert Network said E. coli bacteria were found in organic cucumbers originating from Spain , packaged in Germany and distributed to various countries . Authorities initially called for the cucumbers to be pulled from sale . But Germany later said Spanish produce was not the source of the infection -- leading to the claims for compensation . Ciolos said that some farmers who belong to producer organizations might also find additional compensation there , and that some of those funds are also backed by the Commission . The Commission will need to document how the compensation money is paid out , he said . A growers ' cooperative representative in southern Spain said earlier Tuesday that farmers around the town of El Ejido , a major year-round producer of fresh produce under expansive greenhouses , are busy filling out claims forms already . The outbreak of the virulent strain of E. coli has infected more than 2,400 people in at least 13 countries , European health authorities said Monday . The vast majority are in Germany , where doctors have found 630 cases of hemolytic uremic syndrome  HUS  -- a form of kidney failure -- in the current outbreak , according to the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control . That 's more cases of HUS than in any other recorded outbreak worldwide . Fifteen patients in Germany have died of HUS , according to the center , while six died of enterohemorrhagic E. coli , a strain that can result in abdominal cramps and bloody diarrhea and causes intestinal hemorrhaging . The center said 1,601 people have that E. coli strain but do not have HUS . Infections have also been identified in Austria , Czech Republic , Denmark , Finland , France , Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Spain , Switzerland and the United Kingdom , according to the organization . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Al Goodman , Carol Jordan , Anisha Bhandari and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	The EU agriculture commissioner proposes a 150 million euro compensation fund There is no need for Europe-wide bans on products , the EU health commissioner says Authorities find no trace of a deadly bacteria at a suspect farm , but more results are du
CNN  -- A birdie on the first play-off hole saw Branden Grace beat South African legends Ernie Els and Retief Goosen to the Volvo Golf Champions title at the Fancourt course in George . Grace , a native South African himself , secured his second successive title on home soil after emerging triumphant on the first extra hole after a three-way tie for first . The 23-year-old only came through the European Tour Qualifying School a month ago and became the first player since Fred Couples in 1995 to follow his maiden Tour win - at the Johannesburg Open last week -- with another . After finishing on 12-under-par Grace held his nerve in the play-off to edge out Els and Goosen , who have five major championships between them . "  I 'm really ecstatic , " Grace told the Tour 's official website . "  It 's a dream come true to win such a big event -- pretty much the best tournament I 've played in so far . " Grace recovered after dropping three shots in the opening four holes and was five-under for the rest of his round . He had a chance to seal the title on the 18th but missed a short birdie putt . Els recorded a round of 67 that included an eagle on the 13th while Goosen birdied three of the final four holes to shoot 70 and force his way into the playoff . "  A couple more putts here and there and that could have been something special , " Els said . "  It 's a very encouraging week , all four rounds under par , and I 'm working on some good stuff . " Belgian Nicolas Colsaerts was tied for the lead going down the last but he made a bogey to drop into fourth place while Masters champion Charl Schwartzel , from South Africa , finished fifth on 10-under . Europe 's 2012 Ryder Cup captain Jose Maria Olazabal -- who came into the tournament as the lowest ranked player at 596th -- finished sixth on eight-under .	Branden Grace wins Volvo Golf Champions event in South Africa after a play-off Grace holds off South African legends Ernie Els and Retief Goosen to claim title South African Grace also won last week 's Johannesburg Open on European Tour Grace made birdie on the first extra hole to take the trophy
CNN  -- Striker Emmanuel Adebayor has committed himself to Arsenal by signing a new contract with the English Premier League club . Emmanuel Adebayor has been a big success since joining Arsenal from French club Monaco . The Togo international has been the subject of much speculation this summer , with Italian club AC Milan making their interest in the player well known , and he was also linked with Barcelona . Arsenal were determined to keep the 24-year-old despite putting a reported $ 70 million price tag on him , and Adebayor revealed at the start of this month that he would sign a new contract . The terms of the deal were not disclosed by the London outfit , who described it as a "  long-term contract . " "  Arsenal can confirm that Togolese forward Emmanuel Adebayor has signed a new long-term contract with the club , " read a statement on the club 's Web site on Monday . "  Everyone at Arsenal looks forward to Emmanuel 's continued contribution to the club over the coming years . " The UK Press Association reported that the deal was worth around $ 160,000 a week and would tie the former Monaco striker to Arsenal until at least 2012 . Adebayor scored 30 goals in all competitions last season , and was named in the PFA Team of the Year . He also finished in third place in the PFA Player of the Year . However , fans started to turn on him during pre-season as it became apparent that he would not turn down a move away from Arsenal , and he was again booed by sections of the crowd during Saturday 's Premier League opener against West Brom . However , manager Arsene Wenger said the player had his full support . "  We have to get behind him and support him because he is a tremendous force and is of tremendous importance for the team -- you want your own fans to be behind him , " Wenger told PA. . "  What happened in the transfer period did not always reflect his deep desire and there was manipulation from agents on both sides , but overall I am positive he will recover . Every player needs to feel wanted . I think he is settled in his own mind . He has given a lot in the first two games . " Arsenal defeated West Brom 1-0 with a goal from summer signing Samir Nasri to follow up last Wednesday 's 2-0 victory against Dutch side Twente in the first leg of their Champions League third-round qualifier . The Gunners travel to London rivals Fulham on Saturday , then play the home leg against former England manager Steve McClaren 's Twente on the following Wednesday .	Emmanuel Adebayor commits himself to Arsenal by signing a new contract The Togo striker had been linked with a move to AC Milan and Barcelona Terms of the deal not disclosed but Arsenal say the contract is "  long term " Adebayor has been booed by some of the club 's fans in recent matches
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- A magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck early Wednesday off the west coast of the Indonesian island of Sumatra , the U.S. Geological Survey reported , but witnesses reported only minor shaking on land . The quake was centered in the northern Indian Ocean , more than 400 km  250 miles  off northern Sumatra and more than 29 km  18 miles  beneath the surface . Indonesian authorities initially issued a tsunami warning for the area , before lifting it a couple of hours after the first quake struck . The Hawaii-based Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said there was no threat of a massive wave like the one that devastated the region in 2004 . The quake hit at 12:37 a.m. Wednesday  1:37 p.m. Tuesday ET  , according to the USGS . There were no immediate reports of damage , and hotel clerks contacted by CNN reported only mild shaking . One front desk clerk in Aceh said a few hotel guests went outside when the quake hit , but most were n't awakened . The region is highly active seismically , and a magnitude 9.1 quake in December 2004 generated a tsunami that killed people as far away as eastern Africa . The death toll from the combined disaster topped 280,000 in a dozen countries , most of them in Indonesia . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	NEW : Indonesian authorities lift tsunami warning Witnesses report only minor shaking on land The magnitude 7.3 quake was centered more than 250 miles off Sumatra
OPRAH.com  -- There are many practices from biblical times that are best left in the past . Stoning adulterers comes to mind . As does sacrificing oxen . But let me tell you about one dusty Middle Eastern custom that deserves a comeback : tithing . For those who skipped Sunday school , tithing is the practice of giving 10 percent of your annual income to the needy . You donate one out of every ten dollars  or shekels or sheep  to the orphans , the widows , the destitute , or the temple high priests . Granted , some folks in 21st-century America still tithe  devout Mormons , for instance , are expected to cough up 10 percent  . But the practice has largely gone the way of pharaohs and women named Bathsheba . Which is n't surprising . Tithing is hard as hell , especially in these lean times . I first learned about tithing a few years ago . At the time , I was trying to follow every rule in the Bible -- a journey I chronicled in a book . The Bible told me to tithe . So I tithed . When I told my wife , Julie , about my plan to tithe , she fretted . In general , she 's much more magnanimous than I am . She 's a sucker for those charities that send you free sheets of return-address labels with little cartoons of a Rollerblading Ziggy , along with a heartbreaking brochure about lymphoma . I tell her it 's emotional blackmail . She ignores me and mails them checks . Oprah.com : How to give smart But even for Julie 10 percent is high , especially with the ridiculously expensive prospect of raising children in New York City . Julie asked whether I could count my literary agent 's fee as a tithe . She was only half-joking . "  Can you at least do 10 percent after taxes ? " she said . That night I called a friend who 's a Lutheran pastor . "  You should n't get too legalistic , " he said . "  Give what you can . And then give some more . It should feel like a sacrifice . " A.J. Jacobs challenge to you : Day of Extreme Politeness I studied my Bible for insight . It seems that in the time of ancient Israel -- before the Romans took over -- no one paid taxes per se . The tithes were the taxes . And the tithing system was as complicated as any 1040 form . The farmers gave to the priests , the temple-keepers , the temple itself , the poor , the widows , and the orphans . So I decided after-tax tithing was probably okay . I calculated 10 percent of my projected salary . It was n't a huge number -- but that was precisely the problem . If I were making $ 10 million a year and had to give away $ 1 million , that would have been easier . Although many modern tithers give to their church , I decided to go directly to the needy . I spent hours browsing the Web site CharityNavigator.org . It 's sort of a Michelin guide to aid organizations .  Even this leads to coveting -- they list the salaries of these charity CEOs , and some break half a million . See more ways you can help at CNN 's Impact Your World I settled on several organizations focusing on children and widows , two groups the Bible says are always in need . One was called Feed the Children , another Save Darfur . Oprah.com : How to give when dollars are tight The giving was painful . I mean , 10 percent ? That would have an impact on our lives . Vacations would need to be scaled back , new furniture would have to wait . It was a huge amount . When I pressed "  send " on the donations , my palms got wet , my heart rate spiked . But it was a pain mixed with pleasure . When the confirmation e-mails pinged in , I felt good . There 's a haunting line from the movie "  Chariots of Fire . " It 's spoken by Ian Charleson , who plays a deeply religious sprinter in the 1924 Olympics . He says : "  When I run , I feel His pleasure . " And as I gave away money , I think I might have felt God 's pleasure . Which is odd . Because I 'm agnostic . I do n't know if there 's a God or not , but still I felt some higher sense of purpose . It was like a cozy ember that started at the back of my neck and slowly spread its warmth through my skull . I felt like I was doing something I should have done all my life . That feeling of pleasure when giving -- scientists actually call it the warm-glow effect -- is n't strong enough to get most Americans to cough up 10 percent , though . According to the Roper Center for Public Opinion Research , the average American donates about 3 percent of his or her salary to charity . Low-income workers are the most openhanded set , donating an average of 4.5 percent .  Of course , there are many exceedingly generous high-income people . Angelina Jolie has said she gives away a third of her income . The pastor Rick Warren reverse tithes -- he gives away 90 percent of his profits from his megaselling books . Oprah.com : 6 ways giving makes you healthy I must confess that I have n't tithed every year since . I 'm a quasi tither . This year I donated about 7 percent of my income . Tithing for me is a goal that I want to meet but sometimes do n't .  I will , however , be tithing the writer 's fee for this article . How can I not ? I 've developed some strategies to help make tithing easier . The key is to make it concrete . Try thinking in terms of time . Every ten minutes of work , you are essentially doing one minute of volunteering for the needy . Six times an hour you 're doing a mitzvah ! Since I 'm a writer , I also tell myself this : One out of every ten words belongs to someone deserving . In that previous sentence , it was the word deserving . I also try to remember what I teach my sons . Sharing is caring , I always tell them . If my son had two lollipops in his pocket , and a friend asked for one , I 'd tell him to fish one out of his pocket and hand it over . It 's the proper thing to do . I should practice what I preach . Finally , I try to think of tithing as a sort of cosmic 10 percent tip . Scientists say that gratitude is like a psychological wonder drug . And by tithing , I 'm saying thank you to the universe -- or to God or to fate or to whatever you believe in -- for allowing me to be alive . I want to acknowledge how lucky I am to have food , a roof , a bed , a warm shower , and a father who did n't sacrifice me on top of a mountain . That deserves a donation to the Big Tip Jar in the sky , do n't you think ? Oprah.com : A.J. Jacobs ' rules to live by By A.J. Jacobs from O , The Oprah Magazine , December 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	A.J. Jacobs believes the ancient practice of tithing should be revived He checks with pastor after haggling with wife over tithing AFTER taxes Jacobs : "  As I gave away money , I think I might have felt God 's pleasure " Says tithing is putting a 10 percent thank you in "  the Big Tip Jar in the sky "
Denver , Colorado  CNN  -- The moral conscience of Iran 's reform movement passed away Sunday morning . Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri , who died at 87 , was the Iranian equivalent of South Africa 's Desmond Tutu for politics . Over the past 20 years , he distinguished himself by virtue of his persistent , judicious criticism of human rights abuses in the Islamic Republic and his defense of the democratic aspirations of the people of Iran within the framework of an ethical interpretation of Shia Islam . His death comes as a huge blow to the Green Movement , yet his supporters will take comfort that he lived a full life and intervened on all the major political questions plaguing Iranian and Islamic politics . Born into a poor family in 1922 in the small town of Najafabad , Montazeri rose through the ranks of the religious seminaries to the position of a Grand Ayatollah  the most senior clerical position in Shia Islam  primarily because of his exceptional erudition and broad following as a source of religious authority . During the oppressive political climate that enveloped Iran after the 1953 coup d'état , Montazeri emerged as a leading clerical leader , who allied himself with Ayatollah Khomeini to protest the dictatorship of the shah and Iran 's close alliance with the United States and Israel . He was frequently imprisoned and tortured -- acts that increased his prestige and credibility as an opposition leader who was willing to speak truth to power . He was one of the key intellectual theoreticians of the concept of the "  rule of the Islamic jurist "  velayat-e faqih  , which formed the foundation of Iran 's post-revolutionary constitutional order , thus ensuring clerical domination of Iranian politics . It was a position he would regret later in his life . Buttressed by his impeccable religious , revolutionary and political credentials , Montazeri emerged as one of the leaders of Iran 's 1979 Islamic Revolution . He was soon designated as the official successor to Ayatollah Khomeini , a position he held until 1989 . During this period of increasing internal repression and a wave of political executions , Montazeri began his uncompromising criticism of the Islamic Republic . As a result , he was removed from his position as Khomeini 's heir apparent . All formal ties with the ruling regime were severed . Montazeri retired to his home in the religious city of Qum to resume his teaching and study and to reflect upon the relationship between religion , ethics and politics . In this period , Montazeri 's religious and political thought underwent a reorientation . Human rights and democracy moved to the center of his religious teaching . On many of Iran 's most sensitive and politically charged debates , Montazeri intervened in an unprecedented manner that marked a clear contrast with the ruling ideology of Iranian regime . On the question of Iran 's persecuted Baha'i minority , he called for the granting of full citizenship rights and rejected longstanding views on the punishment for apostasy in Islam . In terms of Iran 's international relations , he apologized for the seizure of the U.S. embassy in 1979 and called for the establishment of relations with the U.S. based on mutual respect . He even issued a fatwa on nuclear weapons , encouraging Muslims to "  take the lead in banning legally and practically all such weapons for all countries and in soliciting the help of respectable and dependable international organizations in guaranteeing such a ban . " In November 1997 , a few months after Muhammad Khatami 's presidential victory , Ayatollah Montazeri delivered a harshly worded sermon on the birthday of the first Shia Imam . In this famous speech , which circulated widely and clandestinely in Iran and abroad via audiotape , he criticized the growing authoritarianism of the ruling clerics and encouraged Iran 's new reformist president to use his popular mandate to press forward with democratizing the political system . He also directly criticized and questioned the legitimacy of Iran 's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei . Retribution was swift : his office and home were attacked by pro-regime thugs and the cleric was placed under house arrest for the next five years . Yet he continued to write and issue bold statements of support to Iran 's reform movement , essentially using his religious authority to give moral sanction to democratic forces in Iranian society . In the aftermath of Iran 's discredited 2009 presidential elections , Montazeri was one of the most outspoken critics of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Ali Khamenei . In the final six months of his life , on a near-weekly basis , Ayatollah Montazeri issued a strong statement of support for the Green Movement and strongly condemned human rights abuses . "  A regime that uses clubs , oppression , aggression , " he warned , "  against -LSB- the people 's -RSB- rights , injustice , rigged elections , murder , arrests , and medieval or Stalin-era torture , -LSB- a regime that -RSB- gags and censors the press , obstructs the media , imprisons intellectuals and elected leaders on false allegations or forced confessions ... -- -LSB- such a regime -RSB- is despicable and has no religious merit . " In a widely reported fatwa on July 11 , he called Iran 's rulers "  usurpers and transgressors " who have lost all legitimacy to rule . This was a historic statement as it explicitly affirmed that all believing Muslims have a moral obligation to oppose the current rulers in Iran and to seek their replacement , albeit through nonviolent means . "  People must express their opinion about the illegitimacy -LSB- of Iran 's current rulers -RSB- and the lack of their approval of their performance , and seek their dismissal through the best and least harmful way , " he affirmed . "  It is clear that this -LSB- dismissal of the officials -RSB- is a societal duty of everyone , and all the people , regardless of their social positions and according to their knowledge and capability , must participate in this endeavor , and can not shirk their responsibility . " Montazeri was feared by Iran 's ruling establishment precisely because he undermined their legitimacy . He will join the pantheon of Iranian leaders before him who similarly struggled against dictatorship . Arguably , his most important legacy bequeathed to Iranian and Islamic politics is that when given a choice , one must always follow the dictates of one 's conscience over the temptations of political power . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nader Hashemi .	Death of Iranian spiritual leader is a blow to Iran 's reform movement , says Nader Hashemi He says Ayatollah Montazeri stood up for the rights of protesters Montazeri helped pave the way for Islamic Republic but turned against it , Hashemi says He says Montazeri apologized for seizure of U.S. Embassy and defended the persecuted Baha'is
CNN  -- A man convicted of a brutal 2007 home invasion in which a Connecticut mother and her two daughters were killed was sentenced to die for the crime Thursday . New Haven Superior Court Judge Jon Blue imposed the death sentence agreed upon last month by jurors . Jurors in October convicted Steven Hayes , 47 , of 16 of the 17 charges against him , including murder , capital murder and kidnapping . Jennifer Hawke-Petit , 48 , died as a result of the home invasion , along with her daughters , 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit . "  This is a terrible sentence , " Blue told Hayes . "  But in truth , it is a sentence you wrote for yourself in flames on July 23 , 2007 . " Prosecutors alleged that Hayes and co-defendant Joshua Komisarjevsky invaded the Petit home in Cheshire , Connecticut , beat and tied up Dr. William Petit , raped and strangled Hawke-Petit , molested one of their daughters and set the house on fire before attempting to flee . The two daughters , who had been tied to their beds , died of smoke inhalation . Petit escaped to a neighbor 's home . Hayes also forced Hawke-Petit to go to a bank and withdraw $ 15,000 from an account after finding evidence the account held between $ 20,000 and $ 30,000 , authorities said . Komisarjevsky is to be tried separately later . At least four jurors were in the courtroom for the sentencing . Before it was pronounced , the court heard emotional impact statements from relatives of the three victims including William Petit as photos of the family were projected onto a screen . In his remarks , which brought many in the courtroom to tears , Petit said the impact of the crime on his family was akin to "  a bomb going off in your house . " He said he would always remember his father 's face when he asked him about the girls . "  He just shook his head from side to side and sobbed ... Our home was no more . " Hayes told the court in his statement that death "  will be a welcome relief . " "  I am deeply sorry for what I 've done , " he said . " ... I stand before the court as Steven Hayes , convicted murderer , but that is not the real Steven Hayes . " He acknowledged he "  destroyed innocent lives and took away a family . I did what I did , and live with it ... I was an out-of-control train destined to crash . The death I wanted was my own , not the death of others . " Hayes was also seen looking at the photographs of the family . "  I think he knows the devastation that he caused , " defense attorney Thomas Ullmann told reporters afterward . Ullmann earlier had told jurors that in recommending Hayes die for his crimes , they would be providing him with what he wanted , saying life in prison without parole would be a greater punishment . Ullmann said Thursday he thought it was a "  barbaric sentence . " "  In my lifetime , I hope I never stand next to another person getting sentenced to death , " he said . Blue gave Hayes an official execution date of May 27 , 2011 . However , that date is a formality , he acknowledged . In reality , unless Hayes chooses to waive some or all of his appeals , it could be decades before he is put to death . Petit wiped his eyes , cried and embraced family members after the sentence was handed down . He and other family members did not speak to reporters outside the courthouse , saying they wanted their words inside the courtroom to be their statement . Petit told the court that following the crime , he lost all interest in practicing medicine . At first , he was unable to sleep ; given medication to relieve his insomnia , he had nightmares , he said . His vision was impaired by the blows to the head he suffered , which also caused balance and vertigo problems . "  I seriously considered suicide many times , " he said . "  No wife , no children , no home . " He called his wife "  the spiritual anchor of our family " and "  my best friend , " adding that she taught him about prayer . He said when he saw the video of his wife at the bank for the first time , "  I saw the strain on her face ... but I suspect she was praying . " He also spoke about his daughters , recalling how pleased he was when Hayley told him she wanted to major in biology so that she , too , could go into medicine . "  I grieve , " he said , "  because she never got to love somebody for a long time . " After that sentence , he paused for several minutes to compose himself , then went on to note that his elder daughter was a "  hard worker , honest and very brave . " She raised $ 55,000 for multiple sclerosis research after Jennifer Hawke-Petit was diagnosed with the disease , he said . Petit remembered Michaela , or "  K.K. " as her family called her , as a gifted cook who loved to help him in the garden . "  I miss my entire family , everything we had together , " he said . " ... They were three special people . My children were my jewels . " He said he will never get to walk his daughters down the aisle , or meet his grandchildren . Now , he said , he is left to deal with "  a giant hole in the universe , in my heart . " "  I lost my entire family , " he said . " ... I lost my past and my future . " His only hope , he said , is for justice to be served . "  Evil does exist , and it can strike at any time ... Evil is among us , and we need to rid the world of it . " Earlier , Jennifer Hawke-Petit 's younger sister , in an impact statement recorded on DVD , said , "  You felt it was your right in life to take what others had . " Cynthia Hawke-Renn recalled looking to her sister for guidance and advice . "  You stole from all of us , " she told Hayes . "  You interrupted our cycle of life . " The girls ' grandfather , William Petit Sr. , recalled his anguish at learning of the deaths , choking back tears as he spoke of trying to call his son 's home on the morning of July 23 and hearing Hawke-Petit 's voice on the answering machine . It was , he said , "  the last time I heard her voice . " If Hayes is executed he will die peacefully , without difficulty breathing , anxiety or pain , Hawke-Renn said , according to a copy of her statement posted on the Hartford Courant newspaper 's website . "  I would have given anything for my loved ones to have died in this same peaceful manner , " she said . "  Steven Hayes has no empathy , " said Johanna Petit Chapman , William Petit 's sister . " ... He has no remorse ; the only thing he 's sorry about is that he got caught . " The murders were so heinous , she said , that "  the state of Connecticut was aghast . " "  Some people are so evil that they do not deserve life , " she said , "  and Steven Hayes falls into that category . " The deaths shocked the affluent Connecticut suburb of Cheshire , where Petit is a prominent endocrinologist . His wife was a pediatric nurse who did not let multiple sclerosis keep her from working or raising a family . Hayley Petit had just graduated from Miss Porter 's School , a prestigious private school that counts Gloria Vanderbilt and Jackie Kennedy among its alumnae . The deaths also led to a public outcry for Connecticut to strengthen its laws against repeat offenders when it was learned that the suspects had previously been convicted of multiple felonies . Citing the Cheshire case , Gov. M. Jodi Rell vetoed a resolution that would have eliminated the death penalty in the state .	NEW : Steven Hayes apologizes : "  The death I wanted was my own " Judge sentences Hayes to die for brutal home invasion William Petit offered an emotional victim impact statement
CNN  -- NATO officials said Monday they have sent a team to investigate an incident in central Afghanistan where troops thought they were battling militants , but instead may have exchanged gunfire with Afghan police . The operation , which took place Sunday in Daikundi province , led to the death of three Afghan police officers and wounded three others , the International Security Assistance Force said . NATO troops were conducting a patrol in a village when they came across nine armed people who were setting up what "  appeared to be an ambush position , " the force said in a statement . The service members called in aerial support . Later , troops determined the air strike may have been carried out against an Afghan police team , the force said . "  While we take extraordinary precaution while conducting operations to avoid friendly casualties , it appears innocent people may have been mistakenly targeted , " said U.S. Army Col. Rafael Torres , the director of the force 's Joint Command Combined Joint Operations Center director .	The operation takes place in Daikundi province NATO troops think they have come across men setting up an ambush They call in aerial support Later , they find the attack may have been carried out against an Afghan police team
No one knows exactly how long the 2-year-old pit bull had been left to die alone in the Arizona mountains . A photo taken by Andi Davis , the hiker who found him , shows the dog half standing , half collapsed , his head pressing against a rock . Davis had walked about a half mile uphill last Friday , October 18 , along a deserted trail in Phoenix when she found the black and white dog , suffering from bullet wounds , said Arizona Humane Society spokeswoman Bretta Nelson in an e-mail . She hesitated for a moment before approaching the pit bull , Nelson said . But when he lifted his head as she reached for her water bottle , Davis put her apprehension aside , gave him a drink and then lifted the 47-pound dog into her arms , Nelson said . Then , she began walking . "  It will be OK , " Davis kept telling the dog as she slowly picked her way down the path . Every so often she would stop , give him another drink , then stand up again and keep going . "  At first she was shaking because she was scared , " Nelson said . "  Then she was shaking because of the weight of him . " Eventually the dog stopped moving . Andi Davis was overwhelmed by the media attention and did not want to talk , but gave Nelson the permission to do so . "  When my mom found our new dog on the mountain , my heart broke at the first sight of him , " said Andi 's daughter Jessi , 10 , in a letter to Nelson and the AHS . "  He was torn up . Everywhere . " Described as a "  very fit person , " it took Davis an hour to complete the journey , her arms aching , Nelson said . Davis 's husband and daughter met her at the bottom and they took the dog to the Arizona Humane Society , where veterinarians examined him . "  I thought I would never see him again , " Jessi said . "  I knew he was in good hands , but I still felt very sad . " Doctors found an open abdominal wound , bullet fragments near his spinal cord and a bullet in the middle of his neck , Nelson said . The Davis family named him Elijah . "  I was so , so happy when we got to see him , " Jessi wrote . Nelson said Elijah responded to Jessi as if "  they had been best friends their whole lives . " Elijah is now adjusting to his new foster home , where he is getting to know the other Davis dogs . "  Mom has a dog , dad has a dog , I have a dog , " Jessi told Nelson . "  Elijah is the family dog . Because he 's special . " As for Andi , her arms still ache even though it 's been a week since the rescue . Nelson said it 's unlikely any investigation will be conducted to find the person who injured Elijah since there is n't a clear timetable and no witnesses have come forward . "  After all you have done for us , " Jessi said in her letter . "  I want to help animals too . Thank you so much for making our lives better . You rock . "	Pit bull with bullet wounds abandoned on mountain trail Andi Davis discovers the dog while hiking Davis carries the 47-pound dog half a mile
Was it the ultimate adventure or an audacious act of disrespect that should be punished by law ? An Internet sensation was touched off this week by Russian photographer Vadim Makhorov and a group of his friends -- the group ignored regulations prohibiting the public from climbing on the Pyramids at Giza , Egypt , and came away with spectacular photos . The images from Makhorov and another photographer , Vitaliy Raskalov , were taken on top of the Pyramids from positions that avoided detection by guards . The photos have incited reactions ranging from envy and awe to indignation and concern for the preservation of the ancient wonders . In an email to CNN , Makhorov now explains his reasons for flouting the regulations , and issues an apology to Egypt and the world . Vadim Makhorov 's email to CNN "  I 've always been drawn to Egypt . For as long as I can remember my dream was to get to the top of the Great Pyramid of Giza . "  When my friends and I arrived in Cairo the first thing we decided to do was to go and see the pyramids . We got there in the evening , just in time to witness the laser show . "  No words can express the fascination I felt when seeing my childhood dream come alive . Probably this very feeling made us climb onto the top of the Pyramid and see the the panorama of the whole complex , the desert and Cairo itself . "  It was already pitch black and nobody paid us any attention . We started climbing as fast and as soundless as we could . You have to be quite strong and agile to climb onto a meter-high block covered with dust . "  It was exhausting , but the thought that we were going to witness something spectacular pushed us forward . "  It took us around 20 minutes to get to the top . We were taken breathless by the view . "  What we saw from up there was the seventh wonder of the world . We tried to capture the beauty of the scenery in the photos , so that the others could also see this magnificent panorama . "  We , of course , were not the first who dared to climb the pyramid . "  The pyramid 's peak was filled with different inscriptions in many languages , some of them being hundreds years old . "  After enjoying the view for some time we started the descent . It turned out to be harder then climbing up . We were very lucky not to get -LSB- caught -RSB- . We would have been in serious trouble if we did . "  That 's why I would like to apologize for this ascension . We did n't want to insult anyone . We were just following the dream . "	Russian photographer caused sensation with pictures from top of the Pyramid Vadim Makhorov explains how and why he did it Makhorov : "  I would like to apologize for this ascension . "
China has accused the United States of "  hypocrisy " and "  double standards " following its decision to charge five Chinese army officers with cybertheft against major American businesses . The Foreign Ministry in Beijing even took the step of summoning U.S. Ambassador Max Baucus late Monday , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported , as tensions between the two countries threatened to escalate into a full-scale diplomatic incident . Earlier Monday , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced that the men , all members of the People 's Liberation Army  PLA  , "  maintained unauthorized access to victim computers to steal information from these entities that would be useful " to the victims ' competitors in China . Holder said some of the "  victims " included U.S. Steel Corp. , Westinghouse , Alcoa , Allegheny Technologies , the United Steel Workers Union and SolarWorld . In an unusual move , the men were named in the indictment document as Wang Dong , Sun Kailiang , Wen Xinyu , Huang Zhenyu and Gu Chunhui . These are the first charges against Chinese state officials for what the U.S. says is a widespread problem , U.S. officials told CNN before Holder 's remarks . But in a written statement Tuesday , China 's Foreign Ministry said "  it is widely known that the U.S. has for a long time been using its advanced technology and infrastructure to perpetrate large scale theft of secrets and eavesdropping against foreign political leaders , enterprises and individuals . "  From WikiLeaks to the  Edward  Snowden incident , the U.S. hypocrisy and double standards have been abundantly clear . The Chinese PLA has been a serious victim of this kind of behavior from the U.S. Statistics show that in recent years the PLA 's international internet terminals have suffered a large number of attacks . IP addresses show that a large number of those attacks come from the U.S. "  China demands that the U.S. give a clear explanation of its internet theft of secrets and eavesdropping on China and immediately cease such activities . " On Monday , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson , Qin Gang , said the charges against its army officers were based on "  intentionally-fabricated facts " that "  grossly violate the basic norms governing international relations , " and urged Washington to "  immediately correct its mistakes and withdraw the indictments . " Qin also revealed China would be suspending its involvement in the joint China-U.S. Cyber Working Group , set up in April last year to work on measures to address cybersecurity -- an issue that has driven a wedge between the two governments in the past . What we know about the Chinese army 's alleged cyber spying unit President 's concern At a regular news briefing at the White House , press secretary Jay Carney was asked about Monday 's developments . "  This is an issue that has been brought up by President Obama with  Chinese  President Xi  Jinping  in their meetings as recently as in March as a general problem that we have seen and reflects the president 's overall concern about cybersecurity , " Carney said . "  We have consistently and candidly raised these concerns with the Chinese government , and today 's announcement reflects our growing concern that this Chinese behavior has continued . " He was adamant that the U.S. "  intelligence programs serve a specific national security mission , and that does not include providing a competitive advantage to U.S. companies or U.S. economic interests , " Carney said . "  In other words , we do not do what those Chinese nationals were indicted for earlier today . Period . " A spokeswoman for the State Department told reporters that Washington wants to have more dialogue with Beijing about the issue . "  We remain deeply concerned about Chinese government-sponsored , cyber-enabled theft of trade secrets and other sensitive business information for commercial gain , " Jen Psaki said . "  And , again , this was specific to the actions of ... of just a few individuals . And we hope that the Chinese government can understand that . " Impacts real people This was a law enforcement case , she added , not a diplomatic one . "  We continue to believe -- and this is relevant to us , our role here at the State Department -- that we can have a constructive and productive relationship with China , " she said . "  We 're ready to work with China to prevent these types of activities from continuing . " Joining Holder , David Hickton , U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Pennsylvania , said the alleged hacking has caused the victimized U.S. companies to lose capital investments in research and technology . He added that the "  important message " is that cyberespionage "  impacts real people in real and painful ways , " he said . "  The lifeblood of any organization is the people who work , strive and sweat for it . When these cyberintrusions occur , production slows , plants close , workers get laid off and lose their homes , " Hickton said . "  Hacking , spying and cybertheft for commercial advantage can and will be prosecuted criminally even when the defendants are state actors , " he said .	China Foreign Ministry spokesman calls on U.S. to withdraw charges Indictment alleges five People 's Liberation Army officers hacked computers United Steel Workers Union , Westinghouse , Alcoa among victims , Eric Holder says China suspends participation in the joint China-U.S. Cyber Working Group
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Asia : Spread over one third of the world 's surface , it is home to something like four billion people in 70 countries . It also produces half of the world 's film . Niki Caro avoids all the coming-of-age cliches in "  Whale Rider . " Bollywood , the film industry of India 's largest city , Mumbai , alone produces around 1,000 films each year -- almost two times as many as Hollywood . This vast continent does n't just come out on top when it comes to output , it has also sired many influential directors , actors and film-genres . Ang Lee 's 2000 homage to Chinese fantasy martial arts genre , Wuxia , "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , " and Japan 's unique take on horror , typified by films like Takashi Shimizu 's "  Ju-on : The Grudge " are just two examples of Asia 's recent contribution to world film culture . We have included films by Japan 's Akira Kurosawa , China 's Wong Kar-Wai and India 's Mehboob Khan in our provisional list of the best of Asian cinema but we want to hear from Web site users . What are your favorites ? Have we missed one ? Perhaps you do n't agree with our choices . Let us know in the Sound Off box below . ` In the Mood for Love '  ` Fa yeung nin wa '  Hong Kong/China  Wong Kar-Wai , 2000  Wong was heavily influenced by Hitchcock 's psychological thriller "  Vertigo " during the making of this poetic , exquisitely shot meditation on love and loss starring Tony Leung and Maggie Cheung . It was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival in 2000 . ` Mother India '  ` Bharat Mata '  India  Mehboob Khan , 1957  One of the sub-continent 's first ever blockbusters , it is also known as India 's "  Gone with the Wind . " Acting legend Nargis plays a woman who must raise her children single-handedly after her husband is maimed in an accident , and becomes the catalyst for her fellow villagers to fight for their land . It was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 1957 Academy Awards -- India 's first ever Oscar nomination . ` The Host '  ` Gwoemul '  South Korea  Bong Joon-ho , 2006  Arguably one of the greatest monster films ever made ; a staggering 20 percent of the population of South Korea have watched this film . It is based on the true story of a U.S. military employee ordered to dump formaldehyde into the sewer system that leads to Seoul 's Han River . Six years later a giant mutant squid starts attacking people  this part is made up  . ` Syndromes and a Century '  ` Sang sattawat '  Thailand  Apichatpong Weerasethakul , 2006  One of seven films commissioned by the New Crowned Hope Festival , part of Vienna 's Mozart Year in 2006 . Set in two hospitals , Weerasthakul reflects on the lives and memories of his medic parents using an experimental , anti-narrative style  a series of images , soft spoken dialogue and music  which was chosen by the hugely influential French film magazine "  Les Cahiers du Cinéma " as one of the 10 best pictures of 2007 . ` Whale Rider ' New Zealand  Niki Caro , 2002  At just 12 years-old star , Keisha Castle-Hughes was nominated for Best Actress at the Academy Awards for her extraordinary performance as "  Pai , " a first-born female in the patriarchal Whangara tribe who believes she is destined to be the new Chief . ` Still Life '  ` Sanxia haoren '  China  Zhang Ke Jia , 2006  Awarded a Golden Lion at Venice in 2006 , this wide-sweeping film is based on the human tragedy of the Three Gorges Dam  more than one million people have been displaced  which stretches across the Yangtze River . The story focuses on a miner who travels back to his home town looking for his wife only to find that his former home is now submerged . The film illustrates the gulf between China 's new world order and the soon-to-be-forgotten culture of the past . ` Shower '  ` Xizao '  China  Yang Zhang , 1999  The richly humorous and touching story of Shenzhen businessman , Da Ming who returns home to Beijing where his father runs the local bathhouse , only to be caught between two cultures -- the decaying district of his childhood and the booming South where he now lives with a wife who has never met his family . When he realizes his father 's health is failing , he must take stock . ` Shall we dansu ? ' Japan  Masayuki Suo , 1998  Successful but unhappy accountant , Shohei Sugiyama spots a beautiful woman in a dance studio window . Despite his wife and child , he secretly signs up for dance lessons hoping to get closer to her . Slowly he begins to fall in love with the art form itself . A 2004 Hollywood remake starred Jennifer Lopez and Richard Gere . ` The Ballad of Narayama '  ` Narayama bushiko '  Japan  Keisuke Kinoshita ,1958  In a remote 19th century village , food is so scarce that when the elderly reach 70 years old they must climb frozen Mount Narayama to die so their families wo n't have to feed them . Kinoshita 's film is profane and shocking at times . Throughout the film , images of couples having sex are interspersed with scenes of animals and insects mating . The film won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival in 1984 . ` Infernal Affairs '  ` Mou gaan dou '  Hong Kong/China  Andrew Lau Wai-Keung , Alan Mak Siu-Fai , 2002  Hong Kong cop thriller following the parallel lives of an undercover officer who infiltrates a Triad gang and policeman who secretly reports to a ruthless gang boss . "  Infernal Affairs " breaks the mould of much of contemporary Hong Kong cinema by steering clear of over-the-top-action in favor of a slow-burning build up of psychological tension . Engrossing . ` Mandala ' South Korea  Kwon-Taek Im , 1981  In the film that is considered to be his breakthrough as a cinematic artist , Im follows the lives and interactions of two Buddhist monks in Korea and takes a contemplative look at the nature of individualism , religious belief and enlightenment . ` To Live '  ` Huozhe '  China  Zhang Yimou , 1994  Much lauded but banned in Mainland China because of its satirical portrayal of the Communist government , this epic , sumptuous film traces the personal fortunes of Fugui and Jiazhen as they fall from wealthy landownership to peasantry over 30 turbulent years . ` When the Tenth Month Comes '  ` Bao gio cho den thang muoi '  Vietnam  Dang Nhat Minh , 1984  A vivid portrayal from the point of view of a young Vietnamese widow of the legacy of the Vietnam war . It was released internationally under the name "  The Love Does n't Come Back . " ` Himala ' Philippines  Ishmael Bernal , 1982  Young Elsa thinks she has seen the Virgin Mary and goes on a healing crusade -- just the miracle the nowhere town she lives in is looking for . The film 's austere camera work , haunting score and accomplished performances sensitively portray the harsh social and cultural conditions that people in the third world endure . ' A Touch of Zen '  ` Xia nu '  Hong Kong/Taiwan  King Hu , 1969  In this spiritual kung fu movie , a young artist finds himself caught up in the struggle to help a beautiful young woman escape the Imperial agents who murdered her family . A classic of the martial arts fantasy genre , it was the first Chinese film to win an award at the Cannes Film Festival . It was also a massive influence on Ang Lee 's "  Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon . " ` Ikiru ' Japan  Akira Kurosawa , 1952  In this profoundly moralistic fable , longtime salaryman Kanji Watanabe , learns he has terminal cancer and , ultimately , through the experiences he has , the meaning of life . Takashi Shimura who played Watanabe was nominated in the Best Foreign Actor category at the 1960 BAFTA Awards . ` Utu ' New Zealand  Geoff Murphy , 1983  Loosely based on the events of Te Kooti 's War in the 1870s , it tells the tale of Maori tribesman Te Wheke who is serving in the British army . He is prompted to seek vengeance when he returns home to find his village and family destroyed in a senseless raid by the British . ` Gabbeh ' Iran  Mohsen Makhmalbaf , 1996  An elderly nomad couple are cleaning their beautiful carpet or "  gabbeh " when a young woman suddenly emerges to tell the history of her clan through the carpet . Beautifully filmed and the winner of numerous awards .	"  The Screening Room " has compiled a provisional list of the best Asian films List includes Akira Kurosawa 's "  Ikiru " and "  Mother India " by Mehbook Khan But what are your favorites ? We would like to hear from Web site users If you disagree or think we 've missed one . Let us know in the Sound Off box
Dr. Jane Miller remembers the first -- and the last -- time she implanted four embryos into a patient getting in-vitro fertilization . Nadya Suleman gave birth to octuplets on January 26 . Fanfare -- and controversy -- were not far behind . "  It was 1999 , and we got triplets , and I said , ` My God , never again , ' " remembers the fertility expert in Englewood Cliffs , New Jersey . "  The human uterus is meant to carry only one at a time . " Since then , Miller says , she implants only one or two embryos ; on "  very , very rare " occasions she 'll implant three . When she heard Nadya Suleman , the mother of octuplets in California , say her doctor had implanted six embryos , she was outraged . Miller is not alone . Fertility experts around the country say there 's never a reason to implant six embryos . It 's risky , and it 's way outside the scope of normal practice : Data from the Centers for Disease Control show that on average , fertility doctors implant 2.3 embryos into women under age 35 . Why , then , did Suleman 's doctor implant so many embryos ? Visit CNNhealth.com , your connection for better living That 's the question fertility experts , bloggers and now the Medical Board of California have been asking since Suleman , age 33 , gave birth to octuplets in January . In media interviews , she identified her reproductive endocrinologist as Dr. Michael Kamrava of West Coast IVF Clinic in Beverly Hills , California . The state board is now investigating the "  Suleman matter , " according to Candis Cohen , a spokeswoman for the board . Kamrava did not return phone calls to his office from CNN . Watch more on fertility do 's and do n'ts " "  It 's crazy , " said Dr. Walid Saleh , medical director of the Sher Institute for Reproductive Medicine in Dallas , Texas , noting that implanting six embryos clearly violates guidelines set by the American Society for Assisted Reproductive Medicine , which recommends implanting no more than two embryos in a woman under 35 . "  I do n't know of anyone else who does this . " Saleh and other fertility experts say they think they know why Kamrava chose to implant so many embryos . The CDC keeps statistics on fertility doctors and their success rates , and Kamrava 's is significantly below the national average . Nationally , when doctors implant embryos , they manage to achieve a live birth 38.7 percent of the time , according to the CDC data . But Kamrava achieved a live birth 10 percent of the time , according to CDC data for his clinic . "  He has terrible statistics , " says Miller . Other doctors say he had to put in a large number of embryos to get any success at all . Miller and other experts in the fertility field say it 's not talked about a lot , but Kamrava is not the only one implanting such a large number of embryos . "  This is not an isolated case , " says Pamela Madsen , a fertility blogger and founder of the American Fertility Association . "  It 's more common than you might think for a patient to stumble upon a doctor who 's willing to deviate from the norm . " Consumer Tips Blog : What not to say to infertile friends , family So , before you select a fertility doctor , do your homework . Start by clicking on the CDC 's Fertility Clinic Reports page to find information for a fertility clinic you 're interested in . Look for the line "  percentage of cycles resulting in live births . " This tells you how often a clinic was able to achieve a live birth , or in layman 's terms , the clinic 's "  success rate . " Farther down , the line "  percentage of pregnancies with triplets or more " lets you know how often a clinic had a pregnancy with high-order multiples . "  Anything more than a singleton or twins is risky , " Miller says . "  Even twins have higher risks of having health and developmental problems . People go to the shopping mall and see double strollers and say , ` Oh , how cute . ' They do n't see the ones who are n't able to leave the house . " You can compare an individual clinic 's rates with the national average on the CDC 's page with national fertility statistics . . Madsen also recommends talking to other patients about their experience with fertility doctors . The groups Resolve and Fertile Thoughts both have popular online forums and discussion boards . "  If you post a doctor 's name and nobody 's heard of him , that 's a red flag , " Madsen says . To learn more about the terms you 'll hear about on these Web sites and in doctor 's offices , take a look at this glossary of fertility terms . Madsen says another sign of a good fertility doctor is one who wo n't yield to patients ' pressure to implant a large number of embryos . "  Patients really need to be aware that a doctor simply pleasing them may not actually be good medical practice , " she says . CNN 's Marcy Heard and Jennifer Pifer-Bixler contributed to this report .	Birth of octuplets in late January turned unflattering spotlight on fertility clinics Many are asking why a doctor would implant six embryos in woman under 35 Compare a prospective fertility clinic 's stats with national average on CDC Web site Visit online forums and discussion boards for information on fertility doctors
CNN  -- Henry Cavill has n't slipped into his "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice " cape yet , but this is a start . On Monday , the Internet got its first look at Cavill as Clark Kent in the "  Man of Steel " sequel courtesy of the Royal Marines Charitable Trust Fund . The U.K.-based organization works with current and retired Royal Marines and their families with a mission of giving them a better way of life , and British actor Cavill is one of the charity 's big supporters . In the photo shared by RMCTF , Cavill 's seen on the "  Batman v Superman " set wearing the kind of straitlaced suit and tie that Superman 's alter-ego , Clark Kent , would favor .  And since he 's standing next to a director 's chair bearing the name "  Clark , " the presumption is that Cavill appears dressed in character as the Daily Planet reporter . There is n't much else to fill fans in on what director Zack Snyder is cooking up for his 2016 release , but we already know that the movie is filming in some disparate locations : Warner Bros. confirmed in May that production on "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice " will take place in Detroit , Michigan , as well as various international locales . In addition to Cavill , "  Batman v Superman " also stars Ben Affleck as Batman , Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman , Jeremy Irons as Alfred and Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor . "  Man of Steel " stars Laurence Fishburne and Amy Adams will reprise their roles of Perry White and Lois Lane , respectively . Written by Chris Terrio , "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice " is slated to arrive on May 6 , 2016 .	The RMCTF tweeted a photo of Henry Cavill as Clark Kent The British actor is a supporter of the RMCTF Cavill will co-star with Ben Affleck in the 2016 movie
CNN  -- With her weight-loss challenge , Shape Up Vicksburg , Linda Fondren is helping her Mississippi hometown banish the bulge . Through the group 's free fitness activities and nutrition classes , Vicksburg residents have lost nearly 15,000 pounds to date . Below are Fondren 's thoughts on being chosen as a Top 10 CNN Hero for 2010 . Q : Where were you when you got the call that you 'd been selected as a Top 10 CNN Hero ? Linda Fondren : I had gathered my assistant together in my office -LSB- at my gym -RSB- to discuss the details of Shape Up Vicksburg -- Get Healthy Walk . ... When I answered the phone and heard , "  This is CNN , " I thought , "  Oh ! A follow-up of how things are going . " It did not cross my overloaded mind about being a CNN Top 10 Hero . ... But there was something different in the caller 's voice . My attention -LSB- was focused on -RSB- the present moment . I wanted to do so much more and had been looking into grants , donations , anything to keep me going . My eyes watered first as I clutched the phone a little tighter . She explained something about the Blue Ribbon Panel and said "  selected as one of the Top 10 . " I had to contain my emotions , as my office has a glass door , so members of the gym can see me . Containing my excitement , I turned my chair away from the glass door and looked at the blue sky . I was overjoyed , my heart sang with moments of "  Thank you , thank you , thank you ! " It was going pitter-pat , pitter-pat , but I know it 's OK because I work out ! Q : What does it mean for the Blue Ribbon Panel to select you as a Top 10 Hero ? Fondren : I feel like a gift has been given and I can really use it to help others who are struggling . ... I feel like someone is paying attention , and I feel extremely honored . The Blue Ribbon Panel consists of heroes picking another hero . I feel like -LSB- they -RSB- are celebrating and helping another person make a difference in the lives of many . Q : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Fondren : Shape Up Vicksburg brought something magical to the community . We learned others ' life stories . We planted something new in the state of Mississippi that people would n't expect . And , most importantly , we are healthier . I hope that Shape Up Vicksburg can show that we are all heroes when we are responsible . We are heroes when we serve as examples ... and help each other .	Linda Fondren started Shape Up Vicksburg to help her hometown lose weight On being selected as a Top 10 CNN Hero : "  I was overjoyed " Fondren calls the selection "  a gift " that she can use to help others who are struggling
PEOPLE.com  -- Ali Landry and her husband , director Alejandro Monteverde , welcomed their second child Saturday in Los Angeles -- a boy named Marcelo Alejandro -- the actress 's rep tells PEOPLE exclusively . Shortly after announcing her pregnancy , the former Doritos spokeswoman , 38 , told PEOPLE in June that she was using grilled cheese sandwiches to battle morning sickness . At the time , Landry also said she would be "  really nervous " if she had a boy . Turns out , she had a big boy : Marcelo was 8 lbs and 21 inches long at birth . Landry and Monteverde , 34 , also have a daughter , 4-year-old Estela . See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ali Landry and her husband welcomed their second child Saturday Marcelo Alejandro was 8 lbs and 21 inches long at birth Landry and Monteverde , 34 , also have a daughter , 4-year-old Estela
CNN  -- Many Google users probably did n't notice this month that they can now display their search tips in the Hawaiian language . Hawaiian is one of more than 125 "  interface languages " now available on Google . Wedged between Hausa and Hebrew , Hawaiian is one of more than 125 "  interface languages " now available on Google . The list also includes some humorous twists on English , including "  pirate , " "  Klingon " and "  Elmer Fudd . " But for Hawaiian educators , the addition of Hawaiian is a small step toward legitimizing a language that is considered "  critically endangered " by the United Nations . "  It 's the capstone of a lot of work , " said Keola Donaghy , an assistant professor of Hawaiian studies at the University of Hawaii-Hilo . "  We 've been doing this work for 18 years , simply trying to make it easier for people who speak Hawaiian to use these kinds of technologies . " It marks the first native American language available through the "  Google in Your Language " program . Getting started It took Donaghy several years to get the project off the ground through the "  Google in Your Language " program , which was launched by the California-based company not long after it was founded in 1998 . "  The idea was to enable users worldwide to be able to access Google in the language of their choice , and if it was n't available , to enable users to help make it so , " Google spokesman Nate Tyler said . "  Why limit users to a set of dominant languages if they were willing to help make Google their own ? " The results of the search are still in English , although the user can select a preference for Web pages written in more than 40 other main languages . Google works with linguists like Donaghy who are interested in translating search instructions into their language . "  Volunteers sign up on their own to provide translation , " Tyler explained . "  They simply sign themselves up , declare a language proficiency , and then start translating or reviewing the products that are available for volunteer translation . "  When the translations are completed , we make the product  s  available in that language . Recent other languages like this include Maori language . " It was the Maori project , launched last year , that actually helped get Donaghy 's initiative off the ground . Three years ago , Donaghy started e-mailing and calling Google about a Hawaiian language project , but he got no response . He put the project on hold until last year . "  When I heard the Maori version came out , I asked Google about it , " Donaghy said . "  Apparently the original  language  coordinator had gone and as soon as a new coordinator was brought online , they set up the system . " Donaghy began working on the massive translation project sometime late last year . "  It was whenever I could find an hour or two in between teaching or other duties , " he said . "  It was a combination of personal and work time . " He spent more than 100 hours translating the search terms that appear on the Google page into Hawaiian through the program . "  I did the actual translation from beginning to end , and then I consulted with my colleagues at the university who have worked on these projects in the past , " Donaghy said . "  I wanted to be very consistent -- such as how you say ` Go to this menu and select this ' -- or people may become confused . " What 's Hawaiian for ` browsing ' the Web ' ? Some of the Hawaiian words for terms such as "  links " or "  Web browser " had already been established when Donaghy and others worked on translating the Netscape Navigator search engine in 1997 . "  Over the years , we usually face the debate of do we want to ` Hawaiianize ' an English word , or take an old Hawaiian word and give it a new meaning , " he said . He explained some of the challenges in translating terms , such as "  browsing " or "  surfing , " into Hawaiian . "  People use the term ` surf the Internet ' and they 'll say ` he'e nalu ' which is literally surfing the ocean out on a board , " he explained . "  But we use ` kele , ' which is what you do when you 're steering a canoe . So we chose that as you 're navigating the net . " Donaghy finished the translation project in April , but there were issues with the code for the search engine that would not activate the Hawaiian language interface . The Hawaiian language interface actually launched on Apple 's Safari browser first because Donaghy had worked with Apple to ensure that the language 's diacritical marks and characters were available on the company 's computers . "  Now , it comes with every computer that they ship , " he said . See and hear phrases in Hawaiian " Some Apple computer users who had selected Hawaiian as their primary language for other programs noticed a couple of weeks ago that Google 's search terms started appearing in Hawaiian , too . "  People started calling me and asking , ` Did you hack into my computer ? My Google is in Hawaiian , ' " Donaghy said . "  And that was the point I said , ` OK , word is getting out about this ' and I put out a news release . I was afraid someone was going to start freaking out , ` Why is my computer in Hawaiian ? ' " Important milestone for Hawaii 's culture The initiative is an important milestone for Hawaiian linguists and cultural educators who have pushed to have their native language taught in schools alongside English . It was n't until the 1980s that the law banning the Hawaiian language from being taught in schools was overturned . The law was established in the late 19th century as a prerequisite to Hawaii becoming a U.S. territory . Today , more and more Hawaiians are studying and majoring in Hawaiian language programs . There are Hawaiian language immersion programs in which English is taught as a second language . Mona Wood , a Hawaiian speaker and owner of a public relations firm in Honolulu , said there has been a kind of Hawaiian language "  renaissance " in the state since the late 1970s . "  Even tourism has been learning and growing and realizing that our ` host culture ' must be added to the visitor experience , " Wood said . "  There are many more programs available at hotels and shopping malls that were n't there 20 years ago . " Wood said that when she studied Hawaiian in college , it was under the foreign languages department . "  It has been so wonderful to see so many of our youth embrace the native culture and see the programs expand to the point where there is an entire Hawaiian Studies Department , " she said . "  One can now get a B.A.  Bachelor of Arts  and M.A.  Master of Arts  in Hawaiian language . " Wood -- who owns Ikaika Communications , which represents local officials , local and national companies and celebrities including Duane "  Dog the Bounty Hunter " Chapman -- said that when she was growing up , "  Our culture was dying in every way . " "  Learning my roots came through my own curiosity -- choosing to take hula lessons when my mom wanted me to take piano , " she said . "  Then I went to the Hawaiian High School , Kamehameha , and continued with some Hawaiian classes and joined a club at UH  University of Hawaii  . "  Seeing Hawaiian knowledge becoming an asset over the years has been truly satisfying , " she said . Donaghy hopes the Google initiative is another step toward giving Hawaiian "  the same status as English and other major European and Asian languages " -- particularly in the fast-moving sector of technology . "  To me personally it 's very important that we are giving the opportunity to have as many things in Hawaiian as in English , " he said . "  So if we had not begun to address technology in the early 1990s , we would be telling people that this is a place where Hawaiian does n't belong . You have to revert to English . "  We did n't want to send that kind of message so we 've worked to make the language more accessible . "	Google search terms now available in Hawaiian Keola Donaghy spent 100 hours translating for "  Google in Your Language " program Hawaiian is considered a "  critically endangered " language by the U.N. It is the only native American language available in Google search preferences
CNN  -- Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso has slammed Formula One 's rules on car testing , describing the regulations as like asking footballers to train with tennis balls or tennis stars to play with bats . The two-time world champion questioned the wisdom of the current rules , which allows one three-day in-season test in addition to a number of officially sanctioned pre-season tests . The Spaniard , who won the drivers ' championship in 2005 and 2006 , said there was only so much a team could learn from using computer simulators , explaining that some drivers look elsewhere in a bid for much-needed practice . "  How much a new technical component can deliver in terms of performance remains a question mark after being tried out only on the simulator , " the 30-year-old told a press conference at Ferrari 's annual Wroom media event . "  F1 is one of the very few sports in which training is forbidden ... It 's like telling Lionel Messi to train with a little tennis ball or Rafael Nadal to play with a ping-pong bat ... We go karting because we have no alternative . " The restrictions on testing mean some drivers turn to other motorsport disciplines , with Poland 's Robert Kubica suffering compound fractures to his right elbow , shoulder and leg in a rallying accident last February . Kubica missed the whole of the 2011 season due to the crash and suffered a further setback on Wednesday when it was announced that he had broken his right leg during a fall at his home in Italy . The 27-year-old had already ruled out a comeback in time for the start of the 2012 world championship , with his former team Renault , now known as Lotus , recruiting an all-new driver line-up of 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen and Frenchman Romain Grosjean . But the recently renamed marque 's principal , Eric Boullier , took the time to praise Kubica 's courage and wish him a speedy recovery . "  Robert has shown fantastic courage and determination in his rehabilitation following the accident last year , " Boullier told the team 's official website . "  It is sad to hear that he has suffered this setback . On behalf of everyone at Lotus Renault GP , I would like to wish Robert a quick recovery . " Before news of Kubica 's latest injury emerged , Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali had been discussing the possibility of the former Sauber driver joining the Italian outfit as a replacement for Brazilian Felipe Massa . The future of Massa , who joined Ferrari in 2006 , has been the subject of widespread speculation after a disappointing 2011 season saw him finish sixth in the drivers ' standings . Domenicali described Kubica as a great driver , but stopped short of confirming or denying Ferrari 's interest in him . "  Robert is a great driver , but he had very severe injuries and he is still working hard just to get back to normal living , " he said . "  We need to wait and see . That kind of injury takes a long time to recover from . " The 2012 F1 season will begin on March 18 with the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne . Meanwhile , Thursday 's 11th stage of the Dakar Rally saw both overall leaders consolidate their advantages with victories in the 478km leg from Arica in Chile to Arequipa in Peru . Frenchman Stephane Peterhansel finished three minutes 44 seconds ahead of Nani Roma of Spain in the car section and now leads his fellow-Mini driver by 22 minutes and 49 seconds . American Robby Gordon 's challenge finally ended , as more problems with his Hummer meant he limped home nearly two hours behind to slip to fourth place overall and completely out of contention barring a miracle . Another Frenchman , Cyril Despres , extended his lead to 2:22 over fellow-KTM rider and defending champion Marc Coma in the motorcycle section , after his fourth stage victory . Despres came home 1:39 ahead of Gerard Farres Guell , with Coma back in third place , although the gap is still comparatively small with three stages still remaining .	Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso criticizes Formula One 's testing regulations The Spaniard says it is like asking footballers to play with tennis balls Current rules allow one three-day in-season test and a number of pre-season tests Robert Kubica suffers a broken leg after a fall at his home in Italy
CNN  -- His was a suicide with a macabre twist . In February , former Chicago Bears safety David Duerson shot himself in the chest , but not before leaving behind a note requesting his brain be studied for evidence of a disease striking football players . The plaintive note read , "  Please , see that my brain is given to the NFL 's brain bank . " Today , scientists announced that Duerson 's brain tissue showed "  moderately advanced " evidence of chronic traumatic encephalopathy , a dementia-like brain disease afflicting athletes exposed to repeated brain trauma . "  Dave Duerson had classic pathology of CTE and no evidence of any other disease , " said Dr. Ann McKee , a neuropathologist with the Bedford VA Medical Center , and co-director of the Boston University School of Medicine Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy . "  He had severe involvement of areas that control judgment , inhibition , impulse control , mood and memory . " CTE has been found in the brains of 14 of 15 former NFL players thus far studied at the center . Their cases share a common thread -- repeated concussions , sub-concussive blows to the head , or both . The picture beginning to emerge from these cases is that trauma could be causing brain damage . A brain with CTE is riddled with dense clumps of a protein called tau . Under a microscope , tau appears as brown tangles that look similar to dementia . Except the cases of CTE have shown this progressive , dementia-like array in players well in advance of a typical dementia diagnosis , which typically occurs in the 70s or 80s . Mike Webster , an offensive lineman with the Pittsburgh Steelers whose CTE was also diagnosed posthumously , was 50 when he died . John Grimsley , a nine-year NFL veteran who played most of his career with the Houston Oilers , was 45 , and Duerson was 50 . Scientists at Boston University have found evidence of CTE in the brain of an athlete as young as 18 . "  To see the kind of changes we 're seeing in 45-year-olds is basically unheard of , " said McKee in an earlier interview with CNN . Duerson suffered a minimum of 10 known concussions during the course of his career , some of them involving loss of consciousness , said Dr. Robert Stern , co-director of the Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy . Symptoms that nagged Duerson after he retired from the NFL in 1993 were typical of cases such as Webster and Grimsley , including problems with impulse control , an increasingly short fuse and headaches . Duerson 's ex-wife said that while playing professionally , the head trauma he bore on the field would become plain after games ended . "  Sometimes he would come home with extreme headaches , " said Alicia Duerson during an interview with CNN in February . "  We would meet after the game and he would want me to drive because he felt dizziness or he just did n't feel stable . " Alicia Duerson said that several years before he died , her husband had been extremely bright , articulate and gifted . But as time wore on , he began to lose those faculties . Duerson began to have trouble forming coherent sentences and spelling . Alongside cognitive and emotional problems , a business that he established after his NFL career was failing . The tragic culmination of his problems was his suicide February 17 of this year . "  We do seem to be seeing an increased rate in athletes who have early and moderate stage CTE , " said McKee , adding the caveat that the Boston University sample is autopsy-based and therefore inherently biased . Duerson 's death , and specifically the decision to shoot himself in the chest , apparently to avoid damaging his brain tissue , shocked members of his family and the football community . Duerson 's is the first case in the CTE narrative in which a player ostensibly took his own life to have his brain studied . "  It 's important for people to understand that it does not help our research or our mission of the CSTE to take their own lives because they fear they have this disease , " said Stern . "  The future will lead to successful treatment of this disease . " Duerson 's son Tregg said the analysis of his father 's brain -- the answers to questions about his death -- has given the family a measure of closure . "  It is my greatest hope that his death will not be in vain and that through this research his legacy will live on and others wo n't have to suffer in this manner , " said Tregg Duerson .	Dave Duerson had classic pathology of CTE and no evidence of any other disease CTE has been found in the brains of 14 of 15 former NFL players thus far Duerson suffered a minimum of 10 known concussions during the course of his career
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The State Department issued a report Wednesday sharply critical of China 's human rights record , despite the Obama administration 's decision to take a different approach to the Asian country . In India on Wednesday , Tibetans living in exile protest Chinese rule in Tibet . "  The government of China 's human rights record remained poor and worsened in some areas , " the report said in reviewing the last year , finding Chinese authorities "  committed extrajudicial killings and torture , coerced confessions of prisoners and used forced labor . " The "  2008 Country Reports on Human Rights Practices , " the annual report of human rights around the world , also accused China of "  severe cultural and religious repression " of minorities in Tibet and other regions and increasing harassment and detention of dissidents and activists who signed a petition calling for respect of human rights . China limits the rights of citizens to privacy and freedom of speech , assembly , movement and association , the report said . It also noted that abuses peaked around high-profile events like last year 's Olympic Games in Beijing . The critical report stands in sharp contrast to the lower-key approach Secretary of State Hillary Clinton took last week on her visit to Beijing . Clinton broached the issue of human rights with Chinese leaders , but drew criticism from human rights activists for downplaying the issue 's importance in the overall relationship with China . "  Our pressing on those issues ca n't interfere with the global economic crisis , the global climate change crisis , and the security crisis , " she told reporters traveling with her , adding , "  It is essential that the United States and China have a positive , cooperative relationship . " In the past , Clinton has been an outspoken , staunch critic of China 's human rights stance . But officials have said privately that a new approach to dealing with China 's human rights record , including less public criticism and more private discussions , may prove more productive in changing Chinese behavior . While not delving into U.S. human rights practices , the report acknowledged that the U.S. human rights record remains a concern around the world , and it said President Obama has vowed to apply global human rights ideals at home . "  The Department of State remains mindful of both domestic and international scrutiny of the United States ' record , " the report said . "  We and all other sovereign nations have international obligations to respect the universal human rights and freedoms of our citizens , and it is the responsibility of others to speak out when they believe those obligations are not being fulfilled . "	Report contrasts with lower-key approach Clinton took on her visit to Beijing Review for 2008 alleges extrajudicial killings , torture , coerced confessions Clinton had said "  pressing on those issues ca n't interfere " with other crises Report acknowledges U.S. human rights record is a concern around the world
Afton Burton was 16 and living with her parents in Illinois when she discovered Charles Manson . Now , nine years later , her name is Star , she 's 25 years old , and she considers herself Charles Manson 's wife , even though it is n't official yet . "  He filed for the first round of paperwork , " says Star , who says she 's in love with the 79-year-old convicted murderer . "  I 'm completely with him , and he 's completely with me . It 's what I was born for , you know . I do n't know what else to say . " Star says she was first attracted to Manson after reading about ATWA , Manson 's environmental philosophy that stands for air , trees , water , animals . "  It 's the life on the planet , you know , " Star says . "  The Earth is a rock and everything else on it is ATWA . " Why people still pay attention to Manson After a few years of sending letters and talking to Manson on the phone , Star , at age 19 , moved to Corcoran , a small central California city that 's home to Corcoran State Prison , where Charles Manson has lived for the past 25 years . She talks to Manson almost every day by phone and visits him on most weekends . "  We talk about anything and everything , you know , like what 's going ' on today -- who 's doing what . I try to help him file papers and stuff like that , " the slender brunette says . The prison limits physical contact . During visits , Star and Manson can only hug each other at the beginning and end . Because Manson is serving a life sentence , they wo n't be allowed conjugal visits , even if they 're officially married . Star says she knows people think she 's crazy . "  I do n't care what those kind of people think . It does n't make any difference , " she says . "  The man that I know is not what they have in the movies or in documentaries and the books . He 's nothing like that . He does n't tell people what to do . He 's not manipulative at all . " Star spends her days painting and maintaining several of Manson 's social media sites , including MansonDirect.com . Her goal is to try to get Manson out of prison , arguing that he had nothing to do with the seven Tate-LaBianca murders that he was convicted of masterminding . "  Charlie never believed in something called Helter Skelter . That did n't have anything to do with why those people were killed , " she says of the theory prosecutors used that Manson persuaded a group of followers to kill wealthy white people to incite a race war by framing the Black Panthers . "  He never ever thought any of that stuff . That 's ridiculous , " says an emphatic Star . "  That 's crazy . " Star is fiercely loyal to Manson . She still has a scar from when she shaved her head and carved an X in her forehead two years ago , an act similar to what girls in the so-called Manson Family did during his 1971 trial . She says she did it at Manson 's request as a protest after he was put in solitary confinement . Critics believe Star is being manipulated by Manson , and that ATWA is just a ploy to get young people like her to pay attention to him . "  The only thing that he 's trying to manipulate people into doing is planting trees and cleaning up the Earth . He genuinely cares about that , " says Star . "  He 's nice to everyone . I 've never seen him try to be manipulative . I 've never seen any of that . " Star says Manson , who turns 80 in November , is in good health , and she does n't think about what she plans to do with her life after he 's gone . California governor reverses parole for Charles Manson associate	Woman discovers convicted killer Charles Manson at age 16 Now 25 , she has moved to be closer to him and they plan to marry She says she was first attracted to Manson by his environmental philosophy
CNN  -- Investigators have made three arrests in connection with the theft of a missing police captain 's truck and have linked the vehicle to a Sunday night robbery in which one person was shot , Virginia State Police announced Wednesday . But while detectives have made "  a significant amount of progress in a short amount of time , " they have not yet found 45-year-old Kevin Quick , who has been missing since Friday night , state police spokeswoman Corinne Geller told reporters . Two sisters and a brother were arrested Tuesday night at a hotel in the Washington suburb of Alexandria , Geller said . Daniel Mathis and his sister Mersadies Shelton have been charged with grand larceny in the theft of Quick 's 1999 Toyota 4Runner , while the second sister , Shantai Shelton , was picked up on an outstanding warrant from Louisa County , east of Charlottesville , where Sunday night 's armed robbery took place , she said . The 18-year-old Mathis also was charged with robbery , malicious wounding and a variety of weapons-related charges in connection with the Sunday night robbery , but no details of that holdup were released . Mathis and his sisters were being held without bond Wednesday evening , Geller said . Donald Lowe , chief deputy sheriff in Louisa County , said the Sunday night holdup took place at a rural home . Investigators "  were able to capture information " about a vehicle that led to the arrests Tuesday night , but no further details were disclosed . "  We 're very limited on what we can actually release at this time , " Lowe said . Quick is an auxiliary police captain in Waynesboro , west of Charlottesville . He was last seen at his mother 's house in Afton about 10:15 p.m. Friday , and was reported missing after failing to show up for a brother 's birthday party Saturday afternoon . The 4Runner was captured by surveillance cameras at automatic teller machines twice . The first time was in the town of Fork Union , about 50 miles from Afton , about 11:40 Friday night ; the second was in Manassas , on the outskirts of Washington , on Saturday night , Geller said . Each time , the same two people were in the picture , she said -- but authorities have n't said which , if any , of those arrested were in the image . The 4Runner turned up parked under a carport in Mineral , more than 30 miles northeast of Fork Union , on Monday . Investigators combed that area on foot Wednesday in hopes of finding some sign of Quick , said Sgt. Brian Edwards , a Waynesboro police spokesman . But that search ended unsuccessfully , Geller said . Virginia State Police say they suspect foul play in his disappearance , and civic leaders have put up $ 30,000 in reward money for information that helps find him . "  Capt. Quick is a very outgoing person , " Edwards said . "  He had a lot of street credibility . He automatically commanded respect . " Fork Union is one of two towns where Quick 's silver 1999 Toyota 4Runner has been spotted since he was last seen . The other was a sighting later in Manassas , near Washington -- nearly 100 miles away . Police have linked two men to Quick 's SUV and released a photo of one of them : The man wears a hooded sweatshirt that covers much of his face . Authorities hope the public can help them track him down for questioning . Quick had planned a big bash Saturday for his brother 's 40th birthday -- hiring a DJ , hanging decorations and inviting friends and relatives to join in the fun . But the host never showed , prompting his family to start searching for him . "  When he never showed , that was when people could tell there was something really wrong , " Edwards said . "  Family was really important to him . He would n't just ditch out on the family . " Quick 's family is deeply rooted in Waynesboro , a city of about 21,000 residents along the edge of the Appalachian Mountains , and has strong ties to its police department . Kevin Quick 's late father joined Waynesboro police 's reserve arm in 1983 . His eldest son joined him in 1990 , ascending the ranks over the subsequent years . The middle brother , Glenn , is an officer with the U.S. Capitol Police in Washington and has joined the search around Fork Union , Edwards said . Quick worked in the reserves while working day jobs , including the past 15 years as a production coordinator for the synthetic fabrics company Invista . He was laid off three weeks ago , according to court papers , and given a severance package in what Edwards called an "  amicable " separation . The severance package had not yet been accounted for , according to a police affidavit filed as part of a request for a search warrant . The application asked Quick 's bank for records of his transactions since January 1 . Quick had been legally separated from his wife since 2007 , but their divorce was not final , Edwards said . He said another woman gave birth to Quick 's daughter four months ago , and he was headed to their home in Charlottesville when he disappeared . He had been living with his mother in Afton and took her to breakfast on Friday -- the last time his credit card had been used , Edwards said . He spent that day prepping for his brother 's surprise party , then texted his child 's mother to tell her he was on the way . His phone has been turned off since just before 11 p.m. Friday , according to the search warrant paperwork . When the party 's 1 p.m. Saturday start time rolled around and there was no Kevin , his family suspected something was up . According to Edwards , authorities have already ruled out the possibility that he disappeared of his own accord . He was not involved in any undercover or large-scale operations : His duties involved administrative issues and training , Edwards said . He was off-duty at the time and had no known adversaries or enemies , but his status as a police officer "  does bring into question whether or not he could have been targeted , " the spokesman said . Authorities have "  traced every possible route that he could have taken " between the various locations as part of extensive air and ground searches , Geller said . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Three arrested , but no sign of missing police captain , Virginia authorities say Missing officer 's truck linked to Sunday night holdup , state police report Kevin Quick was last seen Friday night Authorities ask for help in locating 2 men whom photos link to Quick 's Toyota SUV
CNN  -- Shortly after 9 a.m. on Friday , a man identified as Jeffrey Johnson shot a former co-worker outside the Empire State Building with a .45 - caliber weapon . A courageous civilian saw what happened and alerted two NYPD officers . After the police caught up with Johnson , he pulled his weapon out of a bag and pointed it at the officers who had been performing counterterrorism duties . The officers fired 16 shots , killing Johnson . In the exchange of fire , nine bystanders were injured . As a rule , it takes a lot to get NYPD officers to fire their guns at anyone . Despite a handful of isolated , but highly publicized , exceptions to this rule when officers have shot unarmed individuals over the past decade and a half , New York 's 35,000-officer force remains a worldwide model of firearms restraint and veneration for human life . The nation 's largest police department instills in its officers that the decision to fire a weapon is momentous and should only be considered after every reasonable alternative has been exhausted . Only when officers feel that a suspect is a clear and imminent danger to them or others can they resort to using their firearms . Then , they must take care to not needlessly endanger innocent people who might be in the way . In rapidly unfolding and completely unpredictable situations , assessing the need to use firearms is often a split-second decision . It can mean the difference between life and death . Officers have to sift through confusion , fear and fragmented information . In the incident outside of the Empire State Building , it is made more difficult because the street is one of the busiest in America . The officers had to take into account the risk of the gunman hurting potentially many people in the vicinity were he not stopped . When New York officers do use firearm , it is a matter of great importance to the department . Shootings are vigorously reviewed . Officers are questioned thoroughly and can be ordered to undergo additional training . They can be disciplined and even terminated . The police department pores over each shooting and tries to glean insights that can help better train cops . The message is clear : Firing a gun must remain the rarest of rare events . For prosecutors and police executives reviewing events when all the facts are known afterward , it is a different story . Officers can be criticized for too much action or for too much restraint when things do n't go well . Fortunately , in the incident today , the bystanders who were shot were not seriously hurt . Street officers are always interested in better ways to handle unpredictable situations , and police departments everywhere can not provide enough quality hands on training for front line cops . Excellent training in firearms restraint is a vital tool that has helped drive down NYPD shootings over time . In 1972 , New York 's finest were involved in almost 1,000 incidents in which firearms were discharged ; in 2010 , that number was just 92 . Good thing , too , because no matter the training or innate restraint of the police , there really is no safe way to deal with shootings in a crowded city . Ultimately , the outcome is always uncertain . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eugene O'Donnell .	On Friday morning , a gunman shot a former co-worker outside the Empire State Building Eugene O'Donnell : For the NYPD , firing a gun must remain the rarest of rare events He says it is hard to make the right decision in rapidly unfolding and unpredictable situations O'Donnell : Ultimately , there really is no safe way to deal with shootings in a crowded city
CNN  -- They are some of the last thoughts of a serial killer , found on blood-soaked , handwritten and often poetic notes in his Alaska jail cell after he took his own life . "  Speak soft in your ear so you know that it 's true . You may have been free , you loved living your lie , fate had its own scheme , crushed like a bug you still die , " Israel Keyes wrote . Keyes killed himself in December . He was in custody in the killing of barista Samantha Koenig , 18 , whom he abducted from a coffee stand in Anchorage , Alaska , last February . Koenig was one of at least eight people Keyes admitted to killing , but he may have taken other lives , police have said . Keyes ' notes were released by the FBI on Wednesday after they were cleaned up at the bureau 's lab in Quantico , Virginia . They were found under his body , written in a combination of pencil and ink on a yellow legal pad , the FBI said in a statement . The bureau said the notes do n't confirm any of his killings , add any new victims to his grisly toll , or offer any other clues that might help their investigation . It said an analysis showed no hidden messages or code in the four pages . But a read of them does give a glimpse into Keyes ' mind , apparently describing how it felt to take a life and the disdain in which he held much of American society . "  I looked in your eyes , they were so dark , warm and trusting as though you had not a worry or care . The more guiless  sp  the gaze the better potential to fill up those pools with your fear , " Keyes wrote at one point . "  Your wet lips were a promise of a secret unspoke . Nervous laugh it burst like a pulse of blood from your throat . There will be no more laughter here , " he wrote later . "  Forget the lady called luck . She does not abide near me for her powers do n't extend to those who are deceased , " Keyes also wrote . Shortly after the killer 's suicide in December , Anchorage police Detective Monique Doll described Keyes as a murder addict , saying police interviews with him showed he got "  an immense amount of enjoyment " from killing . "  Israel Keyes never expressed in any way , shape or form that he was ashamed of or regretted his actions , " Doll said in December . "  He knew what he was and he was fine with it . " While he held no remorse , his writing indicates that he did n't think people in general cared for each other at all . "  Soon now , you 'll join those ranks of dead , or you 're ashes the wind will soon blow . Family and friends will shed a few tears , pretend it 's off to heaven you go . But the reality is you were just bones and meat , and with your brain died also your soul , " Keyes wrote . Keyes criticizes U.S. society elsewhere in the four pages . "  Consume what you do n't need , stars you idolize , pursue what you admit is a dream , then it 's American die , " he wrote . And he appears to rip the American worker . "  Punch in the clock and sit on your ass , playing stupid ass games on your phone . Paper on your wall says you got smarts , but you still crawl like the vermin you are once your precious power grids blown , " Keyes wrote . On the last page of the note , Keyes may be referring to his impending suicide or to another of his victims , but his words are disturbing . "  Okay , all is over , words are flaccid and weak . Back it with action or it all comes off as cheap . Watch close while I work now , feel the electric of my touch , open my trembling flower , or your petals I 'll crush . "	Israel Keyes admitted to eight killings Blood-soaked note was found in Keyes ' cell after his suicide Police have described Keyes as a murder addict
Fort Collins , Colorado  CNN  -- The lawyer of a Colorado father accused of carrying out a bizarre hoax involving his son and a huge balloon said Monday that official charges in the case could be filed next week . Authorities announced that Richard Heene and his wife , Mayumi Heene , face several felony charges , but David Lane said the sheriff was overreaching with the charges . "  It 's piling on and it 's using charges that really are n't designed to fit this sort of allegation , " Lane said on "  Larry King Live . " "  The attempt to influence a public official fraudulently , that 's bribing a public official . That 's not what happened here . " The Heenes face charges of conspiracy , contributing to the delinquency of a minor and attempting to influence a public servant , Larimer County Sheriff Jim Alderden said Sunday . The family also probably will be charged with filing a false police report , which is a misdemeanor , Alderden said . Lane has said that the couple is "  not running from the law " and deserves the presumption of innocence . "  The sheriff having a press conference saying that they 're guilty does not make them so , " Lane told CNN 's "  American Morning . " Authorities say the event -- in which the tearful couple said their 6-year-old might have been trapped in the drifting balloon -- was staged . Richard and Mayumi Heene had met in a Hollywood acting school and pursued fame for their family in the world of reality TV , Alderden said . Lane , asked Monday by CNN about his client 's state of mind , said it was "  what you would expect someone 's state of mind to be after law enforcement searched your house , seized your property , held a press conference announcing you 're about to be charged with felony criminal charges . Your state of mind would be rather upset and you would feel somewhat under siege , which is exactly how the family feels at this point . " During the incident Thursday , as millions worldwide watched live TV coverage of the contraption floating above northern Colorado , authorities did not pick up on any deceptive behavior , Alderden said . But that night , during an interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " the boy , Falcon , gave authorities an "  Aha ! moment , " Alderden said . "  You guys said we did this for the show , " Falcon said in the interview , when his father asked him why he had not come out from hiding when his parents were looking for him . Richard and Mayumi Heene said their son was simply confused . Lane said on "  Larry King Live " on Monday that he thinks Falcon was referring to his demonstration to reporters of how he hid from view . But authorities enacted a game plan to get the truth , Alderden said . The plan included misleading the media on Friday when Alderden said authorities still believed the incident was not a hoax . They wanted to keep the couple 's trust , the sheriff said . Investigators pursued separate interviews and polygraph tests with the Heene parents Saturday , then searched the couple 's home early Sunday for computer records , phone records , video recordings and other potential evidence , Alderden said . "  The sheriff put both of them on a box , and they have not shared with us whether or not they passed or failed , " Lane told "  American Morning " on Monday . Polygraphs are not admissible in court , Lane added . Alderden said that , under Colorado law , authorities can not announce whether polygraph tests were taken -- only that authorities pursued them . He added that authorities plan to seek restitution for the expenses incurred in the wild goose chase for Falcon . Because authorities are n't required to share evidence until charges are filed , Lane said he could not lay out the Heenes ' defense . "  Until that point ... I 'm shooting in the dark , " he said , adding , "  If they have probable cause to make an arrest , then make an arrest and give me the evidence . " iReport.com : "  Outraged " over balloon hoax Alderden , speaking at a news conference Sunday , said authorities are concerned about the safety of all three Heene children , ages 6 , 8 , and 10 . Authorities spoke with Mayumi Heene about domestic violence and the children 's safety , the sheriff said . "  But we did n't have enough that would allow us or child protection services to physically take the kids from that environment . " A 9-1-1 call from the home earlier this year led authorities to a "  suspicious circumstance " that the sheriff said might have involved "  domestic violence , perhaps against the wife . " Lane told CNN affiliate KMGH on Sunday that he has "  no reason to believe they 're anything but loving parents . " iReport.com : "  Balloon boy saga is symptom , not disease " Speaking to CNN on Monday , Lane said the Heene children were in his office Sunday , and that by his observations as a father of three , "  They seem to be perfectly , normal , happy , well-adjusted kids that are being insulated from this process as much as possible . " During a round of live TV interviews Friday morning , Falcon was sick , which many speculate was because he was upset about the incident . One of the questions that remains unanswered is where Falcon was as the balloon drifted . On Friday , Alderden said it had been determined that the boy was hiding in an attic in the garage . Now , authorities are unsure . Alderden said the boy might not have even been in the home . The Heenes have previously appeared on the ABC program "  Wife Swap . " Richard Heene also chases storms , brings his family along and takes videos . TLC , which produces the show "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 " -- told CNN that the Heenes had "  approached us months ago " about a possible show , "  and we passed . " Heene has been described as a meteorologist , but his education ended at the high school level , Alderden said . The sheriff said investigators want to interview researcher Robert Thomas , who worked with Heene for about two months this past spring . Thomas , 25 , was paid by the gossip site Gawker.com to write about his experience with Heene for a story published on Saturday . In an interview arranged with the help of Gawker , Thomas told CNN that at one point they talked about the Roswell UFO incident of the late 1940s , when Heene said it would be easy to cook up "  a media stunt that would be equally profound as Roswell , and we could do so with nothing more than a weather balloon and some controversy . "	Authorities say story of boy in runaway balloon a hoax Family wanted publicity for reality TV jobs , sheriff says Official charges in the case could be filed next week Lawyer says Heene family deserves presumption of innocence
A judge in Kansas City , Missouri , has sentenced a Catholic bishop to two years on probation for failure to report suspected child abuse , officials said Thursday . Bishop Robert W. Finn , 59 , is the highest-ranking Catholic official to be convicted during the church 's long sexual abuse scandal . Finn wo n't serve any jail time or pay a fine , the Jackson County Prosecuting Attorney 's office said . The misdemeanor charge had a maximum penalty of one year in prison and a fine of as much as $ 1,000 . One other misdemeanor against the bishop and two against Diocese of Kansas City-St . Joseph were dropped . The case stemmed from the diocese 's slow dealing with Shawn Ratigan , a priest from Independence , Missouri , who pleaded guilty in August to five charges of child pornography . Missouri priest accused of taking sexually explicit photos of kids Prosecutors said it took nearly five months for church officials to notify police that disturbing images of children had been found on Ratigan 's computer . During that time Ratigan continued to work for the church . "  I truly regret and am sorry for the hurt these events have caused , " Finn said , according to CNN affiliate KCTV . Terms of Finn 's probation include starting a $ 10,000 fund for sexual abuse counseling and mandatory training for church officials on how to report abuse . "  We can be assured now that if an allegation of child abuse comes to the attention of the Diocese of Kansas City-St . Joseph , there will be no hesitation to report it immediately to the proper authorities , " Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker said in a written statement . The case was tried by a judge instead of by jury because prosecutors wanted to protect the young victims ' anonymity . Kansas City bishop indicted on child endangerment charge	Bishop is highest-ranking Catholic official sentenced during sex abuse scandal Robert Finn failed to immediately report a priest involved in child pornography The priest , Shawn Ratigan , pleaded guilty in August Trial by judge protected the children from having their names disclosed
CNN  -- School administrators at a suburban Philadelphia school district wrongly captured thousands of images of students using school-issued laptop computer cameras , according to a motion filed in a lawsuit involving one of those students . But school officials in the Lower Merion School District of Montgomery County , Pennsylvania , deny their actions were illegal or inappropriate , although they have admitted that they failed to provide proper notification of their policy to parents and that there were "  a substantial number " of photos recovered during their investigation . All students at the two high schools in the Lower Merion district have access to a laptop computer , which they are allowed to take home upon payment of an insurance fee in case the device is lost or damaged . The school district installed the LANrev webcam security system for use if the laptop is reported lost , missing or stolen . But Michael and Holly Robbins say the computer their son brought home was not lost or stolen , and their son was photographed more than 400 times , captured in the act of sleeping , text-messaging with friends and -- on one occasion in November -- handling some candies that a school administrator mistook for pills . An assistant principle called Blake Robbins into her office to confront him about the "  pills " -- actually a fruit-flavored chewy candy with a capsule-like shape -- alerting the Robbinses to the webcam use on their son 's laptop . They filed suit in February against the school district , its board of directors and the school superintendent . Attorney Mark Haltzman filed the new court papers Friday after sifting through thousands of documents provided by the school district as part of the case , accusing the district of "  spying " on students . Henry Hockeimer , an attorney for the school district , referred CNN to a letter from board president David Ebby posted on the district 's Web site for comment about Haltzman 's motion . In the letter , to district parents and guardians , Ebby denied that any "  spying " had taken place . "  While we deeply regret the mistakes and misguided actions that have led us to this situation , at this late stage of the investigation , we are not aware of any evidence that District employees used any LANrev webcam photographs or screenshots for such inappropriate purposes , " he wrote . Ebby further said that the school district was "  committed to disclosing fully what happened , correcting our mistakes , and making sure that they do not happen again . " An investigation conducted by an outside counsel and a computer security expert should be complete "  in the next few weeks " and the results would be released . He also said that parents of all students whose photographs were take by the webcams would have a chance to see the images and that "  the privacy of all students will be protected . " Haltzman , however , told CNN that he believes students were photographed in violation of the school district 's policy that access to the webcams would only be granted if the computer were reported to be lost , stolen or missing . School officials knew , he said , where Blake Robbins ' laptop was . Haltzman said the documents he received detail other times the webcams were used when computers were not reported lost , stolen or missing . But Charles Mandracchia , an attorney representing an administrator involved in the case , said cams were used to locate laptops that had not been returned on time at the end of the year or that should not have been taken home , for example , if the insurance fee was not paid . Blake Robbins , Mandracchia said , had an unpaid insurance fee , although Haltzman said the Robbinses had arranged a payment plan at the time the photos were taken . The case has caught congressional attention . Sen. Arlen Specter , D-Pennsylvania , introduced legislation Thursday that would close what he sees as a loophole in federal wiretap laws . "  Many of us expect to be subject to certain kinds of video surveillance when we leave our homes and go out each day -- at the ATM , at traffic lights , or in stores , for example , " Specter said . "  What we do not expect is to be under visual surveillance in our homes , in our bedrooms and , most especially , we do not expect it for our children in our homes . "	Attorney who filed motion accuses Pennsylvania district of "  spying " Among webcam images : Students sleeping , texting , according to new court papers School policy did not outline use of webcams , says plaintiffs ' lawyer Board president writes that district is "  committed to disclosing fully what happened "
CNN  -- A pilot and a passenger died when a civilian plane crashed at Eglin Air Force base in Florida Thursday morning , the air base said . The Aero Club Beech aircraft belonged to a local flying club , said Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen . She said foul play is not suspected . The accident occurred around 5:30 a.m.	Civilian plane crashed at Eglin Air Force Base The accident killed pilot and passenger The plane belonged to a local flying club , an FAA spokeswoman said
