CNN  -- One of Africa 's most successful footballers , Nwankwo Kanu , has had a glittering career on the pitch . The 6 ft 5 in Nigerian footballer has used his sizable stature in the game to help many others . Winning a gold medal with Nigeria in the 1996 Olympic Games he has also won the European Cup with Ajax ; the English Premier League Title and FA Cup with Arsenal in 2002 , and in 2008 scored the winning goal for Portsmouth in the FA Cup Final . But off the pitch , Kanu has worked just as hard to improve the lives of others . He set up the Kanu Heart Foundation in 2000 that raises money to help children with hearth defects . It 's an issue that Kanu is particularly connected to . In 1995 , when he was already a double-European Cup finalist , Kanu was told by a doctor for Inter Milan , the club he had just signed for , that he a faulty value in his heart . He was told he could never play football again . However he spent 14 months rehabilitating and then moved to Arsenal in England and arguably had the most successful years of his career . Now nearing the end of his career , Kanu has set up another foundation . Founded in 2008 , The Kanu Football Foundation aims to help advise young African footballer who can face all sorts of pressures when trying to become a professional football and avoid being exploited .	Nigerian footballer is European Cup and English Premier League winner Age 19 , told he could never play football again after hole was found in his heart A UNICEF ambassador has also set up two charitable foundations
Mugello , Italy  CNN  -- Felipe Massa can be forgiven for feeling a little emotional ahead of this weekend 's Brazilian Grand Prix . After notching up 11 wins in eight years for Ferrari , a longevity that makes him the famous Italian Formula One team 's second-longest-serving driver , his last race for the Scuderia will be at the track he calls home . Few nations can deliver the passion for motorsport and race-day color that Brazil offers , or match the country for its production-line output of star drivers such as Ayrton Senna , Emerson Fittipaldi , Rubens Barrichello and Nelson Piquet . But for the latest talent from those shores , there is good reason to be anxious throughout the festivities that will take place at the Sao Paulo-based Interlagos circuit . "  We 've always had great drivers in Brazil and many champions , I think racing is in our blood , and it 's very special to be part of Brazil and to carry on fighting , " Massa told CNN 's The Circuit . "  But Brazil is getting less and less drivers , you know , so now I am the only Brazilian Formula One driver . "  It 's difficult to see other drivers that can replace me for the future . When I was racing in little categories -- Formula Renault , Formula 3000 here in Europe -- in every category there was one Brazilian fighting for the championship , for victories . "  And now you do n't see it anymore . It is definitely a worry and is something that ... I think our organization , our federation , should do something to improve our school in Brazil . " The 32-year-old , who has agreed a deal with Williams for the next three seasons after being replaced by Kimi Raikkonen at Ferrari , believes Brazil needs to invest more on young talent and build on the strengths of its go-kart program . "  Something 's changed , especially in the school categories . We do n't have another category after go-karts . Any way I can help ... I would do everything I can because Brazil is a very special country for motor racing , " Massa added . Despite his fears for the future , Massa is passionate about the role Interlagos has played in his career . "  Well , I love that track . I mean , I started there . On the other side of the wall there 's the go-kart track , and this side of the wall is the normal racing track for the cars . I started when I was eight in go-karts , so I spent my life there and it 's a fantastic track , " he said . These fond memories persist despite Interlagos also being the location where Massa was narrowly beaten by McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton to the drivers ' world title in 2008 , finishing just one point behind the Englishman despite his victory . "  Even if I lost the championship there in the last corner , I won the race . I started in pole position , I did the quickest lap of the race , so everything was perfect , " he said . "  For sure I lost the championship ... but I also had a great race in Sao Paulo and I had also a great championship as well . " Ferrari has not always been the easiest team to be a number two driver -- as Barrichello found out when he had to take a back seat to the ambitions of Michael Schumacher from 2000-05 . Massa , likewise , has had second billing at Mugello since the 2010 arrival of double world champion Fernando Alonso . Team orders have often been enforced to the detriment of Massa 's own goals , but he says there are no regrets over his time driving behind the "  Prancing Horse " badge . "  For sure you always have days where you expect better results and better things , but ... I had a lot of great times with Ferrari and very good years , " said Massa , who suffered a horrific accident in Hungary in 2009 that kept him out of the car until the following season due to serious head injuries . "  Good fights , you know , victories and some difficult days , even one big accident that I had , which was also part of my history and my life . But I think I would not change anything in my life . I am very happy and I have zero frustrations in my life , " he added . No frustrations , maybe , but he still has an unfulfilled ambition of becoming world champion which , despite the domination of Sebastian Vettel and the Red Bulls , burns on inside his heart . Getting back in the winning habit in front of a home crowd would be a big step in the right direction . "  When I do n't believe anymore , I would stop racing , " he said . "  I mean , I really believe in myself , I know what I can do and I am really looking forward to having my championship , my title , and working on that . " Massa 's bid for a "  home victory " got off to a steady but unspectacular start Friday , claiming seventh fastest time in afternoon practice in his Ferrari , but quicker than teammate Alonso , who was 11th best . Nico Rosberg set the fastest time in both sessions for Mercedes , with four-time champion Vettel second best in the afternoon runs as he bids for his ninth straight win and 13th of the season .	Felipe Massa is lining up for his final race for Ferrari this weekend at his home circuit The Brazilian is moving to the Williams team after being replaced by Kimi Raikkonen Massa is worried that Brazil 's production of racing stars appears to be waning NEW : Nico Rosberg fastest in practice Friday with Massa back in seventh
EW.com  -- The fall season does n't officially begin until Sept. 20 , but the broadcast networks have already kicked off development for the following September . A number of hot projects have hit the marketplace -- a crime thriller and an Alcatraz drama from uber-producer J.J. Abrams , just to name two -- but those scripts do n't seem nearly as provocative as the possibility of a  major ?  comeback by a former ABC star . EW has learned from multiple sources that Tim Allen  "  Home Improvement "  is looking to stage a return to prime time -- as long as it involves the right project . "  It will be huge , " predicts one manager of Allen 's comeback -- if and when it happens . Another source indicated that the actor is taking "  a few select meetings " with writer-producers , one of whom may include Greg Daniels  "  Parks & Recreation , " "  The Office "  . Is there a chance that Allen could even join the staff of Dunder-Mifflin ? What is this , the return of the '90s stars ? Not that there 's anything wrong with that : There are certain veteran TV actors who will always trigger a flurry of excitement and activity from the industry if they indicate a desire to revisit their roots . Tom Selleck , a.k.a. "  Magnum P.I. , " is expected to be the primary draw of "  Blue Bloods " when it bows on CBS on Sept. 24 . "  Friends ' " Matthew Perry is headlining ABC 's mid-season comedy "  Mr. Sunshine . " Paul Reiser , who was on "  Mad About You " from 1992-1999 , will star in an eponymous comedy for NBC early next year . And Michael Chiklis , who last starred in the "  The Shield " but headlined "  The Commish " back in the '90s , was one of the most sought-after actors this development season before he joined ABC 's "  No Ordinary Family "  Sept. 28  . And do n't get us started on the enduring appeal of "  NCIS ' " Mark Harmon , who 's been a bona fide TV star since his days on "  St. Elsewhere " in the '80s . There are some TV stars who fans will always be drawn to , no matter what year  or decade  they decide to do another series . Allen now joins a small , but exclusive , list of actors that the broadcast networks yearn to cast every year in their next big TV shows . Perennial favorites include Kevin Bacon , Lisa Kudrow , Claire Danes , Ashley Judd , William H. Macy , Susan Sarandon , Elisabeth Shue , Josh Duhamel , and Scott Speedman . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tim Allen is looking to stage a return to prime time -- as long as it involves the right project Allen is said to be taking "  a few select meetings " with writer-producers There are certain veteran TV actors who will always trigger a flurry of excitement
CNN  -- Hector "  Macho " Camacho , the flamboyant boxer who awed fans with his quick hands and ring antics , was shot and critically wounded in Puerto Rico Tuesday , authorities said . Camacho was shot Tuesday in front of a bar in Bayamon , Puerto Rico , police said . Camacho , 50 , was in the passenger seat of a car and next to him was a man who was shot twice and killed , police said . Camacho was rushed to a nearby hospital , said Dr. Ernesto Torres , of the Centro Medico of Rio Piedras . Torres told CNN affiliate WAPA TV the bullet appeared to have entered the left side of the boxer 's face and is now lodged in his right shoulder . If Camacho survives his injuries he may have trouble walking in future , Torres said , because the bullet fractured two vertebrae in his neck . Camacho was born in Bayamon and raised in New York . He fought professionally for more than 25 years and last fought in 2010 . During his career he beat such legendary boxers as Roberto Duran and Sugar Ray Leonard and he held several championships . No one has yet been arrested over the shooting . The former star of the ring was sitting in the passenger seat of a black Ford Mustang outside the "  Azuquita " bar when the shots were fired , WAPA TV reported . Capt. Rafael Rosa , of Bayamon Police , identified the driver killed in the attack as Adrian Mojica . He received one shot to the neck and another to the lower back . The suspects are two men who are believed to have been traveling in a gray vehicle , said Lt. Wilfredo Rivera , of CataÃ ± o Police . They escaped after a shootout with police at a residential complex , WAPA TV reported .	Camacho was found shot near a bar in Bayamon A man next to the boxer was killed , police said During his career he beat legendary boxers Roberto Duran and Sugar Ray Leonard The bullet caused damage to two vertebrae in Camacho 's neck
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Larry King , the iconic TV interviewer , will step aside from hosting of his prime time CNN show later this year , he said Tuesday . King , 76 , made the announcement with a short posting to his Twitter account , citing his desire to spend more time with his wife and young children . "  I want to share some personal news with you . 25 years ago , I sat across this table from New York Governor Mario Cuomo for the first broadcast of Larry King Live . Now , decades later , I talked to the guys here at CNN and I told them I would like to end Larry King Live , the nightly show , this fall and CNN has graciously accepted , giving me more time for my wife and I to get to the kids ' little league games , " King wrote . "  I 'm incredibly proud that we recently made the Guinness Book of World Records for having the longest running show with the same host in the same time slot . With this chapter closing I 'm looking forward to the future and what my next chapter will bring , but for now it 's time to hang up my nightly suspenders . " "  He will end his run with Larry King Live on his own terms , sometime this fall , " said Jon Klein , president of CNNUS . "  Larry is a beloved member of the CNN family and will continue to contribute to our air with periodic specials . " During his Tuesday night show , King told guest Bill Maher "  there 's a freedom " that came with his decision . "  I want to expand , " King told the comedian . "  I want to do other things that I have n't been able to do . " The idea to step aside came to him after he completed his week-long 25th anniversary celebration , he said . "  I 'm thinking to myself , I 've done 50,000 interviews , " he said . "  I 'm never going to top this . " King said he would exit the host 's chair "  maximum November . " But , he told Maher , "  Then I 'll be doing specials . You 'll see me in other places . " Asked whom he wants to replace him , King cited "  American Idol " host Ryan Seacrest . "  He 's curious , he 's interesting , he 's likable , " King said . "  If he has a great interest in politics , I would recommend him . But I 'm sure there 's a ton of people who could do it . Come on . It 's Q and A. " "  It 's not easy , " Maher responded . "  That 's the trick . " In a telephone call to the program , former first lady Nancy Reagan told King , "  I could n't let you do this without my calling you . You did n't call me and ask my permission . " King said he had made no plans about his future , but added , "  I 'm looking forward -- I feel open to so many things . Life will be better . " ABC News Anchor Diane Sawyer chimed in : "  I just want to say , Larry , what a monument of vitality you have built for all of us and I can not wait to see your specials because everybody in the world wants to talk to you and to see you do them in a concentrated way -- when you choose to do them it 's going to be a thrill . " King 's decision followed months of media speculation about his future as his ratings declined . King was hosting a nationally syndicated overnight radio talk show when CNN founder Ted Turner persuaded him in 1985 to try his interviewing skills on cable TV . "  All I had to do was everything I 'd been doing since I was a kid , " he wrote in his best-selling 2009 autobiography , "  My Remarkable Journey . " His gentle but persistent interview style drew big-name guests , and "  Larry King Live " became a place for major personalities to break news . Billionaire Ross Perot used the show to announce he was running for president in 1992 . And the show was the setting for the historic NAFTA debate between then-Vice President Al Gore and Perot in 1993 , a debate that for more than a decade was the highest-rated program in cable history . King , who was initially based in Washington , became a mandatory stop for politicians . Over his career , he conducted sit-down interviews with every U.S. president since Richard Nixon . His program was sometimes a place of real-time diplomacy . In 1995 , he hosted a program on the Middle East Peace process with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , King Hussein of Jordan and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin . His suspenders , large glasses and vintage desk microphone are as recognizable as the countless celebrities lined up to have an intimate chat with King while the world listened in . And there have been a lot of guests , including Marlon Brando , Nelson Mandela , Mikhail Gorbachev , Paul McCartney , Bob Hope , Frank Sinatra , L. Ron Hubbard , Madonna and Martin Luther King , Jr. . After extensive coverage over many months of O.J. Simpson 's trial for murder , Simpson himself called the program the night he was acquitted . King says that Nelson Mandela was the most extraordinary person he has met . In his autobiography , King confessed that he never plans a question , that he likes to be surprised by the answers . He says he asks his interview subjects to explain things . "  All I do is ask questions , " he wrote . "  Short , simple questions . " Born in Brooklyn , Larry Zeiger moved to Miami , Florida , in 1957 . He began his radio career that year with a new name , Larry King . His first television job was hosting a local interview show in Miami in 1960 . While some critics have called King a throwback , he embraced the online social networking tool Twitter . He had 1,648,920 Twitter followers as of Tuesday . On Monday , King used Twitter to respond to a fan 's question about the highlights of his career : "  Winning 2 Peabody Awards & an Emmy . Perot-Gore Debate a show highlight , " King tweeted . In addition to earning the Emmy and two Peabody Awards , he was inducted into the National Association of Broadcasters Hall of Fame in 1992 . King also has an extensive film resume , having played himself in 20 movies . King has suffered a decline in ratings . His show , which was once on top , sometimes has come in fourth among cable talk shows during the 9 p.m. hour . King faced highly publicized personal problems this year . He and his eighth wife , Shawn Southwick-King , filed for divorce in April , but reconciled weeks later . King has repeatedly talked about the importance of spending time with his children , including his two boys from his marriage with Southwick-King . "  I 'd love to see Chance and Cannon talk about how their Dad took them to play when they were kids , " he wrote in his autobiography . After suffering a heart attack in 1987 , King underwent quintuple bypass heart surgery . A year later , he created the Larry King Cardiac Foundation , which he said was to help those "  not so lucky " to have medical insurance . In 2009 , the foundation paid for 287 life-saving surgeries . And through it all , the interviews continued . "  Only God failed to show up for a Larry King interview , " said Tom Johnson , who was CNN 's chairman for more than a decade , ending in 2001 . "  Larry has been my close friend since I joined CNN in 1990 , " Johnson said . "  We never had a single disagreement in my 11 years as CEO , although he never thought much of my suggestions for more shows about North Korea . " Is there anyone he would like to interview that he has n't so far ? For years , he joked in his autobiography , he answered that question "  God . " "  And my first question would be , ` Do you have a son ? Because there 's a lot riding on the answer . ' " CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this story .	NEW : King likes Seacrest as a possible replacement King has interviewed every U.S. president since Richard Nixon By one count , King has interviewed more than 50,000 people Says Nelson Mandela was most extraordinary person he has met
CNN  -- A Massachusetts college has modified a controversial security policy after criticism it infringed on the religious rights of students , a school official said Friday . The policy originally banned any head covering that obscured the student 's face while engaged in student activities . The Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences e-mailed students about the initial changes this week , saying , "  Any head covering that obscures a student 's face may not be worn , either on campus or at clinical sites , except when required for medical reasons . " School officials said the policy was intended to ensure that all students would be identifiable "  for reasons of safety and security . " But on Thursday , the policy was changed to include an exception "  for medical and/or religious reasons . " The original policy had prompted questions and concerns among Muslim students and organizations , particularly because it meant Muslim women at the college could no longer wear the niqab , or face veil . The college -- with campuses in Boston and Worcester , Massachusetts , as well as Manchester , New Hampshire -- stated that the initial modification was "  based on a constructive dialogue with our extended community , and an intensive review of safety and security measures with advisors . " College spokesman Michael Ratty said , "  We will achieve our objective of campus security while allowing for a medical and/or religious accommodation . As always , our primary concern is the security and safety of all our students , faculty and staff . " Ratty stressed that Muslims were involved in the original policy decision saying , "  Prior to implementation , the college discussed it with several officials within the Muslim community . " Muslim students had mixed reactions to the original ban . Aisha Bajwa , president of the Muslim Students Association at the college , called the unmodified policy "  unjustified and unconstitutional . " Bajwa , who does not wear the niqab , said that having to wear student IDs at all times keeps students safe . Ibrahim Hooper , communications director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations , thinks the policy targeted Muslim students and filed a third-party complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission . Writing to the commission , the Council invoked Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , which prohibits employers from discriminating based on religion . Hooper acknowledged that the college 's policy focuses on students but said it will inevitably target Muslim employees in the future . After the complaint , George Humphrey , the vice president for College Relations , e-mailed Hooper , announcing the new policy . "  We have reviewed our ID policy and made an accommodation for religious reasons , " the e-mail said . "  Thank you for your input on this matter . " Hooper then stated , "  We are pleased that the religious rights of all students and staff will now be protected . This is a victory for religious freedom and tolerance . " Ratty said , "  The complaint was not the sole reason for the reversal but rather an ongoing discussion this week with our community . " Daniel Pipes , director of the Middle East Forum , supported the original policy . Though Pipes acknowledged the larger cultural debate , he said the college is focusing on security . "  I have documented dozens and dozens of cases about criminality and terrorism that have been abetted by burqas and niqabs , " he said . "  It is sensible to ban these , and there are a number of these bans in institutions such as banks or jewelry stores . " With increasing concern about terrorist attacks , religious practices will have to be weighed against security , Pipes said . "  In Turkey , the hijab has been banned from government offices , so this is not something that is just an American concern , " he added .	School banned head coverings that obscured student 's face during student activities Policy provoked concerns from Muslim students , organizations It was changed to include exception for medical or religious reasons Official says Muslims involved in drafting of original policy
CNN  -- Utah prosecutors announced Friday that they expect to file murder charges against the mother and stepfather of a 4-year-old boy whose disfigured body was found this week in a canyon near Salt Lake City , Utah . Local police said Ethan Sloop 's body was buried in a shallow grave after he had been severely beaten , according to CNN affiliate KUTV . Nathan Sloop , 31 , and Stephanie Sloop , 27 , are being held without bail at a Davis County , Utah , jail . Davis County prosecutor Troy Rawlings said local authorities expect to charge the couple with aggravated murder , child abuse , obstruction of justice and the desecration of a dead body . If convicted , they could both face the death penalty . Authorities delayed an expected filing of charges on Friday , Rawlings said , because "  we do n't want to make any mistake in our charging decision . " But "  make no mistake : We intend to file formal charges with the court once the evidence we need to substantiate the crimes ... is obtained and submitted and processed . " Rawlings said he anticipated that charges would be filed in the "  not too distant future . " Ethan 's father , Joe Stacy , was required by a divorce settlement to send him to spend the summer with his mother , KUTV reported . Joe Stacy and Stephanie Sloop were officially divorced April 28 . Ethan arrived in Utah on May 1 . He was locked in his bedroom while the Sloops were married May 6 , according to court documents reviewed by KUTV . Ethan , who had been beaten by this time , died three days later at the couple 's home in Layton , KUTV reported . Stephanie Sloop reported Ethan missing May 10 ; his body was found the next day . "  It 's like a nightmare come true , " Brenda James , a friend of Joe Stacy 's , told KUTV . "  I believe that -LSB- Nathan Sloop -RSB- does not deserve to take another breath . "	Charges planned against the mother , stepfather of 4-year-old boy found dead Ethan Sloop 's body buried in shallow grave after severe beating , police said Nathan Sloop , 31 , and Stephanie Sloop , 27 , are being held without bail at Utah jail Authorities expect to charge couple with aggravated murder , other charges
CNN  -- A bird struck the fuselage of an Alaska Airlines plane but the aircraft managed to land safely , officials said early Tuesday morning . The bird hit the plane above the windshield shortly after it took off Monday evening from Los Angeles International Airport en route to Vancouver , British Columbia , said Mike Fergus of the Federal Aviation Administration . The plane was 1.5 miles off the runway , Fergus said . iReport : Share images and information with CNN The plane , Flight 707 with 159 passengers , returned safely to the airport for an inspection , said airlines spokeswoman Bobbie Egan . According to data released by the FAA , incidences of birds hitting planes have gone up in recent years . Last year officials said a migrating flock of Canada geese caused US Airways Flight 1549 to ditch in New York 's Hudson River . Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger and First Officer Jeffrey Skiles safely guided that plane to an emergency landing . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	The plane is struck above the windshield It returns to the Los Angeles airport safely
CNN  -- The family of a Mississippi mayoral candidate claimed Sunday that he died after being "  beaten , dragged and burned , " but it 's an account a medical examiner disputed , saying "  I do n't know where that is coming from . " On Wednesday , authorities found Marco McMillian 's body near a levee between Sherard and Rena Lara , two unincorporated communities about 15 minutes from Clarksdale . The 34-year-old McMillian had been running for mayor of Clarksdale , a city of about 18,000 people in northwestern Mississippi 's Delta region . His body was "  set afire , " according to his family , who said they twice met with a coroner . Coahoma County Medical Examiner Scotty Meredith told CNN that there were "  signs of an altercation , " but that did n't kill him . "  Beating is not the cause of death , " said Meredith , who confirmed he 'd met twice with McMillian 's family . "  He was beaten , but not badly . " The medical examiner added he did n't know how the family came to the conclusion that McMillian was dragged and burned . The late politician 's family , in the statement released through his former campaign manager Jarod Keith , called for "  a full and thorough investigation . " They said McMillian had told "  family and close friends that he was very concerned for his personal safety . " "  We feel that this was not a random act of violence , based on the condition of the body when it was found , " they said . "  Marco , nor anyone , should have their lives end in this manner . " Yet Meredith insisted "  this was not a targeted attack . " "  No way , " the medical examiner said . "  This was more of a personal dispute . " The Coahoma County Sheriff 's Office announced on Thursday that a suspect , Lawrence Reed , faces a murder charge in the death . Reed , 22 , was found in McMillian 's wrecked SUV on Tuesday morning and was taken to a hospital . McMillian 's Facebook page shows a glimpse at a man who was politically ambitious . It includes a picture of McMillian posing with President Barack Obama . His campaign motto : "  Moving Clarksdale forward . " McMillian 's short biography on Facebook said he had spent much of his career raising money for universities after he graduated from Jackson State with a degree in elementary education . He also received a master 's in philanthropy and development from Saint Mary 's University of Minnesota . In 2004 , Ebony magazine recognized him as one of the country 's top leaders younger than 30 . He received the Thurgood Marshall Prestige Award from the Thurgood Marshall College Fund five years later . And from 2007 to 2011 , McMillian was executive director of his fraternity , Phi Beta Sigma , which after his death recalled how he 'd "  made an incredible difference in his community . " He secured the first federal contract to raise awareness about HIV and AIDS among African-Americans for the fraternity and helped it form partnerships with organizations such as the U.S. Marine Corps and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in discussing the disease . Patricia McMillian said that even though media reports since her son 's death have labeled him as openly gay , his death likely had nothing to do with his sexual orientation . Without offering specifics , the family said Sunday that it hoped to share information from the ongoing investigation in order "  to dispel speculations surrounding his death . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Ashley Fantz and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Marco McMillian 's family says he was "  beaten , dragged and burned " last week Medical examiner says he does n't know why the family says he was dragged , burned Police : The Clarksdale mayoral candidate was found dead miles from his wrecked SUV His family says the death was n't "  random " ; an official says it was "  more of a personal dispute "
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal remained the only one of the "  Big Four " still standing Friday after third seed Andy Murray joined Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer in exiting the Madrid Masters . Nadal dropped the opening set to fellow Spaniard David Ferrer and trailed 4-2 in the second before mounting a typical comeback to reach the semifinals . But Murray , playing in the night session , was beaten 7-6 6-4 by Czech Tomas Berdych . Murray , who will still take over as No. 2 from Federer in the new rankings , was a break up in the first set but could not press home his advantage and a single break for the big-hitting Berdych in the second was enough to see him through . In the women 's WTA event in the Spanish capital , Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova remained on course for a final showdown as both reached the last four , but by contrasting routes . No. 1 Williams was given an almighty scare by wildcard Anabel Medina Garrigues before winning 6-3 0-6 7-5 . The American superstar had not dropped a set all tournament until being blanked in the second set , only the seventh time in her career she had suffered such a fate . "  I was n't really there , my feet were n't moving -- I do n't know what happened , " she told the official WTA website . "  To turn it around I got up earlier on the changeover and started doing high knees and just stretching and doing anything to try to get my intensity back up to where it needed to be . " She will face Italian Sara Errani in the semifinals Saturday while Sharapova reached that stage with a 6-2 6-4 cruise against Estonia 's Kaia Kanepi . Sharapova will leapfrog Williams to No. 1 if she can go one round further or beat her in the final should both reach it . "  I was just really determined today , and I 'm happy I was able to win with that type of scoreline , " the Russian said after her passage to the semifinals where she will play former No. 1 Ana Ivanovic of Serbia . Nadal later emerged on Center Court for a battle royale with Ferrer , who dominated the early sparring . He took the opening set 6-4 in 51 minutes and was a break up in the second before the former No. 1 hit back by taking the next three games . Mallorcan Nadal served for the set at 5-4 but was broken by Ferrer as the match went to a crucial tiebreak . It was comfortably won by Nadal who swept through the decider for a 4-6 7-6 6-0 win , his 18th in 22 clashes with Ferrer . Nadal is looking to reach his seventh straight final since returning to the ATP Tour after injury in February and his beaten opponent knows only too well his abilities . "  Rafa is always the favorite on clay , " he told the official ATP website . "  Without any doubt he 's the best and he 's really fit right now . " Nadal will play Pablo Andujar for a place in the final after his fellow Spaniard ended the run of Federer 's conqueror Kei Nishikori of Japan in straight sets 6-3 7-5 later Friday . Berdych , bidding for a second straight Madrid final , will take on Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka , who put out seventh seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France in a three-set late night thriller .	Rafael Nadal taken to three sets by David Ferrer in Madrid Masters Bidding for third title on the clay in Spanish capital Third seed Andy Murray beaten by Tomas Berdych Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova into last four of women 's event
CNN  -- Green Day 's lead singer is seeking treatment for substance abuse , the rock band announced Sunday , two days after the performer 's expletive-laden meltdown during a show in Las Vegas . The band said on its website that Billie Joe Armstrong , its charismatic frontman , would get help for substance abuse , though it did not specify the nature of his problems . The announcement follows Armstrong 's on-stage meltdown on Friday during the iHeartRadio Music Festival at the MGM Grand . 2011 : Billie Joe Armstrong 's pants get him grounded Video from the event , captured on YouTube , shows Armstrong cursing profusely after cutting a song short . He then goes on a profanity-filled rant , pointing to a sign indicating Green Day had only one minute left in its set , far shorter than he 'd expected . "  You 've got to be ... kidding me , " said Armstrong , noting his longevity on the music scene and disparaging teen pop sensation Justin Bieber , who was not among the festival performers . "  This is a ... joke . " Armstrong then slams his guitar on the stage , shredding it and tossing its remnants into the crowd . He then flashes his middle finger and walks off the stage . Green Day references the meltdown in its website message . "  We would like everyone to know that our set was not cut short by Clear Channel and to apologize to those we offended at the iHeartRadio Festival in Las Vegas , " the band said . iHeartRadio is a division of Clear Channel Broadcasting . It was n't clear how the development would affect Green Day 's upcoming tour , which is set to kick off in earnest November 26 in Seattle , though the band did say it "  regretfully must postpone our upcoming promotional appearances . " Nor is it known how it might affect NBC 's singing talent competition , "  The Voice , " on which Armstrong had been slated to be a mentor to participants . Armstrong was rushed to a hospital in Italy earlier this month "  due to illness , " Green Day bassist Mike Dirnt said then in a video posted on the band 's website . After forming in 1987 , the veteran punk band broke through in 1994 with the release of "  Dookie , " which sold 15 million and earned the band a Grammy for best alternative music performance . Green Day continued to produce hit albums like "  Insomniac , " "  Nimrod " and "  Warning . " In 2004 , the band took another major step forward with the release of "  American Idiot , " which won a Grammy for best rock album and inspired a "  rock opera " years later by the same name . The rockers remained relevant in subsequent years , including capturing yet another Grammy in 2009 for the politically charged album "  21st Century Breakdown . " The band is set to release yet another album , "  Uno , " on Tuesday . That will be followed by two others , "  Dos " and "  Tre , " scheduled to come out November 13 and January 15 , 2013 , respectively . 2010 : A fan 's take on ` Green Day : Rock Band '	Green Day 's lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong is getting help for substance abuse , the band says The announcement comes after Armstrong 's on-stage meltdown in Las Vegas The band says its set was n't cut short , as Armstrong alleged , and apologizes to those offended
New York  CNN  -- Officials in New York said Tuesday they are looking into what happened to cleanup efforts during last week 's monster blizzard . The New York City Department of Sanitation has drawn sharp criticism since the storm that blanketed much of the Northeast . Workers there have been accused of deliberately slowing down the response in retaliation for the city 's belt-tightening measures . New York City Councilman Dan Halloran said three sanitation workers and two Department of Transportation supervisors came to his office saying their bosses ordered the slowdown , telling workers that "  the mayor will see how much he needs us " and "  there will be plenty of overtime . " "  This office is reviewing information provided to it by City Councilman Dan Halloran , among others , with respect to last week 's snowstorm and the City 's response thereto . In addition , we have been in contact with the City 's Department of Investigation , " Queens District Attorney Richard Brown said in a statement . He added that his office has not yet reached a decision as to whether a formal investigation is warranted . Sanitation Commissioner John Doherty has said he had not seen evidence of a worker protest . Similarly , the head of New York 's sanitation workers union , Harry Nespoli , has said he was not aware of any slowdown and doubted there was a protest by workers . Department of Investigation Commissioner Rose Gill Hearn said her office was looking into reports of wrongdoing and asked anyone with information to step forward . "  DOI is continuing its multi-borough investigation into whether there is any evidence of intentional acts of commission or omission related to the snow clean up and has been conducting its investigation since last week , " the department said in a statement Tuesday . "  As we always do , we will provide our factual findings when we have concluded . In addition , we have heard from various prosecutors ' offices and if we find a violation of state or federal law will work closely with the appropriate agency , " it continued . Authorities in Brooklyn also said they would review what happened with respect to snow removal last week . Robert Nardoza , spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office Eastern District of New York , declined to say if officials there would pursue a criminal investigation related to the response . CNN 's Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	Authorities in Queens and Brooklyn are reviewing snow removal after blizzard District attorney in Queens stops short of saying a formal investigation is warranted Department of Investigation commissioner urges anyone with information to step forward Sanitation workers are accused of having deliberately slowed down cleanup efforts
CNN  -- A former Puerto Rico police officer was sentenced to 40 years in prison on Thursday for his role in providing security for drug deals in an FBI sting in which he received $ 2,000 per transaction , authorities said . Javier A. Diaz Castro , 30 , was convicted in December of two counts of conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute more than five kilograms of cocaine , two counts of attempting to possess with the intent to distribute more than five kilograms of cocaine , and two counts of possession of a firearm in furtherance of a drug transaction , a prosecutor said . Diaz , along with 88 other law enforcement officers in Puerto Rico and 44 other people , were indicted in October 2010 as part of the FBI 's Operation Guard Shack , which targeted public corruption and cocaine trafficking , federal authorities said . As of Thursday , 128 of the defendants have pleaded guilty or have been convicted at trial , including Diaz , according to Assistant Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer and Special Agent in Charge Joseph S. Campbell of the FBI 's San Juan Division . Diaz provided security for what he thought were drug deals at least twice in 2010 -- but the transactions were part of the FBI sting , authorities said . Diaz , a 10-year police veteran assigned to the frauds unit , carried his service weapon in the transactions , federal authorities said . Another Puerto Rico police officer allegedly brought Diaz into the criminal enterprise , authorities said . U.S. District Judge Gustavo A. Gelpi for the District of Puerto Rico issued the prison sentence , authorities said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Javier A. Diaz Castro , 30 , was convicted in an FBI sting against corruption and drug trafficking He was among 88 other law officers in Puerto Rico indicted last year Diaz carried his service gun and provided security for drug deals , feds say The drug deals were staged under FBI 's Operation Guard Shack
In the final , chaotic moments before the South Korean ferry Sewol rolled over and sank into the chilly waters of the Yellow Sea , 48 girls obeyed the orders of crew members and put on their life vests . Perhaps afraid , they all crammed into a single room meant for 30 . None of them survived . The account of the recovery of the girls ' bodies , offered Friday by rescue officials , offers a glimpse of the final moments aboard the sinking ferry , which went down on April 16 with 476 people aboard . It also illuminates the daunting task facing divers trying to retrieve bodies while maintaining a fading glimmer of hope that perhaps , somewhere aboard the ferry , someone remains alive . Rescue officials spoke of a forest of floating objects , doors forced shut by enormous water pressure , and of currents that tug at the breathing tubes that keep them alive as they look for the dead . Civilian diver Chun Kwan-geung , one of the many rescuers working in the murky waters , spoke of having to break out windows to get to the lower decks of the ship , which now lies on its right side on the seafloor some 73 meters  240 feet  below the surface . "  The rescue effort is getting slower , " said South Korean navy Capt. Kim Jin-hwang , commander of the rescue operation . "  The divers already searched all the places easily accessible . They are expecting the search to become harder because of increasing currents and harsher weather . But the navy will not stop until the last body is found . " As if highlighting the point , Kim 's divers are trying to find their way into another dormitory-style room where 50 girls were believed to be as the ship began to sink . So far , rescuers have retrieved 187 bodies . Another 115 people remain missing , although no one has been rescued since 174 were plucked from ship and sea the day the ferry sank . As the effort inside the ship continues , South Korean authorities are pressing a criminal investigation into the sinking . It 's resulted in the arrests of the ship 's captain and 14 other members , searches of the company that owned the ferry and the home of the man whose family controls it , and a wide-ranging probe into the country 's marine industry . Safety concerns about sister ship Prosecutors in Mopko , South Korea , who are leading the ferry investigation told CNN 's Nic Robertson on Friday that authorities have yet to determine what caused the sinking . Leading theories include changes made to increase the ferry 's passenger capacity and shifting cargo . On Friday , investigators checked out the Sewol 's sister ship , the Ohamana , and said they found 40 of its life rafts were n't working , emergency slides to help evacuate passengers were inoperable , and equipment to tie down cars and cargo either was nonexistent or did n't work very well . Like the Sewol , the Ohamana had been modified to add more passengers , the prosecutor 's office said . The ship arrived in Incheon on April 16 , the same day the Sewol sank , and has not left yet , officials said . Investigators are looking into whether those modifications could have contributed to the Sewol 's fate . Kim Yong-rok , an opposition lawmaker who represents Jindo , an island near where the ship sank , told CNN that modifications to add 117 more passenger cabins to the ship raised the ferry 's center of gravity . On Friday , the South Korean Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries announced it would ask lawmakers to consider legislation prohibiting modifications to ships to increase passenger capacity . Government investigators are also probing the private organization that conducts ship safety inspections on behalf of the government to determine if any wrongdoing was involved in the certification of the Sewol after its 2013 modifications . Families confront officials The revelations about the sister ship came the day after angry relatives of missing ferry passengers cursed government and police officials for failing to do enough to save the lives of their loved ones as hopes of finding survivors dimmed . The relatives berated Fisheries Minister Lee Ju-young and two coast guard officials , accusing them of misleading the public about the operation and of wasting time . "  How can you fool us into believing you were out there trying to save our children ? " one mother yelled at the officials . Also , officials at the South Korean headquarters for the task force coordinating the search told CNN that they believe the body of a boy who reportedly made the first emergency call from the ship after it began to list sharply has been recovered . DNA tests will help officially identify the remains , officials said early Friday . Also on Friday , an official involved in the investigation in Mokpo asked for patience . "  I know a lot of people are curious as to the cause of the accident , but we do n't have the information yet , " said Heo Yong-beom , a maritime safety judge . "  We will try our best to satisfy and answer questions . " ` We join you in mourning ' Meanwhile , U.S. President Barack Obama , in South Korea for a previously scheduled trip , presented South Korean President Park Geun-hye with an American flag that flew over the White House the day the ferry sank . "  I 'm very mindful that my visit comes at a time of mourning for the people of this nation , " he told the U.S. and the South Korean delegations . "  As allies but also friends , we join you in mourning the missing , and especially the young people . " The delegations held a moment of silence , then Park thanked Obama for the gesture . "  The Korean people draw great strength from your kindness , " she said . Young crew member hailed as heroine In recent disasters , captains did n't hang around Students remember vice principal who took own life Murky waters cloud the horror facing rescue divers	Rescuers describe finding 48 girls in one room meant for 30 people Divers trying to reach room where another 50 girls believed to have been , commander says Search effort now expected to slow , says commander of the rescue operation Prosecutors investigate Sewol 's sister ship , find numerous safety problems
CNN  -- Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. military commander in the Middle East , has been treated for early stage prostate cancer and says recent screening tests have delivered "  very positive " news . Gen. David Petraeus was diagnosed with prostate cancer in February . He was diagnosed in February , his office said , and underwent two months of radiation treatment at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington , D.C. "  My cancer was caught very early , " Petraeus , 56 , said in remarks released by his office . "  I 've had two PSA tests since completing treatment five months ago , and they 've both been very positive . Surgery to remove the prostate was not an option due to plates/screws that were used to repair my pelvis after it was fractured in a parachuting accident . " PSA tests are blood tests performed to screen for prostate-specific antigens -- proteins produced by cells of the prostate . Higher levels of PSAs could signal prostate cancer or benign prostate conditions . At an appearance Tuesday after news of the treatment was out , Petraeus made only a lighthearted comment about this health . "  With the CNN reports today , they 're all just here to see if the guy 's still alive or not , " said Petraeus , joking about the camera crews recording his speech at the Association of the United States Army meeting in Washington . He did not comment further on his condition . The treatment had "  minimal impact on his work schedule as he was spending 4-5 days a week in Washington , D.C. , for various policy reviews and other Pentagon activities at that time , " the statement said . Petraeus made at least one overseas trip during the radiation treatment . He regarded his illness a personal matter and kept it largely private because it did not interfere with his duties , the statement said . However , the president , vice president , secretaries of state and defense and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff were notified of Petraeus ' condition , the statement said . Petraeus leads U.S. Central Command and is the overall head of operations in Iraq and Afghanistan . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Gen. David Petraeus is the top U.S. military commander in the Middle East Diagnosed in February , he underwent two months of radiation treatment Statement says treatment has been considered successful Petraeus considered the cancer a personal matter , kept it largely private
CNN  -- HBO television actor Robert Brown filed a lawsuit Wednesday against the New York Police Department and Macy 's Inc. , accusing them of racially profiling him , according to court documents . Brown filed the lawsuit as a class-action complaint , on behalf of himself as well as similarly situated individuals of color , according to the documents filed in federal court in New York . Most known for his starring role in HBO 's "  Treme , " Brown went to Macy 's in New York in June to buy a graduation gift for his mother , the documents said . After buying a $ 1,300 Movado watch , Brown was shopping for a pair of sunglasses for himself when he was stopped in the middle of the store by three men , whom he believed to be NYPD officers . They accused him of committing credit card fraud , according to the documents . "  They cuff me , parade me around the store , all the while maintaining , we do this all the time , it 's a fake card , you 're going to go to jail , " Brown said on October 29 while recounting the incident on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " Hollywood couple stopped by police , say they were racially profiled The documents state that Brown was put into a holding cell enclosed by metal bars for more than an hour and "  berated and mocked by these men . " Once the officers learned of Brown 's television and film credits , he was released , but not before the men attempted to drive Brown to his mother 's graduation ceremony , the documents said . Brown is the fourth person to say they were targeted after shopping at a New York department store because of race this year , and the second to cite Macy 's as the store in question . The other two said they were racially profiled at Barney 's . "  This suit seeks to bring a halt to this disgusting , discriminatory pattern and practice , " the document said . Elina Kazan , vice president of media relations for Macy 's , said on Wednesday the company can not comment on pending litigation , but it does "  not tolerate discrimination of any kind , including racial profiling . " The NYPD did not respond to CNN 's request for comment about Brown 's suit . NY attorney general investigating Macy 's Inc and Barneys New York Inc over racial profiling claims Student sues Barneys , NYPD , alleges racial profiling CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Robert Brown of HBO 's "  Treme " says he was accused of credit card fraud while shopping He files a class-action suit on behalf of others in the same situation Brown is 4th person to say they were targeted this year after shopping in New York
CNN  -- While the nation followed the election numbers for Barack Obama and Mitt Romney , some readers were keeping track of a particular issue : marijuana legalization . Referendums passed in Washington and Colorado , but not in Oregon . There are still federal hurdles to overcome for the two states where the referendums passed , and plenty of debate is sure to arise in the next few weeks . But some of our readers are hailing the legalization votes as a milestone comparable to ending Prohibition , or suggesting this could be a big boon for state economies . Still other readers are worried about the consequences of legalizing pot or the ways in which laws will be enforced . Check out what some readers had to say both in story comments and with social media posts . . If you have trouble viewing this page , please visit Storify to see the post . Share your views in the comments area below or post video commentary on CNN iReport .	Marijuana legalization , passed in Colorado and Washington , has lots of readers debating pot use Many readers support legalization , some unsure about enforcement What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on CNN iReport
CNN  -- The parents of American Shane Todd , found hanging in his Singapore apartment last June , tell CNN they may exhume their son 's body to conduct an autopsy in the United States . Todd 's mother Mary says an exhumation may be the only way to prove "  for sure " the family 's contention that he was murdered . The Todds walked out of the Singapore inquiry into their son 's death earlier this week , saying , "  We 've lost faith in the process " and Singapore 's inquiry process was "  pre-determined " to conclude their son 's death was a suicide , and that police and investigators never considered evidence that may suggest Todd was murdered . "  We told the police at the very beginning . We talked to Shane every week for three months at least , all the way up to June when he passed away ,  and he said  that he was in fear for his life , " Todd 's father Rick told CNN . "  You would think they would look into it . But none of that happened . " The inquiry into the death of Todd , found hanging in his Singapore apartment on June 24 , comes after Singapore 's medical examiner concluded that Todd committed suicide . State attorneys said during the hearing that Todd 's laptop shows he accessed suicide-related web pages in the months before his death , with a search in March on how to tie a hangman 's noose . But Todd 's parents -- who had flown from their home in Montana to attend the hearings -- claimed there was evidence that his death was a homicide . The Todds claim their son was murdered because of sensitive knowledge he had of a project using gallium nitride  GaN  between the Institute of Microelectronics  IME  -- a Singapore government-backed research agency -- and the Chinese telecom giant Huawei . GaN is material that can withstand high temperatures and can be used in power amplifiers with a range of applications from light emitting displays to radar communications . Documents found on Todd 's laptop after his death reportedly indicate IME may have had plans with Chinese telecom giant Huawei to co-develop an amplifier using GaN . Such a device could have both military as well as civilian uses . The 31-year-old Todd had been working for 18 months at IME when he decided to quit his job and return home to the United States shortly before his death . Employees of IME have testified that there were several meetings held with Huawei , including a meeting with their senior level employees that Todd attended , but both IME and Huawei assert no project agreement was concluded , according to testimony . Patrick Lo , deputy executive director of research at IME and Todd 's supervisor , testified that his agency does not conduct any classified military research . The Todds say they have evidence to show their son had been instructed to hand copy a GaN "  recipe " or formula from a U.S. vendor where Todd had been sent for training . The family says he had been left alone in a room to hand copy formulas , and say evidence from Shane 's computer shows he had handwritten "  highly sensitive recipes . " Lo denied in court that he had instructed Todd to hand copy recipes and said hand copied recipes would be inaccurate and therefore "  useless . " The Todds stood up in the middle of the inquest proceedings Tuesday and walked out in objection to a witness they were unfamiliar with -- a friend and former work colleague of their son 's who testified he 'd had a beer with him the night before Todd was found hanging on June 24 . "  We 're getting sprung stuff at the last moment , " Rick Todd said outside court . He said the state had given them no prior notice of the witness Frenchman Luis Alejandro Andro Montes . The Todds said they had been "  told from the beginning that this will be honest and open " and pointed out that their own lawyers had just hours before been chastised by Singapore 's judge Chay Yuen Fatt for introducing last-minute documents . Singapore Senior Counsel Tai Wei Shyong referenced Montes in his May 13 opening statement and at that same time said the state would try to bring Montes in as a witness . Just hours before , a key witness for the Todd family , American medical examiner Dr Edward Adelstein , retracted his original assertion that Shane Todd had been strangled by a cord and hanged . Testifying via video link , Adelstein agreed with other forensic pathologists in the case including two U.S. medical examiners , who reviewed the case at Singapore 's request , that there would need to be evidence of internal neck injuries if Todd had been "  garroted . " However , Adelstein continued to assert that Todd had been murdered and speculated that he had been killed and then hanged to make it look like suicide . "  I have to assume that people who know how to kill you can do it in a way that is difficult to detect , " Adelstein added . He did not examine Todd 's body and came to his initial conclusions on the basis of photographs taken by the family just before the funeral and Singapore 's autopsy report . His new opinions come after the family provided him with a series of photos obtained from Singapore police and forensic officials . Questioned about the photos by a lawyer for the state , Adelstein admitted , "  The cause of death is difficult for me to say . "	Parents of American Shane Todd walk out of Singapore inquiry into engineer 's death Mother says an exhumation may be only way to prove family 's contention he was murdered The Todds contend their son was murdered because of his knowledge of research project The companies IME and Huawei assert no project agreement was concluded
CNN  -- For the first time since his release , Russian dissident Mikhail Khodorkovsky is telling the world about the 10 years he spent behind bars as a critic of the Kremlin . The oil magnate , who backed an opposition party , had been in prison since 2003 and was convicted in 2005 of tax evasion and fraud . He was due for release next year , but President Vladimir Putin signed an amnesty decree for him Friday . In his first television interview , the former Yukos oil tycoon told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour there were no conditions for his release . "  Mr. Putin , on a number of times , publicly said that he was ready to consider the question of my pardoning -- but I had to say I was guilty for that , " Khodorkovsky said during the interview in Berlin . "  That was an unacceptable condition for me . " Russia has faced international criticism for its treatment of Khodorkovsky , once Russia 's richest man . Countries such as the United States have accused Russia of selective prosecution and abuse of the legal system . Khodorkovsky made a fortune in the years following the collapse of the Soviet Union and used the wealth of his Yukos oil company to enter Russian opposition politics . He has said his prosecution was part of a Kremlin campaign to destroy him and take control of the company he built from privatization deals of the 1990s . While in prison , Khodorkovsky said , he was stabbed in the face . "  When I was stabbed with a knife I was lucky -- he tried to get to my eye but he got my nose , " he said . "  As a result , the dentist who was there -- someone who was also a plastic surgeon -- carried out an operation on me , which means it was virtually not noticeable . " Putin 's decision to pardon Khodorkovsky , who was supposed to be released next August , is seen by many as an effort to improve the country 's image before it hosts the Winter Olympics in Sochi in February . Officials say Khodorkovsky was released on humanitarian grounds because his mother is ill . When asked whether he forgives Putin , the former political rival replied , "  I would put it differently , perhaps . I do n't think that revenge would be any rational behavior . And something that is rational behavior I can always deal with . " ` Not interested in a fight for power ' Speaking at a press conference at the Berlin Wall Museum on Sunday , Khodorkovsky thanked those who stood by him and aided in his release . He said he was still thinking about his future plans . "  I do not intend to be involved in political activity . ... I intend to be involved in social activities , " he said , adding he also did not intend to go back into business . "  I am not interested in a fight for power . " Khodorkovsky said many political prisoners remain behind bars in Russia and urged Western politicians to keep that in mind when they meet Putin . "  You should not see me as a symbol that there are no political prisoners left in Russia , " Khodorkovsky said . "  I am a symbol that the efforts of civil society may lead to the release of people whose release was not expected by anyone . " CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian , Diana Magnay and Olga Pavlova contributed to this report .	NEW : Khodorkovsky says he 'll be involved in "  social activities , " not politics or business Mikhail Khodorkovsky was released Friday after 10 years in prison He says he was stabbed in the face while he was in prison He says Putin might have pardoned him earlier if he had said he was guilty
New York  CNN  -- A man arrested on suspicion of possession of an explosive substance allegedly told people he planned to blow up the iconic arch in New York City 's Washington Square Park , authorities say . Aaron Greene , 31 , was arrested in December after police say they discovered the explosive substance and a sawed-off shotgun in his Manhattan apartment while serving an unrelated warrant for felony grand larceny against his girlfriend , Morgan Gliedman . As part of the investigation , New York Police Department Intelligence Division detectives found witnesses who recounted alleged conversations that Greene had with them regarding the arch , Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne told CNN on Thursday . "  I 'm making bombs , " Greene allegedly told witnesses , according to Browne . "  What for ? " the witnesses asked , the deputy commissioner said . "  To blow up the arch , " Greene allegedly replied , Browne said . Formally known as the Washington Square Arch , it was built in the early 1890s and is modeled after the famed Arc de Triomphe in Paris . It was formally dedicated at the park in 1895 , and today it is considered one of Greenwich Village 's iconic landmarks . Greene , according to Browne , tested a small amount of the explosives -- believed to be hexamethylene triperoxide diamine , or HMTD -- in the park to demonstrate the power of the explosives to the witnesses . During the test , Browne blew up a small amount of the chemical by hitting it with a rock , which caused it to ignite and cause a small explosion , Browne said . Police issued no public reports of an explosion at the park at the time witnesses said the incident allegedly occurred . A week ago , law enforcement sources speaking on condition of anonymity said Greene allegedly set off a small explosion in front of witnesses inside his apartment . That 's what initially led witnesses to alert the NYPD that Greene possessed explosive chemicals , said the sources , who were not authorized to release details of the investigation to the media . After Greene was arrested , he was questioned by police about whether he had other weapons . He allegedly told police "  he had given them to a friend in law enforcement , " Browne said . Police say Greene did not identify the so-called friend , but investigators identified him as Daniel Whittaker , 33 , in Orangeberg , NY . Authorities say they discovered a cache of firearms in Whittaker 's home . "  We found 21 guns , including an Uzi and assault weapon , a switchblade , brass knuckles and a stun gun , " said Browne . Whittaker has not been charged by the NYPD , Browne said . Whittaker is a suspended corrections officer in Rockland County , NY , Browne said . Prosecutors say he is currently on trial in Rockland County on charges of drug possession and fleeing an officer . His attorney in that case , Joey Jackson , said that while Whittaker knows Greene , he had no knowledge of Greene 's alleged criminal activities and was not guilty by association . Jackson is a CNN legal analyst . Investigators also say they discovered undated letters allegedly written by Greene at Whittaker 's home . "  In one , Greene says his parents have sent him to Greece because they 're concerned if he stayed in New York , he 'd kill 100 people , " Browne said . "  On another piece of paper , he also wrote the word ` kill ' dozens of times and ` kill them all . ' " Greene also drew a symbol , according to Browne , that was the same one used by the Nazi Schutzstaffel , commonly known as the "  SS " . "  It looks like two lightning bolts , " he said . Police say Greene was arrested on December 29 after they discovered a plastic container with seven grams of the explosive in the apartment he shared with 27-year-old Gliedman . In addition officers also found the sawed-off shotgun and multiple rounds of ammunition , police said . "  The biggest cause of concern is the explosive , " Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told CNN . Police said they also discovered what they described as manuals about how to make explosive materials and bombs , including a collection of pages with a cover page titled "  The Terrorist Encyclopedia . " Greene and Gliedman were each charged with felony criminal possession of a weapon in the first degree and second degrees , the district attorney 's office said , adding that when the charges against the pair may be amended . Gliedman , who was pregnant at the time of her arrest , also was charged with felony grand larceny involving credit card theft . Shortly after her arrest , Gliedman went into labor and gave birth to a daughter who she named Melody , Browne said . Gliedman was released Tuesday on $ 150,000 bond , according to the district attorney 's office . Greene is being held without bond . The pair are scheduled to be arraigned in a Manhattan court on January 29 . Greene 's attorney , Lisa Pelosi , and Gliedman 's attorney , Gerald Shargel , both declined a CNN request Thursday for comment . CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Aaron Greene , 31 , was arrested by police on December 29 He was initially charged with possession of an explosive substance Police say they have evidence that Greene allegedly planned to target a monument He allegedly told people he wanted to blow up the Washington Square Arch , police said
CNN  -- India has long been cited as one of the fastest growing economies in the world , but it has n't always been the most hospitable place for business travelers . Ranked 132 out of 185 on the World Bank 's Ease of Doing Business Index , the country is often viewed as a hassle by executives . Part of the problem is that India has grown faster than its infrastructure . "  Infrastructure that we created for 2020 are already getting filled up by 2012 , " says Amitabh Kant , the man who is planning to bring India up to speed by 2017 . Kant already revolutionized his country once . The instigator of the "  Incredible India " campaign , he polished India 's flagging tourism image and turned it into a must-visit destination for the discerning traveler . Marketing aside , the campaign made sure journeying through the subcontinent was met with relative ease . Roads were repaved , landmarks rebuffed and the sector as a whole was trained to work with foreign guests . Today , the country sees 6.8 million overseas tourists annually . Now he is tackling what may be India 's most ambitious infrastructure project to date . The Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor , a $ 90 billion state-run enterprise , will involve connecting the 932 mile stretch between Delhi and Mumbai with new ports , airports , highways and rail links . For Kant , though , the real achievement will be the undertaking 's economic knock-on effect . "  The train opens up a completely new route for India , " he explains . "  It opens up the heart of six states , and what it does is really drive manufacturing . It creates seven new industrial cities of India , " he explains . The country has already seen several new cities develop on the outskirts of industry centers . Outside of Delhi , for example , sits Gurgaon , a 30 year old suburb with a GDP that has started to match its next-door neighbor 's . Unfortunately , many key urban features like adequate power and sewage are only just starting to be built . "  The city is doing some retro fitting , " admits Kant . "  You are seeing power lines coming up , you are seeing drainage and sewage coming up . " Kant is hoping to avoid this type of scenario with the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor . "  You need to have a very good plan of the backbone of the city you 've created , and then allow the private sector to come in at the appropriate time , " says Kant . The project may be ambitious , but Kant notes that its supersonic timeframe is necessary given the speed the country 's young population is growing . "  India has a very young population ; the median age is 25 , and the aspirations are very high , " he explains . "  We have to push for reforms at twice the speed we have been doing . " Despite the wealth of foreign investment in India , Kant also notes that the drive for change is coming from within the country . India 's middle class is 400 million strong , and Kant reckons that by 2021 it will account for 47 % of the country 's GDP . Many will likely work in cities , and the number is only going to keep growing . "  By 2030 , 350 million Indians are going to get into the process of urbanization , 700 million Indians by 2050 , " he explains . "  India has to create two and a half Americas . That is the challenge for India . "	Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor scheme will cost $ 90B Leading project is Amitabh Kant , the man who lead India 's successful tourism campaign Project seen as necessary as country 's middle class grows Speed of reform and modernization needs to be faster believes Kant
Salt Lake City , Utah  CNN  -- They were the words Elizabeth Smart waited eight years to say , and when she spoke them from the witness stand Wednesday , they poured out with an intensity that brought jurors to the edge of their seats . Brian David Mitchell was no prophet , she said . He was an unholy hypocrite . There was nothing divine about his mission to steal her in the dark of night and make her his unwilling child bride , she said . "  He was crude and vulgar , self-serving , " she stated , looking directly at the jury . "  He was his number one priority , followed by sex , drugs and alcohol , but he used religion in all those aspects to justify everything . " Assistant U.S. Attorney Felice John Viti asked how she could be so certain about Mitchell 's character , and Smart held nothing back . "  Well , nine months of living with him and seeing him proclaim that he was God 's servant and he had been called to do God 's work , and everything that he did to me and to my family is something I know God would never tell someone to do , " she said . " God would never tell someone to kidnap a young girl from her family 's home in the middle of the night , from her bed that she shared with her sister , from her sister 's side , and continue to rape her and sexually abuse her . ... I know he was not called of God because God would never do something like that . " Within minutes , Smart stepped down from the witness stand , ending three days of riveting testimony against the homeless street preacher accused of kidnapping her and holding her captive as his preordained "  celestial " wife . Asked if she was glad it was over , Smart paused for a moment , as if carefully considering her response . She then smiled and said , "  Yes . " Smart , who turned 23 last week , led the jury through the ordeal she calls "  my nine months in hell . " She was 14 when she was snatched from her bed at knifepoint and marched into the mountains behind her home to a makeshift camp , where Mitchell "  sealed " her to him as his wife . Other kidnapped girls were to come , she said Mitchell told her , and her job would be to "  demonstrate " to the newcomers how to carry out their sexual duties . Smart said she initially was tethered to a cable strung between two trees . She was raped on a daily basis , forced to smoke and drink and parade around naked in a game Mitchell and wife , Wanda Barzee , called "  Adam and Eve . " She said he called himself Immanuel and wrote a book outlining his religious beliefs called the "  Book of Immanuel David Isaiah . " He called his private parts "  Immanuel 's Pride , " and his bed "  Immanuel 's Altar , " she testified . She said she resisted his sexual advances , once biting him as he tried to kiss her . "  He said I would become accustomed and learn to love it , " she said Wednesday . "  He said he understood and recognized that I felt like a prostitute or a concubine or a second-class wife but that was n't the case at all . " Although Mitchell claimed to receive revelations directly from God and said he was destined for celestial glory , many of the details of his life , as described by Smart , were earthly and banal . Mitchell and Barzee constantly squabbled over her jealousy and his drinking , Smart said . He had a taste for pornography and boasted about his sexual prowess and his ability to outsmart other people . When he talked about his "  ministry , " he meant panhandling , Smart added . But Mitchell often was scathing in his criticism of the people who gave him money on the street . She said he talked constantly -- about himself . She never saw him show compassion , or give anyone else money or food . Except for concealing her identity , she said , he did n't show much concern for her or her family . "  He said that I was the apple of their eye and that they were heartbroken I was n't there but that they would be comforted and reassured that I was in good hands , " she said . Mitchell , 57 , has not been in court during Smart 's testimony . As he has during every court appearance since December 2004 , Mitchell closed his eyes and began singing hymns as soon as he was brought into court on Wednesday . In what has become a daily ritual , U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball brought the jury in , and intoned : "  Mr. Mitchell , you have a constitutional right to be here , which you now waive if you continue to sing . " In his thin , reedy voice , Mitchell went on singing about the crucifixion of Jesus Christ : "  They pierced his hands and feet and side ... " He was led from the courtroom , still singing with his hands folded as if in prayer beneath his chest-length beard . According to court records , he stops the moment he enters a room equipped with audio and video feeds that allow him to view the trial . His lawyers do n't dispute what happened to Smart but say Mitchell was insane , and therefore not criminally responsible for his actions . They speak of delusions that their client said provided revelations . Defense attorney Robert Steele was gentle in his brief cross-examination of Smart , mainly clarifying small points about her direct testimony . Asked about a statement she gave to a forensic psychologist shortly after she was found in March 2003 , Smart conceded that her memory was probably better back then . She crisply thanked the lawyer for refreshing her memory on another point . Smart was followed by several other prosecution witnesses . The prosecution and defense agreed to what two of the witnesses had to offer , and their testimony was read into the court record as a stipulation . A waitress testified that she often served Mitchell and Barzee and saw them joined by another woman wearing a veil during the late summer or early fall of 2002 . Another woman testified her husband briefly brought them home for a night or two ; the women were silent but Mitchell smoked cigars and talked religion with her husband , Ada Chestnut said . An employee of The Deseret News identified Mitchell as the man who tore down a missing persons poster of Smart in the newspaper 's lobby . The witness said the man told her Smart had been found . When she disputed his statement , he said he 'd read the news in a competing paper , she testified . Detective Jon Richey testified about his encounter with three people , later determined to be Mitchell , Barzee and Smart , at the public library in Salt Lake City shortly after Smart 's disappearance . He 'd been called to investigate a tip that Smart was there , but said he considered it a "  long shot . " The women were dressed in robes and veils and were not permitted to speak , He said he asked to look under the younger woman 's veil , but the man was insistent that he could n't . It would violate their religion , the man said , He seemed adamant and not at all evasive or nervous , Richey told the jury . He did not appear to be mentally ill . "  My impression was that he belonged to a religion or a cult that I had never heard of , " he said . The trial recessed at the end of the day Wednesday for the Veteran 's Day holiday and will resume Monday . It is expected to continue for another three weeks . In Session 's Jean Casarez and Lena Jakobsson contributed to this story .	NEW : Elizabeth Smart calls her captor "  hypocritical " for claiming a calling from God She testified Wednesday in trial of Brian David Mitchell , charged with kidnapping her "  He was crude and vulgar , self-serving , " she says Mitchell and his wife constantly squabbled over her jealousy and his drinking , she says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Democrat-turned-independent Sen. Joe Lieberman managed to keep his Senate committee chairmanship in part because President-elect Barack Obama did n't want to punish him for supporting Sen. John McCain , Lieberman said Tuesday . Sen. Joe Lieberman speaks Tuesday after Democrats allowed him to keep his committee chairmanship . The Senate Democratic caucus , following a lengthy and often heated debate , voted 42-13 Tuesday to let Lieberman continue chairing the Senate Homeland Security Committee . The caucus did , however , strip Lieberman of his spot on the Environment and Public Works Committee . A Democrat in the Senate for 18 years before going independent , Lieberman criticized Obama , the Democratic nominee , during the race for the White House . "  I know that my colleagues in the Senate Democratic caucus were moved not only that Sen. -LSB- Harry -RSB- Reid said about my longtime record , but by the appeal from President-elect Obama himself that the nation unite now to confront our very serious problems , " Lieberman said in the Capitol as those colleagues nodded in agreement behind him . Watch Lieberman express regrets over past statements " Democrats were angered by Lieberman 's speech to the Republican National Convention , where he praised his longtime friend McCain and criticized Obama for not reaching across the aisle to work with Republicans during his time in the Senate . Reid , the Senate majority leader , said Lieberman 's criticism of the Democratic nominee had angered him . "  I would defy anyone to be more angry than I was , " he said Tuesday . "  But I also believe that if you look at the problems we face as a nation , is this a time we walk out of here saying , ` Boy did we get even ' ? " Obama urged Reid privately to let bygones be bygones , sources said . Reid dismissed vehement criticism of the decision from elements of the party 's more liberal base , which insisted Lieberman be punished . Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont , the Senate 's other independent who regularly caucuses with the Democrats , told CNN 's Dana Bash he was one of the 13 who voted against Lieberman because while millions of people worked hard for Obama , Lieberman actively worked for four more years of President Bush 's policies . But Sen. Tom Carper of Delaware , one of four Democrats who proposed the motion to allow Lieberman to keep his chairmanship , said the caucus decided that it could forgive if Obama could . "  If Barack can move on , so can we , " Carper said . Lieberman , of Connecticut , and Sanders consistently vote on most issues with the Democrats , who hold a 51-49 majority in the Senate including them . Democrats picked up six more seats in the election two weeks ago . Three more still are being contested in Alaska , Georgia and Minnesota . Winning those three seats and counting Lieberman and Sanders could give Democrats a 60-seat , filibuster-proof majority , which would allow them to advance legislation at will and prevent Republicans from blocking it from getting to the floor . After serving three terms as a Democrat , Lieberman lost Connecticut 's Democratic 2006 primary to Ned Lamont , who was helped by bloggers and others angered by Lieberman 's support for the Iraq war . But Lieberman ran in the general election as an independent and was re-elected . Lieberman was the Democrats ' 2000 vice presidential nominee , running with Al Gore . Along with McCain , Lieberman co-sponsored the 2002 resolution that authorized the U.S. invasion of Iraq and has resisted removing troops . On the campaign trail with McCain this year , Lieberman strongly defended the Republican presidential nominee 's call for staying the course in Iraq . He endorsed McCain 's bid in December 2007 before the first nominating contest of this year 's election cycle . Before the convention speech , Lieberman angered Democrats when he said Obama was choosing to lose the Iraq war by planning to withdraw American combat troops . "  If Barack Obama 's policy in Iraq had been implemented , he could n't be in Iraq today , " Lieberman said , referring to a trip Obama was about to make to Iraq . Lieberman added that Obama "  was prepared to accept retreat and defeat . " CNN 's Dana Bash , Ted Barrett , Evan Glass , John Helton and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Democrats vote to let Sen. Lieberman keep top Homeland Security Committee post Some wanted to punish him for supporting John McCain 's presidential bid Lieberman cites President-elect Obama 's appeal against punishment
CNN  -- Princess Cruises ' Caribbean Princess docked early Friday in Houston , ending passengers ' vacations a day early amid an outbreak of norovirus . Princess Cruises spokeswoman Julie Benson says the early docking came because of forecasts predicting heavy fog in Houston , not because of the illness . But , she said a total of 178 people reported the illness during the voyage , and lab tests confirmed that it was norovirus . It 's the second outbreak of norovirus on a cruise ship this week . Royal Caribbean 's Explorer of the Seas docked in New Jersey on Wednesday , two days earlier than expected . Nearly 700 crew and passengers fell ill on that ship , the highest number of sick people reported on any cruise ship in two decades , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . On Friday , the CDC confirmed that illness was also norovirus . What is norovirus ? Norovirus is a group of related viruses that belong to the Caliciviridae family . People ingest the infectious virions , which grow in the small intestine before being expelled in feces . It 's the most common cause of acute gastroenteritis -- often called a stomach bug -- in the United States , according to the CDC . It causes 19 million to 21 million illnesses every year , most often in crowded environments such as nursing homes , day care centers and , yes , cruise ships . There were nine outbreaks of gastrointestinal illnesses on cruise ships last year , 16 in 2012 and 14 in both 2011 and 2010 , according to the CDC . Norovirus used to be called Norwalk Virus or the Norwalk-like virus . What are the symptoms ? Norovirus causes inflammation in the stomach and intestines , leading to stomach pain , nausea and diarrhea . These symptoms typically last one to three days . Other symptoms include a fever , headache and body aches , according to the CDC . Frequent diarrhea and vomiting can lead to dehydration , another serious side effect of the virus . People who are dehydrated may not urinate as much , feel dizzy and have a dry mouth or throat . How is it different from the flu ? People with these symptoms may believe they have food poisoning or the stomach flu . You can get norovirus from eating infected food , so that would be considered food poisoning . In fact , norovirus is the most common cause of food-borne disease outbreaks in the United States , according to the CDC . But norovirus is not the flu . The flu is a respiratory illness caused by the influenza virus . How do you catch it ? Norovirus is highly contagious . It 's a hardy little bug that can live in the environment for up to four weeks . The virus can live in an infected person 's stool for two weeks or more . People who come into contact with a surface a patient has touched or clothes they 've worn can get sick . You can also get sick eating any food a person with the virus has touched . Food commonly involved in outbreaks includes shellfish , leafy greens and fresh fruit . Any food served raw or handled by an infected person after being cooked can get contaminated . Food can also be easily contaminated if it has been sitting out for hours , such as on a buffet . People who have norovirus are most contagious when they are sick but can still transfer the virus even three days after they have recovered from the worst of the symptoms . How do you treat it ? There is no medicine or vaccine to specifically treat norovirus , but most people recover fully without treatment .  There is a vaccine in the early testing stages . Since this is a virus , antibiotics wo n't cut it ; they work only on bacterial infections . Someone with norovirus has only one option , and that 's hydration therapy . People who vomit frequently or have diarrhea need to replace the liquids they lose . Sports drinks can help with mild dehydration , but water is best . You can also buy oral rehydration fluids over the counter at most drug and grocery stores . Getting too dehydrated is dangerous . In extreme cases , people who do not get enough fluids may have to be hospitalized . There , a patient will get fluids intravenously . Will it kill me ? Most people will recover fully from norovirus , but it can become serious or even fatal in some patients , such as infants or the elderly . Norovirus can be caught any time , but it 's most common in the winter . Each year , the virus leads to approximately 1.8 million doctor visits and 400,000 emergency room visits ; most of these patients are children . Young children and the elderly are more likely to be seriously affected by norovirus . An estimated 570 to 800 deaths are caused by the virus each year , though there are generally more in years when a new strain is going around . This happened in the winters of 2002-03 and 2006-07 , according to the CDC . How can I protect myself ? Do not share food or utensils with people who are sick . Wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water , especially before preparing or handling food and after using the toilet . Alcohol-based hand sanitizer does n't kill norovirus and should not be a substitute for old-fashioned soap and water . If someone around you is sick , be sure to wipe down any surfaces they touch with a diluted bleach solution . Pay particular attention to cleaning the bathroom area . Wipe around the toilet , door handles and light switches . Also make sure to wash an infected person 's clothes thoroughly . If someone gets sick in bed , change their linens and towels immediately .	Norovirus is the most common cause of acute gastroenteritis in the U.S. There were 9 outbreaks of gastrointestinal illnesses on cruise ships last year Norovirus causes stomach pain , nausea and diarrhea There is no medicine or vaccine to treat norovirus , but most people recover fully
CNN  -- The year 2012 was a historic one for Saudi Arabia . It was the first time two women from the country competed at an Olympic Games . A month earlier , ten Saudi women climbed to Mount Everest base camp , headed by Princess Reema Bandar to raise awareness of breast cancer and to promote physical activity . However the situation for sports women from the country was different at the recently completed Asian Games in South Korea . Western media and various international organizations including Human Rights Watch commented that not one of the 199 athletes from Saudi Arabia was a woman . Mohammed Al-Mishal , the Secretary General of Saudi Arabia 's Olympic Committee said that Saudi Arabia was committed to sending female athletes to the next Olympics , but "  they were not yet competitive enough for the Asian Games . " "  Technically , we were n't ready to introduce any ladies and the new president of our Olympic committee  Prince Abdullah bin Musaed bin Abdulaziz  rejected sending women to only participate , as he wanted them to compete , " said Al-Mishal . Jeddah United is a women 's basketball team started in 2003 . In 2006 it evolved into a sports company that trains both girls and boys in team sports with the aim of promoting sports in the Kingdom and developing potential Olympic talents . Since the company was established , an elite team for both girls and boys has been training hard for possible international competition and to lay the foundation for a potential girls national team . Over the years there have been many statements by high-ranking officials in the local media in Saudi Arabia that supported integrating girl sports in public schools , opening private clubs , allowing female participation in neighborhood centers , and setting the stage for more Olympic participation . However , logistical challenges remain , as there are no local sports professionals and no space is being made available in these public schools . In addition to that , very limited private facilities are available for similar activities , and there are no female members of Saudi Arabia 's various sporting federations with the exception of Arwa Mutabagani in the Equestrian Federation . Finally , the absence of physical education departments in colleges and universities is another major hindrance to seeing more girls and women in sports . However , and in accordance with Prince Abdullah bin Musaid 's vision , Jeddah United believes that , in international competitions , female athletes should be at a level to compete and not just participate symbolically . Saudi athletes need to train and be ready physically , mentally , and emotionally . Government and private sectors need to collaborate to make this a reality . Public funds need to be allocated , as the private sector alone will not be able to nurture sports women to a level so they can compete against others from countries that have supported women sports for decades . The good news is that the government can rely on existing teams , athletes and initiatives that have been running for years on their own that will be the foundation for women sports in Saudi Arabia . " The views expressed in this article are solely those of the author Lina K. Almaeena	Founder of Jeddah United believes more needs to be done for women in sports Wants facilities and finance to boost quality of athletes Saudi Arabia 's team at Asian Games had no female athletes
The former superintendent of Atlanta Public Schools was among the educators who surrendered to authorities Tuesday after being indicted by a grand jury in a cheating scandal that rocked the district and drew national attention . Beverly Hall resigned from her position in 2011 after a state investigation into large , unexplained test score gains in some Atlanta schools . She has denied any role in the cheating scandal . A Fulton County grand jury last week indicted 35 educators from the district , including principals , teachers and testing coordinators . They were ordered to turn themselves in by Tuesday , District Attorney Paul Howard said . By 10:00 p.m. , 27 of 35 educators had turned themselves in at the Fulton County Jail to face charges including racketeering , theft by taking and making false statements about their roles in an alleged plot to falsify students ' standardized tests . Eight of them had been released on bond late Tuesday , the Fulton County Sheriff 's office said . In 2009 , Hall was named the National Superintendent of the Year by the Schools Superintendents Association , which at the time said her "  leadership has turned Atlanta into a model of urban school reform . " Grand jury indicts 35 in Georgia school cheating scandal But the indictment paints another picture of Hall , one of a superintendent with "  a single-minded purpose , and that is to cheat , " Howard told reporters last week . According to the indictment , Hall placed unreasonable goals on educators and "  protected and rewarded those who achieved targets by cheating . " It also alleges she fired principals who failed to achieve goals and "  ignored suspicious " test score gains throughout the school system . Her bond was reduced from $ 7.5 million to $ 200,000 , the Fulton County Sheriff 's office reported . On Tuesday , bond was set at $ 1 million for Donald Bullock , a testing coordinator at Usher/Collier Heights Elementary School , Theresia Copeland , a testing coordinator at Benteen Elementary School , and Gregory Reid , a Parks Middle School assistant principal . Bond amounts were set by grand jurors . Others who turned themselves in included testing coordinators , teachers and an instructional coach , said Fulton County Sheriff spokeswoman Tracy Flanagan . Investigations into the remarkable improvements on standardized tests were first reported by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution newspaper . A state review determined that some cheating had occurred in more than half the district 's elementary and middle schools . About 180 teachers were implicated initially . Cheating is believed to date back to early 2001 , when standardized testing scores began to turn around in the 50,000-student school district , according to the indictment . For at least four years , between 2005 and 2009 , test answers were altered , fabricated and falsely certified , the indictment said . "  We 've had cheating all up and down the line . It was absolutely amazing , " said Michael Bowers , a former Georgia attorney general who investigated the cheating scandal . Bowers said there were cheating parties , erasures in and out of classrooms , and teachers were told to make changes to tests . "  Anything that you can imagine that could involve cheating , it was done . " During the investigation , he heard that educators cheated out of pride , to earn bonuses , to enhance their careers or to keep their jobs , he said . Some teachers , overcome with emotion , fainted during his interview with them , he said . "  Not only were the children deprived , a lot of teachers were forced into cheating , forced into criminal acts , " Bowers said . "  Now , granted , they did wrong , but a lot of them did this to protect jobs . " Educators and community members reacted Tuesday to the charges . "  The Atlanta school community is obviously very upset about this , " said Stephen J. Alford , Atlanta Public Schools ' executive director of communications . "  I do n't want to pass judgment on the people , but we 've had a lot of parents who wanted to express their disappointment . " In a statement , American Federation of Teachers President Randi Weingarten and Georgia Federation of Teachers President Verdaillia Turner wrote : "  We do not condone cheating under any circumstances . Academic achievement can never be separated from academic integrity , which is why the Georgia Federation of Teachers was the first whistle-blower to expose Atlanta testing irregularities . "  Tragically , the Atlanta cheating scandal harmed our children and it crystallizes the unintended consequences of our test-crazed policies . "	Beverly Hall , the district 's former superintendent , turns herself in 26 other educators had surrendered to authorities by Tuesday night Some Atlanta educators ' bonds were set at $ 1 million 35 were indicted , accused of cheating on standardized testing dating back to 2001
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A rash of bank robberies in New York has the city 's police commissioner worried that criminals have turned banks into "  virtual cash machines " and some wondering whether tough economic times are fueling the trend . A surveillance camera captures a bank robbery suspect in New York on December 2 . On Monday alone , robbers targeted five banks in the Big Apple , some striking in broad daylight and near famous landmarks . Police called the incidents unrelated , but they 're just the latest examples of the growing tally of hold-ups . Bank robberies in New York have risen 54 percent compared with last year , with criminals committing more than 430 in the past 12 months , according to the New York police department . "  As it stands now , they 've turned -LSB- banks -RSB- into virtual cash machines , " New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said . Bank robberies are also up in many areas across the country , including San Diego , California , and Houston , Texas , federal law enforcement experts told CNN . It 's enough for some to link the trend to the rash of layoffs , the plummeting stock market and the bust in the real estate values , all of which have left many Americans in dire financial straits . "  It makes me think that the recession is making people go to extreme measures , " a woman who frequents one of the banks robbed Monday told The New York Times . Watch where the robbers struck " But Kelly said it 's not clear whether the bad economic times are fueling the unusual spike . "  People want to say ... it 's because of the economy . I think it 's too early to make that statement , " he said . CNN security analyst Mike Brooks agreed , adding that although there are typically many bank robberies during the holidays , there are no data to suggest that any recent spike was caused by the economy . Another expert said it 's possible that the difficulty of finding a job right now may be a factor , but he doubted that law-abiding citizens are turning to crime to make ends meet . "  It 's hard to attribute the bank robberies to people who were let go from Lehman Brothers or other organizations that are in trouble , " said Alfred Blumstein , who has researched criminal justice for 20 years and is a professor of operations research at Carnegie Mellon University 's Heinz College . "  I would anticipate that people who rob banks have been involved with crime before because that 's not where one is likely to start , " Blumstein said . A person who might turn to robbing banks is someone in their late teens or early 20s who has already broken the law and has decided to move on to a bigger target , he added . "  Bank robbery is a very high-risk activity , because most banks have various surveillance equipment in place , and it requires a degree of aggressiveness that otherwise law-abiding folks are not likely to take on , " Blumstein said . Some officials say the modern , customer-friendly design of banks -- with easy access to tellers and cash -- is too tempting for robbers . "  We do n't like the business plan that makes a bank look like a living room , " Kelly said "  We -LSB- advise -RSB- just some common sense provisions , such as so-called bandit barriers , so that tellers have some option to act when somebody puts a note in front of them . " In fact , bank robbers have simply handed tellers a note in a vast majority of hold-ups in New York . Kelly put the figure at 80 percent and added that although the rest of the robbers claimed to have a gun , many did n't actually show it . Mike Smith , president and CEO of the New York Bankers Association , is meeting with the NYPD to see what more can be done to discourage robbers . He said banks have a significant amount of security , some of which may not be visible to the public . "  Are there enhancements ? Obviously . Criminals talk to each other , they know what 's going on , but typically they are apprehended , " Mike Smith said . CNN 's A. Pawlowski contributed to this report .	Bank robberies in New York have risen 54 percent compared with last year On Monday alone , robbers targeted five banks , some striking in broad daylight NYPD : Not clear whether the bad economic times are fueling the spike Expert doubts law-abiding citizens are turning to crime to make ends meet
CNN  -- No sooner had Luis Suarez appeared to have taken a ` bite ' out of Giorgio Chiellini 's shoulder , social media was already sinking its teeth into the Uruguay striker . Suarez , who has previously been banned twice for biting , was accused by Italy 's Chiellini of trying to have a quick nibble during the final stages of Uruguay 's 1-0 World Cup victory . "  Suarez is a sneak and he gets away with it because FIFA want their stars to play in the World Cup , " Chiellini told Sky Sports Italia after the incident . While the referee may not have witnessed the incident , millions across the world soon weighed in with their own opinions on the matter . The 27-year-old Liverpool forward might be left chewing over this one for quite a while given the volume of online activity . Suarez was banned for 10 games in April 2013 after being found guilty of biting Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic . He was also guilty of biting during his time in the Netherlands with Ajax where he was banned for seven games after leaving a scar on the collarbone of Otman Bakkal . And Twitter users were quick to remind him of his former transgressions with even Major League Baseball getting involved . While most of the comments on Twitter criticized Suarez 's actions , some took the opportunity to offer the forward the opportunity to dine out on his latest antics . McDonalds in his home country offered him a meal while he can always visit his local Nando 's in Liverpool upon his return to England if he 's short of a mouthful . There was also a word for Suarez from someone who knows exactly what its like to have their ear bitten off -- literally . Evander Holyfield , the retired former heavyweight boxer once had part of his ear bitten off by opponent Mike Tyson during a fight in 1997 . And he was quick to throw a jab Suarez 's way on Twitter . What did you think of Suarez 's actions ? Tweet us your opinions @CNNFC using #CNNWorldCup or tell us on Facebook . FIFA starts disciplinary action Reality bites , but Uruguay have their hero 's back Smitten or bitten ? Some adore Uruguay 's Luis Suarez , others cry foul	Luis Suarez accused of biting an opponent during Uruguay 's win over Italy Suarez could face lengthy ban following incident Liverpool striker has been the hot topic on social media
CNN  -- Long established as the premier portal for sound , your ears are facing increased competition from emerging techniques for transmission through your skeleton . Bone conduction has rapidly become a critical asset for treatment of hearing loss . While a new generation of cochlear implants has had spectacular success in recent years , they rely on air conduction and the patient possessing a functional pathway from outer to inner ear . For patients with severely damaged pathways , such implants offer no solution . Baha  bone anchored hearing aids  units work by passing sound from a microphone to a magnet or implant beneath a patient 's skin , which is converted into vibrations in the skull and eventually arrives at the inner ear . This process extends the miracle of restored hearing to victims of such conditions as microtia or atresia , where the ear or canal is closed or deformed . "  It 's the natural spectrum of sound compared with traditional hearing " , says Brian Walshe , spokesperson of hearing treatment company Cochlear . "  Even with amplification it 's the same , there 's no distortion . " The company recently launched a wireless Baha set , an indication of the technology 's progress and growing popularity . Implants have become smaller and less invasive , while cosmetics have improved so that the system can be worn without advertising it . Bone conduction is not a new discovery . Ludwig Van Beethoven overcame deafness by biting a metal rod attached to his piano to hear his work . Neither do they need to be compensation for disability - such systems have been used by military in environments that require awareness as well as audio instructions . A member of the SEAL team which killed Osama Bin Laden wrote in his autobiography that bone conduction communication was critical to co-ordinating the raid . The innovation is beginning to seep into consumer electronics . In the early 2000s , headphone sets appeared that played music via the user 's bones , but the systems were hamstrung by high cost and low quality , with common complaints about muffled and distorted sound . The makers of Aftershokz believe they have solved those problems with a unit that retails for $ 79 . "  The difficulty for bone conduction has been transmitting vibrations through bone with enough power for music , you need to be on the 20 - 20,000 Hz frequency range , " says CEO Bruce Borenstein . "  We have been able to power dual transducers with enough vibration to make the sound musical , which has been our big breakthrough . " The bone conduction system offers key safety advantages over traditional earphones , by leaving the user 's ears free so that they are not distracted from their environment . It is even possible to drive wearing them , as they comply with the legal requirement to be able to hear on the road . The Audiology Foundation of America have also supported the concept , stating that it causes less damage to the ears than ear buds . A flood of competitors are entering the market and innovation is not limited to headphones . Google Glass are using bone conduction rather than ear buds for their speaker system , although there have been teething problems . Multiple patents are emerging for underwater and deep sea communication systems , and the technology has become cheap and accessible enough to be viable for novelty items such as talking pillows . The field has even expanded to offer audio communications through diverse body parts including the teeth and eyes . "  In theory you can hear from anywhere " , says Dr. Sunil Puria , ear biomechanics expert at Stanford University . "  Although practically there would be disruption by having to pass through soft tissue depending on the point of contact . " The technology has offered a new dimension to advertisers , with BBDO trialling a system on German trains that plays targeted messages to commuters as they lean against the window . The company claim a positive public reaction , and promise the concept will deliver social benefits through delivering announcements and emergency warnings . But the scheme has been controversial , with civil liberty activists arguing it is invasive and delivers content without consent . Dr. Puria foresees another ethical concern . "  As it vibrates your skull to generate sound , others around you can also potentially hear a message sent to you , so there will be privacy issues . That 's a problem that needs to be solved . " But he believes the major technological hurdles have been overcome . "  There has been tremendous progress , from miniaturization , to wearable and wireless , so that we have reached the holy grail of not requiring earphones . " From medicine to entertainment , from reef diving to sleeping in our beds , we may have to get used to a whole new set of voices in our head . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Stealing from nature : Incredible new tech inspired by biology Forget wearable tech , embeddable implants are already here This ` Star Trek ' - style molecular sensor fits in your hand , reads your food	Bone conduction technology is helping some people with hearing loss to hear again But it could soon improve the lives of people with healthy hearing too Google Glass uses it to communicate with users without blocking the ear Talking pillows , safer headphones , and underwater music are all in the pipeline
CNN  -- Federal prosecutors ' decision not to file charges against Bernard "  Bernie " Fine means that the former basketball coach may have escaped ever facing criminal charges stemming from sexual abuse allegations . Fine lost his job as an assistant basketball coach at Syracuse under a cloud of suspicion . At one time , four people accused him of sexual abuse . The university had investigated the allegations in 2005 and never sought criminal charges . Last year , the state of New York said it could n't seek criminal charges because the statute of limitations had passed . That left the federal case open , which came to a close Friday with the announcement that no criminal charges are coming . The yearlong investigation revealed insufficient evidence to pursue federal charges , U.S. Attorney Richard S. Hartunian said . The U.S. attorney 's office for the Northern District of New York has closed its investigation . Syracuse ball boys Mike Lang and Bobby Davis , who are stepbrothers , had stepped forward to accuse the coach of molesting them over several years . Another accuser , Zachary Tomaselli , said he had fabricated allegations against the coach . Man says his allegations were lies William Fitzpatrick , district attorney for Onondaga County , New York , said last year that despite credible allegations of sexual misconduct with minors , he could not bring charges against Fine because the statute of limitations had expired . DA : Statute of limitations expired A fourth accuser , prison inmate Floyd "  David " VanHooser , also admitted to making up allegations against the coach . When the allegations first surfaced , Fine -- married with a son and two daughters -- called them "  patently false . " The U.S. attorney said that in all , about 130 witnesses were interviewed and more than 100,000 pages of documents and records were examined during the federal investigation . "  We have concluded that the investigation has not developed sufficient credible evidence of the commission of a prosecutable offense to merit either federal charges or a referral to a district attorney 's office for state prosecution , " Hartunian said . He added that the closing of the case does not prove what did or did not happen , only that there was n't enough evidence to take it to court . Lang and Davis originally made their allegations in 2005 about events that occurred years before then . The university noted it had conducted an investigation in 2005 and was "  unable to find any corroboration of the allegations . " In November 2011 , The Syracuse Post-Standard newspaper and ESPN both reported the existence of a recording of a 2002 phone conversation that they say Davis recorded between him and Laurie Fine , the coach 's wife . In the tape , a woman -- whom ESPN , citing experts , claimed was Laurie Fine -- said she knew "  everything that went on " with her husband . Bernie Fine was fired from his position as assistant basketball coach the same day as those reports .	Federal prosecutors investigated sex abuse allegations against Bernie Fine The U.S. attorney says there was insufficient evidence for charges to be brought U.S. attorney says the closing of the case does not prove what did or did n't happen Fine called allegations "  patently false " when they first surfaced
CNN  -- When Joan Rivers had her star-making 1965 appearance on Johnny Carson 's "  Tonight Show , " he told her , "  God , you 're funny . " That , there is no doubt , she was . Sometimes her wit was self-deprecating ; other times it was directed , like claws , at other targets . But , as she said , she was put on Earth to make us laugh . Joan Rivers was a pointed , pioneering comedian Here are a few of Rivers ' best jokes . On growing up : - I was so ugly that they sent my picture to Ripley 's Believe It or Not and he sent it back and said , "  I do n't believe it . " - My mother never told me a thing . I asked my mother , "  Where am I from ? She gave me a fake address in Cleveland . " - I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio . - I was so flat , I used to put Xs on my chest and write , "  You are here . " On home life : - I hate housework . You make the beds , you do the dishes , and six months later , you have to start all over again . - I told my mother-in-law that my house was her house , and she said , "  Get off my property . " - Grandchildren can be annoying -- how many times can you go : "  And the cow goes moo and the pig goes oink " ? It 's like talking to a supermodel . On her love life : - I was dating a transvestite , and my mother said , "  Marry him , you 'll double your wardrobe . " - All my mother told me about sex was that the man goes on top and the woman on the bottom . For three years my husband and I slept in bunk beds . - Peeping Toms look at my window and pull down the shade . - I have no sex appeal -- if my husband did n't toss and turn , we 'd never have had the kid . - My best birth control now is to just leave the lights on . - My sex life is so bad , my G-spot has been declared a historical landmark . - I got a waterbed , but my husband stocked it with trout . - My love life is like a piece of Swiss cheese : most of it 's missing , and what 's there stinks . On aging and plastic surgery : - Looking 50 is great -- if you 're 60 . - When a man has a birthday , he takes a day off . When a woman has a birthday , she takes at least three years off . - My breasts are so low , now I can have a mammogram and a pedicure at the same time . - I 've had so much plastic surgery , when I die , they will donate my body to Tupperware . - I wish I had a twin , so I could know what I 'd look like without plastic surgery . On reputations and stereotypes : - A man can sleep around , no questions asked . But if a woman makes 19 or 20 mistakes , she 's a tramp . - It was a Jewish porno film : One minute of sex and nine minutes of guilt . - I spit on education . No man is ever going to put his hand up your dress looking for a library card .  Note : Rivers went to Barnard , the women 's college affiliated with Columbia , and was extremely well-read . On death : - My husband killed himself . And it was my fault . We were making love and I took the bag off my head . - At my funeral , I want Meryl Streep crying in five different accents . Opinion : Joan Rivers gave misfit girls permission to dream	Joan Rivers was always quick with a one-liner Jokes were often aimed at herself , though she skewered others Rivers died Thursday at age 81
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Prince Harry arrived in Afghanistan on Friday on a four-month military deployment in his role as an Apache helicopter pilot , Britain 's Ministry of Defense said . Harry , the grandson of Queen Elizabeth II and third in line to the British throne , is a captain in Britain 's Army Air Corps . He will be stationed at dusty Camp Bastion in Afghanistan 's southern Helmand province -- considered a Taliban heartland -- with the 100-strong 662 Squadron , 3 Regiment Army Air Corps . Opinion : Cheeky Prince Harry vs dull brother Wills The austere conditions will be a far cry from the more luxurious lifestyle he enjoys when on leave in the United Kingdom -- or on his widely covered trip to Las Vegas last month , where a scandal broke after he was photographed naked while partying in his hotel room on what turns out to have been a predeployment vacation . Prince Harry served briefly in Afghanistan four years ago , but he was hurriedly withdrawn amid safety fears when news of his deployment to a small forward operating base leaked . The media are allowed to report on his deployment this time , although the timing of his arrival in Afghanistan was kept under wraps . "  He 's approached the deployment with a range of emotions like any other soldier and feels both pride and anticipation as he deploys for a job he 's trained for , for so long , " a St. James 's Palace spokesman said . "  Prince Harry , like any soldier , considers it a great honor to represent his country in Her Majesty 's armed forces wherever it chooses to deploy him . " Prince Harry leaves scandal behind at UK awards dinner A palace source said the prince , who turns 28 this month , will be treated just the same as his fellow soldiers . The queen and Prince Charles have been fully briefed on his deployment , the source said , adding that Charles was immensely proud of his son . Harry qualified to fly an Apache helicopter in combat early this year , after doing some of his training over the deserts of Arizona and Nevada . He won an award as the best co-pilot gunner in his peer group during training . The Camp Bastion complex , near the large U.S. Camp Leatherneck , is one of the busiest airfields in the world , with more than 28,000 people working on site , according to the UK Ministry of Defense . While stationed there , Prince Harry will be part of the Joint Aviation Group , which provides support to the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force and Afghan forces in the region . Capt. Jock Gordon , commander of the Joint Aviation Group , welcomed Prince Harry to Camp Bastion -- and appealed for him to be allowed to get on with his job . "  Working together with his colleagues in the squadron , he will be in a difficult and demanding job , and I ask that he be left to get on with his duties and allowed to focus on delivering support to the coalition troops on the ground , " he said , in remarks quoted by the Press Association news agency . The Ministry of Defense said Harry 's squadron would "  provide surveillance , deterrence and , when required , close combat attack capabilities as well as escort duties for other aircraft . " How Harry tore up royal rule book Since Harry qualified in February he has been gaining additional flying experience with 3 Regiment Army Air Corps , part of 16 Air Assault Brigade , the statement said . "  He has been trained to fly in the front seat as the mission commander , a role that equips the operative to fly the aircraft from the back seat but the majority of the time involves operating the Apache 's sights , sensors and weapons systems , " it said . Harry was withdrawn only 10 weeks into his last deployment to Afghanistan , amid concern that knowledge of his presence there could expose him and his fellow troops to greater risk . This time , he is based in a more secure military complex , and Apache helicopters are a target for Taliban attacks regardless of whether Prince Harry is piloting them or not . His deployment is expected to be a big morale boost for British forces in Afghanistan and may go some way to restoring his public image following last month 's scandal . The prince hit the headlines after he was photographed naked while in his swanky Las Vegas hotel suite with friends and a group of women they had met . The images were widely published on the Internet and by Britain 's best-selling tabloid newspaper The Sun , prompting questions about media invasion of privacy . Other UK media outlets respected a request by St. James 's Palace not to publish the images , one of which showed Harry using his hands to shield his modesty , while another showed his bare bottom . Nude Harry photos : How UK tabloids lost their sting The Press Complaints Commission , the UK newspaper watchdog , said Thursday it had received about 3,800 complaints from the public about the decision by The Sun to publish the images -- but none from palace officials . "  The Commission is in continuing dialogue with Prince Harry 's representatives but as yet has not received a formal complaint , " the commission said in a statement . While the body appreciates the concerns raised by members of the public , an investigation without the consent and involvement of royal officials would be "  inappropriate , " the statement said . Before the drama over the photographs , Prince Harry had won praise from the UK media in recent months for embracing a more central public role in support of the queen in her diamond jubilee year . This included representing his grandmother at the Olympics Closing Ceremony and on a royal tour to the Caribbean . CNN 's Anna Coren contributed from Kabul ; Max Foster and Laura Smith-Spark reported from London .	NEW : Harry will be treated like any other soldier and is proud to serve , palace spokesman says His presence in Afghanistan is expected to boost morale among UK forces "  He will be in a difficult and demanding job , " a commander at Camp Bastion says Scandal hit the prince last month after he was photographed naked in Las Vegas
CNN  -- A former African naval chief appeared in a New York City court Friday accused of being a drug kingpin involved in smuggling cocaine from Latin American paramilitaries into the United States . Rear Adm. Jose Americo Bubo Na Tchuto , once head of Guinea Bissau 's navy , was seized on a boat on the Atlantic Ocean by officials from the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency . Four other Guinea-Bissau citizens -- Manuel Mamadi Mane , Saliu Sisse , Papis Djeme and Tchamy Yala -- have also been detained . Two more men , Rafael Antonio Garavito-Garcia and Gustavo Perez-Garcia , both Colombian , were arrested in a related operation Friday in Colombia . They remain there pending extradition to the United States . The five African men appeared in a U.S. Magistrate Court in New York Friday . DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart said the arrests were "  significant victories " against terrorism and international drug trafficking . "  Alleged narco-terrorists such as these , who traffic drugs in West Africa and elsewhere , are some of the world 's most violent and brutal criminals , " she said in a DEA statement . "  They have no respect for borders , and no regard for either the rule of law or who they harm as a result of their criminal endeavors . " According to the DEA , Na Tchuto , Djeme and Yala all face charges of conspiracy to import narcotics into the United States . If found guilty , they could face life in prison . Na Tchuto was designated a drug kingpin by the U.S. Treasury Department in 2010 , at which point he was chief of staff of Guinea-Bissau 's navy . He was subsequently arrested over his alleged involvement in an attempted coup in 2011 and then freed after another coup in 2012 . The two Colombians , along with Mane and Sisse , were charged with conspiring to engage in narco-terrorism ; conspiring to import narcotics into the United States ; and conspiring to provide aid to the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , as the guerrilla group is commonly known , by storing FARC-owned cocaine in West Africa . Mane , Sisse and Garavito-Garcia were also charged with conspiring to sell weapons , including surface-to-air missiles , to be used to protect FARC cocaine processing operations in Colombia against U.S. military forces . The arrests were the culmination of a long-standing undercover operation in Guinea-Bissau and elsewhere , the DEA said . Na Tchuto , Djeme and Yala were detained Tuesday in international waters near Cape Verde , off the West African coast , the DEA said , while Mane and Sisse were arrested in a West African nation two days later and handed over to U.S. authorities . They were then flown to the United States . Guinea-Bissau , a small coastal nation of about 1.6 million people sandwiched between Senegal and Guinea , has been wracked by successive coups and attempted coups since it gained independence from Portugal in 1974 . The current transitional government took over after the last military-backed coup in April 2012 . A U.S. Justice Department report in 2011 highlighted West Africa 's growing role in the international drugs trade -- and put Guinea-Bissau at the center of that illegal activity . "  Due to its lack of law enforcement capabilities , its susceptibility to corruption , its porous borders , and its strategic location , Guinea-Bissau remains a significant hub of narcotics trafficking on the verge of developing into a narco-state , " the report said . "  While many officials within the Government of Guinea-Bissau recognize the extent of the drug problem and express a willingness to address it , a crippling lack of resources and capacity remains a hindrance to real progress in combating drug trafficking . " The report pointed to Na Tchuto 's then-position as navy chief as "  likely to further entrench drug cartels in the permissive operating conditions prevailing in Guinea-Bissau . " According to the indictment unsealed Friday in New York , Mane , Sisse , Garavito-Garcia and Perez-Garcia "  agreed to receive and store multi-ton shipments of FARC-owned cocaine in Guinea-Bissau " where it would be held before being shipped to the United States . Once there , it would be sold for the FARC 's gain . The defendants also agreed that "  a portion of the cocaine would be used to pay Guinea-Bissau government officials for providing safe passage for the cocaine through Guinea-Bissau . " Na Tchuto , in discussions with undercover DEA sources , allegedly noted that it would be a good time to carry out the plan because the Guinea Bissau government was weak after the recent coup . He allegedly offered to use a company he owned to help with the plan and said his fee would be $ 1 million per 1,000 kilograms of cocaine received in Guinea Bissau , the indictment said . The FARC , designated a foreign terrorist organization by the United States , and the Colombian government have been at war since the 1960s . Though it began as an insurgency and continues to champion leftist causes , the FARC is sometimes criticized for eschewing its beliefs in favor of running drugs . Colombia is one of the world 's top cocaine producers , and the FARC is thought to make hundreds of millions of dollars from the illicit trade each year . The five African suspects are due back in court later this month .	Ex-Guinea-Bissau navy chief Jose Americo Bubo Na Tchuto is accused of smuggling cocaine He and four other Guinea-Bissau nationals face charges in a U.S. court They and two Colombians were arrested as part of a DEA undercover operation They are accused of conspiring to smuggle FARC-owned drugs to the U.S. via West Africa
CNN  -- With her sumptuous voice and glamorous looks , Russian opera star Anna Netrebko is one of the most popular ambassadors of classical music today . Discovered by maestro Valery Gergiev when she was aged 22 , cleaning the floors of the Mariinsky Theatre in St Petersburg , Netrebko has grown to become one of the world 's greatest living sopranos . Since the Cinderella-like beginning of her career , the Russian diva has charmed audiences at major opera houses across the world , including New York 's Metropolitan Opera , Milan 's Scala and London 's Royal Opera House . Along the way , Netrebko 's charm has helped her build a celebrity status rivaling that of a pop star . The 39-year-old soprano has her own music videos and is a global ambassador for luxury jeweler Chopard , while Playboy magazine has placed her in its "  sexiest babes of classical music " list . Netrebko opened up to CNN 's Revealed about her first steps , her bubbly personality and how motherhood could transform her career . CNN : How did it all begin , what was your first job in an opera house ? Anna Netrebko : Do n't ask me to tell you about cleaning the floors -- it was n't really a job . We were young , we wanted to spend a lot of time in the theater . It was very easy for us to watch performances -- opera , ballet , concerts -- we did n't have to pay for any of that . Working there as a cleaning lady was very convenient . I worked for two years when I was in my first years of studying . That was enough . CNN : Magazines like Playboy said you were sexy -- what did that say about the stereotypes of opera and how your image challenged them ? AN : This is very hard to say -- I would say if you can not really sing , they will not take you seriously . They might bring you up to Mount Olympus for a few days but after that , if you 're nothing you 'll fall down . Your good looks and craziness will not help you in this particular profession because this profession is very serious . There were a lot of people who said I did n't have a voice and I did n't have talent -- it 's just a flash around me . But you know what ? I took it in one ear and threw out of another one . How can you prove what you really are ? You have to work -- that 's what I did . I continued doing my photo shoots but I 've always been very serious -- all my colleagues will tell you that . CNN : How does your image help make opera more popular , more accessible ? AN : I do n't know if I 'm helping to bring classical music to a wider audience -- maybe , I do n't know . But still , the audience has to learn to love classical music , not the image but the music itself ; this is what 's important . CNN : You have a bubbly personality . Do you think that opera people feel you have to have a strict personality ? AN : No ! I am who I am but of course there are responsibilities . I have to be careful -- I can not party all night and then be destroyed for a few days because I practically do n't have a few days to rest . There 's very little time to get yourself together . CNN : Why do you think you get picked to play these young roles ? AN : In opera , it 's everything about the voice and possibility . I have a lyric soprano -LSB- voice -RSB- so I can sing certain roles and usually they are the young girls . If I had a dramatic soprano -LSB- voice -RSB- I would sing Tosca -- all these serious dramatic heroines . CNN : When do you think you 'll make the transition to older roles and how do you feel about it ? AN : Oh , I have to , soon . It 's natural . My voice is changing and I also want to try something new . I do n't know what happened to me , but I think after the baby my voice suddenly became big . Sometimes I 'm reading critics saying the voice is too big , she has to do more dramatic repertoire . Maybe this is what I 'm trying to do , slowly , because if you move too fast you can destroy your voice . It 's happened many times with lots of singers so I have to be careful . CNN : Does the pressure ease off when you become a star ? AN : No , the pressure of being good at a performance will never go away . Because to go on Mount Olympus is one way , and fast , but to stay there is very hard . It 's just a few years really , a few golden years of your career you can really stand at a very high level . Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Anna Netrebko is one of the world 's most recognizable opera singers The soprano has performed in major opera houses across the world Her glamorous looks and bubbly personality have earned her a superstar status
CNN  -- When Germany 's two biggest soccer clubs go head-to-head in Saturday 's Champions League final , there can only be one winner : German industry . The Bavarians of Bayern Munich will look to rectify last year 's heartbreak on home soil against Chelsea when they take on a formidable Borussia Dortmund side that is seeking to emulate the club 's only success in Europe 's top competition , back in 1997 . Some of the biggest talents in world football will be on show at Wembley come kickoff at 1845 GMT in London , with the likes of Arjen Robben , Franck Ribery and Robert Lewandowski set to dazzle the crowd . But the all-Bundesliga final could just be the sideshow to a bigger German act , as billion-dollar corporates gear up for one of the major advertising opportunities in world sport . From sportswear multinationals such as Adidas and Puma to insurance giants Allianz and Signal Iduna , Wembley stadium will be awash with the household names of German commerce -- all helpfully beamed to a global television audience of potentially 150 million . Thousands of toxic yellow and crimson red jerseys will sport the names of Dortmund 's sponsor -- chemical manufacturer Evonik -- and that of Bayern -- Deutsche Telekom -- as Europe 's largest economy struts its industrial might on club football 's most prestigious stage . Germany , Europe 's manufacturing powerhouse , is considered one of the economic bright spots of a continent dogged by recession despite the country posting growth of only 0.1 % in the first quarter of this year , driven mostly by consumer spending . Despite low growth , Germans -- recognized as the best savers in Europe -- proved they were ready to flaunt their cash as Dortmund received a staggering half a million ticket requests for the final while Bayern received 250,000 . Wembley can hold just 90,000 fans . Football finance expert Simon Chadwick said the final will provide a "  brilliant showcase " for "  Brand Germany , " adding that the flair and style of the Bundesliga as well as the wide array of homegrown talent on display will enhance the brands connected with the teams . "  Existing brand associations that many people around the world have with German products -- notably efficiency and quality -- will no doubt be reinforced , " Chadwick told CNN . Financial model of sustainability The ties between German industry and football run deep . Unlike in England , France and Spain , where clubs are backed by Arab sheikhs , Russian oligarchs and American tycoons , the German league prefers a more homely approach to club financing . Christian Seifert , chief executive officer of the Bundesliga and a self-proclaimed Borussia Monchengladbach fan , is skeptical as to whether the final will boost the national economy , but he does believe the game will be a good advert for German football . "  Bayern and Dortmund are proof that it is possible to have good sporting performance and to have solid financial behavior , " Seifert told CNN . Unlike other top leagues which attract more global endorsers , the Bundesliga clubs are largely sponsored by domestic brands -- 15 of the 18 clubs in Gemany 's top tier for the 2012-13 season were backed by local companies ranging from multi-billion-dollar insurance firms to family chicken and dairy farmers . "  The big difference that you notice between other clubs in Europe is the degree of indigenous corporate engagement , " sports finance expert Tom Cannon told CNN . Even the stadia are part of the Bundesliga 's "  Brand Germany " philosophy . While fans of Manchester United or Liverpool would scorn at the renaming of Old Trafford as the Aon Arena or Anfield as the Standard Chartered Stadium , regular rechristening is the norm for the 18 Bundesliga teams . So the Commerzbank Arena -- home to Eintracht Frankfurt and located in the country 's financial heartland -- is named after one of Germany 's biggest banks . Dortmund 's Signal Iduna Park , once the Westfalenstadion , and Bayern Munich 's Allianz Arena -- both tagged by insurers -- serve as further examples of the close links with big business in Germany . Chadwick believes branding stadiums reveals a consensus in football that is characteristic of German society and culture , where sponsor and fan cooperation is seen as for the club 's greater good . "  This shows both a level of commercialism and a certain betrayal of history and heritage that some fans both in Germany and in other countries find unacceptable , " said Chadwick . However , there is one fundamental rule for all Bundesliga teams that ensures fans are not kept in the dark when it comes to the control of their club . The "  50 plus one " rule -- a revered model of football governance whereby fans are the majority stakeholder -- applies to all clubs participating in the Bundesliga , with the exception of Bayer Leverkusen and Wolfsburg . Those teams were founded by pharmaceutical company Bayer and car manufacturer Volkswagen respectively and are 100 % owned by these companies , with the stadiums -- BayArena and Volkswagen Arena -- named in their honor . This is due to a rule that states if a club in Germany receives major financial backing from one party for over 20 years , that party can then take a controlling stake in the club . The boardroom structure in the Bundesliga is unique and completely different to the big clubs in England , where a relatively small ownership group dominates the board . "  The boards of these  German  clubs are packed with corporate heavyweights , " said Cannon . "  It 's a confident assertion of German industry . " Although Bayern is owned by the fans , both Adidas and carmaker Audi have 9 % stakes in the club , with the chairmen of both companies sitting on its supervisory board . In the case of Dortmund , 82 % of the club is free-float stock and owned by the fans but the corporate board is dominated by businessmen with backgrounds in banking and shipping . Bundesliga boss Seifert insists he is not concerned by the intimacy between big business and football clubs in Germany because the revenue generated by the teams pales in comparison to big multinational brands ' profits . "  I do n't think they 're too close , " said Seifert . "  The good thing is that the 100,000 jobs are created through the Bundesliga in Germany . "  We 're talking about global brands and they 're using football as a marketing instrument all over the globe . " The strategy pursued by the German Football Federation and the Bundesliga after a poor showing at the European Championships in 2000 has paved the way for the nation 's current success at both club and international level . "  Each club that wanted to play in the top two tiers of the Bundesliga -- 36 clubs -- had to have a youth academy , " Seifert said . "  Today more than â ‚ ¬ 100 million  $ 128 million  per year is invested and 5,000 players are educated in the program . " Dave Webb , a scout for English Premier League club Southampton who spent time observing the Bayer Leverkusen setup , explained that there has been major investment by Bundesliga clubs at grassroots level -- and players coming up from youth level are given more time to flourish than players in the English system . "  Bayern and Dortmund are very strong at youth level and that is behind their success , " said Webb . "  Players are judged a bit later in the Bundesliga -- instead of 17 or 18 , players can go right through to under-21 level before they reach the first team . " Given that co-ordinated strategy allied to long-term planning , no wonder "  Fussball " is coming home -- to Germany .	Champions League final provides a "  brilliant showcase " for "  Brand Germany " Bundesliga clubs have strong "  indigenous corporate engagement " Expert : Sponsor and fan cooperation is for the clubs ' greater good Like German businesses , Bundesliga clubs pursue long-term planning
CNN  -- Each day , CNN producers select a user-submitted photo to be our Travel Photo of the Day . Click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world , and be sure to come back every day for a new image . Have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share ? Submit it for the gallery at CNN iReport !	See more iReport galleries : Glorious Ireland , beautiful beaches Follow us on Twitter @cnnireport and @CNNTravel
Washington  CNN  -- Not everyone subscribes to a New Year 's resolution , but Americans will be required to follow new laws in 2014 . Some 40,000 measures taking effect range from sweeping , national mandates under Obamacare to marijuana legalization in Colorado , drone prohibition in Illinois and transgender protections in California . Although many new laws are controversial , they made it through legislatures , public referendum or city councils and represent the shifting composition of American beliefs . Federal : Health care , of course , and vending machines The biggest and most politically charged change comes at the federal level with the imposition of a new fee for those adults without health insurance . For 2014 , the penalty is either $ 95 per adult or 1 % of family income , whichever results in a larger fine . The Obamacare , or Affordable Care Act , mandate also requires that insurers cover immunizations and some preventive care . Additionally , millions of poor Americans will receive Medicaid benefits starting January 1 . Thousands of companies will have to provide calorie counts for products sold in vending machines . Local : Guns , family leave and shark fins Connecticut : While no national legislation was approved to tighten gun laws a year after the Newtown school shooting , Connecticut is implementing a final round of changes to its books : All assault weapons and large capacity magazines must be registered . Oregon : Family leave in Oregon has been expanded to allow eligible employees two weeks of paid leave to handle the death of a family member . California : Homeless youth are eligible to receive food stamps . The previous law had a minimum wage requirement . Delaware : Delaware is the latest in a growing number of states where residents can no longer possess , sell or distribute shark fins , which is considered a delicacy in some East Asian cuisine . Illinois and drones Illinois : passed two laws limiting the use of drones . One prohibits them from interfering with hunters and fisherman . The measure passed after the group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals said it would use drones to monitor hunters . PETA said it aims through its "  air angels " effort to protect against "  cruel " and "  illegal " hunting . Also in Illinois , another law prohibits the use of drones for law enforcement without a warrant . Gender and voting identity California : Students can use bathrooms and join school athletic teams "  consistent with their gender identity , " even if it 's different than their gender at birth . Arkansas : The state becomes the latest state requiring voters show a picture ID at the voting booth . Minimum wage and former felon employment Workers in 13 states and four cities will see increases to the minimum wage . While most amount to less than 15 cents per hour , workers in places like New Jersey and Connecticut will see a slightly larger increase . New Jersey residents voted to raise the state 's minimum wage by $ 1 to $ 8.25 per hour . And in Connecticut , lawmakers voted to raise it between 25 and 75 cents to $ 8.70 . The wage would go up to $ 8 in Rhode Island and New York . California is also raising its minimum wage to $ 9 per hour , but workers must wait until July to see the addition . Rhode Island : It is the latest state to prohibit employers from requiring job applicants to signify if they have a criminal record on a job application . Social media and pot Oregon : Employers and schools ca n't require a job or student applicant to provide passwords to social media accounts . Colorado : Marijuana becomes legal in the state for buyers over 21 at a licensed retail dispensary . Sourcing : much of this list was obtained from the National Conference of State Legislatures  . CNN 's Christine Romans and Emily Jane Fox contributed to this report	40,000 measures set to become law in 2014 Obamacare mandate is the big federal law going into effect But states and cities have laws impacting minimum wage , shark fins and gender identity New gun control failed at federal level , but Connecticut acting on its own
WHITE PLAINS , New York  CNN  -- Olympic track star Marion Jones was sentenced in a federal court Friday to six months in prison , two years of probation and community service for lying to federal prosecutors investigating the use of performance-enhancing substances . Marion Jones was smiling when she arrived Friday at the courthouse , but her smile soon disappeared . She said through her attorney that she would like to start serving her sentence as soon as possible , and Judge Kenneth Karas set March 11 as the "  surrender date " unless a designated jail is able to accept her sooner . Jones had pleaded guilty in October to charges of lying to a federal agent in 2003 about her use of steroids , and was sentenced on two counts -- getting six months in prison on the first count and two months on the second , to be served concurrently . Before the sentencing , Jones broke down as she asked Karas not to send her to prison . "  I plead with you to alleviate the situation by not separating me from my boys , even for a short period of time , " she said . But Karas noted that "  athletes in society ... serve as role models to children around the world . When there is a widespread level of cheating , it sends all the wrong messages . " "  People live with their choices , " he added , "  and the choice not to play by the rules has been compounded by the choice to break the law . " In a memorandum filed December 31 with the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York , Jones ' attorneys had argued that jail time was unnecessary because "  any deterrent message to the public has already been sent . " But in court Friday , Karas said , "  There are times when a sentence can have a deterrent factor . " In a presentencing hearing , Jones ' lawyers -- citing her history of being a law-abiding citizen -- had argued that the track star , who was stripped of her Olympic medals after pleading guilty to charges of lying to a federal agent about her use of steroids and engaging in check fraud , should be given probation only . Jones entered her guilty pleas in October and admitted she lied to a federal agent in November 2003 about her use of steroids . Watch Jones ' earlier tearful apology " "  The guilty plea in this matter and the circumstances surrounding it have been a very painful and life-changing experience for Marion Jones-Thompson , " said the memorandum . "  She has been cast from American hero to national disgrace . This part of her story will forever be one of personal tragedy . To be clear , the public scorn , from a nation that once adored her , and her fall from grace have been severe punishments . She has suffered enormous personal shame , anguish and embarrassment . She has been stripped of her gold medals , her accomplishments , her wealth and her public standing . " See photos from Jones ' athletic career " In addition , her attorneys noted that Jones has lost her livelihood , as "  professional track and field is the only career Marion has ever known . " There was no need , the attorneys claimed , to send her to prison , as she posed no threat to the public . Jones told the court in October that her then-coach , Trevor Graham , first gave her steroids in 1999 , telling her it was flaxseed oil . She said she took the steroid known as "  the clear , " or THG , from that time until 2001 , including during her competition at the 2000 Summer Olympic Games in Sydney . Her admission contradicted years of public -- and often angry -- denials from her regarding steroid use . In 2004 , she filed a $ 25 million defamation lawsuit against Victor Conte , founder of BALCO  Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative  , marketer of THG , accusing him of trying to "  destroy her career and reputation " when he said he supplied her with performance-enhancing drugs . The lawsuit was settled out of court for an undisclosed amount , and Conte in 2005 pleaded guilty to conspiracy and money laundering . A statement released by the U.S. attorney 's office also outlined Jones 's complicity in a multimillion-dollar check-fraud scheme . The money-laundering plot involved Olympic gold medalists Timothy Montgomery and Steve Riddick and more than a dozen others who attempted to defraud numerous banks by altering and counterfeiting checks . Jones originally claimed to have no knowledge of the scheme . USA Track & Field President Bill Roe issued a statement calling Jones 's saga "  a vivid morality play that graphically illustrates the wages of cheating in any facet of life , on or off the track . " "  No one wanted to see this happen , and we hope that Marion and her family can move on as well . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jessica Kelly and Mythili Rao contributed to this report .	Gold-medal runner will spend time in prison for lying about using steroid Jones pleads with judge not to separate her from her children Judge is n't moved : "  People live with their choices " For years Jones had publicly and angrily denied taking performance drugs
CNN  -- You could likely count on one hand the number of writers who could scare the daylights out of you as effectively as they could cheer you up . And there are n't too many fingers on that hand representing those writers who could do both in the same story or even on the same page and convince you that they know what they 're doing . Overheard on CNN.com : Ray Bradbury was ` very down to Earth , ' or maybe Mars Ray Bradbury , who died early Wednesday at age 91 , knew what he was doing when he threw you into a dark place leaking menace and dread at every corner and when he lifted you into an enchanted realm bursting with magical properties . Favorite quotes from Bradbury 's ` Fahrenheit 451 ' At times , these places -- light or dark , weedy or glistening -- were part of a distant past closely resembling Bradbury 's Waukegan , Illinois , childhood of blessed summer evenings and portentous autumn twilights -- evoked most memorably in his 1957 autobiographical novel , "  Dandelion Wine . " At others , they were places conceived in a hypothetical future that often looked like a hyped-up version of the present day -- or at least whatever "  present day " Bradbury happened to be writing . Top five Bradbury films Think , for instance , of "  The Martian Chronicles , " a collection of short stories regarded as Bradbury 's breakthrough when it was published in 1950 , even though he 'd been writing and publishing fantasy , horror and science fiction for at least a decade before . Bradbury imagined a red planet whose colonization by Earthlings brings upon its dry terrain both the sweetly nostalgic graces of early to mid-20th-century Americana and some of the harsher aspects of human nature -- disease , war , bigotry and so on -- over time wreaking irrevocable havoc upon the native Martians and their civilization . News : Sci-fi legend Ray Bradbury dies Bradbury was hardly the first to use the medium of science fiction -- or as its more serious followers prefer , "  speculative fiction " -- to engage social issues . But his success in bringing his futuristic Gothic tales to such publications as Esquire , the Saturday Evening Post and Mademoiselle broadened the audience for science fiction and elevated the genre 's standing in the literary mainstream . My last conversation with Ray Bradbury Wherever he was published , whatever he wrote about , Bradbury spoke to his readers in a style described by critic Gilbert Highet in his introduction to the 1965 collection , "  The Vintage Bradbury " as "  a curious mixture of poetry and colloquialism ... so brisk and economical that it never becomes cloying , so full of unexpected quirks that it is never boring . " Interview : Sci-fi legend Ray Bradbury on God , ` monsters and angels ' Some disagreed . Even Highet conceded in the same paragraph that he "  occasionally " found Bradbury 's writing "  a little too intense and breathless . " Still others griped that they found Bradbury 's blend of robust affirmation and astringent gloom too glib and calculated to please as wide an audience of soreheads and romantics as possible . But Bradbury 's more intelligent and incisive readers found greater resonance in his writing than his deceptively simple approach evoked on the surface . Rainn Wilson , others tweet tributes to Bradbury One such fan was the Argentine fabulist and poet Jorge Luis-Borges , who in his introduction to his Spanish-language translation of "  The Martian Chronicles , asked : "  What has this man from Illinois done , I ask myself when I close the pages of his book , that episodes from the conquest of another planet fill me with horror and loneliness ? " And there was nothing calculated or contrived about Bradbury 's blend of optimism and pessimism . The man who once wrote a guide entitled "  Zen in the Art of Writing "  1994  embraced all his contradictions -- light and dark , elegist and gadfly , dreamer and skeptic -- as one with a universe whose perils and possibilities he greeted with the same open-hearted wonder . "  I prefer to see myself , " he told an interviewer for the Paris Review in 2010 , "  as the Janus , the two-faced god who is half Pollyanna and half Cassandra , warning of the future and perhaps living too much in the past -- a combination of both . "  But , " he added , "  I do n't think I 'm too overoptimistic . " What did Bradbury mean to you ? Share with us on CNN iReport ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : Ray Bradbury could mix menace with magical possibilities He says Bradbury drew on his Illinois hometown to juxtapose familiar things with the future But his approach , deceptively simple on the surface , held social message along with dread Bradbury died Wednesday at age 91
EW.com  -- For many , "  E.T. : The Extra-Terrestrial " remains Steven Spielberg 's most indelible film , holding a special spot in moviegoers ' hearts .  I know it does for me . But when the movie was re-released in theaters in 2002 to celebrate its 20th anniversary , Spielberg tried to fix something that was not broken and "  updated " the movie 's visual effects . He gave E.T. 's face a CG makeover , added back in a couple deleted scenes , and -- most controversially -- switched out the rifles held by police officers chasing down Elliott and his bicycle buddies with walkie-talkies . Fans cried foul . "  South Park " mocked the decision . Last year , Spielberg himself even admitted he regretted making the changes , vowing that the Blu-ray release would just be the 1982 theatrical version of the film . And by gum , it 's exactly that . As you 'll see in the trailer for the 30th-anniversary Blu-ray edition of the film , out this October , those walkie-talkies are no more . While the Blu-ray wo n't have walkie-talkies , it will have two new bonus featurettes , one chronicling the day-to-day events of making the movie , the other a new interview with Spielberg reminiscing about the movie . Those two deleted scenes will be available separately from the cut of the film , and many of the bonus features from the previous DVD release of "  E.T. " will be available on the Blu-ray as well . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	In the 2002 re-release of "  E.T. " Steven Spielberg switched out the rifles held by the police with walkie-talkies Spielberg himself even admitted he regretted making the changes In the 30th-anniversary Blu-ray edition of the film , those walkie-talkies are no more
CNN Student News  -- March 29 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day How accurately do surveys reported in the media reflect what you 've personally observed ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF of this Newsquiz . 1 . What U.S. national landmark is scheduled to reopen on July 4th , months after it was damaged by the storm Sandy ? * * 2 . What international group offered Cyprus a bailout worth 10 billion euros ? * * 3 . Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay were the first two people to reach the summit of what mountain ? * * 4 . The U.S. Supreme Court is reviewing what federal law that defines marriage as only between one man and one woman ? * * 5 . What day marks the start of the Christian Holy Week , which concludes on Easter ? * * 6 . What Jewish holiday celebrates the Israelites ' escape from slavery in Egypt ? * * 7 . On Wednesday , Julia Pierson was sworn in as the first female director of what U.S. federal agency ? * * 8 . What natural event , caused by algae , recently poisoned some endangered manatees in Florida ? * * 9 . What college 's basketball team is the first 15-seeded team to reach the NCAA 's Sweet 16 ? * * 10 . What U.S. government agency certifies aircraft , oversees air traffic control and ensures runway safety ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
They were taken from their homes , some pulled from their beds , in the middle of the night . They were fathers , brothers and sons , members of the U.S.-allied Albu Nimr tribe -- the Sunni clan considered among the last holdouts against ISIS in Iraq 's western desert . About 50 members of the tribe were abducted in Hit in Anbar province , west of Baghdad , during the early morning hours on Saturday , Sheikh Nabil Al-Ga ` oud , a tribal leader , told CNN . Their fate is unknown . But Al-Ga ` oud and others believe they are likely dead , the latest casualties of ISIS who have killed hundreds of members of the tribe in mass executions in recent days . The Albu Nimr , who number in the tens of thousands , are ready to fight to take back Hit , Al-Ga ` oud said . The city was seized last month by ISIS fighters after weeks of fighting the tribesmen . Hit and neighboring Ramadi were holdouts in the Sunni-dominated Anbar province after ISIS swept in from Syria , taking town after town in the western province . Albu Nimr tribesmen were among those who fought them until they began running out of weapons and supplies . Tribal leader says fighters ready to strike ISIS Albu Nimr has a strong force ready to attack Hit , but they need to get the final OKs from the government and also try to coordinate with the Americans , Al-Ga ` oud said . Anbar was the scene of a bloody insurgency during the U.S.-led war in Iraq until an uprising by Sunni tribes , including Albu Nimr , in 2006 took on al Qaeda in Iraq -- the forerunner to ISIS , also known as ISIL . U.S. officials maintain that Iraqi support for Sunni tribes going on the offensive against ISIS will be a necessary part in the effort to defeat the militants , who refer to themselves as the Islamic State . In a news conference this week , Gen. Martin Dempsey , the Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman , signaled the possibility of the new role when he said the Iraqi government had not yet requested U.S. military support in efforts to defend a Sunni tribe that has suffered mass executions at the hands of ISIS militants . "  That 's why we need to expand the train-advise-and-assist mission into the ... Anbar Province , " Dempsey said . "  But the precondition for that is that the government of Iraq is willing to arm the tribes . " Dempsey said the United States had "  positive indications " the Iraqi government was prepared to do that but had not yet acted . There is no indication from Pentagon officials on when such a mission could begin . Public executions , mass graves The abduction and suspected killings follow reports this week of public executions and the discovery of mass graves containing the bodies of tribesmen killed by ISIS . The bodies of an estimated 200 members of Albu Nimr were found in a mass grave just outside Hit , a senior Iraqi security official told CNN . The tribesmen were captured by ISIS fighters after it took control of the area , the official said . Another 48 tribesmen were marched through the streets of Hit before they were publicly executed , the official said . And a mass grave was found in nearby Ramadi , according to Iraqi media accounts . Video of those executions had been uploaded to the Internet . "  We are deeply concerned by reports of mass executions of Sunni tribesmen in Anbar province by ISIL and strongly condemn the brutal actions that ISIL continues to perpetrate against the Iraqi people , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . " ... ISIL 's indiscriminate crimes prove , yet again , that it is targeting all Iraqis , regardless of faith or region . " Albu Nimr fights back Albu Nimr is known for its fighting skill and resistance . A 2003 Brookings Institution report observed that , though most Iraqi Sunni tribes were loyal to Saddam Hussein in the days when he ran the country , the Albu Nimr tribe had mounted a protest against the former Iraqi strongman in 1995 after the execution of a noted member . The protest was put down by paramilitary forces loyal to Saddam . In general , however , Saddam respected the Albu Nimr . Since Saddam 's fall , they 've been tapped to oppose al Qaeda in Iraq . They were also part of last year 's Sunni uprising against the former Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and his Shiite-dominated government . They have been fighting ISIS but say they have n't received much support from the Iraqi government and international coalition members .	Hundreds of members of Albu Nimr tribe have been killed by ISIS ISIS fighters carried out public executions of tribesmen in Hit Group had more than 50 members abducted by ISIS Saturday Earlier in the week , many others had been killed
The United States and the European Union "  stand with the people of Ukraine " in their fight for the right to choose alliances with countries other than Russia , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Saturday . His comments come after a week of political tumult in which Ukraine 's Prime Minister and Cabinet have resigned , a controversial anti-protest law has been repealed and the President has signed off on a contested amnesty bill for anti-government protesters . "  Nowhere is the fight for a democratic , European future more important today than in Ukraine , " said Kerry , speaking at the Munich Security Conference in Germany . "  While there are unsavory elements in any chaotic situation , the vast majority of Ukrainians want to live freely in a safe , prosperous country . They are fighting for the right to associate with partners who will help them realize their aspirations -- and they have decided that means their futures do not have to lie with one country alone . "  The United States and EU stand with the people of Ukraine in that fight . " The protesters have been in Kiev 's Independence Square , or Maidan , since November , when President Viktor Yanukovych reversed a decision to sign a long-awaited trade deal with the European Union and turned instead toward Russia . The government 's attempts to crack down on protests appear only to have strengthened the opposition 's resolve . Violent confrontations flared after the anti-protest law was signed two weeks ago , followed by an uneasy standoff on the streets as the battle in the political arena has heated up . Kerry also had a word of advice for Moscow , which has accused Europe of meddling in Ukraine 's affairs while denying itself exerting undue influence on Kiev . "  Russia and other countries should not view the European integration of their neighbors as a zero-sum game , " Kerry said . "  In fact , the lesson of the last half-century is that we can accomplish much more when the United States , Russia and Europe work together . But make no mistake : We will continue to speak out when our interests or values are undercut by any country in the region . " Kerry added that while U.S. democracy was "  a work in progress , " he was not going to shy away from calling out "  a disturbing trend in too many parts of Central and Eastern Europe and the Balkans " where people 's aspirations "  are once again being trampled beneath corrupt , oligarchic interests . " After his address , Kerry met with three Ukrainian opposition leaders -- Arseniy Yatsenyuk of the Fatherland party , Vitali Klitschko of the UDAR party and Petro Poroschenko of the "  Euromaidan " street protest movement -- the State Department said . ` Time is on our side ' European Council President Herman Van Rompuy also highlighted events in Ukraine as he opened the second day of the conference Saturday . "  Today Ukraine is on all our minds , " he said . " As people across the country are taking to the streets , Ukraine 's political destiny is still in the balance . " Van Rompuy said he and European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso had had "  a frank exchange " with Putin this week at an EU-Russia summit in Brussels , Belgium . "  We answered his concerns about the impact on Russia of closer economic ties between Ukraine and Europe . We also pressed the point of the rights of independent countries , " he said . "  Whatever the geopolitics , we have offered Ukraine a closer association with the European Union , the countries to its west . Not for free , but upon conditions -- which were close to fulfilled . And not against the great neighboring nation to its east , with which it shares a history and culture . "  The offer is still there . And we know time is on our side . The future of Ukraine belongs with the European Union . " But Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov presented a rather different take in his remarks to the conference . "  What does incitement of increasingly violent street protests have to do with promoting democracy , " he asked . "  Why do n't we hear condemnation of those who seize and hold government buildings , attack the police , torch the police , use racist and anti-Semitic and Nazi slogans ? He suggested European politicians were encouraging Ukraine actions that they would punish as violations of the law in their own countries . Lavrov also said the United States and the European Union appeared to be trying to push their own ideas on Ukraine . "  Freedom of choice is being imposed , and Russia is not going to engage in this , " he said . Torture claims Meanwhile , Ukraine 's opposition parties continue to call for constitutional reforms to shift power away from the President . They say the new amnesty bill -- which only comes into force if protesters vacate seized government buildings and unblock roads and squares -- is unacceptable . Yanukovych , who has been out on sick leave since Thursday , has resisted calls for him to stand down and defended the government 's handling of the political crisis . On Friday , Western leaders voiced growing concern over reports of the kidnap and torture of opposition activists in Ukraine . One , the visibly battered Dmytro Bulatov , reappeared Thursday , more than a week after he went missing . He told reporters he 'd been kidnapped and tortured by his captors -- who , he claimed , "  crucified me " by piercing his hands -- before being dumped in a forest . Both EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and White House press secretary Jay Carney condemned his cruel treatment . "  We are deeply concerned by increasing reports of protesters disappearing and being beaten and tortured , as well as by attacks on journalists , " Carney said . "  It is especially concerning that some of these reports have suggested the involvement of security forces . " Ukraine 's Interior Ministry has said it is investigating what happened to Bulatov . Ukraine , a former Soviet republic , is home to 45 million people . The clashes earlier this month were an escalation of weeks of largely peaceful public protests prompted by Yanukovych 's decision in November to spurn a planned trade deal with the European Union and turn toward Russia . He and Putin agreed on a $ 15 billion deal for Russia to buy Ukrainian debt and slash the price of natural gas .	U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets with senior Ukrainian opposition leaders Kerry : Nowhere is the fight for a democratic , European future more important than in Ukraine Russia 's Sergey Lavrov questions Western support of anti-government protesters European Council chief says he had "  frank exchange " with Russia 's Vladimir Putin
CNN  -- Syrian rebels bombed a hotel used as a base for government forces , the latest massive attack in the seesaw battle for the country 's largest city . The Islamic Front , Syria 's most powerful rebel alliance , claimed responsibility for the blast on Twitter . The group said it targeted the Carlton Citadel Hotel and several other buildings in the old city of Aleppo . According to the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , at least 14 people were killed and dozens were injured . The blast took place near historical ruins in Aleppo . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency described an "  enormous attack on Aleppo old city antiquities launched by terrorists ... blowing up tunnels they dug under archeological buildings . " Syrian state-run TV said the army confronted "  terrorist mercenaries as they tried to clash with the army after they dug a tunnel and detonated their bomb . " A military source said the Syrian army managed to control the area and "  killed scores of these terrorists , " the network said . State-run TV reporter Chadi Hilwe said Thursday is also the third day Aleppo is facing a water shortage because terrorists targeted a water treatment plant . Government forces and rebels have been battling for control of Aleppo throughout Syria 's 3-year-old civil war . The uprising against President Bashar al-Assad 's regime began in 2011 , with dissidents seeking democratic reforms and greater freedoms . Al-Assad 's family has ruled Syria for 43 years . After a fierce government crackdown , the peaceful protests spiraled into an armed rebellion , with rebels demanding al-Assad 's ouster . The Syrian regime has consistently said it is battling "  terrorists . " As the battles rage on , foreign fighters -- including radical militants -- have joined both sides of the civil war . Well over 100,000 people , including many civilians , have been killed in the past three years . Evacuation truce in Homs goes into effect What does the Homs truce mean for Syria ?	The Islamic Front rebel alliance claims responsibility for the attack The group says it killed at least 50 regime soldiers State-run TV says the Syrian army killed scores of terrorists Well over 100,000 people have been killed in Syria 's civil war
CNN  -- I have always been a fiercely independent woman . I learned from my grandmother -- the breadwinner in her marriage -- that there was nothing that a woman could n't do as well as a man . I started working when I was 16 years old and , by all accounts , I had achieved a fairly high degree of success as a young journalist in my early 20s . A die-hard feminist , my desire for self-sufficiency did n't stem from a movement : It was personal . A child of divorced parents who always fought about money-related issues , and with my grandmother 's words etched in my mind , I told myself at a young age that I would never rely on a man or anyone to take care of me . I became so defiant about being able to do things on my own that I would rarely even let people buy me meals . That still holds true today . Then , I met "  Tom , " who was much older and more successful than me . We started dating in my early 30s at a time when my career had me traveling all over the world to report stories . I was neither looking for a relationship nor cared to be in one . A lot of my friends , however , were beginning to settle down and I started to feel like something was wrong with me for not being able to even fathom doing the same . That 's not to say I was n't happy with where I was : I loved my work and I loved the woman I had become . Tom was a nice man who seemed to take a liking to me quite quickly . Like many men of similar ilk , Tom could be aggressive about acquiring things he wanted . Before I knew it , I was being sucked into his vortex . One week we 'd be cruising the Mediterranean in a massive full-service yacht , the next we 'd be on a shopping excursion in Rome . It all happened so fast and I was being exposed to a part of the world that -- despite being well-traveled -- I had never experienced . It started to become glaringly apparent that I was being seduced by a lifestyle . I was becoming a sugar baby . Or at least , that 's how I felt . College ` sugar babies ' date for cash We all know what sugar daddies are : Wealthy older men have throughout history sought out much younger women -- "  sugar babies " -- to date , even marry and take care of . Despite the women 's liberation movement , our culture is always reminding us of gender roles . Today , websites like SeekingArrangement.com are making it that much easier for men and women to connect by waving the carrot of support and financial security to attract youth and beauty . SeekingArrangement.com CEO says love does n't exist While I think Tom liked me because of my independent spirit , I 'm quite sure he hoped that the longer we were in a relationship together , the more likely it would be that I would eventually give up my career and let him support me . He was not at all a bad person , but increasingly , I was starting to feel owned and that I was losing myself . Now there 's nothing wrong with being in a relationship in which one person financially supports the other . We all contribute to our relationships in different ways and in no way should any contribution be trivialized . I just knew that I was in mine for the wrong reasons and that I had compromised the woman I had worked so hard to become . I am now married and have a child with a man who is quite successful in his own right . I know that if I fall onto hard times , he 'll support me , and I will do the same . Even though we 're equal partners in our marriage , it 's important for me to maintain my own identity , career and finances . "  No matter what , " my grandma always said , "  have your own money . " In a span of a lifetime , my relationship with Tom was a mere blip . But , it serves as a constant reminder of a time when I did n't recognize myself , and that did n't feel very good .	Lisa Ling describes herself as "  fiercely independent " and "  a die-hard feminist " While dating an older , richer man , she became "  seduced by a lifestyle " Ling explores the world of "  sugaring " in the premiere of her new CNN show Watch "  This is Life with Lisa Ling " Sundays at 10p
TAMARAC , Florida  CNN  -- "  Schlep . " A senior discusses Sen. Barack Obama with organizers of the Great Schelp in Tamarac , Florida , on Sunday . A Yiddish word meaning to pull , yank or tug , schlep is a good way of describing what it took for Mike Bender to persuade his grandparents to vote for Sen. Barack Obama for president . Bender 's grandparents , Kenny and Selma Furst , 90 and 87 years old , should have been an easy sell to support the Democratic nominee for president . Like many of the estimated 650,000 Jews living in Florida , the Fursts are lifelong , passionate Democrats and a crucial vote for any Democratic candidate hoping to win the battleground state . But when Bender -- who is not affiliated with Obama 's campaign but supports him -- brought up the idea of voting for Obama over Thanksgiving dinner last year , he was met with an uncharacteristic silence . "  Their reaction was , as they said , ` I 'm a little meschugah , ' " Bender said , adding that the expression meant "  crazy . " For Selma Furst , voting for an African-American for president seemed unthinkable . Watch a "  few little known Jewish facts " on Obama " "  I grew up with Jewish people and Italian people , but I never lived in a neighborhood that was black , " she said . "  Somebody said to me , ` What do you object to about him ? ' I said , well , truthfully , our colors are different . " Overcoming the prejudices of his grandparents ' generation would be difficult , Bender realized . But he was not going to be alone . Ari Wallach , co-executive director of Jews Vote , a Jewish advocacy group , also said he saw reluctance among some older , traditionally Democratic Jews to support Obama . But Wallach said it was n't just a question of race . He cited a months-long misleading Internet campaign that aimed to convince voters that Obama is a Muslim or that he would reverse the United States ' policy of supporting Israel . Obama is Christian and says he backs a strong U.S.-Israel relationship . "  The older demographic particularly were being hit with tons and tons of Obama smear e-mails , " Wallach said . "  If you really want to talk to them in a way that will bring them over to the Obama side , you want to do it one to one , ideally with people they love . And grandparents love no one more than their grandkids . " And so the Great Schlep was born . The idea was that young , Jewish Democrats would flood Florida and convince their elders that voting for Obama was OK . To get the word out about the Great Schlep , Wallach and his colleagues turned to comedian Sarah Silverman . Silverman makes the case for Obama in a Web video in which she attempts to show similarities -- some tenuous -- between an African-American man and an older Jewish woman . She raves about the Democratic candidate 's brisket and points out that Barack comes from the Hebrew word for "  lightning . " Watch the Great Schlep " The video ends with Silverman advising Obama supporters to let their grandparents know that should they fail to vote Democratic in the presidential election in November , maybe they should n't expect many more family visits . The Silverman video quickly became a Web sensation , garnering about 2 million hits in the two weeks since it was posted on thegreatschlep.com , organizers said . Thousands of people pledged to call their relatives in Florida and more than 100 people volunteered to pay their own way to travel to the Sunshine State to campaign for Obama among Jewish voters , Wallach said . Bender saw the Silverman video on YouTube in Los Angeles , California , where he works as a writer . Despite the humor of Silverman 's call to schlep , the video 's message resonated with Bender because of the difficulty he faced convincing his own grandparents . "  I thought it was brilliant , " Bender said . He decided to go to Florida and try one more time . When Bender recently returned to his grandparents ' retirement community in Tamarac , Florida , near Fort Lauderdale , he was greeted with several surprises . Months of telephone conversations and his trip had paid off : His grandparents told him shortly after he arrived that they were going to support Obama . The next surprise was that his schlep had generated interest around their retirement community . A lot of interest . So many other seniors wanted to hear about Obama that the venue for a meeting on the subject had to be changed from the Furst 's living room to a ballroom in the community 's clubhouse . An hour before Bender started to make his case about Obama on Sunday , groups of senior citizens were staking out space in the ballroom . Soon there were more than 100 people and no more chairs . Sporting an Obama T-shirt with Hebrew writing on it , retiree Morty Brill said , "  The economy , the war , you think you can trust Republicans to fix them ? " If there were any people in the room with reservations about Barack Obama , they kept those doubts to themselves . As Bender told the crowd that Obama was not a Muslim and that Obama was a staunch supporter of Israel , he was met with heads nodding in agreement throughout the room . However , Bender felt the need to drive the point further . If Obama was elected , he said , then Bender would not worry so much about politics and "  would have more time to find a nice Jewish girl to marry . " Whether Mike Bender 's schlep really changed any minds is anyone 's guess , but the applause from the crowd was deafening .	The Great Schlep has Jewish Democrats pitching Barack Obama to elders in Florida Schlep is a Yiddish word meaning to pull or tug Organizer : Some traditionally Democratic Jews reluctant to support Obama Florida has 650,000 Jews , many of them Democrats
CNN  The elusive artist Banksy is known for producing powerful imagery , so it makes sense that more than 100,000 people would share his Instagrammed tribute to those killed in Paris on Wednesday . Except the artist says it 's not his . After 12 people were killed Wednesday during a lunchtime attack on the offices of a Paris-based satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo , an illustration was posted on the Instagram account @Banksy , which has about a million followers . The drawing shows a sharpened pencil with the word "  yesterday " written above it , followed by a broken pencil with the word "  today " and a final image marked "  tomorrow , " with the broken portion of the pencil sharped to create two pencils . However , a representative for Banksy has denied to The Independent newspaper that the image is his creation , as has been claimed . The caption on the Instagram says "  RIP . " A tag was later added for French illustrator Lucille Clerc , who is based in London . "  We can confirm this is not by Banksy , " the representative said . Clerc tweeted her tribute to the dead , among whom were several respected political cartoonists , with the caption "  Break one , thousand will rise #CharlieHebdo #JeSuisCharlie #raiseyourpencilforfreedom . " It 's just one of many tributes that have appeared on social media as the world reacted in the wake of the shootings .	The image has been shared by more than 100,000 It pays tribute to those killed in Wednesday 's Paris attack Social media have been flooded with tributes to the victims
Atlanta  CNN  -- Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and his wife , Rosalynn , will travel Monday to Havana , Cuba , for a visit at the invitation of the Cuban government , the Carter Center announced Friday . During the trip , which will last through Wednesday , they will meet with high-level officials of the communist regime , including President Raul Castro , and other Cuban citizens "  to learn about new economic policies and the upcoming Party Congress , and to discuss ways to improve U.S.-Cuba relations , " the Atlanta , Georgia-based center said in a written statement . The trip is being undertaken as a private , nongovernmental mission under the auspices of the not-for-profit Carter Center . Carter last visited the island in May 2002 , becoming the first former or sitting U.S. president to travel to Cuba since 1928 . In a speech broadcast live on Cuban radio and television , Carter , speaking in Spanish , called on the United States to end its "  ineffective 43-year-old economic embargo " on the island . He also called on then-President Fidel Castro to hold free elections , improve human rights , and allow greater civil liberties . "  Analysts said it was the first time in 43 years that citizens had heard any public criticism of the Cuban government , much less direct condemnation of human rights violations , " Carter wrote in his report from the trip , referring to the time since Castro had been in power . "  I anticipated President Castro would be upset , but he greeted me after the session . "	Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter are departing Monday at invitation of the Cuban government During the trip to the island , they will meet with President Raul Castro Discussions will include new economic policies and ways to improve U.S.-Cuba relations
CNN  -- The final two teams left standing at Euro 2012 should come as no surprise , and nor should another painful exit for perennial underachievers England . A heart-breaking defeat on penalties in their quarterfinal was preceded by 120 minutes which saw the style of finalists Italy overwhelm English pragmatism and conquer their heart-on-sleeve spirit . So why does England continue to employ this bulldog style ? And why ca n't the country who gave birth to the game reinvent itself like the all-conquering Spain team , who will be gunning for a third consecutive major title against Italy in Kiev on Sunday , or the dynamic Germans , young pretenders who fell at the semifinal stage ? The answer , according to two respected authors , is history , and how the nation 's deep-rooted view of masculinity has molded its soccer style . Until that changes , this relentless cycle of disappointment will continue . David Winner , who wrote "  Brilliant Orange , " a study of how Dutch culture and psyche contributed to the influence their football visionaries have had on the game , argues England 's approach to football has not changed for over half a century . "  The English were very true to their strengths and weaknesses at Euro 2012 , " Winner told CNN . "  They 've been losing in that way for 60 years . "  Every time it comes as surprise when English heart , commitment and valor and all these old Victorian values come unstuck against much more skilful opponents . " Italy reach semifinals after penalty kicks drama The breeding ground for this English style of football has its roots in the boisterous games of the medieval period , Winner argues , and the intrinsic love for "  testosterone festivals " like rugby , which was invented around the same time as soccer . For him , the attritional modus operandi showcased by England during Sunday 's morale-sapping defeat to a far more fluent Italy side shows the national game is still weighed down by this regressive approach . "  The game is profoundly rooted in old English stuff and we never lost that , " he adds . "  We love the battlers like  former England players  Terry Butcher , Stuart Pearce and Tony Adams . " "  The idea the game is all about skill and you express your manliness not by fighting but by your skill in being able to do very delicate things -- that affronts something deep in the English male psyche and I do n't see any change to it . " Winner 's view is shared by Simon Kuper , journalist and co-author of "  Soccernomics , " a book about football 's truths , who subscribes to the view that England 's methodology was spawned from a notion that the soldier was society 's greatest role model . This then infiltrated the nation 's best-loved game , reinforcing the idea of a "  warrior " culture , when grit and determination were valued over technical skill . The stats from Euro 2012 back this theory up , with England blocking more shots on goal and putting in more tackles than any other nation upon their exit . "  In northern Europe , in general , we tend to value discipline and sticking to your task highly , " said Kuper . "  The collective discipline is important and England and Germany are examples of that . We live in countries where that is valued . You do n't lose yourself in personal creativity , you do your job . "  The model for the British man is the soldier , maybe even still is . The tabloids talk about our players as soldiers , so the values that are very highly praised in English football are bravery , passion , obedience , hard work and you do n't tend to hear that much talk about creativity and inspiration , which are not soldierly virtues . " But it is n't all gloom and doom for England . Hope can be extracted from two titans of Europe , Spain and Germany , both of whom radically revamped their approach to the game in the last 15 years . For decades , Spain were one of soccer 's greatest underachievers , entrenched in a style that emerged from what General Franco termed "  La Furia EspaÃ ± ola , " or the Spanish fury . Like England , Spain 's values were immersed in hard work and fight . Time and time again Spain promised much but failed to deliver on the biggest stage . It was not until after the turn of the century their traditional tactics were abandoned , and a new style executed by a generation of emerging players started to yield unprecedented results . Winner insists the revolution was brought about by Spanish giants Barcelona , and their modern interpretation on the Netherlands teams of the 1970s , led by Johan Cruyff , who were said to play "  total football . " During his stint as manager of Barcelona , Cruyff 's doctrine permeated the club , and he played a key role in the establishment of its "  La Masia " youth academy that has produced so many gifted players that now make up the backbone for the national team . "  Look at how the Spanish used to play and the way they play now , " Winner explains . "  There 's almost no point of contact between the two styles . " Reinventing the wheel : How Guardiola revolutionized football Germany have also undergone a relatively recent transformation , shedding their traditional , battling , hardworking approach after poor returns at the 1998 World Cup in France and the European Championships two years later . Their past triumphs in both competitions -- Germany can boast three titles in each tournament -- were conducted in a manner far removed from the way the current side operate , with skilful and exciting players like Mesut Ozil and Thomas Muller at their forefront . German football expert Raphael Honigstein told CNN an insistence on better technical development for young players , instigated in the late 1990s and early 2000s as a result of an under-performing national side , are now starting to pay dividends . "  Those changes are apparent now -- this is the first generation to benefit , " he said . "  If you have those technical players at your disposal then that will affect they way you play . "  There was a realization that the Bundesliga 's power and success saw an increase in foreigners and that young German players were n't coming through . One of the reasons they identified was the coaching was n't up to scratch anymore . "  They invested lots of money into coaching and youth development and they produced better players . As a result better all-round players were being produced . They gave someone like coach Joachim Low many more options . " Germany knock Greece out of Euros England 's quarterfinal defeat has prompted a familiar round of introspection as journalists , pundits , players and managers put forward their blueprint for a bright new future . Yet the national team 's malaise is at odds with the global success enjoyed by its domestic competition . The English Premier League is regularly described as the best , most exciting league in the world , borne out by the record amounts of money broadcasters pay to televise it . The next slab of TV rights in the UK was recently sold for Â # 3 billion . But would the Premier League punters welcome a move away from traditional values , which often provide open and frenetic matches , if it meant England were able to re-establish themselves as an international force ? "  People would like England to be a winning team but they are n't willing to go through the changes to make it possible , " Winner added . "  If English clubs team were good enough to play the way Spain do -- get a one goal lead and close it out by keeping the ball -- no club crowd would tolerate that for more than 20 minutes . They 'd scream ` Get it upfield . ' "  We 'd find that boring and the crowds would stay away , and they 'd also find it unmanly . " There are changes afoot though . The English Football Association told CNN its new National Football Center , which will act as a development hub for young players and coaches , is due to be handed over next week . Prior to England 's humiliating 4-1 defeat to Germany in the second round of the 2010 World Cup , the FA embarked on a process to develop a new philosophy for how the national game should be played , and it has subsequently made changes to the way youngsters are coached . Andy Hilton , a development officer at the coalface of grassroots football in Manchester , says coaching methods and the attitude of parents who would perpetuate the "  win at all costs mentality " are also starting to change . He and his colleagues are trying to mesh the traditional English "  warrior " style with the more cultured flavor of Spain and Germany , in order to produce players who are comfortable in any type of match situation . "  With the older age groups of 15 and over , the English ` warrior ' is still the dominant football force . Players love street football moves to beat and humiliate an opponent but the game is high tempo , high octane power and speed with an edge of violence , " Hilton said . "  Conversely with the younger players many coaches are concentrating on manipulating the ball , being comfortable with it , and not being afraid to dribble or pass it when the situation dictates . "  I suppose the question is how do we keep the tiki-taka with young adulthood from childhood ? Testosterone , body changes and finding their niche in society forces players to conform to the warrior or look lesser in others ' eyes . " Both Winner and Kuper agree that England needs a new model , and beginning with a detailed look at how Spain and Germany transformed their fortunes would be a productive starting point . In the meantime , until any of these changes take hold , perhaps the best thing for English fans to do is lower expectations and prepare for an immediate future laden with modest returns . "  The future is only bleak in terms of winning tournaments -- England are not going to do that , " said Winner . "  But they 'll bring the nation some pleasure and get out of their group most years . They qualify for tournaments almost always . "  We have to change our expectations as a nation , stop having this post-imperial sense that we are entitled to win because we invented the game , and be a bit realistic . "	Perennial underachievers England last won a major international tournament in 1966 Journalists , pundits , players and managers put forward their blueprint for a bright new future England blocked the most shots on goal and made the most tackles while at Euro 2012 Over the last decade both Spain and Germany have reinvented the way their national teams play
Newt Gingrich is a political opportunist . His job is to pack as much powerfully charged meaning into every sentence as he can , which makes him a working poet . So he knows full well that calling someone a "  food stamp president " brings up the working person 's fear , looming reality , and in some cases the actual experience , of unemployment -- while making a shout-out to racism and affixing a stigma to poverty . All the while hiding behind the symbol of a flag . It is the bane of America and Americans that too often , those who best grasp the language of hatred and fear are those who are most likely to lead . This is simply because tacticians like Gingrich are well-versed in the traditional battle-cry and have no fear of the outcome of political civil war . Why should they be afraid ? They will never be down in the streets suffering with the people . Gingrich says his words were misinterpreted , that anybody who criticizes his characterization of President Obama is attacking the very fiber of American democracy . He sounds like a lawyer explaining away a crime by influencing the point of view of the jury with doubletalk . "  It is not that my client is n't guilty but that you can not prove that he is . " Woe be it to America when our lawyers become our poets . It is the job of the lawyer , poet and politician to stir the emotions of their audience . But where literary poets speak of love and loss , the lawyer vindicates and the politician aims to take the reins of power . Characters are assassinated and whole groups of people are vilified in order that new blood ascend the throne . What is most revealing about Gingrich 's statement is the nature of the comment , rather than who said it or even what it means . We see , at the beginning of the race for president , that our contestants for the greatest power in the world are limited in their choice of tactics , that they must destroy their opponents and , later , those that stood against their campaign . How do I know this is true ? Because Mr. Gingrich is a political poet and good political poets always have their finger on the jugular vein of the nation . Mr. Gingrich has told me in three words that the battle line will be drawn by fear-stoked hatred . Hatred and fear have deep roots in the American heart . The original colonists came here to escape religious , cultural and political oppression . Sadly , these idealistic refugees brought those social banes along with them . There was once a time when only white male property owners participated in the democratic process of America . There was a time when we slaughtered the original inhabitants of these shores . But it was not the landed gentry that made up the rank and file . Our senators and congresspersons , our millionaires and gentlemen farmers did not have to bleed for the crimes we 've committed and the freedoms we 've attained . All our leaders had to do was to locate our fear and greed and hatred . These feelings were exhorted in speech and song and catchy phrases . Once this was accomplished we , the people , standing on sodden streets and dressed in rough cloth , marched off to die for another man 's dream . That was then and this is now . We -- Americans of every stripe , gender and race -- are brothers and sisters in that great and ever-changing experiment of democracy . We are not enemies . If someone has a better plan he or she should ascend to our presidency . If they have lied we should know it . If they are corrupt it must come out . But we can not allow our emotions to be ignited by hidden messages of fear and hatred . This election is about us working together to implement our brightest potentials , not our basest natures . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook .	Walter Mosley : Gingrich called Obama the "  food stamp president , " knowing its impact A political poet like Gingrich , he says , chooses each word for its punch and meaning Mosley : In 3 words , he 's sown fear in working people , evoked racism , stigmatized poverty Mosley says we ca n't allow our emotions to be ignited by hidden messages of hate
CNN  -- Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Hillary Clinton on Friday accused the camp of rival Sen. Barack Obama of politicizing the death of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . Sen. Hillary Clinton says she regrets that Sen. Barack Obama 's camp "  would be politicizing this tragedy . " Obama called that assertion "  silly " and said the Clinton campaign thought that the unrest in Pakistan would work to its benefit . "  What happened is that the Clinton campaign started pushing this notion that somehow , immediately after this happened , that somehow this was going to advantage their campaign . And one of my campaign aides responded , " Obama told CNN 's Jessica Yellin on Friday . The latest battle between the two Democratic front-runners began Thursday when Obama 's chief strategist , David Axelrod , seemed to link Clinton 's vote on the Iraq war and Bhutto 's death . "  Barack Obama had the judgment to oppose the war in Iraq . And he warned at the time that it would divert us from Afghanistan and al Qaeda , and now we see the effect of that , " Axelrod said . "  Sen. Clinton made a different judgment . " On Friday , Clinton replied in an interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer by saying , "  I just regret that -LSB- Obama and his chief strategist -RSB- would be politicizing this tragedy , and especially at a time when we do need to figure out a way forward . " "  I do n't think politics should be playing a role in how our country responds ... to the tragedy , " she said . Watch what Clinton says about Obama " Clinton also called for an independent , international investigation into Bhutto 's death , "  perhaps along the lines of what the United Nations have been doing with respect to the assassination of Prime Minister Hariri in Lebanon . " Obama said he does n't share that view . "  It is important to us to not give the idea that Pakistan is unable to handle its own affairs , " he said . Bhutto died Thursday after a political rally in Rawarlpindi , Pakistan . Obama 's campaign has impled that some of Clinton 's foreign policy decisions raise questions about whether she should be president . Axelrod was responding to reporters ' questions about the Pakistan situation and whether it enhanced assertions that Clinton 's foreign policy experience may make her more fit to serve as commander in chief . See what candidates say about Bhutto 's death " Axelrod later seemed to back away from his earlier remarks . "  I believe our policies in Iraq have had a direct impact on events in Pakistan and Afghanistan , but I would not suggest there is a straight line relationship between the events of today in Pakistan and anyone 's particular vote , " he said Thursday . "  What I was pointing out was the difference in judgment at the time . Obama thought that the war would have a negative impact in Afghanistan and Pakistan , and that seems relevant right now . " He also said he "  certainly was n't suggesting Sen. Clinton was complicit . She made a bad judgment on this war , and the war helped exacerbate problems in Afghanistan and Pakistan . And that 's certainly something I would stand by . " Obama defended his strategist late Thursday when asked about Axelrod 's comments . "  This is one of those situations where Washington is putting a spin on it , " Obama said . "  He in no way was suggesting Hillary Clinton was somehow directly to blame for this situation . " The senator from Illinois added , "  It 's important for us to not look at this in terms of short-term political points scoring . " Clinton said the world deserves answers about the attack on Bhutto . "  I do n't think the Pakistani government at this time under President Musharraf has any credibility at all . They have disbanded an independent judiciary . They have oppressed a free press , " she said . Obama on Friday said that as president , he would pressure Musharraf to crack down on terrorists by suspending U.S. aid to Pakistan and to make sure that Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal is not in the wrong hands . The exchange between the Obama and Clinton camps is less than a week before Iowa 's January 3 caucuses . Most polls put Clinton and Obama in a three-way tie with former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina . E-mail to a friend	Barack Obama adviser seems to link vote on Iraq war , Benazir Bhutto 's death Adviser David Axelrod later backs down from comments on Hillary Clinton Obama says Axelrod "  in no way " suggested Clinton was somehow to blame Clinton responds : Politics should not play a role in Pakistan tragedy
CNN  -- Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer on Friday signed into law a bill that requires that requires immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times and requires police to question people if there is reason to suspect that they 're in the United States illegally . During the signing ceremony , the governor spoke about concerns over the possibility of racial profiling , announcing that she was issuing an executive order for the development of training for law enforcement on how to implement the law fairly . In remarks earlier in the day , President Obama criticized the Arizona bill , but he also said that failure by the federal government to act on immigration reform would contribute to "  irresponsibility by others , " a pointed reference to the bill Brewer would sign into law . Here are excerpts from remarks Friday by Obama and Brewer . President Obama "  Government has a responsibility to enforce the law and secure our borders and set clear rules and priorities for future immigration . And under Secretary Napolitano 's leadership at the Department of Homeland Security , that 's exactly what we 're doing . We 've strengthened security at our borders , ports and airports and we will continue to do so , because America 's borders must be secure . "  Businesses have a responsibility to obey the law and not undermine American workers , especially when so many Americans are out of work . Many businesses work to comply with the law every day . But for those that do n't -- those that ignore the law and exploit and abuse vulnerable workers and try to gain an unfair advantage over all the businesses that do follow the law -- we will hold them accountable . "  And people who are in America illegally have a responsibility -- to pay their back taxes and admit responsibility for breaking the law , pay a penalty , learn English , pass criminal background checks , and get right with the law -- or face removal -- before they can get in line and eventually earn their citizenship . " ... "  Indeed , our failure to act responsibly at the federal level will only open the door to irresponsibility by others . And that includes , for example , the recent efforts in Arizona , which threatened to undermine basic notions of fairness that we cherish as Americans , as well as the trust between police and their communities that is so crucial to keeping us safe . "  In fact , I 've instructed members of my administration to closely monitor the situation and examine the civil rights and other implications of this legislation . But if we continue to fail to act at a federal level , we will continue to see misguided efforts opening up around the country . " Obama 's full remarks on White House website Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer "  The bill I 'm about to sign into law , Senate Bill 1070 , represents another tool for our state to use as we work to solve a crisis that we did not create and the federal government has refused to fix , the crisis caused by illegal immigration in Arizona 's porous border . "  This bill , the Support Law Enforcement and Safe Neighborhoods Act , strengthens the laws of our state . It protects all of us , every Arizona citizen , and everyone here in our state lawfully . And it does so while ensuring that the constitutional rights of all in Arizona remain solid , stable and steadfast . " ... "  This legislation mirrors federal laws regarding immigration enforcement . Despite erroneous and misleading statements suggesting otherwise , the new state misdemeanor crime of willful failure to complete or carry an alien registration document is adopted verbatim from the same offense found in federal statute . " ... "  Today I am issuing an executive order directing the Airzona Peace Officers Standards and Training Board , AZ POST , to develop training to appropriately implement Senate Bill 1070 . Importantly , this training will include what does and does not constitute reasonable suspicion that a person is not legally present in the United States . " ... "  We must acknowledge the truth . People across America are watching Arizona , seeing how we implement this law , ready to jump on even the slightest misstep . Some of those people from outside our state have an interest in seeing us fail . They will wait for a single slip-up , one mistake , and then they will work day and night to create headlines and get the face time they so desperately covet . " ... "  We must react calmly . We must enforce the law evenly , and without regard to skin color , accent or social status . We must prove the alarmists and the cynics wrong . " Brewer 's full prepared remarks  PDF	Obama : Federal "  failure to act responsibly ... will only open the door to irresponsibility by others " Brewer : It is "  a crisis that we did not create and the federal government has refused to fix " Obama : Administration will "  examine the civil rights and other implications " of the law Brewer : "  This legislation mirrors federal laws regarding immigration enforcement "
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama arrived in South Korea on Wednesday , where the leaders of top global economies will convene at the G-20 summit to try to stabilize the world 's financial markets . Obama left Indonesia hours early , because volcanic ash from Mount Merapi could have grounded Air Force One , administration officials said . The president 's visit to Seoul will include a meeting with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak and a meeting with Chinese President Hu Jintao . Obama is also scheduled to deliver a speech to U.S. troops in South Korea on Thursday , the Veterans Day holiday in the United States . Tensions about currency and trade are likely to run high at the G-20 meeting , which will be held Thursday and Friday in Seoul , the South Korean capital . Officials in China and the United States have accused the other of manipulating its currency at the expense of other economies . And the G-20 has acknowledged that the global economic recovery is advancing in "  a fragile and uneven way . " Widespread protests are expected at the summit , for which South Korea has mobilized its largest security force ever , according to the Yonhap news agency . A total of 50,000 police and riot police are being deployed , authorities told Yonhap . A number of South Korean union and civic groups are gearing up for large protests against the G-20 , while other groups are planning unrelated rallies in hopes of drawing international media attention . Protests by Muslims in Indonesia also preceded Obama 's visit there . But the president focused on the two countries ' shared principles of unity and tolerance when he delivered a highly anticipated speech at the University of Indonesia right before he left for South Korea . In his speech , Obama reflected on the four years he spent in Indonesia as a child , referring to how he and his family were warmly accepted . He drew cheers when he sprinkled sayings from the local Malay language , such as "  Selamat Datang " -- a greeting of welcome -- and the national motto "  Bhinneka Tunggal Ika , " which means "  unity in diversity . " Noting that Malay is one of hundreds of languages of the archipelago nation , Obama lauded Indonesia for its spirit of inclusiveness despite its diverse population and history of dictatorship . "  But even as this land of my youth has changed in so many ways , those things that I learned to love about Indonesia -- that spirit of tolerance that is written into your constitution , symbolized in your mosques and churches and temples standing alongside each other ; that spirit that is embodied in your people -- that still lives on , " he said . Obama said he returned as president of the United States seeking "  a deep and enduring partnership " with Indonesia . "  America has a stake in an Indonesia that is growing , with prosperity that is broadly shared among the Indonesian people , because a rising middle class here means new markets for our goods , just as America is a market for yours , " he said . Grappling with a troubled U.S. economy , the Obama administration has highlighted the strengthening of economic and military ties during the president 's 10-day Asia tour . Obama started his trip with a three-day stay in India , before heading to Indonesia . In Mumbai on Saturday , the president unveiled about $ 10 billion in contracts for U.S. exports to India . It is Asia 's third-largest economy and one of the world 's few growth markets . Speaking in New Delhi on Monday , Obama said , "  We make some of the best products in the world and we want to sell them to a growing Indian market . " At the Seoul summit , G-20 leaders are expected to focus on the global economic recovery and mechanisms to ensure balance and sustainable growth . "  We see the G-20 as fundamental not just to our international economic agenda , but to our ability to have a lasting recovery at home , because fostering balance , global growth is essential to fostering growth here in the American economy , " Ben Rhodes , deputy national security adviser for strategic communications said ahead of Obama 's Asia trip . Collectively , the Group of 20 accounts for about 85 percent of global economic output . The 1997 Asian financial crisis prompted the creation of the group . The G-20 includes industrialized nations and developing economies , which focus on economic issues and economic policy coordination . "  If you look at the trend lines in the 21st century , the rise of Asia , the rise of individual countries within Asia , is one of the defining stories of our time , " Rhodes said . "  We see core U.S. national interests that will be advanced by us playing a key role in helping to shape the future of the region and making clear that we 're an Asian and a Pacific power , " Rhodes added . After South Korea , Obama will head to Japan for the APEC summit , which will be held in Yokohama on Saturday and Sunday . Twenty-one countries form the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation , which focuses on economic coordination in the Asia Pacific region . "  Further economic integration -LSB- and -RSB- trade liberalization in Asia Pacific is vital to our own interests and our ability to export more and grow our economy here at home , " National Security Advisor Mike Froman said ahead of Obama 's Asia trip . The president is scheduled to return to the United States on Sunday .	He 'll attend the G-20 summit , which is aimed at stabilizing the world 's financial markets The G-20 has acknowledged that the global economic recovery is uneven and fragile Obama 's visit to Seoul will include a meeting with the presidents of South Korea and China He left Indonesia early , because volcanic ash could have grounded Air Force One
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A member of the royal family of Abu Dhabi who was captured on videotape torturing an Afghan grain dealer has reportedly been detained , a senior U.S. State Department official told CNN Saturday . Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan , pictured here , allegedly tortured a business associate on videotape . The official said the government of the United Arab Emirates , which includes Abu Dhabi as one of its seven emirates , told the State Department that Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan is under house arrest pending an investigation , but that the United States has not independently confirmed the development . The videotape emerged last month in a federal civil lawsuit filed in Houston , Texas , by Bassam Nabulsi , a U.S. citizen , against the sheikh . Former business partners , the men had a falling out , in part over the tape . In a statement to CNN , the sheikh 's U.S. attorney said Nabulsi is using the videotape to influence the court over a business dispute . The tape of the heinous torture session is delaying the ratification of a civil nuclear deal between the United Arab Emirates and the United States , senior U.S. officials familiar with the case have said . The senior U.S. officials said the administration has held off on the ratification process because it believes sensitivities over the story can hurt its passage . On Saturday , Human Rights Watch called the sheikh 's reported detention "  a significant development " but said the UAE government needs to do more to restore confidence in its judicial system . "  The videotape of this episode shocked the world , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  The report of the arrest was reassuring , but now the government needs to make the details public . Secretive prosecutions will not deter further abuses and torture . " On the tape , Sheikh Issa appears to burn with rage . Apparently believing he was cheated in a business deal , the sheikh was trying to extract a confession from the Afghan grain dealer . With a private security officer assisting , Sheikh Issa is seen stuffing sand in the Afghan 's mouth . As the grain dealer pleads and whimpers , he is beaten with a nailed board , burned in the genitals with a cigarette lighter , shocked with a cattle prod and led to believe he would be shot . Salt is literally poured on his wounds . The 45 minutes of torture appears on a nearly three-hour-long videotape shot in late 2004 in the desert outside Abu Dhabi . It was made at the direction of the sheikh himself . The tape has been viewed by CNN . Watch portions of the tape and Nabulsi tell his story " After international concerns over the tape mounted in late April , Abu Dhabi 's government issued a statement saying it deplored the contents of the video and planned an immediate and comprehensive review of it . The sheikh , who holds no official government position , is the half-brother of the UAE 's ruler , President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan . Human Rights Watch sent a April 28 letter to the president imploring him to form "  an independent body " to probe both the torture and and the "  failure " of the UAE 's Interior Ministry "  to bring those involved to justice . " The group reiterated that call Saturday . As for the grain dealer , UAE officials say he survived the ordeal , and said the sheikh and the grain dealer settled the matter privately by agreeing not to bring formal charges against each other . However , Nabulsi 's attorney , Anthony Buzbee , said the grain dealer ca n't be located and it is not known whether he is alive .	State Department official says member of Abu Dhabi royal family reportedly detained Investigation continuing after videotape shows sheikh torturing grain merchant Videotape emerged last month in federal civil lawsuit filed in the United States U.S. senior officials say case is holding up a U.S. nuclear deal with the UAE
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Previously unseen footage of Diana , Princess of Wales , taken just hours before she was killed in a car crash , has been shown to the jury at the inquest into her death . The footage showed Diana and Dodi step into an elevator at the Ritz Hotel . Images taken from a security camera at the Ritz Hotel in Paris show the 36-year-old smiling as she and her lover Dodi Fayed step into an elevator and later walk out of the hotel . Further footage shows Fayed visiting a jeweler 's shop , images that could lend support to claims that he was buying an engagement ring . Earlier , a British coroner at the inquest said tt may never be known for certain whether Princess Diana was pregnant when she died in the Paris car crash . Lord Justice Scott Baker told the jury at the inquest into the deaths of the princess and her lover Dodi Fayed that scientific evidence might be unable to demonstrate "  one way or the other " whether she was in the early stages of pregnancy . But he said they would hear "  intimate " details of her personal life . Watch footage of Diana 's last hours " Baker told the 11 members of the jury -- six women and five men -- Diana may have been on the contraceptive pill and that evidence she was poised to get engaged to Dodi on the night she died was contradictory . On Tuesday the judge , who is acting as coroner in the case , told the jury that a famous image taken in summer 1997 showing Diana wearing a swimsuit could not be proof she was pregnant with Dodi 's child as she had not started a relationship with him at that stage . The jury is set to hear "  scene setting " evidence , including CCTV and a tourist video . The inquest to establish cause of death is expected to be a six-month process . Fayed 's father , Mohammed Al Fayed , has contended from the start that Diana and his son were murdered because the royal family "  could not accept that an Egyptian Muslim could eventually be step-father to the future king of England , " referring to Diana 's son Prince William . "  I 'm hoping for justice , " Al Fayed said outside court . "  At last , we 're going to have a jury from ordinary people and I hope to reach the decision which I believe that my son and Princess Diana have been murdered by the royal family . " Baker told the jury of Al Fayed 's allegations , but again reminded them that they were responsible for deciding the facts of the case , but not to assign blame or guilt . "  You have to decide four important , but limited factual questions : who the deceased were , when they came by their deaths , where they came by their deaths and how they came by their deaths , " Baker said , according to inquest transcripts . "  The first three questions are unlikely to give rise to any difficulty . The fourth is a rather wider question and is directed towards the means by which they died . " Diana , 36 , and 42-year-old Dodi Fayed were killed on August 31 , 1997 when the Mercedes-Benz they were traveling in hit a pillar in the Pont de l'Alma tunnel in Paris . They were being pursued at the time by the paparazzi after leaving the Ritz Hotel . Driver Henri Paul , who was also killed , was drunk and driving at high speed . Bodyguard Trevor Rees-Jones was the sole survivor . Next week , the jury is scheduled to travel to Paris to see the crash site , along the River Seine . They are also expected to hear testimony from the paparazzi who were present after the accident . In its evidence section , the Web site for the inquest has posted previously unpublished pictures taken by paparazzi of the limo before and immediately after the accident . One is a closeup -- looking into the front of the vehicle -- that shows Diana , Fayed , Paul and Rees-Jones minutes before the crash . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Jury shown new footage of Diana taken hours before her death Diana and Dodi Fayed inquest jury to hear "  scene setting " evidence On Tuesday coroner outlined controversial claims , published new images Court will make final decision on what happened in car crash 10 years ago
CNN  -- Thousands of firefighters battling to control dangerous wildfires in Arizona will get a small measure of relief this week as winds calm and humidity levels rise , the National Weather Service said Monday . Critical conditions are forecast Monday across large sections of New Mexico and Texas , and to a lesser extent in Oklahoma and Kansas . On Sunday , critical to extreme conditions could be found in those four states , plus Arizona , Colorado , Utah and Nevada . Arizona bore the brunt of Sunday 's fiery conflagration as flames outpaced firefighters ' efforts . The Monument Fire -- which U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell has deemed the nation 's No. 1 priority , putting it first in line for any air , ground or other resources -- jumped Highway 92 late Sunday afternoon at Carr Canyon heading east , according to the Cochise County website . "  We 've had a hard day today , with things that we did n't want to happen , " fire spokesman Bill Paxton said Sunday night . "  The bull came out of the pen . " Thanks to dry , windy conditions , the fire broke through four contingency lines , including going over to the other side of the highway , said Paxton , part of the national Interagency Incident Management Team . "  Everything aligned for a massive push , " he said . "  It 's really hard on the community here . " The Cochise County Sheriff 's Office broadened the evacuation zone east to the San Pedro River , reports InciWeb , an online interagency database that tracks fires , floods and other disasters . On Sunday evening , the website noted the fire had burned at least 26,956 acres and was 27 % contained . More than 1,000 personnel -- as well as 100 engines and nine helicopters -- were battling that blaze , which had destroyed 44 homes and 18 other structures from its start June 12 through Sunday . The weather has hardly been cooperating in the fight , with humidity at 7 % and temperatures topping 96 degrees . The National Weather Service forecast winds should weaken somewhat in the early part of this week , to between 7 mph and 13 mph in Sierra Vista , Arizona , though temperatures were still expected to remain in the 90s or higher all week . People living in Sierra Vista were ordered to leave Sunday while firefighters conducted burn-out operations in an attempt to stop the fire moving that way , CNN 's Thelma Gutierrez reported from the area . Even as the flames spread , some Sierra Vista residents turned to their faith . "  There are disasters , calamities and tragedies , " Tucson Bishop Gerald Kicanas said during a special weekend service at St. Andrew the Apostle Church , reported CNN affiliate KGUN-TV in Tucson . "  We are with them in solidarity , " Kicanas said . "  We pray for an end to the fire , we pray for the safety of our firefighters and we pray that the monsoon rains will come and free us from these terrible fires that have been so devastating . " The church is taking donations for fire victims . Will Posko said he is housing several people in his home . "  Our hearts go out to those people , " Posko told KGUN . "  We all have to help one another in this community . " Parishioner Tom Felix said the community 's spirit and support overwhelmed him . "  Coming here ... and just seeing everybody , my goodness that 's beautiful faith , " he told KGUN . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer has issued emergency declarations for the Monument Fire and another blaze , Horseshoe II , making Cochise County eligible for $ 100,000 toward response and recovery expenses . In Texas , critical fire weather conditions were predicted across much of the state Monday , the Texas Forest Service said . The forest service is battling 20 wildfires , with 12 new large blazes reported Sunday . Some 500 homes are threatened in Jasper County , the service said , and 163 have been evacuated in Walker County . Nationwide , wildfires have burned almost as many acres in the first half of 2011 as were recorded by the National Interagency Fire Center for all of last year . The agency website reports 3.1 million acres in the United States had been ignited by wildfires as of May 31 , compared with 3.2 million burned acres cited in the organization 's year-end report in November 2010 . One Arizona blaze that started May 29 has mushroomed into a historically large wildfire . Known as the Wallow Fire , it has burned 519,319 acres and was 51 % contained as of Sunday evening . This fire caused power outages Sunday in Arizona cities Blue and parts of Alpine , Nutrioso and Greer , the Navopache Electric Cooperative reported on its website . Generators are powering some of the company 's New Mexico customers as well as those in Alpine , Arizona . Residents of Luna , New Mexico , were ordered to evacuate Saturday afternoon after the blaze jumped containment lines along U.S. 180 , according to InciWeb . But fire public information officer Rich Szlauko had some good news , saying that in terms of bringing the Wallow Fire under control , "  Everything is starting to look pretty good . " Some 3,600 people continue to battle the blaze , in the face of winds Sunday measuring 20 mph to 30 mph , he said . But even with marginally improved conditions , authorities across the Southwest and southern Plains enforced expanded evacuations as flames cut off power to communities . CNN 's Ed Payne and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Critical weather conditions expected in Texas , where fires threaten hundreds of homes Firefighters in Arizona have been stymied by strong winds , high temperatures , low humidity Winds will lessen , humidity will increase as the week goes on A fire spokesman said Sunday was a "  hard day " in southern Arizona
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez pledged closer cooperation on Monday , vowing to fight poverty and imperialism . The two leaders signed a series of accords in the areas of industry , science , technology and politics , the state-run AVN news agency reported . Sitting side by side in front of a room full of reporters , they presented a united front in their opposition to the United States . "  It 's clear they are afraid of our development , " said Ahmadinejad . Earlier , at a welcoming ceremony outside the Venezuelan presidential palace , the Iranian president called Chavez his "  dear brother , " and said his nation has peaceful intentions . "  Our weapon is logic . Our weapon is culture . Our weapons are human values , " he said . Chavez pledged to work with his Iranian counterpart to stop the "  imperial insanity " of the United States , which he described as a "  threat for the world . " The Venezuelan president mocked concerns from Washington about his country 's relationship with Iran , joking that U.S. media reports made it sound as though he and Ahmadinejad would be launching missiles and bombs at the U.S. capital . "  We are not warmongers , " Chavez said , as the Iranian president nodded in agreement . "  Iran has not invaded anybody . " It 's no coincidence that Venezuela is Ahmadinejad 's first stop on a four-nation Latin America tour this week . Despite their cultural differences , Venezuela and Iran have found significant common ground : Both are among the world 's top crude oil exporters , and their leaders are strong allies united by a fierce opposition to what they describe as U.S. imperialism . The Iranian leader arrived in Caracas on Sunday and is traveling with his ministers for foreign affairs , energy and economy , according to IRNA , Iran 's official news agency . Over the years , the two nations have signed more than 270 accords , including trade deals and agreements on construction projects , car and tractor factories , energy initiatives and banking programs . Chavez has also helped the Islamic republic forge relationships with other members of the Bolivarian Alliance of the Americas , an eight-nation regional bloc Chavez founded . Even before he arrived , Ahmadinejad 's plans for a Latin American tour grabbed global attention , as tensions grow between many Western powers and Iran over Tehran 's nuclear program . Officials in the United States and other Western nations have ratcheted up sanctions against Iran several times since a November report by the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency said the Iranian government was developing the technology needed to build a nuclear weapon . Last month , U.S. President Barack Obama announced sanctions against Iran 's central bank . On Monday the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog agency confirmed that uranium enrichment has begun at a nuclear facility in northern Iran . Iran says there 's a medical purpose behind the nuclear program . But in Washington , U.S. State Department spokesman Victoria Nuland said the confirmation that Iran was enriching uranium to "  a level that 's inappropriate " is "  obviously a problem . " Not everyone in Venezuela is happy with Ahmadinejad 's visit . Diego Arria , an opposition politician , described the trip as a "  provocation " to the United States and an embarrassment for Venezuela . "  It comes at the worst moment -- at a time when Ahmadinejad is being looked at by the international community with great fear . ... It 's bringing the threat to the United States closer to home , " he said . The Iranian president is scheduled to visit Nicaragua , Cuba and Ecuador later this week as part of his five-day tour . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet in Atlanta and CNN 's Luis Carlos Velez in Caracas contributed to this report .	Ahmadinejad says his weapons are logic , culture and human values He refers to Venezuela 's president as his "  dear brother " Chavez : Venezuela , Iran must stop the "  imperial insanity " of the United States The Iranian president is on a four-nation Latin American tour
CNN  -- If the furnace in your basement stopped working , and you hired a company to repair it , what would you do if several of the workers came upstairs , told you they could n't figure out how to get the furnace started , and then began pointing fingers at each other and saying : "  It 's his fault . " "  No , it 's his fault . " "  If he 'd listen to me , we could get this job done . " "  He tries to stop me every time I 'm on the verge of fixing your furnace . " You 'd probably stand there slack-jawed , hardly believing what you were witnessing . Then you 'd say : "  I do n't want to hear you guys blaming each other . I 'm paying you to do a job . Just go back down there and do it , or if you ca n't , get out of my house . " Or if you had a leak in your plumbing , and the plumbers emerged from under your sink to tell you : "  I 'm sorry -- I ca n't work with this man . He undoes everything I 'm trying to do to get your pipes back in shape . " "  So typical of him to put the blame on me . He 's got it exactly backward . I know how to stop the leak -- he has no idea . And he never has . " You 'd tell them that this is not what you hired them to do . Why are they wasting your time and money telling you that it 's the other guy 's fault that the water is still dripping onto your floor ? You 'd ask them to keep their personal animosities to themselves and figure out a way to complete the job they 'd agreed to do , or else you 're not going to give them a cent . You 'd be well within your rights . When work needs to be done , you hire people who promise that they know how to do it , and you expect to get what you paid for . You are the employer ; you are the boss . But in one area , this does n't seem to be the case . In politics and government , almost all Americans agree on the tasks that urgently need to be completed . A few of them : â $ cents Creating jobs so that finding meaningful employment can stop feeling like pursuing an all-but-unattainable luxury . â $ cents A fair solution to health care , that compassionate people along every station of the right/left continuum can live with and be proud of . â $ cents Fixing the fallout from the big-bank machinations and the mortgage crisis that have cost so many people their homes . Addressing these problems is a task beyond any of us as individuals . So , in the same way we hire workers to repair the furnace or plug the leak under the sink , we hire workers to fix the big national problems . They have lofty titles and work in buildings made of white marble . We hire our presidents , our members of Congress , and , indirectly , our justices of the United States Supreme Court . And maybe it is time to remind ourselves -- and to remind them -- that they are , in fact , hired hands . They are being paid to do a job . They are not being paid to tell their employers -- the citizens -- why they ca n't get the job done , or why they ca n't get along with the other hired hands who are supposed to be working beside them . Only in politics and government , when the hired hands come up short , are they allowed to get away with flicking spitballs at each other as the country waits for results -- spitballs in the form of purportedly clever attack lines packaged and issued by advisers , meant to wound the other side , yet doing nothing to further the completion of the jobs at hand . Whether , individually , we are conservatives or liberals or somewhere in the middle , we have a right to expect the people who have been hired to solve the country 's problems to do just that , and to spare us the name-calling and blame-shifting . We would n't accept that from electricians or auto mechanics ; there is no reason to accept it from men and women with federal titles . There is a self-congratulatory phrase that political pros like to throw around : "  Politics ai n't beanbag . " But these days , that 's what it increasingly can feel like : a childish game played by people so enamored of the game itself that the playing of it pushes aside the real-world consequences . Those real-world consequences matter -- they matter desperately . And the people who should be the demanding employers -- the citizens -- are tossed about in the heavy waves of the political storm , as if they are mere bystanders who have no standing in all of this . There is another phrase , used as the title of a song by the young Bob Dylan in the years before his name became known all over the world . In a different context from the issues we face now , Dylan called his song "  Only a Pawn in Their Game . " It would be hard to blame Americans today if they sometimes identify with that phrase . But they should n't have to settle for feeling like pawns . And this is not a game . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : If you hired people to fix your furnace and they could n't agree , you 'd fire them He says similarly , government officials , whose salaries we pay , must show results He says only in politics can people get paid for fighting among themselves Greene : Citizens can be forgiven for feeling they are a pawn in politicians ' game
The grizzly bears that claim this park as their home demand respect . They 're emblems of a tough and inspiring untamed wilderness . So is the Teton Range , which rises 7,000 feet above the valley at Jackson Hole , amazing and humbling the day trippers and overnight campers who come to visit Wyoming 's expansive Grand Teton National Park . While Grand Teton is the highest peak at 13,770 feet , there are eight peaks more than 12,000 feet in elevation . The forested mountainsides provide some relief to summer hikers . The current-day park has existed since 1950 , when Grand Teton National Park  created in 1929  and Jackson Hole National Monument  created in 1943  were combined under the Grand Teton name . In 1972 , the John D. Rockefeller Jr. . Memorial Parkway was established and is now managed by the park staff . Park stats : Grand Teton National Park is the eighth most visited National Park in the country with 2.7 million visitors last year .  Great Smoky Mountains National Park came in first place with 9.7 million visitors .  The park 's boundaries encompass 310,000 acres or 485 square miles . Summer in the Park : Great Smoky Mountains National Park The location : Grand Teton is located north of the town of Jackson and south of Yellowstone National Park in northwestern Wyoming . If you go : A seven-day permit  $ 25 per vehicle or $ 12 per hiker/bicyclist  allows access to both Grand Teton and Yellowstone national parks . The five developed campgrounds within the park charge $ 20.50 per night for a site , with limits ranging from seven to 14 days . Meet our ranger : In 1993 Brian Bergsma worked a summer job at Isle Royale National Park in Michigan to pay for college . He got hooked on the national parks . The next summer , he decided he wanted bigger mountains , so he went to work at Grand Teton . Although he was first hired permanently at Great Smoky Mountains National Park , he finally made it back to Grand Teton in 2000 . He worked for eight years as a "  Trail Dawg " crew member  and later , 10 years as a trail crew supervisor  , building and clearing hiking trails and building log and steel bridges and stone retaining walls by hand . The crews would sometimes hike 30 miles a day , carrying and using cross cuts , chainsaws and other equipment . He 's served as the park 's safety and occupational health manager for the past two years . Camping : Horror or bliss ? For a day trip , do n't miss : Cascade Canyon . "  There are often several large bull moose in the canyon , and during spring and after storms many waterfalls cascade down the canyon sides , " Bergsma says . "  The views of the peaks are constantly changing also , and it is right by Jenny Lake , the most popular place in the park and readily accessible . " If you have a little more time and want a challenging hike , Bergsma recommends an overnight hike of Cascade and Paintbrush canyons . It 's a nearly 20-mile loop that includes a 4,000-foot gain in elevation .  You 'll need a backcountry permit , which are available first-come , first-served for the rest of this season . In addition to the wonders of the day hike , you 'll see "  some amazing sunsets and incredibly clear and vivid star-gazing , " he says . "  It 's not for the faint of heart , but it blows me away , and I 've hiked all over the world . " Favorite less-traveled spot : Grandview Point trail and summit . "  It is less busy than many other areas of the park , has great views of the Tetons and the forest to the east and is a relatively short hike , " he says . "  It is densely forested , too , so it 's good for shade on a hot summer day . " It 's just 0.7 miles from the trailhead to the summit and a 4-mile loop , but Bergsma warns that the steep 15 % grade can be tough on the knees . Favorite spot to view wildlife : Bergsma recommends Moose-Wilson Road because of the plentiful moose and beavers and , increasingly , grizzly bears .  It 's occasionally closed because of the grizzlies .  He also likes the Jackson Lake Junction to Oxbow bend section of the outer highway for grizzly bears , pelicans , elk and beaver . Most magical moment in the park : His first day of work at Grand Teton , as a summer employee . "  Driving to Grand Teton at 2 a.m. for my first day of work in May of 1994 , I was blown away at the night sky and all the stars . On the first day of work , I built horse pasture fences all day surrounded by bison and had no sunscreen . I was totally fried by the end of the day . Blisters , sunburn and bison : It was the best first day ever . " Favorite other park to visit : Capitol Reef National Park in Utah . "  It 's great for hiking and canyoneering , for off-trail exploration and for the incredibly beautiful rocks , " Bergsma says . "  The waterfalls after a storm are amazing . It 's just like Zion National Park  another favorite  but a little more remote so there are n't as many people . " What 's your favorite national park and why ? Please tell us in the comments section below .	The Grand Teton park 's highest peak is 13,770 feet Visitors to the park may spot grizzly and black bears , moose and elk Visitors should n't miss Cascade Canyon , and those with more time can try longer hikes
Washington  CNN  -- A second grand jury 's decision not to indict a white police officer in the death of an unarmed black man once again had ripple effects that quickly spread from the streets on New York City to reach the halls of Capitol Hill . The decision not to indict a New York City police officer in the chokehold death of Eric Garner , a black man who was suspected of illegally selling cigarettes , came just nine days after another grand jury decided not to indict a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri in the death of black teenager Michael Brown . The news led to another night of protests in major cities nationwide , including Washington , D.C. President Barack Obama vowed not to "  let up " in his efforts to ease racial tensions , and some Democrats tried to channel demonstrators ' outrage in their reactions overnight and into Thursday morning . And it was a rare development that brought members of both parties together in calling for further investigation . Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers , chairwoman of the House Republican Conference , said Thursday morning that the House should "  absolutely " hold hearings to investigate Garner 's death . "  We all have a lot of serious questions that need to be addressed and we need to understand what happened , why this decision was made , " McMorris Rodgers said on MSNBC 's "  Morning Joe . " "  I would call for the House to have those hearings so that we can better understand . But we need to take action , appropriate action , making sure our local law enforcement have the training , that they 're using appropriate force , whichâ $ " I think we all recognize these are tragedies and it has raised a lot of questions . " Referring to Rodgers ' call for hearings , House Speaker John Boehner said he would not "  rule that in or out , " but said there are "  a lot of unanswered questions that Americans have , and frankly I have . " "  I do think that the American people deserve more answers about what really happened here and was our system of justice handled properly , " Boehner said Thursday during a press conference . Black leaders in Congress quickly slammed the decision not to indict New York City police officer Daniel Pantaleo in Garner 's death and called on the Department of Justice to investigate Garner 's death . Rep. Marcia Fudge , chairwoman of the Congressional Black Caucus , said Wednesday she was "  deeply disappointed " in the decision not to indict Pantaleo in Garner 's death and called the grand jury 's decision "  yet another sad day for our country and our democracy . " "  In the span of two weeks , this nation seems to have heard one message loud and clear : there will be no accountability for taking Black lives . As an American , it is growing increasingly difficult to believe that there is justice for all , " she said in a statement . "  Black lives do matter and our lives do hold value . " Rep. Hakeem Jeffries , the black caucus ' incoming whip who represents parts of New York City , called the grand jury 's decision a "  stunning miscarriage of justice " in a statement Wednesday and said the decision "  makes clear that equal protection under the law does not exist for all Americans . " And Jeffries said Thursday that the incidents should serve as a catalyst for a wide shakeup in how cases involving police misconduct and potential crimes should be prosecuted . "  We need to look at broader reform and whether these type of cases should be handled by independent , special prosecutors so that we can have some measure of fairness and a real full and fair investigation , " Jeffries said on CNN 's New Day . Jeffries called the altercation between Garner and the police officer , which was caught on video , a "  living breathing example of probable cause to indict . " Nearly a dozen times , Garner tries telling the officer that he ca n't breathe and Jeffries noted that Garner "  even put his hands up in the air , " but Pantaleo "  continued to choke him . " Protests featuring slogans like "  Hands up , do n't shoot , " "  Black lives matter " and now "  I ca n't breathe " broke out again Wednesday in reaction to the Staten Island grand jury 's decision as demonstrators called for justice for Garner and Brown , the black teenager who was shot by police officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson this summer . Amid outcry from Democrats on Capitol Hill and mostly silence from Congressional Republicans , two New York GOP Congressman defended the grand jury 's decision Wednesday not to indict NYPD officer Pantaleo . Rep. Peter King thanked the grand jury on Twitter "  for doing justice " and said later on CNN that he felt "  strongly " the police officer should not have been indicted . RELATED : Rep. Peter King thanks Staten Island grand jury for ` doing justice ' Rep. Michael Grimm , who represents Staten Island in Congress , called the grand jury decision "  fair and reasoned " in a statement Wednesday and thanked the District Attorney in the incident for handling the grand jury case "  with the utmost integrity . " Staten Island is New York 's whitest burrough and a majority of the grand jurors in the case were white . Grimm did not fare so well at the hands of another grand jury last spring , when he was indicted on tax and other fraud charges . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder heeded calls from Congressional leaders to launch a federal investigation and later Wednesday formally announced that the Justice Department is leading a civil rights investigation into Garner 's death . President Obama had also weighed in Wednesday saying he had spoken with Holder and said "  we are not going to let up until we see a strengthening of the trust and a strengthening of accountability that exists between our communities and law enforcement . " Holder 's announcement came after Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York joined members of the Congressional Black Caucus in calling on the Justice Department to investigate the Staten Island death . Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand called the decision "  shocking " and called Garner 's death a "  tragedy that demands accountability . " "  Nobody unarmed should die on a New York City street corner for suspected low-level offenses , " she said in a statement . U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch , Obama 's nominee to succeed Holder as U.S. Attorney General , will lead the investigation into Garner 's death . Sen. Chuck Schumer , also of New York , said he was confident Lynch will "  conduct a tough but fair investigation into the tragic death of Eric Garner . " Sen. Rand Paul , a Kentucky Republican and would-be 2016 presidential contender who has specialized in reaching out to minority voters , blamed high taxes on cigarettes in the Empire State as partially to blame for putting police officers in "  a dangerous situation with bad laws . " .	NEW Speaker Boehner said American people deserve more answers in Garner 's death Rep. Hakeem Jeffries called for "  broader reforms " to appoint special prosecutors Attorney General Eric Holder announced Wednesday the DOJ is investigating Meanwhile , New York Republicans lauded the grand jury for making a fair decision
Washington  CNN  -- Senior Navy enlistees seeking credentials to train others on using nuclear reactors that power carriers and subs are under investigation for cheating on an exam that may have involved classified information , top military officials said Tuesday . The troubling disclosure comes just weeks after the Air Force alleged widespread cheating on a proficiency test by officers with oversight responsibilities for nuclear missiles . Both involved written exams . "  To say that I 'm disappointed would be an understatement , " Adm. Jonathan Greenert , the chief of naval operations , said at a news conference . Staff at the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program in Charleston , South Carolina , allegedly shared information about the test on reactor operations among themselves , officials said of their findings so far . There is no indication students were involved . The allegations came to light after a sailor in the unit came forward to share his concerns about potential dishonesty on exams . Navy responds to allegations About 30 naval engineering watch supervisors have been decertified , meaning they can not carry out certain duties , according to a Navy official . Those cited had previously been certified on nuclear systems , gone to sea , returned to shore duty and had to be certified as instructors to stand watch at training reactors . Navy officials said staff must qualify to operate and instruct students on a training reactor . The last incident of this kind occurred in 2010 aboard a sub , Navy officials said . Adm. John Richardson , director of the propulsion program , said the investigation is ongoing but did not disclose what information may have been exchanged . "  But it 's fair to say that these exams and the operation of the plants do involve classified information and that will be an active part of the investigation to fully understand that , " he said . Navy officials stressed that the nuclear propulsion systems are not related to nuclear weapons . The Air Force scandal has swept up 92 officers at Malmstrom Air Force Base . That case involves a proficiency test . Some of those involved are accused of cheating on the test via text messaging last summer while others are accused of not speaking up about it . Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James described hearing about a culture for perfection within that unit that created a climate of undue stress and fear . But Richardson saw no parallels with the Air Force on that issue . Air Force cheating scandal "  With respect to the morale and the necessity to pass these exams in order to advance , that 's not really a dimension of our program , " he said . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Navy cheating follows scandal at Air Force nuclear base over proficiency exam The Navy case involves enlistees testing to use nuclear reactors that power ships and subs About 30 people have lost their authority to perform certain duties
CNN  -- It was a quiet Sunday morning in Johannesburg and I was photographing people who were registering to vote . It was my third day in South Africa and I was wondering if I 'd made a mistake , hopping on a plane and flying for over 20 hours to document a struggle that I had made my struggle since I was 10 years old , growing up in Detroit . Then the serenity of the scene was pierced by a thunderous noise and a succession of pops that I thought were gunshots . I ran for cover behind an open van door . I looked up and realized that a bomb had exploded . I paused in fear , then touched the small cross that my grandmother had placed on me before I left the States , clutched my camera tightly and ran towards the bomb -- as if I 'd been doing that all my life . On that Sunday morning , the struggles for freedom in South Africa became all too real to me . As an only child raised by a single mother in the inner city of Detroit , I was fascinated with South Africa , her racial divide and her struggles . I was in middle school when I first really understood what apartheid in South Africa meant . Black children , just like me , being beaten and segregated by the ruling government . The cruelty . The injustice . It just was n't fair . So , I could n't imagine that years later I 'd be standing next to and ultimately spend significant time with the hero of that struggle , Nelson Mandela . As a photojournalist , I 've had the privilege of covering Mandela nearly a half dozen times over the past two-and-a-half decades . I was there when he was elected in 1994 . And when he was inaugurated a few days later . I watched as he raised his hand and took the oath , rising from prisoner to president . I was with him for his retirement in 1999 and his 90th birthday celebration at his tribal home in Qunu in 2008 . Related : 91 world leaders head to South Africa to honor titan There will never be another like Nelson Mandela . I 'm so grateful to have met and briefly gotten to know him through my lens . I first covered Mandela in 1990 right after his release from prison , when he visited Detroit where he was honored and received his UAW union card at the Ford factory . He was honored for his work with and support for organized labor . On his visit I was at once touched by how amazingly pleasant he was after having been imprisoned for 27 years . There was n't even a hint of the bitterness or anger . His calmness puzzled me . I understood clearly that he had struggled through great oppression , but how could he have emerged so at peace ? How could anyone endure such pain and forgive his enemies ? It was 1997 , three years after I witnessed Mandela become President of South Africa . I had decided to attend Bill Clinton 's presidential inauguration , but was n't sure what angle I was going to take . While journalists and everyone else were obviously there for Clinton , I found out "  Madiba " -- a term of endearment for Mandela -- was going to be there . I said to myself , "  That 's who I 'm interested in . " As I wrestled through the logistics and security , I was told by someone at the door , "  Not only will you not get a photograph of him , you wo n't be able to get in a room with him . " In a moment of self-doubt , I believed that . Then I remembered his own struggle , what he went through . In that moment I determined I would not -- I COULD NOT -- be deterred . Well , I not only got in a room with Mandela -- thanks to the encouragement of a man named Floyd who worked in Rep. John Conyers ' office -- I photographed him and was able to talk with him . After I was initially turned away , it was Floyd who told me that I could do anything I set my mind to . I have always been believed that you have to act like you belong , so with that in my mind and the extra encouragement , I managed to talk my way into the room . I explained to President Mandela that I had been selected to be in the motorcade when he was in Detroit a few years earlier , and that I was honored then , as now , to photograph him . I do n't remember what he said , His lips moved but I probably could n't hear him over the loud beating of my heart . I do remember he smiled . That smile . Although my heart was fluttering , I was able to stand right in front of Nelson Mandela as he smiled and patiently waited for me to take the picture . I did n't just photograph him ; he graciously let me take pictures with him . The last time I photographed Mandela was at his home in Qunu , for his 90th birthday celebration . During the party , there was a special moment for me when I just waved at him and he smiled at me . I could n't believe it . The way he smiled , I was in awe . He was so gracious , so down to earth , so real , that there was no logical reason for me to feel awestruck . Nelson Mandela comes into the world only once . He was someone who not only wanted peace , but lived his life full of love , so much so he was able to forgive his enemies and strive for unity . When you were in his presence , he gifted you with his genuine smile and strong spirit ; he generated a sense of calm serenity . It was as if he knew something the rest of us did not , and clearly , he did . In my eye -- and in my lens -- his is the standard for leadership based in love . I look at things differently because of him . The experience of being exposed to Nelson Mandela has made this little girl from Detroit grow into an unapologetic , world-travelled woman , inspired to remain fearless in the face of adversity . Madiba changed my life , my world and how I see it . Forever . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Monica Morgan .	Monica Morgan first photographed Nelson Mandela during his visit to the U.S. in 1990 She was first introduced to the injustices of South Africa as a child in Detroit Morgan : ` There will never be another like Nelson Mandela '
The past week has been a devastating one for many families . Zubeidat Tsarnaev 's is one of them . But the mother of the two suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings remains resolute in her belief that her sons were not involved in the attack . She told CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh in Makhachkala , Dagestan , that she believes the tragedy that killed three people and injured dozens more was staged and that the bombing was fake . Boston bombing suspects : The Dagestan connection Zubeidat Tsarnaev has seen a video supporting the idea that it was "  something like a really big play , " she said , with "  paint instead of blood like it is made-up . " Does she really believe that ? "  That 's what I want to know , because everybody 's talking about it : that this is a show , that 's what I want to know . That 's what I want to understand , " replied Tsarnaev . Paton Walsh asked whether she had seen the news images of the actual bombings and the suffering they caused . "  I have n't , " she answered . But her disbelief wavered when she spoke of the victims . Suspects ' mother says bombing was staged with paint instead of blood "  I really feel sorry for all of them . Really feel sorry for all of them , " she said , her voice cracking . But she is convinced that her sons , Dzhokhar , 19 , and Tamerlan , 26 , were not involved . "  There is something wrong , " she said as she sought to articulate her confusion . The elder son was killed after the two allegedly violently resisted and fled police . Tamerlan 's body remains unclaimed . Dzhokhar is hospitalized with severe injuries and faces terrorism and murder charges . His mother said at a news conference Thursday that authorities "  already told us they will not let us see Dzhokhar . " ' I have nothing ' She broke down in sobs as she tried to describe her torment as a "  loving mother of two kids " faced with the events of the past week . "  This is really crazy . I ca n't even , I ca n't even describe it , " she told Paton Walsh , looking drained . "  I have no strength . I have nothing . I have no sleep . I am just like dead . Like a dead person . " Her husband , Anzor Tsarnaev , said Thursday that he expected to fly soon from Dagestan to the United States . But those plans may be in limbo after Zubeidat Tsarnaev said she 'd called an ambulance Thursday to take her husband to a hospital in Makhachkala . It was not immediately known whether Anzor Tsarnaev was ever admitted to a hospital and , if so , if he is still there . If he ever makes it to the United States , his wife is not expected to be with him . Zubeidat Tsarnaev is wanted on 2012 felony charges of shoplifting and property damage in Massachusetts , according to court officials . The family lived there before she jumped bail , and they moved the same year to Dagestan , a semi-autonomous region of Russia , officials said . She told Paton Walsh that she would like to travel to the United States . "  I really want to see how it is going to end , " she said . "  I want to see my Tamerlan , if it 's possible . " Keys to Boston attack could lie half a world away in restive region of Russia The felony charges were n't "  a big deal " and are unimportant to her , she said . "  What I care about is only the death of my oldest son , who I think was killed , and my youngest one , who is really ... needs the support . " U.S. officials had shown her and her husband "  pictures of dead body of Tamerlan , " she said at the news conference . "  I did not look . I could not believe it is my son . " The shoplifting arrest is n't the first time Zubeidat Tsarnaev has been eyed by U.S. authorities . Russia raised concerns to U.S. authorities about her in 2011 at the same time they asked the United States about her son Tamerlan , several sources told CNN . U.S. authorities added both the mother and son to the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment , or TIDE , database -- a collection of more than a half million names maintained by the National Counterterrorism Center , an intelligence official said . FBI agents interviewed Zubeidat Tsarnaev as part of its investigation into her son , whose case was closed after several months . ` Because they were Muslim ' On Wednesday , FBI agents were in Makhachkala -- a city that Tamerlan Tsarnaev called home for several months in 2012 -- to talk with the suspects ' parents . The conversation , which included members of Russia 's federal security service , ended Wednesday evening , the suspects ' mother told Saratova . Both parents have publicly said they believe their children are innocent and were framed : "  just because they were Muslim , " as Zubeidat Tsarnaev put it . When asked whether she thinks her younger son will get a fair trial , she replied , "  Only Allah will know . " The Tsarnaevs are originally from the troubled Russian republic of Chechnya but fled from the brutal wars there in the 1990s . The two brothers were born in Kyrgyzstan and then lived in Dagestan and moved at different times to the United States . The family 's adopted republic has become a focus for investigators , especially given that Tamerlan Tsarnaev went there during a six-month trip to Russia last year . On two occasions before that -- in March and late September 2011 -- Russian authorities asked U.S authorities to investigate Tamerlan Tsarnaev . Zubeidat Tsarnaev said the FBI had visited her family "  several times " in 2011 with questions about Tamerlan 's "  Islamic interests . " "  They said that they ... just think that Tamerlan is a kind of ... little on radical side of Islam and they just do n't want ... they are keeping their eye on , you know , the boys , like young boys like Tamerlan so any bombing any like explosion wo n't happen in America . On the streets , like on the streets . " The FBI investigators told her there was nothing wrong with that , they just wanted everyone to be safe , she said . Tsarnaev case raises questions about post 9/11 The Tsarnaevs and Misha A friend named Misha , whom Tamerlan met in the United States , steered the older suspect toward a more devout practice of Islam , Tamerlan 's relatives have said . "  Tamerlan was close friends with him , so they think that Misha made him ... become more deeply religious , " Zubeidat said . She was impressed with the Armenian convert to Islam , who seemed "  very intelligent , nothing wrong . " He suggested that she cover her hair with a scarf , which she did . "  When Misha visited us ... he just opened our eyes , you know ... really wide about Islam . He was really , he 's devoted , and he 's very good , very nice man , " Zubeidat Tsarnaev said . Friend "  brainwashed " bombing suspect , uncle says Tamerlan 's uncle Ruslan Tsarni had a less favorable opinion . "  This person just took his brain , " he said . "  He just brainwashed him completely . " Tamerlan , a former Golden Gloves boxer , left the ring and stopped listening to music under Misha 's influence . Elmirza Khozhgov , a former brother-in-law of the brothers , said the elder Tsarnaev brother introduced him to a man named Misha , but "  I did n't witness him making him radical . " Zubeidat declined to be drawn on which mosques her son frequented , saying he went to any mosque he could go to . Media reports have focused on the Kotrova mosque in Makhachkala . And she vehemently denied reports that Tamerlan had sent her text messages talking about the radical nature of his faith and that he was ready to die for Islam . But , she said , he was always in her thoughts . "  I remember him always , always from the first day that he was born , there was no day that I do n't remember him . ... He was the most caring son , " she said .	Zubeidat Tsarnaev is in a U.S. database that includes terror suspects , official says Russia raised concerns to U.S. about her and her son in 2011 , sources say Zubeidat Tsarnaev 's sons are allegedly responsible for the deadly Boston bombings She believes the bombings may have been fake and that her sons are innocent
CNN  The widow of the man whose life was portrayed in the acclaimed film "  American Sniper " has penned a heartfelt letter to him on their 13th anniversary . Taya Kyle posted her letter March 16 on the Chris Kyle Facebook page , where she proclaimed , "  I miss you and I love you . I feel you in my heart and soul so strongly . I am more blessed to have been your wife than anything else in my life . " "  Today , I have a choice . I can bury myself under the covers and acknowledge the pain of missing you and mourn the future anniversaries without you , " she wrote . "  Or , I can celebrate never having a day without you in my heart because you loved me enough to leave me a lifetime of memories and beauty . " Kyle , a Navy SEAL , has been credited as the most successful sniper in United States military history . Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Academy Award for his portrayal of Kyle in this winter 's film "  American Sniper , " which was based on Kyle 's bestselling autobiography . The film , directed by Clint Eastwood , has become the highest-grossing war movie ever . Why ` American Sniper ' is a smash hit Kyle and his friend Chad Littlefield were shot and killed at a gun range in 2013 by Eddie Ray Routh . A Texas jury found Routh guilty of capital murder in February , and he was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . Jury finds Eddie Ray Routh guilty in ` American Sniper ' case	Taya Kyle posted the letter on their 13th wedding anniversary "  American Sniper " is the highest-grossing war movie A man was found guilty in Kyle 's death in February
EW.com  -- Yep , folks , we finally met the mother : Monday night 's "  How I Met Your Mother " revealed actress Cristin Milioti as the show 's titular -- and , until now , extremely elusive -- character . The unveiling took place in the final few seconds of the season 8 finale , as Milioti 's yet-unnamed character simply walked up to a Long Island Rail Road ticket booth to purchase one ticket to the fictional Farhampton , presumably to go play in the band at the impending nuptials between Barney  Neil Patrick Harris  and Robin  Cobie Smulders  . The show did n't exactly spell out the reveal  casual fans could have missed it  , but there was one key to knowing the doe-eyed girl was the mother : the bright yellow umbrella she was holding . That 's the linchpin accessory the show 's narrator and father Ted  Josh Radnor  previously set up as the woman 's signature -- and identifying -- item . EW was on set for the filming of the game-changing scene , and scored an exclusive interview with co-creators Carter Bays and Craig Thomas . The pair revealed , among many other things , that we likely would have met the mother in May 2013 no matter what : The original plan was for the show to end after just eight seasons  meaning it would have been over ... now  , with the mother briefly introduced in the series finale . Only after HIMYM was extended to nine seasons did Bays and Thomas make the decision to reveal the mother before the final season -- in tonight 's episode .  Though it seems Ted wo n't be coming face-to-face with her until much later next season . EW : ` HIMYM ' recap One ticket to Farhampton While the scene answered the biggest burning question -- who was the woman at the center of the saga that Ted has been reliving for his kids  and viewers  since the show first launched in 2005 ? -- it left us with many , many more : Why do this now ? Why did n't they cast a big , big star ? Why was n't the mother actually Robin ? How was the long-awaited casting kept secret from the show 's incredibly rabid followers ? Read on as Bays and Thomas break down the Mother of all reveals . Entertainment Weekly : It 's already been announced that next season will be your last . With another year to go , why introduce the mother now ? Carter Bays : One of our hard and fast rules -LSB- when we thought we were doing eight seasons -RSB- was that we did n't want to meet her until the very end . We felt like , now that we 're doing another year , let 's find an interesting new twist . Craig Thomas : We 've talked here and there about letting the audience see the mother before Ted . Would that be fascinating or let some air out of the balloon ? We were scared of it for a long time , but this past season , it came up , and it just fit in so well . Ultimately we view it like we 've been honing in on this mother mystery for so long . In season one , it was like a shot of planet earth from outer space . And we 've honed in and honed in and honed in , and we look at season nine as like now we 're down to Google street view . We 've gone from a super-wide shot to super-microscopic-tight , and it just felt right to see the mother 's face and to give the audience that gift and that knowledge . There was something exciting about getting a little bit of her before Ted ever does . There was something that we felt like this audience who has stuck with us for all of these years we wanted to reward them with that . EW : ` HIMYM ' casting poll Bays : And to give ourselves the gift of having something . We did n't want to do season 9 unless we had something that just got us really excited to write it . This concept got us very excited to write it and lent itself to a lot of great ideas that came out . The tipping point was when you have enough ideas that you 're going to be bummed if you do n't get to try these ideas , that 's when it became worth it for us to do season 9 , and part of that is revealing the mother . The idea of getting to know her , getting to know where she 's coming from , it became too tantalizing to pass up . We always liked the poetic ending of you never really get to know her , you just see her face or something . EW : Truly , this is pay-off for the fans . Thomas : The thing we 're proud about in this series , we were able to pack some real surprises into the conventional sitcom form . A lot of viewers have given up on meeting the mother prior to the final episode . There are a lot of people who think that 's true . I think this will count as a genuine surprise for a lot of people . A lot of people think , "  Oh , they got another year ; we 're never going to see her face this year . " I think the way that the season ends , I 'm hoping it will blow some people 's minds and surprise them and make them want to tune in and see what the hell we 're going to do with that . EW : There was n't a peep out there about this happening . Was the surprise element crucial to how you wanted this to roll out on screen ? Bays : It 's an intended thing . And partly , it 's a fun way to do it . It will be fun to see people 's reactions . There 's something about as far as how as our experience as the audience is reflected in Ted 's experience as a single guy , I like the idea of you never know when it 's going to happen , and when it does happen , it just happens and there she is . I think it 's a way to put the audience in Ted 's shoes a little bit even though he does n't actually meet her in this episode . EW : How did you keep the whole thing a secret ? Thomas : In the script we called the character "  definitely not the mother , " so it was very good code . We got very CIA and intense about it : We really did n't put it on paper ; we never emailed the outline or the script . We literally just kept it on hard copies of paper that we messengered back and forth to people and then got the copies back and destroyed -LSB- them -RSB- . Bays : We had like a whole fake title . The script that we auditioned her from was titled "  USC Student Thesis Film . " Thomas : Something no one in Hollywood would ever actually read . Bays : All the extras from the scene with the mother are staff from How I Met Your Mother . They 're all there . It was really fun . EW : ` HIMYM ' renewed for final season EW : How did it feel to finally have Milioti on set and see it all play out ? Thomas : She just had to walk and say one line , but we were all freaking out and losing our minds . All she said was , "  One ticket to Far Hampton , please . " It was a very surreal moment . It was a moment we pictured for a lot of years , and ultimately it was great . EW : It seems like people thought the mother would be a big star . Did you ever consider going that route ? Thomas : We did n't want it to be a big famous star because we did n't want the wider audience to have associations with whatever actress this would be , where it 's like , "  Oh , it 's Anne Hathaway and I think blank of Anne Hathaway ... " You 're waiting years to meet this woman , and it 's like , "  Oh , he 's in love with Amy Adams just like the rest of America is . " The whole idea is that Ted 's never seen this woman before , so it better feel that way to the audience . " Cristin Milioti is she 's a fantastic actress and she 's been in -LSB- Broadway musica -RSB- Once , and it 's a Tony-nominated , wonderful musical but she has n't done a ton of big TV parts or bigger film parts . It seems so much more interesting and so much more ted to find someone special and unique and new , someone that we have n't seen before and the whole idea is that Ted 's never seen this woman before , so it better feel that way to the audience . Bays : I do n't think it ever occurred to us . Honestly , exhibit A for us in the discussions was Cobie Smulders . In the pilot of our show , Ted sees -LSB- Cobie Smulders ' -RSB- Robin for the first time and -- without naming names -- the part of Robin was offered to a pretty famous actress and she turned it down and then we ended up going with Cobie , who was our first choice from the beginning . Thank God we did for a million reasons but among those is the fact that when Ted 's seeing her for the first time , America 's seeing her for the first time -- the intriguingness of that propelled the show going forward and kept the show alive . EW : Was there ever a moment when you thought about trying to make Robin the mother ? Bays : No . We 've heard that question a lot . What always made the show interesting to us is that Ted meets the perfect woman , and it 's -LSB- still -RSB- not his final love story . For more How I Met Your Mother 's big reveal -- as well as exclusive details about what fans can expect to happen in the show 's ninth and final season -- pick up a copy of this week 's Entertainment Weekly , available on newsstands May 17 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Producers finally revealed the mother on "  How I met Your Mother " Viewers theorized it would be a big star Co-creator says they were able to pack some surprises into the show
At long last , this Earth Day we celebrate the true dawn of the Solar Age . That sunrise is hastened , here and abroad , by the slow demise of the once-touted "  too-cheap-to-meter " Atomic Age of nuclear power . As utilities find nuclear power less and less cost effective , new solar photovoltaic installations in the United States are springing up . New solar installations in 2013 reached a record 4.2 gigawatts , bringing the total to 10 . On average , one gigawatt of solar photovoltaics powers 164,000 U.S. homes . That means power for 1.6 million homes . Worldwide , in 2013 , solar power installations grew by 38 gigawatts , from 96 to 134 . According to the World Nuclear Industry Status Report 2013 , in the preceding year , 45 gigawatts of wind and 32 gigawatts of solar power were installed worldwide , compared with a net addition of just 1.2 gigawatts of nuclear . Hastening this energy revolution is the nuclear industry 's Achilles heel : an aging , dangerous reactor fleet that is increasingly uncompetitive and new reactor designs that are too expensive to build . Last year , utilities permanently shuttered five more reactors , lowering the number of operating units in the United States to fewer than 100 for the first time in two decades . Utility owners canceled at least nine planned upgrades of existing reactors , deeming the investments no longer economically justifiable . Additionally , nine planned new nuclear reactors were axed in 2013 , an indication of how rapidly things have changed . Just five years ago , utilities applied for licenses to construct at least 27 new reactors . By the close of 2013 , only four of those reactor projects were still alive . Opinion : Want green cities ? Lose the cars Ironically , Warren Buffett , arguably the world 's greatest capitalist , has emerged as the poster child for this dramatic shift . In June 2013 , Buffett 's MidAmerican utility threw in the towel after a failed three-year legislative battle to require Iowa electric customers to foot the bill for the design and construction of a prototype small modular reactor . Mainstream groups like AARP vigorously opposed that fiscally imprudent investment . Earlier , MidAmerican canceled another proposed reactor in Idaho on the grounds it was not worth the money . What 's significant about this about-face on nuclear by the highly regarded "  Oracle of Omaha " is that Buffett instead decided to install 656 large wind turbines at a cost of $ 1.9 billion in Iowa , and has gone "  all-in " with multibillion dollar bets on utility-scale wind and solar power and other renewable energy facilities throughout the West . Not just Wall Street wizards are shifting investment outlooks and strategies . Regulators and industry officials alike exude confidence that this is the era for solar , wind and other green energy technologies . In August 2013 , John Wellinghoff , then chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , observed that "  solar is growing so fast it is going to overtake everything ... It could double every two years . " In his annual State of the Union address in January , President Obama highlighted this auspicious trend by praising solar 's rapid growth , announcing that , "  every four minutes , another American home or business goes solar . ... " While nuclear has flat-lined in the marketplace , statistics demonstrating solar 's growth actually underestimate the total contribution to our country 's electrical supply from solar . This is because nonutility and small-scale -- residential and commercial rooftop -- photovoltaic systems do n't show up as electric generation in the industry 's statistics . The utilities that compile generation statistics view rooftop solar electricity , used on site , not as power generation but as a reduction in demand ! If it 's not sold by a utility , it 's not "  real " power . In fact , one of the authors built a six-story office building in Seattle that produced more electricity on its roof last year than it used . If this can be done in Seattle , the cloudiest major city in the contiguous 48 states , it can be done anywhere . In 2013 , America , and the world , crossed the threshold to a sustainable , ultimately nonnuclear , carbon-free energy future . While much remains to be done and there is a long way to go , this Earth Day is especially meaningful and inspiring for those of us who have spent our careers pursuing this essential goal . We can see the clear outline of a sustainable energy future that our children , our economy and our planet can live with .	Writers : On Earth Day we celebrate the dawn of the Solar Age , decline of nuclear power They say in the U.S. and worldwide , solar power installations are proliferating Writers : Nuclear reactors are aging and uncompetitive and it 's too expensive to build new ones Writers : In 2013 , U.S. and the world on threshold of sustainable , clean energy future
CNN  -- The Olympics may have started out as an idealistic showcase of amateur sporting prowess , but now it 's a very big business . In fact , it 's one of the biggest brands in the world , claims a new report . The four-yearly sporting spectacular -- rated second in scale behind soccer 's World Cup -- is worth just over $ 47.5 billion according to valuation specialist Brand Finance . That leaves it behind only Apple  $ 70.6 billion  and above the corporate world 's next biggest brand , Google  $ 47.4 billion  . These figures , based on the International Olympic Committee 's financial statements , put the legacy of Pierre de Coubertin well above major sponsors such as Samsung  $ 38.2 billion  , General Electric  $ 33.2 billion  and Coca-Cola  $ 31.1 billion  . The Frenchman -- who believed in the right for everyone to take part -- revived the Ancient Games in the late 1800s . Some 116 years after the first modern Olympics took place in Athens , the event is apparently now worth 134 times the National Bank of Greece  $ 354 million  . iReport : Send us your pictures and videos While the Hellenic economy is all but crippled in these difficult economic times , the Olympics -- originally dedicated to the gods , but now seemingly devoted to the dollar -- is experiencing significant financial growth . In the four years since the Beijing Games , total revenue has increased 38 % to $ 5.1 billion . Of that amount , broadcast revenue has boomed by 51 % to $ 3.9 billion  compared to just $ 1.2 million in 1960  with the largest spend by continent in North America  $ 2.3 billion  . These numbers are expected to go up again as the Olympic cycle moves from London to Rio in 2016 , with Brand Finance -- which has yet to rate soccer 's World Cup or European Championship -- reporting that revenue will pass the $ 6 billion mark . In fact , another report -- by Sportcal -- states that this four-year cycle will be worth $ 8 billion overall , covering London 2012 and Vancouver 's 2010 Winter Games . As the IOC retains only 10 % of its income to cover operating costs , this represents a healthy profit -- much of which is plowed back into developing sport worldwide . "  There is no doubt that the Olympics ` Brand ' is a formidable revenue generator and has huge value , " says Brand Finance chief executive David Haigh . "  It has recently been criticized for heavy-handed brand control , but it should not be forgotten that in the current four-year cycle $ 4.6 billion has been generated for initiatives to develop sport worldwide . It is also expected to produce a net benefit to the UK economy of more than $ 25 billion . " However , British sports business expert Simon Chadwick argues that these figures do not show the whole picture -- and he insists that brand value is more complex than mere numbers can portray . "  While it can not be denied that the IOC contributes to the funding and development of sport across the world , many of the costs associated with running the Olympics are covered by host nations which , in turn , can divert resources away from investment in other sporting projects that might normally be pursued , " Chadwick , of England 's Coventry University Business School , told CNN . "  Moreover , the Games often inflict economic costs upon countries  such as increased congestion , increased crime , resource inflation etc.  that are not accounted for by the financial figures quoted here . "  The IOC has created value for the brand on the back of unprecedented protection ; there can be few corporations across the world that oblige governments to pass legislation aimed at protecting the Games ' interests . As such , the IOC is afforded competitive and commercial benefits that are essentially unique and highly distinctive . " Such restrictions mean that the likes of McDonald 's  valued at $ 22.2 billion  have an almost free reign in the supply of food on the Olympic Park site . And sponsorship deals can ensure a hefty return on investment for the corporations who sign Olympic partnership deals , known as the TOP program . "  Procter & Gamble expects to generate an extra $ 500 million in sales from London 2012 , having already generated $ 100 million from Vancouver 2010 , " states the Brand Finance report . "  GE , which reportedly paid $ 200 million for TOP sponsorship rights covering London and Vancouver , already believes it has earned back its investment . "  GE uses its Olympic links to win big contracts in the host nations , particularly in developing nations such as China  after Beijing 2008  and the upcoming Winter Games in Sochi , Russia for 2014 . " However , Chadwick believes sponsorship is only one factor in measuring brand value . "  All the sponsorship figure does is to tell us something about the value of the Games brand to a sponsor , rather than to consumers , " he said . "  This sense of corporatism is further amplified by the geographic figures , which are heavily skewed towards North America . The implication is that there is little value in the Olympics brand in Africa  which provides just 1 % of the broadcast revenue  . " As well as raising the issue of who the Olympics actually benefits , Chadwick believes the report gives a limited picture of the Games ' brand value . "  It highlights the willingness of broadcasters and sponsors to pay for the right to be associated with the Games . The figures are therefore not necessarily an accurate indicator of true global worth in that there is no clear link to the peoples ' purchase intentions and behavior in relation to the brand , " he said . "  What the precise nature of that value might be is open to question . It is also somewhat worrying that a significant part of the brand value attributed by this study emanates from only two sources : broadcasting and sponsorship . "  The domination of broadcasting revenues is an especially worrying point as it implies that the majority of brand value is delivered by media spectacle alone . "  This casts some doubt on the extent to which consumers and fans value the brand , but also implies that the generation of brand value is delivered by broadcasters and sponsors , and not by the IOC or the inherent or intrinsic qualities of the products it delivers . " Chadwick argues that it is wrong to compare the Olympics with corporations such as Apple and Google , who operate on different timeframes and in a different business environment . "  The methodology used to value a brand like Apple will be entirely different to that employed to value the Olympics -- it is therefore scientifically unsound to make any such sort of comparison , " he said .	Report says the Olympics is the second biggest brand in the world Games lags well behind leader Apple but is above Google However , sports business analyst says they can not be compared He argues that brand value is more than just a financial concept
CNN  -- Doctors say there may be a glimmer of hope for a 12-year-old girl in Arkansas who is infected with a rare but deadly brain-eating parasite . Not a single person is known to have survived such an infection in the past decade , but Kali Hardig is hanging on in critical condition , according to doctors at Arkansas Children 's Hospital . Hardig 's mother took her to the hospital nine days ago . Hardig had a fever and a headache , but something else did n't seem right . Doctors checked her spinal fluid , and that 's where they found a microscopic amoeba called Naegleria fowleri . The amoeba enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain . It 's usually found in people who have been swimming in warm , fresh water . You can not be infected with the organism by drinking contaminated water , the CDC says . "  This infection is one of the most severe infections that we know of , " Dr. Dirk Haselow of the Arkansas Department of Health told CNN affiliate WMC . "  Ninety-nine percent of people who get it die . " Why ` nightmare bacteria ' on the rise Dr. Sanjiv Pasala , one of Hardig 's attending physicians , says they immediately started treating Hardig with an anti-fungal medicine , antibiotics and a new experimental anti-amoeba drug doctors got directly from the CDC . They have also reduced the girl 's temperature to 93 degrees . Doctors have used that technique in some brain injury cases as a way to preserve undamaged brain tissue . Today , doctors checked the girl 's cerebral spinal fluid and could not find any presence of the amoeba . Pasala said that while other cases have not met with such favorable results , what may have made a real difference is that the girl 's mother got her to the hospital so quickly . Willow Springs Water Park in Little Rock is the most likely source of Hardig 's infection , according to a news release from the Arkansas Department of Health . Another case of the same parasite , also called primary amoebic meningoencephalitis , was reported in 2010 and was possibly linked to Willow Springs . "  Based on the occurrence of two cases of this rare infection in association with the same body of water and the unique features of the park , the ADH has asked the owner of Willow Springs to voluntarily close the water park to ensure the health and safety of the public , " the news release said . What 's in your pool water ? The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection , including headache , fever , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck , according to the CDC . "  Later symptoms include confusion , lack of attention to people and surroundings , loss of balance , seizures and hallucinations , " the government agency 's website states . "  After the start of symptoms , the disease progresses rapidly and usually causes death within one to 12 days . " Getting this amoeba is extremely rare . Between 2001 and 2010 , there were 32 reported cases in the United States , the CDC says . Most of the cases occurred in the Southeast . Here are some tips from the CDC to help lower your risk of infection : • Avoid swimming in freshwater when the water temperature is high and the water level is low . • Hold your nose shut or use nose clips . • Avoid stirring up the sediment while wading in shallow , warm freshwater areas . • If you are irrigating , flushing or rinsing your sinuses  for example , by using a neti pot  , use water that has been distilled or sterilized . Flesh-eating bacteria survivor goes home Doctors say it is still too early to know whether Hardig can survive or to know how much of an impact the amoeba has had on the girl 's brain .	Kali Hardig , 12 , is in critical condition at Arkansas Children 's Hospital Amoeba causes fatal brain infection , according to the CDC Parasite generally found in people who swim in warm , fresh water
CNN  -- A Kansas City-area man proposed to his girlfriend during a Royals baseball game this week , after she gave him one of her kidneys earlier this year , according to CNN affiliate KSHB . Taesha Benson donated a kidney to Travis Spire-Sweet just before Valentine 's Day . Spire-Sweet was born with only 25 % of a functioning kidney , and Benson was a perfect match , the station reported . The chances of unrelated people being this close of a match for kidney donation is about 1 in 30,000 , according to the University of Kansas Hospital , where the surgery was performed . Every 10 minutes , someone is added to the waiting list for a donated organ , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . Some receive the organ they need . But every year , thousands of people die waiting for a donor organ they never receive -- about 18 per day . Here are some other numbers regarding organ donation : 118,189 : The number of people currently waiting for a donated organ as of Thursday , according to the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network . 96,262 : The number of people awaiting a kidney transplant as of Thursday . 2,001 : The number of people under 18 on a waiting list for an organ as of last week . 8 : The number of lives one organ donor can save . 4,421 : The number of transplants performed in January and February 2013 . 79 : The average number of organ transplants daily . 65 : The percentage of people on national transplant waiting list over the age of 50 , as of 2012 . 2.3 : The percentage of deceased donors who were Asian as of 2010 . 574 : The number of deceased donors in 2012 who were age 65 or older . 90 : The percentage of Americans who say they support donation , according to Donate Life America , a nonprofit alliance of state teams and national organizations committed to increasing organ , eye and tissue donation . 30 : The percentage of Americans who know the essential steps to take to be a donor , according to Donate Life .	Taesha Benson was a perfect match for boyfriend Travis Spire-Sweet She donated a kidney to him earlier this year Spire-Sweet proposed at a Kansas City Royals game this week
CNN  -- Rem Koolhaas revolutionizes city landscapes with distinctive and cutting-edge buildings . Seattle 's Central Library is one of Rem Koolhaas ' recent builds . Responsible for the iconic CCTV headquarters in Beijing the Dutch architect was named one of "  The World 's Most Influential People " by Time magazine . Similar to the man himself , his buildings are not afraid to make a statement . "  We felt it was very important for an entity like CCTV to make its presence felt ... To generate a space and to define a space , that is the main thing , " he told CNN at the opening of his "  Transformer " building in Seoul , South Korea . Koolhaas admits that the current economic climate is not particularly favorable to big and bold architectural plans , but from adversity comes creativity . "  Definitely there were a number of projects that we worked on put on hold , but on the other hand certain things were also accelerated because the price of construction is getting so cheap . " Despite these new parameters he remains optimistic that his profession will continue to invent and be relevant , "  because it means kind of smaller , but more complex and kind of interesting things , kind of related to , not necessarily with commerce , but more connected to culture and to the social world . " His buildings have attracted worldwide fame and given Koolhaas himself a form of semi-celebrity status . Yet Koolhaas still feels a sense of unease being labeled a "  Starchitect . " "  I think it 's a name that is actually degrading to the vast majority of people it is applied to . And it really is a kind of political term that for certain clients is important because they use star architects . My hope is that through the current complexity that title will exit discretely and disappear , " he said . He believes that by being able to respond to different demands architecture is evolving into something new . "  It is not possible to live in this age if you do n't have a sense of many contradictory forces , " he said . "  Each building has to be beautiful , but cheap and fast , but it lasts forever . That is already an incredible battery of seemingly contradictory demands . So yes , I 'm definitely perhaps contradictory person , but I operate in very contradictory times . "	Dutch architect is creative force behind landmark buildings across the world Beijing 's CCTV building and Seattle 's Central Library are two bold examples Koolhaas embraces contradictions in a project and creative-commercial tensions
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British confectioner Cadbury has recalled all of its Chinese-made candy products over fears that they may be contaminated with the chemical melamine , a company statement said Monday . "  The products that are affected by this withdrawal include a range of Cadbury chocolate products and Choclairs , all produced in our Beijing plant , " Cadbury said in a statement . Some or all of the products were exported to Taiwan , Hong Kong , Australia , the Pacific island of Nauru and Christmas Island in the Indian Ocean , according to the company . Cadbury said that it is implementing new food safety and quality checks at its Beijing plant and that fresh candies will be manufactured . The candy maker is the latest company to get caught up in China 's tainted-milk scandal . Melamine was first found in powdered infant formula but has since been traced to dozens of other products . Nearly 53,000 children in China have been sickened by the formula or other products containing melamine . Four babies have died , and five Hong Kong children have suffered melamine-related illnesses . Dozens of countries have banned or recalled Chinese milk products . Watch how scare affects companies outside China " Chinese police have arrested 40 people in the tainted-milk scandal , including 22 announced Monday in northern China 's Hebei province . Nineteen of those were managers of pastures , breeding farms and milk-purchasing stations , the Xinhua news agency reported , citing a panel investigating the case . Authorities say they raided 41 locations in Hebei and seized 490 pounds  222 kilograms  of melamine . Eighteen arrests were announced earlier . They include two brothers who face charges of selling contaminated milk . The brothers could face death if convicted , according to China Daily , a state-run newspaper . The raw milk used to produce powdered baby formula had been watered down , and the chemical melamine was added to fool quality checks , the newspaper said . Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . Some Chinese dairy plants have added it to milk products to make it seem to have a higher protein level . Melamine is the same industrial contaminant from China that poisoned and killed thousands of U.S. dogs and cats last year . Health experts say that ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , urinary tract ulcers , and eye and skin irritation . It also robs infants of much-needed nutrition . The following 11 products are included in the recall , according to Hong Kong 's Centre for Food Safety : • Cadbury Dark Chocette , 45 grams . • Cadbury Dark Chocette , 80 grams . • Cadbury Eclairs , 180 grams . • Cadbury Dairy Milk Chocolate Pumpkin , 150 grams . • Cadbury Dark Chocolate , 40 grams . • Cadbury Dairy Milk Chocolate Bulk Pack , 5 kilograms . • Cadbury Dark Chocolate Bulk Pack , 5 kilograms . • Cadbury Dairy Milk Hazelnut Chocolate Bulk Pack , 5 kilograms . • Cadbury Dairy Milk Cookies Chocolate Bulk Pack , 5 kilograms . • Cadbury Hazelnut Praline Chocolate  2008 Chinese New Year  , 312 grams . • Cadbury Dairy Milk Chocolate  2008 Chinese New Year  , 300 grams .	All recalled products produced in Cadbury 's Beijing plant Candy distributed in Taiwan , Hong Kong , Australia , 2 small islands 22 more arrested in tainted-milk case , raising total to 40 Milk contaminated with melamine , an industrial chemical
CNN  Texas Sen. Ted Cruz will announce Monday that he is launching his campaign to become the 2016 Republican nominee for president . Cruz has been positioning for this nomination almost since he entered the upper chamber in 2012 . His announcement takes place at a bastion of conservatism , Liberty University , the institution founded by evangelical leader Jerry Falwell . Cruz is going to run from the right . He has spent much of his short career in Washington blasting the "  mushy middle " of his party  which might be news to most Democrats  , which he dismisses as a "  failed electoral strategy . " During a recent visit to New Hampshire , where he vowed to eliminate the Department of Education and the Internal Revenue Service , Cruz said that "  I 'm pretty sure , here in New Hampshire , y' all define gun control like we do in Texas : Gun control is when you hit at what you aim at . " Fifty years ago , another Republican senator ran this kind of campaign , Arizona 's Barry Goldwater , who took on President Lyndon Johnson . Cruz will test the conventional wisdom that Goldwater 's strategy was and remains a failure . When Republicans voted to nominate him in 1964 , Goldwater told the delegates that "  extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice . And moderation in the pursuit of justice no virtue . " When the icon of moderate Republicans , New York Gov. Nelson Rockefeller , spoke to the convention , the delegates hissed and booed . The outcome was far from great for the GOP . Johnson defeated Goldwater in a landslide election that brought in huge liberal Democratic majorities that passed the exact programs that conservatives abhorred . Although Goldwater was clearly wrong when he ran in 1964 , Cruz thinks that the times have changed . Is he right ? Right now , the chances are not great . If Cruz really sticks to this strategy of extremism , he faces very long odds of making it to the White House . The strategy might help him to garner some primary votes against Jeb Bush in red states , but it is not an approach with a great track record . Even as the Republican Party has shifted to the right in recent decades , Republican candidates who have obtained the nomination , and those who have also won the presidency , always developed campaign themes that allowed them to appeal to broader coalitions than voters on the extremes . Ronald Reagan had anti-communism and tax cuts to attract voters into one big tent , and George H.W. Bush had a thousand points of light . His son George W. Bush emphasized policies tied to "  compassionate conservatism " to prove that he was not an extreme zealot . Even Republicans who did n't win in the general elections , like John McCain and Mitt Romney , did not win the primary and caucus tallies by only playing to the base . Notwithstanding the conventional wisdom , even in primaries it seems that Republican voters understand the importance of finding someone who has the potential to win in November . This coming election will be tough for Republicans . As all the experts have shown , the electoral college math does not favor the GOP . Some experts have predicted that Democrats have over an 80 % chance of winning the Electoral College . According to the Washington Post , if one looks at the states where the margin was narrow in the 2012 election , five currently favor Democrats  Florida , Iowa , Minnesota , Ohio and Pennsylvania  while in others , like Colorado , Democrats have a very good chance of winning as a result of demographic trends , namely growing minority populations that favor their party 's nominee . Barring any dramatic changes in the coming months , Democrats will also have a very strong and seasoned nominee in Hillary Clinton . Cruz is also not just someone who defends extremism but a politician who can easily be tied to the congressional obstructionism that has turned off so much of the electorate . The Republican Party has been dragged down by the kind of politics that voters have observed in Washington . In 2014 , congressional approval ratings plummeted to 14 % . As the new year began , the approval ratings were only slightly better : just 16 % . This is the congressional Republicanism where Cruz comes from . Many voters who like conservatism and the GOP do n't love what their representatives are doing on Capitol Hill . The kind of scorched earth , always say no to anything politics has not done well in terms of the favorability ratings . There have been few practitioners of this style of legislative politics as prominent as Cruz . During his campaign for the presidency , he might pay the price for the kind of politics that brought him great attention in Congress . When Goldwater squared off against Johnson in 1964 , the President predicted that there would be a "  frontlash " of Republican and independent voters who would move way from the GOP just because Goldwater was at the top of the ticket . This was Johnson 's response to predictions of a backlash in the South from Democrats who were angry about civil rights . The frontlash , Johnson explained to Bill Moyers is "  liberals , independents , moderate Republicans . " The electorate is not as likely to experience any dramatic swings like we saw in Midwestern states in 1964 , where solidly Republican areas went Democratic because they were scared off by Goldwater , but a Cruz campaign could be exactly what Democrats need to cement victories in the swing states where the outcome is still uncertain . Monday , Cruz will bask in the spotlight of his announcement . But Republicans are going to have to really think hard about whether they want to put all of their electoral eggs in this volatile basket which , at least based on the history , has a very slim chance of winning .	Julian Zelizer : If Ted Cruz follows Barry Goldwater 's path , he and his party could lose big Contrary to conventional wisdom , GOP primary voters are more interested in victory than ideology , he says
CNN  -- Three Napoli fans received hospital treatment and one remains in a critical condition Sunday after violence marred the Italian Cup final between Napoli and Fiorentina in Rome . Reports from domestic news agency ANSA said three Napoli supporters suffered gunshot wounds in clashes before Saturday 's match in the Olympic stadium , while another from Rome was hospitalized with injuries . The condition of one of the Napoli fans , a 30-year-old , remained "  critical but stable " after an operation to remove a bullet from near his spinal cord , doctors said . There have been conflicting reports of exactly who was responsible for the incidents and who fired the shots , but with almost 30,000 fans from each club arriving in a capital already boasting two other clubs , Roma and Lazio , the potential for violence was high and sadly this proved the case . Uneasy standoff After news of the pre-match shootings filtered through to Napoli 's fans in the Curva Nord  North End  , the match was delayed and no official reason given . An uneasy stand off followed between the authorities and Napoli 's ultras -- the club 's hardcore , organized fan group -- who pelted the pitch with burning flares as the match was initially suspended . At one point Napoli 's Slovakian striker Marek Hamsik appeared to remonstrate with the ultras in a bid to calm the situation down before being ushered away . "  These incidents are simply unacceptable , " said Maurizio Beretta , the president of Lega Serie A , according to AFP . "  We appeal to the fans who are here for the final to treat it as it should be -- an evening of sport and football and not one that should give rise to episodes of violence . " The match eventually kicked off at 19.45 GMT , 45 minutes late . "  A football match should n't be about battles between two sets of supporters , " said Italian Senate president Pietro Grosso , as quoted by AFP . "  We 're here to see a final , to enjoy the game in a festive and sporting atmosphere . I 'm saddened to see that this kind of thing is still going on . " Napoli triumph After the delay a fine game of football finally broke out . Napoli 's players , visibly effected by the atmosphere surrounding the game , raced out of the blocks and into a two goal lead . Twenty two year old Italy international Lorenzo Insigne , who was born and raised in Napoli , scored twice and could have had a hat trick . But Fiorentina fought back with Peruvian Juan Manuel Vargas and were then denied what appeared to be a legitimate goal that was called offside right before half time . The second half was a much cagier affair as Napoli coach Rafa Benitez , looking for a trophy in his first season at the club , tried to close the game down . Everything had gone to plan for Benitez and Napoli but a second yellow card for Swiss international Gokhan Inler with just over 10 minutes to go set of a frenetic end to the match . But Napoli broke away on the counter attack and Belgian international Dries Mertens made it 3-1 , securing the club 's fifth Coppa Italia success . Barca 's title setback Meanwhile , in Spain , Barcelona 's hopes of defending the La Liga title suffered a serious setback after conceding an injury time equalizer against Getafe . Lionel Messi and Alexis Sanchez had twice given Barcelona the lead . But on both occasions Angel Lafita scored , his second with only minutes remaining to make it 2-2 . There had been emotional scenes before the game at Camp Nou as a gigantic banner was hoisted to honor Tito Vilanova , the club 's former coach who died last week of throat cancer . The banner read Tito Per Sempre Etern ; Tito , always eternal . A minute 's silence followed . The result left Atletico Madrid in prime position to win the La Liga crown with city rivals Real Madrid also still challenging . Atletico play Barcelona at the Camp Nou in the last game of the season in what still be a title decider . Read : Atletico slip up in La Liga , Real held	Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-1 in Italian Cup final Kick off was delayed after pre-match violence Three Napoli fans shot and one remains in critical condition Barcelona held 2-2 by Getafe in La Liga to hit title hopes
Jerusalem  CNN  -- An American-born Israeli man , described by police as a "  Jewish terrorist , " is mentally unstable and in need of psychiatric help , his attorney told CNN Monday . Israeli authorities Sunday announced the arrest of Yaakov "  Jack " Teitel , 37 , a West Bank settler who was arrested last month . Israeli police and security forces say he has been charged in connection with a string of attacks and murder plots over the past 12 years against Arabs , homosexuals , leftists , messianic Jews and police forces . Teitel 's attorney Adi Keidar said his client has admitted to the 1997 shooting of a Palestinian man and laying explosive devices -- in addition to other crimes that he was not involved in , particularly the August shooting attack on a Tel Aviv gay youth club that killed two people . Police said that Teitel initially claimed responsibility for the attack , but they are still unsure about the identity of the shooter . Keidar said he has yet to see the full indictment against his client . Teitel sees himself as an emissary of God , who has come to eradicate all the profanities against God , according to Keidar . He said he believes Teitel is in need of immediate psychiatric evaluation . Teitel , 37 , was arrested last month in Jerusalem after hanging posters in support of the Tel Aviv attack . "  He was like a serial killer . This guy was a Jewish terrorist who targeted different types of people , " police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . "  He was deeply involved in terrorism on all different levels " . According to police , the long series of attacks began in 1997 , when Teitel entered Israel as a tourist and managed to smuggle a handgun on board a British Airways flight to Tel Aviv . Teitel 's first victim , police said , was Samir Balbisi , an east Jerusalem cab driver who was shot and killed . Two months later , the same gun was used to shoot and kill a Palestinian shepherd in the South Hebron Hills . Teitel was interrogated by police following the second killing but denied any involvement in the act and was later released . Teitel moved to Israel in 2000 , into the West Bank settlement of Shvut Rachel , married and has four young children . According to Shin Bet , Israel 's security agency , Teitel 's father , who now lives in Israel as well , served as a dentist in the U.S. Marines during the Vietnam War . It is believed Teitel was first introduced to weapons and explosives during his time living on American military bases . In 2008 Teitel allegedly planted a bomb inside a package delivered to a house of a messianic Jewish family . Ami Ortiz , a 15 year old boy suffered serious injuries in the attack , police said . Next on Teitel 's list of targets , police said , was Israel Prize laureate Zeev Sternhell . Teitel admitted in planting explosives at Sternhell 's doorstep in September last year . Sternhell , a prominent left-wing activist was lightly wounded , according to police . Harsh questions were raised in the Israeli press Monday on how an alleged killer was able to escape the hands of the law for over 12 years and emphasized the difficulty of security forces in tracking Israeli terrorists . Shin Bet described Teitel as a lone wolf who did not confess his acts to anyone and carefully calculated his moves in order not to get caught . He did not learn the Hebrew language in all his years in Israel , they said . CNN 's Michal Zippori and Guy Azriel contributed to this report .	Israel on Sunday announced the arrest of American-born Yaakov Teitel on terror charges Attorney says Teitel is "  mentally unstable " and needs psychiatric help Teitel is charged in a attacks against homosexuals , Arabs and police officers Police say string of attacks began 1997 with shooting of taxi driver
CNN  -- Lt. Col. George Bivens has a message for whoever ambushed two Pennsylvania State Police troopers last week : "  We will find you . " The Friday night shooting outside police barracks in Blooming Grove killed one trooper and seriously wounded another . Authorities are offering a $ 75,000 reward for information leading to the suspect or suspects , Bivens said . Police have released few details about the shooting , saying they want to keep most of the information they 've deduced so far from evidence quiet . "  Only the coward that committed this act knows that information , and we will use that to find him or her , " Bivens said . The assailant used a .308 - caliber rifle , Bivens said , and could be an avid hunter of someone with formal firearms training . "  Clearly , they practiced with this rifle to maintain proficiency , " he said , adding that the suspect may have been practicing at a shooting range . And it 's possible the shooter had "  an ongoing issue with law enforcement or the government " and "  suffered some level of crisis in his life , " Bivens said . The FBI is assisting , he said , and investigators are working around the clock to track down the suspect . But there 's one key person they have n't had a chance yet to speak with : the trooper who survived the shooting . Trooper Alex T. Douglass is conscious and speaking for the first time since undergoing surgery after the shooting , police said . But authorities have n't interviewed him . "  First and foremost is our concern for his health and recovery . So we 're letting the doctors do what they need to do , and at an appropriate time that will occur . We expect that to happen in the very near future , " Bivens said . The trooper is improving daily . "  He was very seriously wounded and he 's going to have a long road to recover , " he said . The shooting happened at 10:50 p.m. Friday in a rural , wooded area . Cpl. Bryon K. Dickson was killed in the attack . Police from New York , New Jersey and throughout the Northeast are assisting in the search for suspects , Pennsylvania State Police Commissioner Frank Noonan said . Police have received hundreds of tips in the case and are aggressively pursuing each one , Bivens said . "  We are determined ... and we will solve this , " Bivens said . "  We 've all been through any number of complex investigations . They take time . I know we 've assembled the A team here . They will absolutely work through this investigation , and I 'm confident we 'll make an arrest . " 2 officers from ` Alaska State Troopers ' killed in confrontation CNN 's Joshua Berlinger , Mayra Cuevas , Ed Payne , Joe Sutton and Carma Hassan contributed to this report	NEW : Pennsylvania trooper is conscious after being shot $ 75,000 reward offered .308 - caliber rifle believed used in Friday 's shootings
CNN  Two Sydney men have been charged with terror offenses , with one accused of possessing documents designed to facilitate a terror attack on Australian soil . Sulayman Khalid , 20 , from Regent 's Park in western Sydney , appeared in Parramatta Local Court Wednesday , after having been arrested at his home the previous day , police said . He was refused bail , and is scheduled to reappear in court on February 18 , court staff said . The maximum sentence he faces is 15 years , police said . A second man , a 21-year-old from the Sydney suburb of Marsfield , was also charged by counter-terrorism police with breaching a control order . A person can be subject to a control order if it substantially helps prevent a terrorist attack , or the person has trained with a listed terrorist organization or been convicted of terror offenses , according to the Australian Attorney General Department . The charge carries a maximum sentence of two years ' imprisonment . ` Overt action ' Australian Federal Police Deputy Commissioner Michael Phelan told reporters that the arrests related to "  activity that has been going for a while now . " "  This group has had ongoing conversations and activity for the last year , " he said , adding that "  particularly overt action " had been taken on 18 September and again last week , prompting the authorities to obtain search warrants . A "  significant amount of material " had been seized , he said . While there was no specific threat of an imminent attack , he told reporters : "  There was enough there that gave concern to us that something was being planned . " "  The documents talked a little bit about potential government targets . " ` Heightened ' threat The arrests came the same day that Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott warned of a "  heightened level of terror chatter " following the Martin Place siege in Sydney , in which two people , along with hostage-taker Man Haron Monis , were killed . "  The terror threat remains high ... and at this level an attack is likely , " Abbott told reporters Tuesday . "  We do n't know when and how an attack may come , but we do know that there are people with the intent and the capability to carry out further attacks . " The arrests were made as part of Operation Appleby , an ongoing investigation into Islamist extremists , which led to sweeping pre-dawn counter-terror raids in Sydney in September . Eleven people have been arrested in relation to the operation so far , police said . Phelan said Operation Appleby was focused on a group of 15 to 20 people in the Sydney region who sympathized with ISIS ideology , and who had been actively monitored for some time . A police spokeswoman would not comment on claims in Australian media that the target allegedly mentioned in the documents was an Australian Federal Police building , or that the documents described a plan to conduct guerrilla warfare in New South Wales ' Blue Mountains . Following his arrest , footage appeared in Australian media of Khalid , dressed in a jacket bearing the ISIS flag , storming off the set of an Australian current affairs show in August in which guests had been discussing local support for Islamic extremism . READ MORE : Terror threats place Western nations on alert	Two Sydney men have been charged as part of an ongoing counter-terror operation One is charged with possessing documents designed to facilitate a terror attack in Australia He faces a maximum sentence of 15 years
CNN  -- Former President Clinton said he sees parallels in the mood of the country now and on April 19 , 1995 , when the bombing of a federal building in Oklahoma City killed 168 people while he was in the White House . "  There 's the same kind of economic and social upheaval now , " he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in an interview to air Friday on "  The Situation Room . " "  Then , you had the rise of extremist voices on talk radio . Here , you have a billion Internet sites , " Clinton said . And although the hard-core , anti-government radicals are still a minority , "  they can communicate with each other much faster and much better than they did before . The main thing that bothered us since the time of Oklahoma City was that already , there was enough use of the Internet that if you knew how to find a Web site -- and not everybody even had a computer back then , but if you knew how to find it , you could learn , for example , how to make a bomb . " "  Now , everybody has got a computer ; Web sites are easily accessible . And you can be highly selective and spend all of your time with people that are , you know , kind of out there with you , " he continued . Clinton said the Oklahoma City bombing -- then the worst terrorist attack in U.S. history -- was the "  last in a series of very high-profile violent encounters " during the 1990s between anti-government activists and authorities . He said the country is better protected to prevent such an attack now . But when asked whether the anti-government mood now is more intense than in the 1990s , Clinton said , "  Now , there are all of these groups , you know , saying things like the current political debate is just a prelude to civil war , all of that kind of stuff . " In an interview with the New York Times on Friday , Clinton warned of the affect that angry political rhetoric might have on antigovernment radicals like Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh ; he pointed to Rep. Michele Bachmann calling the Obama administration and the Democratic Congress "  the gangster government " at a tax day Tea Party rally on Thursday . "  They are not gangsters , " Clinton told the newspaper . "  They were elected . They are not doing anything they were not elected to do . " Clinton said that demonizing the government with incendiary language can have effects beyond just rallying a crowd . "  There can be real consequences when what you say animates people who do things you would never do , " Clinton told the newspaper , pointing out that McVeigh and his conspirators "  were profoundly alienated , disconnected people who bought into this militant antigovernment line . " But Clinton said he did n't want to draw too tight of an analogy between then and now . He added that it 's not his intent to stifle criticism of government . "  I 'm not interested in gagging anybody . I actually love this political debate , " Clinton said . "  Most of the Tea Party people , though , are explicitly political . You 've got to give that now , " he said . "  Forget about whether we disagree with them or not . It 's really important to be able to criticize your government and criticize elected officials . That does n't bother me . "  Most of them have been well within bounds , " Clinton said . "  And they 're harsh but limited criticism ; in other words , they 're not advocating violence or encouraging other people to do it . "  But I just think that we have to be careful , " the former president added . "  We 've been down this road on more than one occasion before . We do n't want to go down it again . "	Former president analyzes mood of country now and leading up to Oklahoma City bombing Anti-government radicals can communicate faster now , he says We do n't want to go down violent road again , he says Clinton joins Wolf Blitzer on "  The Situation Room " today at 5 p.m. ET on CNN
CNN  -- Atletico Madrid paid emotional tribute to former player and coach Luis Aragones Sunday before sweeping to the top of La Liga with a style of football which would have made him proud . Following the 4-0 win over Real Sociedad at the Vicente Calderon stadium , the club 's official website simply posted : Leaders : This if for you Luis . The victory saw them overtake Barcelona at the top of the standings -- the first time they had achieved the feat since the double-winning season of 1995-96 . But it was all about Aragones , who died aged 75 Saturday . He spent the majority of his football career with Atletico and is still the club 's leading scorer , claiming La Liga titles both as a player and coach . Aragones capped his achievements by coaching Spain to the 2008 European Championship , the start of their domination of world football . Giant banners were unfurled in the Atletico stadium in his honor and tributes were observed before all the matches in the La Liga program . Aragones donned the number eight shirt for the team and home fans waited until the eighth minute of the match before chanting his name . It was entirely fitting that it was David Villa , the competition 's top scorer when Aragones led Spain to Euro 2008 glory , who opened the scoring against Basque side Sociedad when he swept home Diego Costa 's low cross . The sought after Costa doubled Atletico 's advantage with a typical finish before Miranda headed home the third . Diego Ribas rounded off a glorious evening for Atletico -- who are also into the last 16 of the Champions League -- with a shot into the roof of the visiting net . Sociedad were playing their first match since Thursday 's bizarre Copa del Rey clash with Racing Santander , whose players staged on an on-pitch strike in protest at unpaid wages . They held their own for much of the match after Villa 's 12th of the season just before the break , but a late flurry by Atletico sealed the win to take them three points clear of Barca , who suffered a shock 3-2 home defeat to Valencia Saturday . Atletico manager Diego Simeone said he was proud of his team and their fans . "  When someone like Luis leaves us there is pain and sadness , but today the fans , the game and that silence for the first eight minutes before they sang his name moved me , " he told AFP . "  From above he would be wearing red and white and happy with the bravery we showed . " Real Madrid missed the chance to move within a point of their city rivals when held to a 1-1 draw at Athletic Bilbao later Sunday and suffered an even bigger setback as Cristiano Ronaldo was sent off . Ronaldo set up Jese for Real 's second half opener before Ibai Gomez equalized for the impressive hosts . Ronaldo was then dismissed after a tussle with home defender Carlos Gurpegi to leave his depleted team to hold on a for a point in the final few minutes .	Atletico Madrid top La Liga after 4-0 home win over Real Sociedad Tributes paid to Luis Aragones before the match in Vicente Calderon Aragones is a former Atletico player and coach Cristiano Ronaldo sent off as Real Madrid held by Athletic Bilbao
New York  CNN  -- The Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island will undergo renovations totaling more than $ 27 million beginning in late October , according to Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar . Liberty Island , where the iconic statue is located , will remain open during the yearlong project and views of Lady Liberty will remain largely unobstructed . "  Two years ago , when we reopened Lady Liberty 's crown to visitors for the first time since the September 11 attacks , I promised that we would continue to upgrade the interior to make it safer and more accessible for all , " Salazar said Wednesday . "  With today 's announcement , we are taking a major step in bringing a 19th century icon into the 21st century . " The National Park Service will keep the monument open to the public through the October 28 celebration of the 125th anniversary of the statue 's dedication . It will be closed the following day as work commences . The National Park Service awarded the work to Joseph A. Natoli Construction Corporation of Pine Brook , New Jersey , to install code-compliant stairways within the monument , refurbish mechanical , electrical and fire suppression systems , replace the elevators , and improve restrooms . The upgrades will also allow for increased visitor access to the monument , including the pedestal and the museum . Similar work will take place at facilities on Ellis Island , the entry point to the United States for millions of immigrants . The project will be funded through a combination of National Park Service appropriations and the park Concession Franchise Fee program . National Park Rangers will remain on site to provide tours of the grounds and history of the statue to visitors , said Jane Ahern , spokeswoman of the Statue of Liberty National Monument . Approximately 3.5 million people visit Liberty Island every year .	Yearlong upgrades to Lady Liberty and Ellis Island begin in late October Liberty Island will remain open to the public A gift from France , the Statue of Liberty was dedicated on October 28 , 1886 It was designated as a national monument in 1924 .
George Zimmerman , the neighborhood watch volunteer accused of wrongly killing Trayvon Martin , will not immediately have to turn over donations made to his website , a Florida judge said Friday . Zimmerman collected about $ 204,000 in donations through the website , but did not disclose the contributions during his bond hearing last week , according to his attorney , Mark O'Mara . Prosecutors had asked for a bond of $ 1 million , but Judge Kenneth Lester Jr. made it $ 150,000 after Zimmerman 's family testified they did not have the resources necessary to meet the higher level . Assistant State Attorney Bernie de la Rionda on Friday asked Lester to increase the bond in light of the donations . But the judge said he would delay ruling on the request , in part because he does not know if he has authority to say how the money can be used . Lester and O'Mara both said they are concerned about releasing the names of donors to Zimmerman , who has faced threats since the case began making national headlines in March . Zimmerman , 28 , was released Monday on $ 150,000 bail , 10 % of which was put up to secure his release while he awaits trial on a second-degree murder charge in Martin 's February 26 death . About $ 5,000 from the website contribution was used in making bond , O'Mara said . The rest came from a loan secured by a family home . Although Zimmerman spent some of the contributions on living expenses , about $ 150,000 remains , O'Mara said Friday . O'Mara said he has put the money into a trust he controls until a final decision is made about its use . Lester asked for additional information about the accounts but did not indicate when he would rule . "  I 'm not going to make a snap decision , " the judge said . Also during Friday 's hearing , Lester declined to consider a gag order requested by prosecutors , saying it was premature and that none of the attorneys in the case had said anything to concern him so far . CNN was among the media organizations opposing the motion . O'Mara said he learned about the money this week as he and Zimmerman were trying to shut down Zimmerman 's website , Facebook page and Twitter account to avoid concerns about possible impersonators and other problems . "  He asked me what to do with his PayPal accounts , and I asked him what he was talking about , " O'Mara told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Thursday . "  He said those were the accounts that had the money from the website he had . And there was about ... $ 204,000 that had come in to date . " O'Mara had said earlier this month that he believed Zimmerman had no money . Asked whether knowledge of the money might have made a difference to Lester , who presided at Zimmerman 's bond hearing , O'Mara said , "  It might have . " O'Mara could not explain why Zimmerman did n't disclose the funds , but said he did n't think his client had meant to deceive anyone . "  I consider it an oversight because I do n't see anything else that suggests that Mr. Zimmerman has been insincere or dishonest , " he told CNN 's Erin Burnett on Friday . "  The moment I asked him about it , he acknowledged it and forwarded the money . " Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump said Zimmerman 's failure to reveal that he had the money shows that he is being dishonest . "  If his testimony at the bond hearing is any indication of what is to come , then the lying has already begun , " Crump said . "  This is going to say a lot about whether Trayvon Martin can get a fair trial , " he told Burnett . "  If he  Lester  does n't revoke his bond , the court should severely sanction him so George Zimmerman understands you can not lie to the court . " Separately , the attorney said the Martin family has raised less than $ 100,000 in fund-raising efforts to date , and that the money collected will go toward the Trayvon Martin Foundation . Crump said his firm will not collect a fee in any of the criminal proceedings . "  If we collect any money , it will be from a civil lawsuit and not from any donor money , " he said . Zimmerman was arrested April 11 after a lengthy delay punctuated by protests and rallies nationwide calling for charges against him . Critics accuse Zimmerman of racially profiling and unjustly killing Martin , a 17-year-old African-American . Zimmerman told police he shot Martin in self-defense , according to police reports . Although details of the shooting remain murky , it is known that Martin ventured out from the Sanford , Florida , home of his father 's fiancee and went to a nearby convenience store , where he bought a bag of candy and an iced tea . On his way back , he had a confrontation with Zimmerman , who shot him . Zimmerman had called 911 to complain about a suspicious person in the neighborhood , according to authorities . In the call , Zimmerman said he was following Martin after the teen started to run , prompting the dispatcher to tell him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Zimmerman pursued Martin anyway but then said he lost sight of him . According to an Orlando Sentinel story later confirmed by Sanford police , Zimmerman told authorities that after he briefly lost track of Martin , the teen approached him . After the two exchanged words , Zimmerman said , he reached for his cell phone , and then Martin punched him in the nose . Zimmerman said Martin pinned him to the ground and began slamming his head onto the sidewalk , leading to the shooting . Police have said Zimmerman was not immediately charged because there was no evidence to disprove his account that he 'd acted in self-defense . A police report indicated he was bleeding from the nose and the back of his head . O'Mara on Friday revealed a new website , www.gzlegalcase.com , and another site , not yet live , that will host a defense fund . The only thing on the site Friday afternoon was a statement about the donations . Regardless of what happens to the contributions , O'Mara intends to open a legal defense fund for his client , he said . "  I 've had dozens , hundreds actually , of people wanting to donate , " he said Thursday . O'Mara , who said he charges $ 400 per hour for family law cases , estimated Zimmerman 's defense costs could reach $ 1 million . "  You can really go through a lot of money on a case like this , with the intensity of it , " he said .	George Zimmerman wo n't be required to immediately hand over website contributions Prosecutors had asked judge to consider raising Zimmerman 's $ 150,000 bond Judge Kenneth Lester says he needs to find out more about the account before ruling Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the death of Trayvon Martin
It 's the cup of brandy that no one wants to drink . On Tuesday , in Fort Walton Beach , Florida , the surviving Doolittle Raiders will gather publicly for the last time . They once were among the most universally admired and revered men in the United States . There were 80 of the Raiders in April 1942 , when they carried out one of the most courageous and heart-stirring military operations in this nation 's history . The mere mention of their unit 's name , in those years , would bring tears to the eyes of grateful Americans . Now only four survive . After Japan 's sneak attack on Pearl Harbor , with the United States reeling and wounded , something dramatic was needed to turn the war effort around . Even though there were no friendly airfields close enough to Japan for the United States to launch a retaliation , a daring plan was devised . Sixteen B-25s were modified so that they could take off from the deck of an aircraft carrier . This had never before been tried -- sending such big , heavy bombers from a carrier . The 16 five-man crews , under the command of Lt. Col. James Doolittle , who himself flew the lead plane off the USS Hornet , knew that they would not be able to return to the carrier . They would have to hit Japan and then hope to make it to China for a safe landing . But on the day of the raid , the Japanese military caught wind of the plan . The Raiders were told that they would have to take off from much farther out in the Pacific Ocean than they had counted on . They were told that because of this they would not have enough fuel to make it to safety . And those men went anyway . They bombed Tokyo , and then flew as far as they could . Four planes crash-landed ; 11 more crews bailed out , and three of the Raiders died . Eight more were captured ; three were executed . Another died of starvation in a Japanese prison camp . One crew made it to Russia . The Doolittle Raid sent a message from the United States to its enemies , and to the rest of the world : We will fight . And , no matter what it takes , we will win . Of the 80 Raiders , 62 survived the war . They were celebrated as national heroes , models of bravery . Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer produced a motion picture based on the raid ; "  Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo , " starring Spencer Tracy and Van Johnson , was a patriotic and emotional box-office hit , and the phrase became part of the national lexicon . In the movie-theater previews for the film , MGM proclaimed that it was presenting the story "  with supreme pride . " Beginning in 1946 , the surviving Raiders have held a reunion each April , to commemorate the mission . The reunion is in a different city each year . In 1959 , the city of Tucson , Arizona , as a gesture of respect and gratitude , presented the Doolittle Raiders with a set of 80 silver goblets . Each goblet was engraved with the name of a Raider . Every year , a wooden display case bearing all 80 goblets is transported to the reunion city . Each time a Raider passes away , his goblet is turned upside down in the case at the next reunion , as his old friends bear solemn witness . Also in the wooden case is a bottle of 1896 Hennessy Very Special cognac . The year is not happenstance : 1896 was when Jimmy Doolittle was born . There has always been a plan : When there are only two surviving Raiders , they would open the bottle , at last drink from it , and toast their comrades who preceded them in death . As 2013 began , there were five living Raiders ; then , in February , Tom Griffin passed away at age 96 . The name may be familiar to those of you who regularly read this column ; in 2011 , I wrote about the role Mr. Griffin played at his son 's wedding . What a man he was . After bailing out of his plane over a mountainous Chinese forest after the Tokyo raid , he became ill with malaria , and almost died . When he recovered , he was sent to Europe to fly more combat missions . He was shot down , captured , and spent 22 months in a German prisoner of war camp . The selflessness of these men , the sheer guts ... there was a passage in the Cincinnati Enquirer obituary for Mr. Griffin that , on the surface , had nothing to do with the war , but that emblematizes the depth of his sense of duty and devotion : "  When his wife became ill and needed to go into a nursing home , he visited her every day . He walked from his house to the nursing home , fed his wife and at the end of the day brought home her clothes . At night , he washed and ironed her clothes . Then he walked them up to her room the next morning . He did that for three years until her death in 2005 . " So now , out of the original 80 , only four Raiders remain : Dick Cole  Doolittle 's co-pilot on the Tokyo raid  , Robert Hite , Edward Saylor and David Thatcher . All are in their 90s . They have decided that there are too few of them for the public reunions to continue . The events in Fort Walton Beach this week will mark the end . It has come full circle ; Florida 's nearby Eglin Field was where the Raiders trained in secrecy for the Tokyo mission . The town is planning to do all it can to honor the men : a six-day celebration of their valor , including luncheons , a dinner and a parade . Do the men ever wonder if those of us for whom they helped save the country have tended to it in a way that is worthy of their sacrifice ? They do n't talk about that , at least not around other people . But if you find yourself near Fort Walton Beach this week , and if you should encounter any of the Raiders , you might want to offer them a word of thanks . I can tell you from firsthand observation that they appreciate hearing that they are remembered . The men have decided that after this final public reunion they will wait until a later date -- some time this year -- to get together once more , informally and in absolute privacy . That is when they will open the bottle of brandy . The years are flowing by too swiftly now ; they are not going to wait until there are only two of them . They will fill the four remaining upturned goblets . And raise them in a toast to those who are gone .	Bob Greene : This week , the few remaining Doolittle Raiders will reunite In 1942 the 80 men bombed Tokyo in death-defying mission , retaliation for Pearl Harbor A case of 80 goblets is brought to their annual reunions . When a Raider dies a cup is upended This year , there are four left . They 'll toast the Raiders with aged cognac , and end reunions
CNN  -- The 20-year-old student accused in a stabbing rampage at a Texas college campus told investigators he had fantasies of killing people and had planned the attack , sheriff 's officials said late Tuesday . Dylan Quick , 20 , was charged with three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon after the stabbings , said Donna Hawkins , an official with the Harris County Prosecutor 's Office . "  According to the statement the suspect voluntarily gave investigators , he has had fantasies of stabbing people to death since he was in elementary school , " a statement from the Harris County Sheriff 's Office said . "  He also indicated that he has been planning this incident for some time . " Quick used "  a razor-type knife " to stab victims at the Lone Star College 's CyFair campus Tuesday , the sheriff office 's statement said . Fourteen people were injured in the attack , officials said . Two of them remained hospitalized in critical condition late Tuesday , said Kathryn Klein , a spokeswoman for the Memorial Hermann Texas Trauma Institute . Witnesses of the attack at the campus northwest of Houston described a chaotic scene . Bleeding victims collapsed to the ground . Many students and teachers ran for cover . Some sprang into action , chasing after the suspect and helping the wounded . Cassie Foe was in the school 's nursing lab when she heard a scream coming from the hallway . Moments later , the nursing student put her training into action , placing pressure on a wound in a stabbing victim 's neck as an attacker went on a rampage at the Lone Star College 's CyFair campus . "  It just seemed like he was just going around , basically getting whoever was more open and easiest for him to reach , " Foe told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday . Steven Maida said he saw so many people swarming that he thought it was a campus tour . Then , he saw them running and heard someone say : "  My friend 's been stabbed . " Maida said he saw blood on a stairway and several injured victims . One wounded woman had a hole in her throat , one had a hole in her cheek and another victim had a stab wound in the back of his head , Maida said . "  I just took off downstairs running , " he said . Finding the attacker was his goal , he said . Maida told CNN he was among a group of students that chased the suspect , tackled him and pinned him down until authorities arrived . "  I could n't run the other way like everyone else was , " he said . Authorities could not be reached immediately to confirm Maida 's account . Earlier Tuesday , Harris County Sheriff 's Deputy Thomas Gilliland said authorities received an initial report that the suspect had been wrestled to the ground by a student before campus police arrested him . Garcia said a call came in to 911 Tuesday morning describing a "  male on the loose stabbing people " at the school . At least one injured victim had what appeared to be the blade of a box cutter or an X-Acto knife sticking out of her cheek , student Melody Vinton told CNN affiliate KHOU . Vinton said she had just left her chemistry class when she saw the attacker stabbing people , aiming at their necks and faces . Soon , she was trying to help victims , ripping a paper towel dispenser off a bathroom wall to get enough paper to help stem the bleeding . "  I turned around and there was just blood . Just blood dripping down the stairs , all over the floor , all over everyone 's towels on their necks , just a lot of blood , " told KHOU . "  There 's no humanity in that . Just to see another human being do that was more traumatic than anything . " Another student , 19-year-old Maya Khalil , snapped photos of the chaos as it unfolded , posting pictures on Twitter that showed a bandaged student on a stretcher and police and paramedics swarming the scene . "  It was really scary , " she told CNN . Most of the victims had lacerations in their head and neck areas , said Robert Rasa , a spokesman for the CyFair Volunteer Fire Department . "  We were literally going from building to building , room to room , looking for patients , setting up triage , " he said . The school was on lockdown Tuesday afternoon while authorities combed the campus to ensure no other injured people or attackers were there , Harris County sheriff 's spokesman Alan Bernstein said . While authorities investigated , teachers and students huddled together in locked rooms , said Marianna Sviland , a teacher at the college who was in a faculty workroom at the time of the stabbing . "  Outside the window , I saw cops running around , I saw students running and I realized something was going on , " she said . "  It was scary . " By 2 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  , students and staff were allowed to leave campus , Sviland said . Details about the victim 's injuries were unclear Tuesday afternoon . Bernstein said it was n't clear whether all of the injured people were stabbed . "  It 's possible other people were running away " and became injured that way , he said . Four injured victims "  were in a dire enough situation that they were taken out on helicopters , " Bernstein said . "  I do believe the confrontation was limited to a few  classrooms  or just one classroom -- not anybody roaming around and getting into a large number of areas , " Bernstein said . The school posted a warning on its website : "  Stay away from the area . Seek shelter in a secure location until the incident is resolved . " The campus was scheduled to reopen for classes Wednesday morning . Officials said counselors would be speaking with faculty and students . Tuesday 's incident comes more than two months after three people were wounded in a shooting at a different Lone Star College campus -- the North Harris campus in Houston . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Chandler Friedman , Jason Morris , Ed Lavandera , Greg Botelho , Paul Caron , Chuck Johnston , Ashley Fantz and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : Sheriff : The suspect told investigators he fantasized about stabbing Dylan Quick , 20 , is charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon A group of students chased , tackled and pinned down the suspect , one witness says 14 people are injured and 2 are in critical condition after the attack
CNN  -- World No. 2 Rafael Nadal has crashed out of the ATP World Tour Finals after suffering his second group-stage defeat in London on Thursday . Needing to beat Jo-Wilfried Tsonga to go through to Saturday 's semifinals as Group B runner-up behind Roger Federer , the Spaniard went down 7-6  7-2  4-6 in pulsating clash with the sixth-ranked Frenchman . Tsonga is next likely to face unbeaten Spaniard David Ferrer , who plays Tomas Berdych in his last Group A match on Friday . Ferrer has already qualified , and most permutations will see him go through as group winner no matter the result of that match . Berdych will qualify ahead of world No. 1 Novak Djokovic if he wins in straight sets . Federer : Strike talk is ` nonsense ' Djokovic can still make it if he wins in two sets against fellow Serbian Janko Tipsarevic -- who is standing in for the injured Andy Murray -- and Berdych loses a set . Federer had already qualified as Group B winner before beating Mardy Fish 6-1 3-6 6-3 in Thursday 's opening match , handing the eighth-ranked American a third successive defeat in his debut at the tournament . Tsonga tested Federer in the tournament 's opening match on Sunday before losing in three sets to the defending champion , who is seeking to win a record sixth title . Rihanna to Rafa : Tennis gets popstar makeover The 26-year-old brushed off Fish in straight sets on Tuesday before Federer thrashed Nadal 6-3 6-0 to leave second place up for grabs . Tsonga , making his first finals appearance in three years , had a 2-6 record against Nadal but took full advantage of the 10-time grand slam champion 's apparent end-of-season fatigue as his aggressive approach paid dividends . The Spaniard looked like he might save the match as he bounced back with familiar fist-pumping power in the second set , but Tsonga 's booming serve and acrobatic ability kept him out front in the decider . He promptly celebrated with his trademark victory dance , having improved on his 2008 debut in Shanghai when he lost twice but beat Djokovic . Earlier that year Tsonga defeated Nadal in the semifinals of the Australian Open , then lost to Djokovic in the title match . Nadal ended his 2011 season with a 67-15 record , winning one grand slam but losing his top ranking to Djokovic as the 24-year-old triumphed in the other three .	Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beats world No. 2 Rafael Nadal in decisive Group B clash Frenchman claims semifinal place alongside group winner Roger Federer Defending champion Federer earlier defeated American No. 8 Mardy Fish World No. 1 Novak Djokovic will seek to earn a last-four place on Friday
Minneapolis , Minnesota  CNN  -- Ten minutes ago a woman called me and told me she was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer . As I 'm standing in the garage , writing her story onto the huge canvas with the others , the only audible sound was my sharpie scraping against the paper , but her voice never stopped spinning in my mind . Telling a story is like an invitation for others to share their stories with you . That 's what I discovered at TED when I shared my story about a limitation that held me back from my dream . After delivering my talk , I found myself constantly being stopped by people eager to share their stories , as hearing mine made them reflect on their own struggles , triumphs , hopes and fears . This sharing experience stuck with me , and now two months later , I 'm in the midst of receiving thousands of stories through my current art project . I had the idea to crowdsource stories about facing limitations . These stories are written onto the canvas , and collectively they create my current art piece . What started out as connecting with people through a work of art quickly turned into a documentation of our modern culture . If we either rewind or fast forward 1000 years , many of these stories would still be relatable . No matter how individualized our stories are , and no matter how much times have changed , we share the same core human experiences in faith , self-identity , health , addiction , love , loss , etc. . TED.com : How I became 100 artists Here are two stories that have been shared : "  On paper , I have the perfect life . I 'm married to a man who loves me more than I deserve , beautiful , healthy children , and a great career . But I 'm in love with someone else that I ca n't be with and it impairs me every day . " "  I was 14 and my mom and I were in a really bad place . We had just gone through a messy divorce from an abusive marriage . She had also been diagnosed with breast and skin cancer and we were very worried about how we would pay for the medical costs without her job . Our faith was slipping . We were standing in line at a pharmacy , we both had pneumonia . This really nice elderly women was in line behind us and my mom let her go in front of us and the woman introduced herself , and put her hands over us and started praying , right in the middle of the Pharmacy . My mom got a check from the insurance company a few weeks later . A few months after that she was hired at a new job . She is currently in her 8th year of breast cancer remission and her 3rd year of skin cancer remission . My faith has been renewed and we could not be in a better place . My mother is my hero . " TED.com : The painter and the pendulum There are also many stories that encapsulate our society and culture at this very moment -- from the first openly gay couple being able to adopt in Florida , to the innumerable amount of people struggling with obesity , to the increasing number of parents raising autistic children . What stands out to me the most is that given the opportunity for anonymity in this project , many people are brutally honest about how lonely they truly are in their experiences , thinking no one could possibly know what they 're going through . TED.com : Arthur Ganson 's moving sculpture Within this wired culture , we 've become edited versions of ourselves . We may tweet , "  Just got a Pepsi , new bottle design . Sweet ! " but we do n't say , "  I 'm sad and alone . I had no one to talk to so I went to the store to chat with the clerk while buying a Pepsi . " I ca n't help but wonder , what 's the cost of becoming our "  edited " selves instead of our authentic selves ? We should n't share just gumdrops and butterflies , because the hearty and rocky parts are what help us find our authentic selves . This slice of life , our lives , that are being captured in this piece are still ongoing and developing . What will continue to come out of it ? I do n't know , but I wait with fascination and a tired writing hand . What 's your story ? Share it and be part of art at philinthecircle.com . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Phil Hansen .	Phil Hansen gave a TED Talk describing how a shake led him to different forms of art In new project , people describe their limitations and he writes them onto a huge canvas Hansen : A project that began with goal of connecting people is also a portrait of our cultue
CNN  -- For Thomas Tugend , there was no doubt which side he was fighting for as a young infantryman in Europe in World War II . Actually , the choice was made for him in 1933 , when he was just a child . Born in Germany , Tugend lived a comfortable , upper-middle class life in Berlin . His father , Gustav , was a loyal and patriotic German who had fought in World War I and was a decorated officer in the German army . He was also a successful doctor , leaving Thomas with few worries during his childhood in Berlin . Like many of his schoolmates , Thomas was an avid soccer player who gave little thought to the political storm brewing around him . Everything changed in 1933 when Adolf Hitler and the Nazi party came to power . That the Tugend family was successful , educated and loyal Germans no longer meant anything . To the new German government , the Tugends were Jews -- and that was all that mattered . Still , the family remained in a state on denial about the danger they faced because , as Thomas Tugend later said , "  for us , the oppression came gradually , not all at once . " The Tugend 's longtime nanny , a mother figure to young Thomas , was forced to leave because of a government edict prohibiting non-Jewish Germans from working in Jewish homes . Then , Thomas ' father was told he could no longer treat non-Jewish patients . Shortly thereafter , the elder Tugend was summarily fired from his job in the pediatrics department of a prominent Berlin hospital . As a result , the Tugend family was forced to move from their comfortable home to a poorer part of the city . "  It was little things at first , and people would say , ` Well , we can live with that , ' and then another more stringent law would pass and people would say , ` This is n't ideal , but things will get better , ' " Tugend said . By 1937 , Tugend 's father had no illusions about what was happening . He left Germany for the United States via England with the help of old friends from an American Quaker group . The elder Tugend had worked with them on health issues related to childhood poverty in Germany after World War I . As soon as he was able , Thomas ' father sent for his family . "  He told my mother to forget the furniture and pack up what she could and get out , " Tugend said . In May 1939 , Tugend , his sister and their mother entered the United States as refugees . Four months later , the Germans invaded Poland . "  The reason so many German Jews did n't leave when they had the chance was because they could n't believe what was happening , " Tugend said . "  They thought Hitler would get what he wanted and there would be no war and things would get back to normal . The Holocaust was unimaginable at the time . " Despite their escape , Tugend said his father was never the same . The whole experience "  broke him , spiritually and physically , " he said . By 1944 , the war was raging in Europe and 18-year-old Thomas was attending high school in the United States . He was raring to join the fight . And he admits his family 's tragic experience was only part of the motivation . "  I could n't wait to get away from home , " he said . An adventurous spirit mixed with a touch of wanderlust led him to enlist in the U.S. Army . "  Even then I knew the historical significance of the war and I wanted to be a part of it , " he said . "  I had a personal reason to fight the Nazis that most Americans did n't . " Tugend was assigned to the Army 's 63rd Infantry Division . He was worried he might be shipped off to the Pacific , but fate was on his side -- Pvt. Thomas Tugend was sent to France , where he faced his former countrymen in battle . Tugend said he tried not to dwell on the fact that he was fighting his former friends . "  As long as I was just an infantryman , they were shooting at us , we were shooting at them , that 's all you think about , " he said . Once the Army found out Tugend spoke fluent German , his commanders created a new job for him . At the end of the war , Tugend was tasked with finding members of the Nazi party who were thought to be cooking up a post-war insurgency . "  Every town and village I went to , " Tugend said , "  I would be told , ` No , I 'm not a Nazi . But my neighbor , he 's a Nazi , ' and then the neighbor would say , ` No , no , no . I 'm not a Nazi . ' There was n't a Nazi left in Germany . " After some villagers led Tugend to an elderly blind man who was proud to admit his affiliation with the Nazi Party , Tugend returned to his headquarters and proclaimed , "  I found the only Nazi in Germany ! " Tugend may have harbored resentment toward the people who betrayed his family and allowed the murder of 6 million Jews , but on a personal , face-to-face level , he found it difficult to hate them . "  You have to understand , the average German may have known what the Nazis were up to , but I think most of them were just trying to survive , " he said . "  You would go to some of these bombed-out villages and they had suffered so much , I could n't hate them . It was n't like they were the Goebbels or the Goerings . ... We had no pity for the SS . Those were the real bastards . " Tugend left the Army soon after the war 's end , but he was n't finished fighting . He joined the Israeli Army and led an anti-tank crew during the 1948 War of Independence . He was later recalled by the U.S. Army to serve in the Korean War . Instead of going to the front lines , however , he was assigned to run an Army newspaper out of the Presidio in San Francisco . Upon leaving the Army , he became a career journalist working for the San Francisco Chronicle and The Los Angeles Times , and as a science writer and a communications director at UCLA . And age has n't stopped Tugend from pounding away at the keyboard . He still writes for several different publications , including The Jerusalem Post and The Jewish Journal of Greater Los Angeles . After all these years , Tugend is philosophical about his family 's escape from certain death at the hands of the Nazis , and his time as an infantryman at war . "  There were a number of instances in my life where by all the odds I should have been killed , " he said . "  It just gives me a sense of the utter random chance of life . "	Thomas Tugend fled Nazi Germany with his family for America At 18 , he enlisted in the U.S. Army to fight against his homeland After the war , he joined the Israeli Army and led an anti-tank crew He was later recalled by the U.S. Army to serve in the Korean War
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- The imprisoned leader of the Nigerian militant group MEND has accepted an unconditional amnesty offer from the government , his lawyer said Friday . "  The president has ordered his release , and we are hoping he will be released very soon , " Wilson Ajuwaand said , referring to his client , Henry Okah . "  We have briefed him on the amnesty and are now working out the details . " CNN could not independently verify the lawyer 's information , and Nigerian President Umaru Yar ` Adua could not be reached for comment . Yar ` Adua made the amnesty offer to Okah in June . Okah , who had been MEND 's main arms smuggler , was arrested in September 2007 in the Angolan capital , Luanda . He was later extradited to Nigeria and has been in prison since then . "  We support Henry Okah 's decision to accept any deal that will ensure his early release to attend to his failing health under the current circumstances , " said Jomo Gbomo , a MEND spokesman . "  Since he has no weapons to surrender , the deal should be a straightforward one . " An International Crisis Group report in April about the conflict between government forces and militants in the oil-rich Niger Delta said Okah is accused of treason , terrorism and kidnapping . His lawyers and relatives say he needs kidney treatment not available in Nigeria , the report said . MEND has declared an "  all-out war " on the government , demanding a fairer distribution of oil wealth in the Niger Delta . The group wants oil revenue reinvested in the region instead of enriching those the militants consider corrupt politicians . Many of MEND 's attacks have been aimed at oil and gas installations in the region . Okah 's release had been a key demand of MEND before they accept any government amnesty offer . After receiving news of Okah 's acceptance of the government officer , MEND issued a statement . "  The recent appointment of Mr. Timi Alaibe as the special adviser to the president on Niger Delta-Nigeria-MEND-Amnesty affairs by the Nigerian government is a humble and welcome development that is in line with the two-pronged approach of our current campaign , " the statement said . "  With this channel of communication finally opened , MEND will put together its ... team of frank negotiators to pass our demands and expectations to the president through Mr. Alaibe , a man we respect and can work with . " From CNN 's Christian Purefoy .	Henry Okah , MEND 's main arms smuggler , was arrested in September 2007 Okah is accused of treason , terrorism and kidnapping Lawyers , relatives say he needs kidney treatment not available in Nigeria
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan must decide by March 23 if she will accept a plea deal that would send her to jail or move closer to a trial in the necklace theft case , a judge told the actress Thursday . Lohan would return to Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Keith Schwartz 's courtroom on March 25 if she is ready to plead guilty or no contest to the felony grand theft charge . Otherwise , a preliminary hearing will be held April 22 before another judge , Schwartz said . Lohan 's defense lawyer , Shawn Holley , must tell the court of her client 's decision at least two days before the next hearing , he said . Judge Stephanie Sautner , who would hear the case in the event of a trial , would also consider the matter of Lohan 's probation violation at the April hearing , Schwartz said . The actress faces possible jail time for violating her probation for a drunk driving arrest because of the theft charge . Schwartz told Lohan at a hearing last month that any plea deal would involve jail time . "  If you plead in front of me , you are going to jail , period ! " he said during the February 23 hearing . Holley previously said her client would welcome a plea deal , but only if it did not involve going to jail . Thursday 's hearing marked Lohan 's ninth court hearing in 10 months . The actress is accused of walking out with a $ 2,500 necklace from Kamofie and Company , a jewelry store in Venice , California , on January 22 . The case against Lohan took another twist this week when the jewelry store sold the rights to the security video of Lohan -- which is key to the prosecution -- to the Associated Press for an undisclosed price . "  We hope that everyone understands that this is beyond our control , the flood of the requests to see this video were simply too overwhelming , " a representative for the store said Tuesday . "  It was truly necessary to put it out . " The store owners said Wednesday they will auction off the necklace and donate the proceeds to charity . "  Sofia Kaman would rather the money go to help an appropriate charity , since at least that way some good can result from this incident , " the store said . The auction will have to wait until the case is resolved , since the necklace is being held as evidence by prosecutors , the store said . The felony grand theft charge triggered a charge that Lohan violated her probation for a 2007 drunk driving conviction . The actress is free on bond on the probation violation and the grand theft charge while her lawyer and the prosecutor discuss a plea deal , or until a full hearing . The penalty for a felony grand theft conviction ranges from 16 months to three years in a California state prison . The exact term would be based on the value of the property stolen and the criminal record of the defendant . Shoplifting offenses are charged as petty theft if the property taken is valued at less than $ 950 . The store owner claims the "  one of a kind " necklace is worth $ 2,500 , police said . CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	NEW : Lindsay Lohan will return to court March 25 if she accepts a plea deal NEW : If a deal is not reached , the case will go to another judge April 22 Actress is accused of stealing a necklace from a jewelry store The store says it will sell the necklace at auction
CNN  It 's been a tough month for the "  Islamic State . " Its fighters were finally driven out of the Syrian border town of Kobani after more than 100 days of fighting against Kurdish militia ; Iraqi government forces pushed ISIS back in Diyala province ; the city of Mosul -- still under ISIS control -- is beginning to look vulnerable . And airstrikes have taken a toll on the group 's infrastructure and field commanders . Its ability to win the release of a jailed jihadist in Jordan or the ability of its followers in Libya to attack a Tripoli hotel may provide brief propaganda boons , but they do n't affect the fundamentals on the ground . Nor will its attempts to export terror to Europe . But lest anyone declare victory , predictions of ISIS ' demise are wildly optimistic . ISIS still controls some 50,000 square kilometers of Iraq as well as up to 30 % of Syrian territory and at least 10 % of its population . To the west of Baghdad , it is still on the offensive in Anbar , and recently raided checkpoints on the Iraqi-Saudi border . Pentagon spokesman Rear Admiral John Kirby said last week : "  We 're only six to seven months into this thing ... This is going to be a long struggle . " A senior official at the U.S. State Department echoed Kirby 's line this week , saying ISIS ' expulsion from Kobani is part of the "  early phase of a multi-year campaign . " ISIS is "  a very adaptive organization , " the official said -- and terms like "  turning point " were to be avoided . Even so , there 's quite a contrast between September , when U.S. officials said the fall of Kobani to ISIS seemed inevitable , and Kurds celebrating on the city 's streets this week . ISIS chose Kobani as a symbol of its virility , even sending hostage John Cantile there to make a video about the group 's inevitable victory . Kobani was a recruitment poster in ISIS ' efforts to draw more foreign fighters to the Caliphate . ISIS continued to reinforce its presence in the town despite constant airstrikes . General John Allen , U.S. coordinator of the campaign against ISIS , said in November that the group had "  impaled itself " on Kobani . The State Department official said ISIS ' losses there -- likely running into four figures -- could help counter the messaging that has attracted foreign fighters . "  A narrative of inevitable glory and conquest " had been replaced by images of bodies left on the streets , the official said . A growing number of those foreign fighters may also be disillusioned after several months of airstrikes . Setbacks in Kobani and elsewhere have led to a stream of deserters , dozens of whom have been executed according to local activists cited by the Syrian Observatory on Human Rights . Analysts say one trend in coming months may be a stream of disillusioned foreigners trying to escape ISIS territory . In Iraq a leading expert on ISIS , Hisham Al Hashimi , told CNN that ISIS has now lost ground in several areas and needs to regroup . Torbjorn Soltvedt , a senior analyst at consultancy Verisk Maplecroft , agrees that ISIS is on the back foot in Iraq , relying more on classic insurgency tactics such as roadside bombs and unable to move in force because of the threat of airstrikes . Among its latest reverses , ISIS has lost control over a number of villages in the province of Diyala , north-east of Baghdad . Iraqi troops and Shia militia known as Popular Mobilization Units launched an offensive last week to retake ISIS ' last strongholds around Muqdadiyah -- 50 miles  80km  from the capital . According to Iraqi commanders , the whole province of Diyala is now back in government hands , after several months of intermittent battles . Soltvedt says it became increasingly difficult for ISIS to sustain its supply lines in the region . The key prize for all sides in Iraq remains Mosul , a city of 1.5 million people on the Tigris river , held by ISIS since last June . ISIS has invested heavily in governing the city ; its leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi pronounced his leadership of the Caliphate at the Grand Mosque there last July . For their part , Kurdish officials say that as long as ISIS holds Mosul , it threatens Kurdistan . Likewise , neither the government in Baghdad nor its coalition partners can rest while terrorists occupy Iraq 's second-largest city . Peshmerga forces have made steady progress against ISIS north and west of Mosul over the last two months . They have taken some 3,000 square kilometers of the Sinjar area , as well as the area around the Mosul dam , choking off access routes and threatening ISIS ' main resupply route to Syria . To the south , Iraqi forces ' gains around Baiji have also restricted ISIS ' freedom of movement . The Institute for the Study of War  ISW  , which studies military activity in Iraq and Syria , says ISIS is preparing to dig a defensive trench around Mosul , and has blown up a bridge on a key western approach . ISW also reports an increase in executions by ISIS across Nineveh province , where Mosul is located , which it sees as further evidence "  ISIS is feeling pressured by internal resistance in the province . "  There is anecdotal evidence of resistance across the border in Syria too ; a senior ISIS police official who had supervised executions was himself found beheaded in Deir Ezzor early in January . There had been talk of a January offensive to retake Mosul , but any assault now seems many weeks away . Kirby told CNN 's Barbara Starr Tuesday that the timing could not be predicted "  but obviously we 're working closely with Iraqi security forces on helping them better understand the challenges " of an assault on Mosul . Iraqi units are already fully occupied elsewhere -- notably in Anbar province , where ISIS threatens Ramadi and other areas . An assault on Mosul would have to be meticulously co-ordinated from several different directions , informed by good intelligence and supported from the air . A massive intelligence-gathering effort is already under way , according to analysts . Even so , Mosul 's remaining residents are predominantly Sunni Arabs and would be wary of Kurdish and Shia militia , so regular forces from the reconstituted Iraqi army would likely have to take the lead . The recent history of urban warfare in Iraq should give pause , analysts say , recalling the brutal battles to evict al Qaeda from Fallujah in 2004 . Soltvedt says an uprising from within is much preferable to an assault from without , and some observers predict any operation to retake Mosul would n't happen until early summer . Another problem for ISIS is that coalition airstrikes and ground operations by Iraqi and Peshmerga forces appear to be whittling away ISIS ' commanders -- even if claims by some US officials that half of ISIS ' leadership has been taken out appear optimistic . Among prominent casualties reported by Iraqi and Kurdish officials in the past two months are ISIS ' governor for Anbar province , Abu Anas Samarraie , and Abu Muslim al-Turkmani , a member of ISIS ' Shura Council , its highest policy-making body . Soltvedt says some of ISIS ' most seasoned fighters have also left Iraq -- some returning to Libya , for example . More importantly , he says , there is only a finite pool of skilled military commanders -- some of them former officers in Saddam Hussein 's army , and "  they will have a problem replacing them " if they are killed . Even where ISIS suffers defeat , there is no guarantee the Iraqi government can secure and hold territory . The prominent role of Shia militia may yet make it difficult for Baghdad to pacify areas after ISIS retreats . During the Diyala offensive , the militia killed some 70 Sunni civilians , a local member of Parliament , Nahida al-Daini , told Reuters . Others claimed the militia had burned down houses and mosques . The Iraqi Interior Ministry denied the claims , but it 's not the first time these militia have been accused of atrocities during military offensives -- and that may weaken the readiness of Sunni tribes to help the government against ISIS . The Iraqi government has proposed bringing the militia under the umbrella of a National Guard . Oil Minister Adel Abdul Mahdi wrote on his Facebook page that it would "  be possible to organize the -LSB- Shia -RSB- Popular Mobilization forces , the -LSB- Sunni -RSB- Sons of Iraq and the Peshmerga under the umbrella of the National Guard , knowing that the main goal of the latter is to prevent the emergence of militias , put all the weapons under the supervision of the state and provide backup forces when needed . " But there is plenty of resistance to the idea because such militia have often been the best guarantee of a community 's security . In areas it liberates , the Iraqi government will have to provide security , rehabilitation and effective governance to people who -- with good reason -- do n't believe Baghdad can provide any of the above . ISIS also benefits from being able to use both Syrian and Iraqi territory as the battlefield shifts . While under pressure in northern Iraq , its forces can regroup across the border in Syria 's Hasaka province . It can also use the frontier from Deir Ezzor into Iraq 's Anbar province , "  where it enjoys real strategic depth and the Iraqi army struggles with long supply lines , " says Soltvedt . It has even begun to probe the Iraqi-Saudi border . ISIS also controls a number of small oil fields and an arsenal of weaponry captured in both Iraq and Syria . And it still has money . Iraqi Finance Minister Hoshyar Zebari told Reuters he estimates ISIS has looted $ 456 million from banks in Mosul , Tikrit and Baiji since June . And it has set up a rudimentary taxation system in the main cities it controls , as well as a fearsome intelligence apparatus . But ISIS is finding the job of controlling much harder than that of attacking . It has needed an expensive and labor-intensive mix of coercion , intimidation and policing to run Mosul , where the Iraqi government still pays the bulk of state employees ' salaries . Under pressure on several fronts , "  ISIS now has to think very carefully about where it puts its forces , " says Soltvedt . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Laura Koran and Raja Razek contributed to this report .	ISIS fighters have been driven out of Kobani in Syria and pushed back in Iraq But the group still controls large areas of Iraq and Syria Experts say the fight against ISIS is likely to take several years
CNN  -- Disgraced former NFL star Michael Vick declared that "  I am not the bad person or the beast I 've been made out to be " in a letter to a judge asking for leniency . Michael Vick wrote he was "  forever a changed man . " "  I have been talked about and ridiculed on a day to day basis by people who really do n't know Michael Vick the human being . They only knew the football player which is unfair , " Vick said in a handwritten letter released this week . U.S. District Judge Henry E. Hudson sentenced Vick on Monday to serve 23 months in prison for financing a dogfighting ring and helping to kill pit bulls that did not fight aggressively . Vick wrote the judge that he had accepted responsibility for his actions , would pay restitution and never again use "  a single dollar that I have earned for anything but to help people . " Read letters from Vick , his mom , sports stars " The former Atlanta Falcons quarterback said he grew up not knowing the severity of the crime of dogfighting and asked Hudson for "  a second chance . " Other letters supporting Vick were sent by his mother , his seventh-grade teacher and children he had met since becoming a star and one of the NFL 's most highly paid players . Brenda Vick Boddie said her son fell victim to friends who took advantage of Vick 's inability to "  say no . " "  PLEASE Your HONOR give my baby Michael another chance . -LSB- H -RSB- e 's never been in trouble with the law before , PLEASE ! PLEASE ! one more chance , " she pleaded in her own handwritten letter . Former Falcons teammate Warrick Dunn , Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin and two sporting legends -- former home-run king Hank Aaron and former two-time boxing heavyweight champion George Foreman -- also wrote letters on Vick 's behalf . E-mail to a friend	Michael Vick wrote five-page letter to judge seeking leniency Former NFL star said he was wrong and promised to make amends Vick 's mom , Atlanta mayor and sports legends also sent letters to judge Vick sentenced Monday to 23 months in prison in dogfighting case
CNN  -- A state judge struck down Colorado 's ban on same-sex marriage on Wednesday , but he prevented gay and lesbian couples from immediately marrying by staying his decision . "  The court holds that the marriage bans violate plaintiffs ' due process and equal protection guarantees under the Fourteenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , " Judge C. Scott Crabtree wrote . Crabtree also ruled that same-sex marriages performed out-of-state should be recognized in Colorado and that having "  civil unions " instead of marriages "  is further evidence of discrimination against same-sex couples . " While the judge clearly came down in favor of allowing same-sex couples to marry , he did not give the go-ahead for such marriages to occur right away . His rationale is the "  final chapter of this undoubtedly has to be written in either Denver , Colorado , or Washington , DC " and that "  it will take time for this issue to be finally resolved . " "  The court finds that a stay is necessary to avoid the instability and uncertainty which would result in the state of Colorado if the court did not stay its ruling and for the orderly administration of justice , " said Crabtree , ordering his own judgment to be "  stayed pending a resolution of this matter on appeal . " Crabtree is the latest judge to rule same-sex marriage prohibitions -- like the one in Colorado 's state constitution -- should not stand . Most of those rulings have come from federal judges in the year after the U.S. Supreme Court 's landmark U.S. v. Windsor ruling . While these decisions have been one-sided in favor of gay and lesbian couples pushing for marriage on par with opposite-sex couples , most of them have been stayed as appeals work through the system . The U.S. Supreme Court has n't decided when or , even , if it might consider whether same-sex marriage bans in individual states should be allowed . Utah wants Supreme Court to back its same-sex marriage ban Same-sex marriages put on hold in Indiana by federal appeals court Judge rules Kentucky 's same-sex marriage ban unconstitutional	Colorado judge rules against his state 's same-sex marriage ban He says it violates gay and lesbians ' constitutional rights Crabtree stays his own ruling pending appeals
CNN  -- After 40 years of appearing on the silver screen , actor Amitabh Bachchan is the elder statesman of Indian cinema and is possibly the most recognized man in India . The Big B : The patriarch of Indian cinema has appeared in over 180 films . Born to a famous Indian poet , Bachchan made his screen debut at the age of 27 and has gone on to star in over 180 films . As such an established star he has seen Indian film making change over the years , weathered changing audience tastes and the evolution of Bollywood cinema . "  I 'm actually very happy with our content . Even though we were ridiculed , and the West were very cynical about the way we made our films and the content that it contained , " he told CNN . "  But that very aspect has now become its USP  unique selling point  almost , and people love to see that . I would not want to change that . I would expect that this is how and what our cinema is all about . " If Indian films have gained a new found international interest , the way that Indian films are produced has also changed . From the industry 's alleged connection to organized crime to better production quality , Bachchan has worked within the system and at the sharp end of making movies . "  We have our own modes of working and how does one actually decipher that the person that you 're working with has some kind of an underground link ? You know , ' I am mafia ' does n't come written on somebody 's forehead . "  Whether he , you know , collects his money from wherever it is ... is really not our concern . We are interested the story , the concept , in our roles , the director who 's going to be making it , in the creative aspect . That 's it , " he said . The role that propelled him to superstardom was of a working class hero standing up to oppression and injustice in the 1975 film "  Sholay " . "  During the 1970s there was a feeling of great dissatisfaction in the youth that the establishment of the system is not doing enough to take care of their issues and problems . When one individual stood out and challenged the system and came out victorious he suddenly became a hero , " he told CNN . "  I fortunately happened to be the actor that they chose to represent that kind of philosophy or thinking . And therefore I became a beneficiary . " From being the "  angry young man " of cinema in India he is now more commonly known as "  The Big B " to the media and his millions of fans . But being such a public figure has never been a problem ; Bachchan writes a daily blog and believes that it 's in an actor 's make-up to thrive in public attention and that stars should be able to deal with praise as well as criticism . "  I think we all live to be recognized ... creativity would be useless if no one ever saw it or recognized it . We want our work to be known . "  I enjoy my blog greatly because I invite comment . Not all of them are complimentary , many of them are abusive , but I never moderate it because I think it 's important to know what the rest of the world actually thinks about you . " Taking the good with the bad , Bachchan was recently criticized for reportedly being less than impressed by Danny Boyle 's Oscar-winning film , "  Slumdog Millionaire . " But says Bachchan the unnecessary controversy was because of comments from readers on his blog had been mistakenly attributed to him . "  I was wrongly accused . I did get to see the film . I thought it was a very well made film , great story , " he told CNN . If "  Slumdog Millionaire " illustrates current interest in Indian films by the West , Indian movies have also developed in ways more familiar to Hollywood movies . "  Life has become a lot faster . We 've had to move with the times and adjust . If you were to analyze an indie film of the 1970s ... there would be far , far less editing cuts of , say , a film that was released in 2009 . That philosophy -LSB- from TV editing -RSB- , for some peculiar reason , has now translated into the minds of the audiences and they expect the same kind of treatment when they go out to see a movie , " he told CNN .	Indian actor has been superstar of Bollywood cinema for 40 years Known as ` The Big B ' ; became icon to millions after ` Sholay ' film of 1975 Blogs regularly and seen great changes in attitudes to Indian film and its influence Caused furore when mistakenly reported to have criticized ` Slumdog Millionaire '
CNN  Many years ago , a colleague told me how frustrated her husband was by "  Amazon Mom , " a special membership program offered by the retail giant that provides discounts , recommendations and other information to help parents during the crazy toddler years . In bold print , the company says the program is "  open to anyone , whether you 're a mom , dad , grandparent , or caretaker . " But still it is called "  Amazon Mom , " irking my colleague 's husband to no end since he was the one ordering the majority of diapers and other products for their babies . ` Dad ' gets a makeover in Super Bowl ads My friend 's husband was not alone . A petition created a few years ago calls on Amazon to change the name of the program from "  Amazon Mom " to "  Amazon Family . " But the drive did n't get much traction . That changed after the recent death of a beloved dad blogger , Oren Miller , who created a Facebook group for dad bloggers in 2012 that has grown to more than 1,000 members . In 2013 , Miller called on men and women to sign the petition to get Amazon to change the name of the program . "  Why did Amazon bother changing the name of its parenting program when the program started in the UK ? What made them realize they could n't get away with calling it ` Amazon Mom , ' and why do they get away with it here ? " Miller wrote . "  Someone actually started a petition to change the name to ` Amazon Family ' in the US , and so far it has less than 100 signatures . Why is that ? Why are we OK with letting England be more progressive than we are here when it comes to fatherhood ? They have a queen ! They are ruled by a freakin ' queen ! We can do better than that ! " he wrote . No more dumb old dad : Changing the bumbling father stereotype I had the pleasure of interviewing Miller for a story last year on whether modern dads get enough credit . The 42-year-old stay-at-home father of two , who fought perceptions of fathers as nothing more than babysitters in essays on his blog , was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2014 . Miller , of Owings Mills , Maryland , died Saturday . Now , members of the dad blogging community are rallying in his honor , trying to step up the pressure on the Internet powerhouse to finally change the name of its program and get with the times . Mike Heenan , a stay-at-home father of two in Northern California and founder of the blog At-Home Dad Matters , never got to meet Miller but says that when Miller welcomed him into his community of dad bloggers , it changed his life . "  He got me writing again , inspired me to publish , to contribute , to tell my story ... to be a better dad for my daughters . " Heenan , like several other dad bloggers , took to Twitter using the #AmazonFamilyUS hashtag to call for Amazon to make the change . "  The push for inclusivity in the parenting arena has been well received by many a brand in the past few years and , like Oren , many of us think the change to ` Amazon Family ' is a no-brainer , " Heenan said . Judgy moms and dads face off in hit ad Buzz Bishop , a father of two in Calgary , Alberta , and founder of the blog Dad Camp , points out how Amazon calls its program "  Amazon Family " in Germany , Japan , Austria , France and Canada as well as the United Kingdom . "  So why is it called ` Amazon Mom ' in America ? " Bishop wrote in a blog post . "  We are continuing a cause that was once championed by the creator of the Dad Bloggers Facebook group , Oren Miller , " wrote Bishop . "  In his name , we want to finish the job . " The petition has gotten over 4,800 signatures . Amazon has not commented on the movement . In the meantime , Miller 's supporters wo n't stop pushing . I hope they never do . Do you think Amazon should re-name its "  Amazon Mom " program "  Amazon Family " ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Two years ago , a dad blogger called attention to the "  Amazon Mom " program After his death , dads are urging the retail giant to change the name to "  Amazon Family " The petition drive has gotten more than 4,800 signatures
CNN  -- Mississippi lawmakers passed a bill Wednesday that would require any physician performing abortions in the state to be a board-certified obstetrician-gynecologist and to have admitting privileges at an area hospital . The bill "  should effectively close the only abortion clinic in Mississippi , " said Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves in a statement . "  This is a strong bill that will effectively end abortion in Mississippi . " If the state 's only abortion facility , Jackson Women 's Health Organization , closes , Mississippi women seeking abortions would have to leave the state . The clinic 's owner , Diane Derzis , said in a telephone interview that all her doctors are obstetrician-gynecologists , but only one has admitting privileges at an area hospital . She vowed to fight to remain open . "  We are going to do everything we can to remain there ... we are not going to let the women of Mississippi down , " said Derzis . Wednesday 's vote by the state Senate is the latest in a string of attempts by lawmakers to close her facility , she said . Last year , the state introduced a bill known as the Personhood Amendment , which would have defined life as beginning at the moment of conception . The bill was defeated by voters in November . The bill is in a period for comment before it will be sent to Republican Gov. Phil Bryant , who has said he wants Mississippi to become "  abortion-free . " "  This legislation is an important step in strengthening abortion regulations and protecting the health and safety of women , " he said after Wednesday 's vote , in a statement . "  I am sick about this , " said Felicia Brown-Williams , regional director of public policy for Planned Parenthood in Hattiesburg , Mississippi . The bill "  puts in place requirements that intentionally try to make it impossible for physicians to provide abortion services . ... Voters have already said that they want the government to stay out of decisions that should be made by a woman , her family and her physician . " She expressed hope the bill might not be sent to the governor . "  We are asking Mississippians to reach out to their senators and ask them to reconsider their vote on this , " she said . Still , she acknowledged , the bill is likely to be tabled Thursday and then sent to Bryant . There is no medical reason to require physicians performing abortions be board-certified OB/GYNs or that they have admitting privileges , Brown-Williams said . If the clinic stops offering abortion services because it is unable to find providers with those qualifications , the bill "  would be a backdoor ban on abortion . " The Center for Reproductive Rights ' state advocacy counsel , Jordan Goldberg , said that , if the goal of the legislation is to impose restrictions on abortion providers that are not imposed on other medical providers offering similar care , then "  that would raise serious constitutional problems and a legal challenge would certainly be possible . " "  It 's not about medicine , " she said . "  It 's just about politics . " Seven other states require abortion providers to have hospital privileges , but no other state requires that an abortion provider be an OB/GYN , said Elizabeth Nash , state issues manager for the Guttmacher Institute in Washington . "  This bill is an attempt to make it so difficult to become an abortion provider that no one will do it . " Though the 1973 Supreme Court landmark decision in Roe v. Wade made abortion legal in all 50 states , Mississippi 's bill could make the state the first where no abortions could be performed , she said . "  It 's an attempt to eliminate access without taking on Roe directly . " In 2008 , the last year for which data are available , 2,770 abortions were performed in the state , according to Guttmacher .	Mississippi lawmakers : Abortion providers must be OB/GYNs , have admitting privileges Observers say it could force the state 's lone abortion clinic to shut Bill "  will effectively end abortion in Mississippi , " says Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves "  I am sick about this , " says Planned Parenthood regional director for public policy
CNN  -- Holders Iraq sealed their place in the last eight of the Asian Cup in Doha after a narrow 1-0 victory over North Korea . A goal midway through the first half from Kerrar Jasim proved enough to gain Iraq second place in Group D and secure a showdown with Group C winners Australia , with a semifinal place for the winners . Jasim slid in to score from close range after North Korea goalkeeper Ri Myong-Guk could only parry Mustafa Kareem 's swerving shot . Bend it like Bhutia : Meet India 's David Beckham Meanwhile , police in the Sunni town of Falluja , 60km west of Baghdad , told CNN they imposed a curfew during the match to prevent people from shooting in the air in case of an Iraqi victory . Similar Incidents that followed Saturday 's win over United Arab Emirates saw three people killed and seven others wounded , accoring to local health officials . It is an Iraqi tradition to celebrate by firing pistols or machineguns into the air , but Baghdad Military Operation Command issued warnings that some insurgency groups might take advantage of these shootings and conduct terrorist attacks against Iraqi security forces or civilians . Elsewhere in the Asian Cup , Iran comfortably topped the group with a maximum nine points -- the only nation to achieve that target -- after cruising to a 3-0 victory over United Arab Emirates despite fielding a weakened side . Having already qualified , Iran made nine changes to their side , but they still proved far too classy for their opponents , who finished the group bottom and without a win or goal to their name . Arash Afshin , Mohammad Nori and a Walid Abbas own goal gave Iran victory although both teams finished with 10 men after Afshin and UAE defender Khalid Sebil both saw red in separate incidents . Iran will now face South Korea for the fifth consecutive time at this stage of the tournament . The quarterfinal stage gets under way on Friday , with host nation Qatar tackling three-time champions Japan and Group A winners Uzbekistan facing Jordan .	Holders Iraq secure their place in the last eight of the Asian Cup in Doha Iraq claim a 1-0 victory over North Korea and will next face Australia A weakened Iran side finish top of Group D after a 3-0 victory over UAE Iran will play South Korea for a fifth successive time for a semifinal place
CNN  -- Angelina Jolie stunned many people with an op-ed Tuesday describing her reasons for choosing to have a preventive double mastectomy . Her mother passed away at the age of 56 after battling ovarian cancer . Moreover , Jolie found that she had the BRCA1 gene , which significantly increases the lifetime risk of breast cancer . In fact , she reports that her doctors estimated that she had an 87 % chance of developing breast cancer . I have no doubt that this piece is causing many women across the country to think about their own health and chances of developing the disease . Thanks to many successful organizations , breast cancer awareness is at an all-time high in the United States . A person of Jolie 's stature publicly discussing such a personal and difficult decision will likely weigh on the minds of many women who have similar concerns . Breast cancer is a real disease , it 's not rare , and it can potentially strike almost anyone . I have no doubt that her op-ed in The New York Times will help many women who would not have considered this procedure to do so now . Five reasons we love Angelina Jolie In one sense , that is a good thing . There are legitimate and real reasons for some women to consider a preventive , or prophylactic , mastectomy . Some women who have had breast cancer in one breast elect to have a mastectomy of the other breast to prevent the cancer from spreading there . Some women who have a family history of cancer , especially before age 50 , might consider the procedure . More recently , women who have been able to learn through genetic testing that they have the BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene , both of which make it more likely that they might develop cancer , have been given new information that may help them make a decision . It 's a personal decision . It 's also a serious one , because there are downsides to a preventive mastectomy as well . First of all , it 's still a major procedure , and it carries all the risks of one ; one should never minimize the risks of a big operation . It 's also irreversible , and some women do suffer psychological or physical consequences afterward . No one should ever judge another woman 's decision in this area , but it would serve individual patients poorly for doctors not to discuss with them both the potential harms as well as benefits . Opinion : Angelina Jolie 's brave message It 's also important to recognize that even a preventive mastectomy is not a guarantee against cancer . Studies show that it 's about 90 % effective in preventing breast cancer in moderate and high-risk women . That still leaves a 10 % chance of developing cancer in the chest wall , armpit or even in the abdomen . That 's because it 's pretty much impossible for even the best surgeon to remove all breast tissue from a woman . Because of this , some women choose not to have the procedure done , even when they are at high risk . Just a few weeks ago , Peggy Orenstein wrote a compelling account of her decision not to undergo the procedure after her first brush with breast cancer . Her reasons are just as valid and important as Jolie 's but may not make the same splash in our national discussion . Part of the reason for that is that there are few stars with Jolie 's fame who could claim this sort of attention . But there 's a larger current here that is worth considering . We in America sometimes are risk averse . We favor trying to reduce the chance of something bad happening to as close to zero as possible . We also tend to err on the side of doing something rather than nothing . There 's nothing inherently wrong with this type of behavior . But we should recognize it . My preventive mastectomy : Staying alive for my kids We tend to screen more than other countries . We tend to push for more invasive and technologically driven solutions . We do these things , sometimes , at the expense of both health and money . In the last few years , there has been some pushback against the potential over-use  and detriment  of mammograms and prostate specific antigen tests . Such debates are controversial but important . You ca n't reduce risk to nothing . Trying to do so will lead to practices none of us would support . After all , someone could make the argument that we should remove all breast tissue from all women because you never know where breast cancer will strike . That 's hyperbolic , and no one is suggesting it , but it shows that this is really a personal , and individual decision . That 's how it should be . Jolie 's relating her decision to have a preventive mastectomy is no more or less brave than Orenstein 's decision not to have one . But both are welcome in their bringing to the forefront that these are discussions that every woman should have with their physicians , their loved ones and themselves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron E. Carroll .	Aaron Carroll : Jolie op-ed on elective double mastectomy was brave , raised consciousness Women have more info today to make such a decision , but it also has downsides , he says He says other women , such as Peggy Orenstein , have written about opting not to do it Carroll : Jolie 's decision was brave , but Orenstein 's was , too
CNN  Before landing a gyrocopter on the Capitol lawn Wednesday , Doug Hughes wrote about his intentions and the reasons behind them on a website called the thedemocracyclub.org . "  The point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in DC and more importantly , to present the solution  s  to the institutional graft , " the 61-year-old Florida postal carrier wrote in an online post titled "  Your Pilot . " "  My flight is not a secret , " the post says . "  Before I took off , I sent an Email to info@barackobama.com . The letter is intended to persuade the guardians of the Capitol that I am not a threat and that shooting me down will be a bigger headache than letting me deliver these letters to Congress . " Hughes ' friend Michael Shanahan told CNN that Hughes called him Wednesday morning and told him to check out the website . Although the post is not signed , he lists an email address of "  dhughes@thedemocracyclub.org, " and the information in his self-description matches information about Hughes in public records . He refers to having multiple children -- the youngest an 11-year-old daughter -- and grandchildren as well . It 's unclear exactly when the post published . Shanahan told CNN that when he searched for the site Wednesday morning , he was unable to find it . "  The purpose of it was to call attention to the United States concerning our campaign finance laws , or the lack thereof , " Shanahan told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . Hughes had his first appearance in court scheduled for Thursday . On Wednesday , he took off in his gyrocopter from Maryland and traveled through restricted airspace over Washington , landing on the Capitol 's West Lawn . Inside the small personal aircraft he had letters for every member of Congress urging campaign finance reform . "  There 's no need to worry -- I 'm just delivering the mail , " Hughes wrote in his post . The incident shut down the Capitol for part of the day . Hughes ' main purpose "  was not so much to alert Congress to something they already know , but to make a statement , so that America would take notice , " Shanahan said . The two men together run a website and nonprofit corporation called The Civilist Papers , which focuses on such issues , Shanahan said . In his post , Hughes wrote of his time spent in the Navy and described his family . Although he did not mention it in the post , one of Hughes ' sons committed suicide 2 1/2 years ago at the age of 24 , the Tampa Bay Times reported . "  Something changed in me , " Hughes told the paper . Public records show Hughes had a son named John Joseph Hughes who died . "  He told us that he felt like his son did something stupid , but he had made a point , " said Ben Montgomery , the Tampa Bay Times reporter who broke the story of the gyrocopter flight . "  He learned a lesson out of that . And it was : If you want to make a point , you 've got to do something big , as sad as that seems , " Montgomery told CNN 's Jake Tapper . "  He 's been thinking about this for 2 1/2 years . He 's pictured every scenario you could possibly imagine , " Montgomery said . Shanahan said Hughes mentioned the idea when the two were brainstorming a couple of years ago . Having grown up in Washington , Shanahan opposed the idea . "  I told him that , no , that was an insane plan because the chances are he was going to get killed . " "  Doug is like a pit bull when he gets an idea , " Shanahan said . "  He 's very stubborn . And he finds ways around it . ... The word got out because he was telling people of his idea . And the Secret Service heard of it . So , they interviewed the two of us . And after that , he said he was going to sell his copter and figure out something else to do . But then I noticed he did not sell this copter . " When Hughes called Shanahan on Wednesday morning , Shanahan said he did not try to talk Hughes out of the plan , but "  he was talking real quick , and I did n't know exactly what he meant by a lot of things . "	Doug Hughes , 61 , said the point was to present solutions to corruption Hughes mentioned the idea a couple of years ago , his friend says Hughes had a son who committed suicide , report says
Washington  CNN  -- A Pentagon official said Tuesday that a former Navy SEAL who helped kill Osama bin Laden included classified material in his new book and did not follow protocol for pre-publication review . Also , on the same day the much-anticipated memoir hit book shelves , CNN obtained a copy of message written by the SEALs ' commander to members of his unit . In it , Rear Adm. Sean Pybus , head of the Naval Special Warfare Command , said he was "  disappointed , embarrassed and concerned " that troops are now openly speaking and writing about their secret work . "  We do NOT advertise the nature of our work , NOR do we seek recognition for our actions . " The emphasis is the admiral 's . Pre-orders put "  No Easy Day : The Firsthand Account of the Mission That Killed Osama Bin Laden " at No. 1 on Amazon 's bestseller list for two weeks . But the Pentagon was not as as eager to see the release of the book . Pentagon press secretary George Little told reporters that officials believe the book contains sensitive and classified material . The Pentagon 's determination , to a large extent , centers around several instances where author Matt Bissonnette , writing under the pen name "  Mark Owen , " describes how SEAL units are organized , trained and operate , said a U.S. official , rather than solely on specifics of the bin Laden mission , which are largely known . Describing the instances in a very broad sense , the official said , "  does this compromise national security today , probably not , but do we talk about this stuff , no . " The official declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information . Opinion : Sense and nonsense about Obama and Osama Last week , the Pentagon 's general counsel threatened legal action against the man who wrote the revealing book . In a letter addressed to "  Mark Owen , " General Counsel Jeh Charles Johnson alleged the writer violated secrecy agreements and broke federal law . "  In the judgment of the Department of Defense , you are in material breach and violation of the nondisclosure agreements you signed . Further public dissemination of your book will aggravate your breach and violation of your agreements , " Johnson wrote . Bissonnette 's lawyer responded in a letter last week saying the author "  sought legal advice about his responsibilities before agreeing to publish his book and scrupulously reviewed the work to ensure that it did not disclose any material that would breach his agreements or put his former comrades at risk . " Officials are concerned about protecting classified information , and not preventing the telling of a story , according to Little . The Defense Department is reviewing what options it may have , according to Little . "  When you have special operations units that perform these missions , there are tactics , techniques , and procedures , not to mention human life , that are in play , " Little said . "  And it is the height of irresponsibility not to have this kind of material checked for the possible disclosure of classified information . " Pre-release of copies of the book and the Pentagon 's lack of sufficient time to act made it impractical to ask the publisher to not release the book , Little said . The Pentagon has not banned copies of the book from military exchanges . Publisher Dutton had originally planned to release 300,000 copies , but after fevered hype , it increased the number to 575,000 , according to Publisher 's Weekly . Buzz ramps up over SEAL 's bin Laden book In the 336-page book , Bissonnette wrote about his concerns that bin Laden would put up a fight , after the SEALs ' helicopter crashed near bin Laden 's compound . "  Roughly 15 minutes had passed and bin Laden had plenty of time to strap on a suicide vest or simply get his gun , " he says in the book . Bin Laden was not wearing a vest when he died . His two guns , according to Bissonnette , were on a shelf in his bedroom , apparently untouched . After the helicopter crash and a hard fight to get through the compound 's defenses , Bissonnette and several other SEALS were near the top floor of the compound , where intelligence predicted bin Laden would be . "  We were less than five steps from getting to the top when I heard suppressed shots . BOP . BOP . "  The point man had seen a man peeking out of the door on the right side of the hallway about 10 feet in front of him . I could n't tell from my position if the rounds hit the target or not . The man disappeared into the dark room . " The man who peeked out the door had been shot , but was still moving when the SEALs entered the room . Bissonnette described the end . "  In his death throes , he was still twitching and convulsing . Another assaulter and I trained our lasers on his chest and fired several rounds . The bullets tore into him , slamming his body into the floor until he was motionless . " Excerpts from SEAL 's book about Osama bin Laden killing But there was still the question of whom they had killed . One of Bissonnette 's roles was photographing the body . "  It was strange to see such an infamous face up close . Lying in front of me was the reason we had been fighting for the last decade . It was surreal trying to clean blood off the most wanted man in the world so that I could shoot his photo . I had to focus on the mission , right now we needed some good quality photos . " Bissonnette said he had mixed feelings about President Barack Obama , who ordered the operation . "  None of us were huge fans of Obama . We respected him as the commander-in-chief of the military and for giving us the green light on the mission , " wrote the former SEAL , who was a 36-year-old chief petty officer when he left the Navy as a highly decorated commando in April . CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	Questions raised about disclosing nature of SEAL training , operations Navy SEAL commander unhappy about disclosures The Pentagon alleges the book violates secrecy agreements The author 's lawyer disagrees and disputes the Pentagon account
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraq 's state-owned oil exploration company has made the country 's first oil find in 30 years , an Oil Ministry spokesman said Monday . The company found at least a billion barrels of crude under the ground in a southeastern province near the border with Iran , spokesman Assim Jihad said Monday . The discovery in Maysan , about 350 kilometers  215 miles  south of Baghdad , is a "  significant achievement " for the country , Jihad said . Despite vast reserves and reliance on oil for government income , exploration in Iraq has been hindered by decades of conflict . With the world 's fourth-largest oil reserves , Iraq 's government depends on oil revenues to fund more than 90 % of its budget . The discovery comes seven months after exploratory drilling began , Jihad said . Iraq produces 3.2 million barrels of oil a day , exporting 72 % of it , he said . In 2010 , Iraqi officials estimated the country had 143 billion barrels of extractable oil , most of it in the southern oil fields .	Iraq announces first oil discovery in 30 years The discovery in Maysan amounts to at least a billion barrels , an official says Iraq 's government depends on oil for 90 % of its budget
