Read a version of this story in Arabic . Eddie Ray Routh was crying , shirtless , shoeless and smelling of alcohol when police caught up with him walking the streets of his hometown of Lancaster , Texas . His family did n't understand what he -- a Marine veteran suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder -- was going through , he told the officer last September 2 , according to a police report . He had a simple message that was as much a plea as it was a complaint : I 'm hurting . That visit -- which came after Routh , angry that his father was going to sell his gun , left the house and threatened , his mother told police , to "  blow his brains out " -- prompted him to be placed in protective custody and sent to Dallas ' Green Oaks Hospital for a mental evaluation . Six months later , the 25-year-old Routh is in custody once again -- this time in a central Texas jail , facing murder charges in the deaths of America 's self-proclaimed most deadly military sniper ever as well as the sniper 's friend . He is on a suicide watch and under 24-hour camera surveillance , Erath County Sheriff Tommy Bryant said Monday . Should vets with PTSD , mental illness still have access to guns ? And he 's already run into further trouble , becoming aggressive with guards in his cell after refusing to give up a spork and dinner tray Sunday night , according to the sheriff . So who is Eddie Ray Routh ? Bryant has said Routh was in the Marines for four years , though it is unclear how much of that time , if any , was in combat zones . Shay Isham , a lawyer appointed by a judge Monday morning to represent Routh , said his client spent roughly the last two years in and out in Veteran Affairs medical facilities for treatment of mental issues . His personal history and psychological make-up has come under the spotlight after the bloodshed Saturday . It was then , officials say , Routh killed two men on a gun range located in a remote part of the Rough Creek Lodge and Resort 's vast 11,000 acres . This was , Bryant said , after Routh 's mother "  may have reached out to " one of the victims -- Chris Kyle , author of the best-selling book "  American Sniper " -- "  to try and help her son . " The suspect was "  a troubled veteran whom they were trying to help , " said Craft International , a company founded by Kyle , who since retiring from the Navy in 2009 had sought to assist ex-troops with PTSD . Why might Routh have killed these men ? He "  is the only one that knows , " Erath County Sheriff 's Capt. Jason Upshaw told reporters on Sunday . "  I do n't know that we 'll ever know , " Upshaw said . Victims hailed as dedicated , caring patriots No one else saw the shooting of Kyle and his friend , Chad Littlefield , according to Upshaw . It occurred sometime after 3:15 p.m.  4:15 p.m. ET  Saturday , when all three men together entered the expansive resort in Glen Rose , some 70 miles southwest of Fort Worth , and headed toward a gun range . Marcus Luttrell told CNN that Kyle , his friend , had gone to help Routh get "  out of the house  and  blow off some steam . " Another Kyle friend , former SEAL sniper program instructor Brandon Webb , explained that a range was a "  familiar environment " for "  military guys . " Around 5 p.m. Saturday , a hunting guide alerted authorities Kyle and Littlefield 's bodies had been discovered "  lying on the ground , covered in blood , " according to Routh 's arrest warrant , which was posted on CNN affiliate WFAA 's website . By then , Routh had taken off in Kyle 's black Ford pickup , stopping first at his sister 's house about 70 miles away in Midlothian . There , he told his sister and brother-in-law what he had done , telling them he had "  traded his soul for a truck , " the arrest warrant said . He set off again . How the violent mentally ill can buy guns Police finally caught up with Routh near his home in Lancaster , about 15 miles south of Dallas , around 8 p.m. Saturday . Despite a swarm of law enforcement , he managed to speed off in the truck -- but after spiking his tires , authorities were able to detain him without a scuffle by 9 p.m. , Bryant said . The story got intense , widespread attention in large part due to the victims , especially Kyle . While serving as a sniper in Iraq , the Navy SEAL wrote he personally had 160 confirmed kills from a distance of up to 2,100 feet -- more than any other U.S. serviceman , in any conflict . This helped led Iraqi insurgents to nickname the 6-foot-2 , 220-pound Texan "  the devil " and put a bounty on his head , he said . In interviews promoting his book , Kyle offered no regrets , "  I had to do it to protect the Marines , " he told Time magazine a year ago . "  You want to lose your own guys , or would you rather take one of them out ? " After his retirement from a decade 's service in the Navy , Kyle became a businessman , a reality TV personalty , a supporter of fellow vets , an avid hunter and an outspoken opponent of gun control . He leaves behind a wife and two children . His new ventures included joining other former SEALs in starting Craft International , a security company with the motto "  Despite what your momma told you , violence does solve problems . " He also helped established the FITCO Cares foundation , a charity that helps U.S. war vets "  who have survived combat but are still fighting to survive post-traumatic stress disorder , " the group 's website said . Thousands pledged to toast him and Littlefield on Monday night , and hundreds expressed condolences on Kyle 's Facebook fan page . "  Chris , thank you for your service ; not only to the country you loved , but also to your fellow warriors that needed a helping hand , " one woman wrote . "  Rest in peace brave hero , patriot and warrior . You are missed . " The Facebook page also included a tribute to Littlefield , who the page 's administrator wrote "  felt deeply about the values of family , compassion , friendship and loyalty , and was equally as passionate about his love of God and country . " "  Chad , thank you for your love for your country , the dedication to your country and your love for life , " a woman said . "  God has brought another angel home . " Chris Kyle , America 's deadliest sniper Correction : Earlier versions of this report incorrectly described the military background of Chad Littlefield , who was killed with Chris Kyle . Littlefield was not a veteran . CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Josh Levs , Susan Candiotti , AnneClaire Stapleton , Barbara Starr , Emily Smith and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Routh told his sister he 'd killed two men , "  traded his soul for a truck , " an arrest warrant says The ex-Marine faces murder charges in deaths of veteran Chris Kyle and Kyle 's friend , Chad Littlefield Routh 's family called cops in 2012 ; he was mad because his father planned to sell his gun The 25-year-old told police he had PTSD , was hurting and his family did n't understand
CNN  -- CNN lost a much loved and respected colleague Monday with the sudden passing of photojournalist Sarmad Qaseera . A longtime member of CNN 's Baghdad bureau , Sarmad had to flee his country in 2006 after death threats , eventually settling in the United States and continuing his work for CNN based out of Atlanta . He was 42 . *** In the darkest days of war and amid the chaos and despair it wrought , CNN staffers in Iraq could always count on Sarmad Qaseera to bring some light -- even humor -- to the worst of situations . He was unflappable , committed to the job and yet , at the same time , a goofball who could provide endless laughter when it was least expected and most needed . And perhaps above all , he had empathy and compassion for those who suffered most from the war . His sudden death on Monday has rocked his CNN family and a loving circle of friends and family , all of whom are trying to process how Sarmad could be taken so soon , and with so much more to conquer . From Saddam Hussein to CNN After a childhood spent under Saddam Hussein 's rule , Sarmad Qaseera used the dictator 's overthrow as a springboard into a life incredibly well-lived . He came to CNN early in the war , a young cameraman recommended by his uncle Faris , himself a CNN staff member in Baghdad . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek hired him in January 2003 , just before the war began , mentoring a nervous , shy young man who knew not a word of English . "  He was , in many ways , shell-shocked by life under Saddam , but was obviously keen to be working for CNN , " Formanek said . "  In the beginning , we had to try to bring him out of that shell -- something made more difficult because we had to use a translator just to give him the basics of what we needed . "  When the war started a few months later , he had already picked up some English and his true personality started shining through and it was n't long before he was out in the field shooting stories for us . "  Sarmad was our personification of the Iraqi dream : Work hard , get out alive , take the ones you love with you if you can , find success in America and charm people along the way . " Like so many Iraqis who worked with the West , Sarmad risked his life doing so . Eventually , after a very specific death threat , he was forced to leave . But he did take one special person with him : his invalid mother , Suad . He brought her to the United States and spent his own money initially to have her cared for in his apartment 24/7 . He talked endlessly to her , not knowing whether she could hear or understand . Even when he was away on assignment , he would call or Skype and have Suad 's nurses hold the phone or laptop next to her . You should have heard his Wolf Blitzer impression Sarmad had a wicked  and sometimes ribald  sense of humor . His usual greeting to me , an Australian , was a full-throated "  Kangarooooooo !!!! " Often , in the middle of editing a story , he was inclined to do his Wolf Blitzer impersonation : "  Happening noowwww ! " His other signature phrase was an enthusiastic "  Number ONE !!! " which could be used in Sarmad 's world for just about any occasion . He was a fixture in our Baghdad operation , ever cheerful and brimming with talent , and legendary for his ability to fall asleep just about anywhere , anytime . Equally legendary was the volume of his snoring ; no one could , or would , share a room with Sarmad during Baghdad assignments . Within hours of the news of his passing , my Facebook feed and email in-box were inundated by photographs and recollections , anecdotes and tributes . ' A bright light ' in a war zone Former CNN ` er Aneesh Raman put it well : "  War zones sharpen edges . They harden souls . They are dark places . Which makes it all the more remarkable that those of us who met Sarmad in Baghdad remember him as such a bright light . " He had many -- so many -- close friends in the CNN family . Correspondent Jomana Karadsheh described years of working alongside him . "  From Baghdad to Beirut , Amman to Damascus , Islamabad to Tripoli , he really made some of the toughest assignments so memorable , " she said . "  He captured every story so beautifully , his pictures told it so brilliantly . CNN lost a gift today , but we all lost the man . " Senior International Correspondent Arwa Damon , who spent much of the war living in Baghdad alongside Sarmad , echoed those thoughts in recalling his work covering the 2012 attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya . "  He was the one who somehow saw and noticed things that we did n't , " Damon said . "  A piece of paper fluttering amid the ashes with ` Libya is sooooo important ' scrawled on it . The remnants of the last meal in the kitchen . A flower that somehow survived the carnage . " Damon and Qaseera won an Investigative Reporters and Editors Award for their coverage of the attack . Tommy Evans , a regular bureau chief for CNN in Baghdad during the war and now chief of CNN 's London bureau , recalled going on a police patrol in Afghanistan with Sarmad and correspondent Michael Ware . "  We were zipping through a dark , windy residential neighborhood when an IED went off , " he said . "  It felt like a mule kicked me in the chest . " Evans , in the aftermath of the explosion , could n't hear or see . "  When my eyes did refocus , the air was so full of sand and dust I could no longer see Sarmad 's truck in front of me . I was convinced it had been hit . " Evans jumped from the truck and ran into the road . Standing there was Sarmad , a camera on his shoulder . "  We asked each other frantically if the other was hurt . Then he looked at me and said , ` Tommy , I am so sorry , ' " Evans recalled . When asked why , Sarmad replied : "  I do n't think I was rolling . " "  Later that night we got back to the safe house , covered with dust and a little blood . And we watched the tape . ... He was rolling , " Evans said . Just weeks from U.S. citizenship Sarmad worked for many years for CNN in Iraq , but more recently he covered many other stories , both "  good news " assignments and conflicts , too . Correspondent Nima Elbagir remembered a funny moment with Sarmad while covering the uprising in Egypt . "  I 'm a good foot taller than Sarmad , " she said . "  So it made a lot of Egyptians laugh to see him dragging a camera case along to stand on when he was filming me . "  When it kicked off inside Tahrir Square and we 'd been separated he -- all 5-foot-nothing of him -- fought his way through to find me . We used to joke it was our ` Romeo and Juliet ' moment , shouting each other 's names through the crowd . We eventually took shelter in the KFC overlooking Tahrir Square , and as the mob swarmed outside the now-barricaded glass doors he calmly ordered combo meals for both of us . " Another longtime CNN Baghdad bureau chief , Kevin Flower , described Sarmad 's passing as a loss not only for friends and family , but for journalism as well . "  He will be forever remembered for the infectious sense of humor and smile , but he should be remembered as a journalist 's journalist . The best in class . He was a true professional in every sense of the word , who brought a whole lot of important stories to the world . With Sarmad , CNN was a better news organization . " Sarmad Qaseera was taken far too soon . His American dream was still unfolding and he had so much more to give , as a professional and a man . Sarmad was to become an American citizen in the next few weeks , something he had been waiting for for so long . Ma'a as-salÄ	Sarmad Qaseera died suddenly Monday at age 42 An Iraq native , he was a longtime member of CNN 's Baghdad bureau He fled the country in 2006 after getting death threats He was just weeks away from American citizenship
CNN  -- "  I just get sick and tired , quite frankly , of all this talk . Everything that has to do with the federal branch of government ... is bad , and states are good . I remind you that ... the reason the federal government got into 90 % of the business it got into is that the state -LSB- s -RSB- ... did not do the job . " When Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware made this statement as a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee in 1981 at the confirmation hearing of Supreme Court nominee Sandra Day O'Connor , he was referring to statements by his colleagues suggesting that the judgment of state courts was entitled to greater legitimacy than those of federal courts . But Biden could well have delivered similar remarks at last week 's NAACP Convention , where he spoke days after several Southern governors , led by Texas Gov. Rick Perry , announced that they will not participate in the health insurance exchanges or Medicaid expansion provisions of the health care law . No matter that 25 % of Texans are uninsured , reportedly the highest rate among all states . Perry and the other governors want to burnish their anti-Barack Obama bona fides to an ever-hungry tea party base . These elected leaders are following a longstanding tradition in American politics of Southern states acting against the best interest of their residents . As Biden 's 1981 remarks suggest , a good reason the federal government has expanded and occupied areas that might be best served by state government is precisely because of the lack of leadership that has too often been the hallmark of state governments . This has been particularly true in the South , where the idea of state sovereignty and racial injustice often went hand in hand . From the Civil War to the civil rights movement 100 years later , the call for "  states ' rights " long stood for the desire of Southern states to mistreat their black residents . That 's why the invocation of this term -- as it was by Ronald Reagan , when he launched his 1980 presidential campaign in Philadelphia , Mississippi -- has become a kind of code that carries offensive racial implications . Resistance to the federal government -- in particular , the liberal decisions of Earl Warren 's Supreme Court , President Lyndon Johnson 's Great Society and Congress ' enactment of a series of civil rights laws targeted at discriminatory state conduct -- served as a rallying point for disaffected white Southerners . What is most distressing about the elaborate displays of failed leadership by Southern governors who rail against the reach of the federal government is their willingness to sacrifice the needs of their most vulnerable . The starkest historical example is the 1959 decision of Prince Edward County , a Virginia school district , to close schools for five years rather than comply with desegregation orders after Brown v. Board of Education , crippling the local education system and ensuring that a generation of black students would be unable to complete their K-12 education . The county 's decision followed the lead of Virginia 's powerful senator , Harry F. Byrd Sr. , who authored the Southern Manifesto , which called for state-based "  massive resistance " to school integration . To be fair , the phenomenon of bellicose or ineffective state leadership is not limited to the South or to Republicans . Only six states initially chose to opt in when Medicaid was first launched back in the 1960s . Those who chose to ignore Medicaid were merely delaying the inevitable . While governors postured , poor women and children fell through the cracks in the health care system . Ultimately , all states would join Medicaid . In 2009 , while the country was coping with the effects of the Great Recession and unemployment was high , Republican governors from the South led the call to reject stimulus money for the extension of unemployment benefits . But a year later , it was two states in the Midwest -- Ohio and Wisconsin -- that decided to turn down hundreds of millions of dollars in federal stimulus money for rail projects . Likewise , legislators in New Hampshire have forfeited millions of federal transportation dollars , not to mention tens of millions in saved medical costs , because they do not want to enact a primary mandatory seat belt law , making the state the only one in the country without such a requirement . Responsibility for failed policies on the state level , however , does not fall solely on the shoulders of elected state leaders . Voters must also act wisely to adopt the best policies , practices and laws for the common good . California was admonished by the U.S. Supreme Court last year and ordered to reduce the severe overcrowding in its prisons . But it was the decision of Californian voters to adopt ever more irrational and punitive criminal sentencing laws -- such as "  three strikes you 're out " -- that ballooned the state 's prison population and resulted in the Supreme Court 's intervention . This November , California voters have an opportunity to revise some of the ill-advised "  three strikes " sentences . The ball is in their court . What is desperately needed now in state government is the principled leadership of elected leaders . The economy has brought about the most challenging state fiscal crisis in several generations . To provide for the needs of its residents -- whether it 's in education , jobs , housing , public safety or health care -- states will have to cooperate with the business and the nonprofit community , but more importantly , with the federal government . Partisan posturing will benefit only candidates but hurt the common people . State government can be the most appropriate locus of government power in many important areas . Those who argue against the size and reach of the federal government should first demand that state leaders act responsibly and in the best interests of all their residents . Otherwise , it is the duty of the voters to speak up at the polls . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sherrilyn A. Ifill .	Some Southern governors said they will not participate in the health care law Sherrilyn Ifill : Lack of leadership has too often been the hallmark of state governments She says Southern leaders in particular have been resistant to the federal government Ifill : What is desperately needed in state government is principled leadership
CNN  -- Interim Egyptian President Adly Mansour assured the family of imprisoned Australian journalist Peter Greste that he "  will spare no effort to work towards the speedy resolution of the case . " Mansour 's pledge was made in a letter to parents Juris and Lois Greste , almost three months after the Al Jazeera journalist was arrested in Cairo on terrorism-related charges , along with two colleagues . Greste , producer Mohamed Fahmy and producer Baher Mohamed , were arrested December 29 at a Cairo hotel room and later charged with joining a terrorist organization -- the blacklisted Muslim Brotherhood , as well as broadcasting false information and working in Egypt without permits . Reports said Mansour 's letter was in response to one sent by the Al Jazeera English journalist 's parents . "  As a father I 'd love to convey my understanding of the prevailing emotions of distress and anguish amongst both Peter and the whole family , " Mansour wrote in the letter , which was published by his office . "  Notwithstanding the independence of the judiciary and that his full rights are guaranteed under the law , I would like to assure you in my capacity as President of Egypt , that I will spare no effort to work towards the speedy resolution of the case , in a fashion consistent with the law and that guarantees the reunion of the family in the near future . " International condemnation Earlier this month , prosecutors presented evidence at a hearing for the three journalists , but they did little to explain why everyday broadcast equipment and the defendants ' personal belongings would implicate them in any crime . Throughout the hearing , the defendants were kept in a caged dock steps away from their family members . The three are among 20 defendants authorities have charged with crimes ; the Qatar-based Al Jazeera says only eight have worked for the network . The trial has drawn international condemnation from human rights groups , who say the arrests indicate authorities in Egypt are stifling dissent and freedom of the press . The case comes amid a crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood after the ouster of Egypt 's first democratically elected president , Mohamed Morsy , in July . The accused have denied the allegations against them , with the journalists saying they were simply doing their jobs . The trial was adjourned until March 24 .	Mansour : "  I will spare no effort to work towards the speedy resolution of the case " Austrian Peter Greste and two Al Jazeera colleagues detained in Cairo since December The three are being held on terrorism-related charges The trial has drawn international condemnation from human rights groups
CNN Student News  -- March 14 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Japan • Santa Cruz , California Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : We 're dedicating this edition of CNN Student News to our audience in Japan . The world is watching in support , and you are not alone . First Up : Japan Earthquake AZUZ : The nation of Japan is reeling today , trying to recover from a devastating natural disaster . The earthquake hit the island nation on Friday . It registered a magnitude of 8.9 . That makes it the most powerful quake to hit Japan in at least 100 years . There were reports over the weekend that the quake moved the main of island of Japan -- the entire island -- by 8 feet ! And this is what it left behind : scenes of destruction . On Sunday , officials estimated that more than 1,500 people had been killed ; more than 1,900 injured ; more than 1,500 more missing . Those estimates all expected to go up . And the worst may not be over . Witnesses have reported feeling aftershocks . And scientists in Japan say that there 's a strong chance of another quake , one with a magnitude of 7.0 or higher , hitting in the next few days . Just to get a sense of what this was like , take a listen to this iReport . This was shot by someone outside his house . You can hear the crashes as the area is rattled by the quake . Something just as devastating as the quake was the tsunami -- this giant ocean wave -- that the quake caused . It slammed into the Japanese coast , washing over cities and leaving death and destruction behind it . Tsunami Strikes Japan AZUZ : The northeastern part of the country took the worst of it . This is what the water looked like rushing into one city . Some areas were completely flattened , with foundations the only sign of the buildings that once stood on them . You might think of a tsunami as this towering tidal wave that crashes down on shore . That 's not what this was . Tsunamis are more accurately described as these "  walls of water " that push onto shore and plow through anything they hit . Scientists believe that when there 's friction between two plates below the ocean 's surface , like in an earthquake , energy is released . That energy shoots up to the surface , spreads out in a wave . And it travels very fast , as fast as 500 miles per hour ! You can see it spreading right here . Now , if you 're in a boat out at sea , you might not even feel it . It 's incredibly powerful , but not necessarily very high . But look at what happens when that wave gets closer to shore : it slows down and builds up . And that wall of water just bulldozes inland . Look at how this tsunami wave spread . This animation shows you just how far these things can travel . It stretched out in all directions , spanning the Pacific Ocean . It hit Hawaii , causing millions of dollars in damage there . And it even reached the California coast , 5,000 miles from the area near Japan where the quake hit . And when the wave did reach Santa Cruz , California , it was still strong enough to do this : boats tossed like toys in the tub . It 's not nearly as destructive as what happened in Japan , but a clear illustration of ocean energy radiated across the world . Japan Earthquake AZUZ : Trying to put the impact of this earthquake in perspective . Japan 's prime minister , Naoto Kan , called it "  the toughest and most difficult crisis " for his country since the end of World War II , more than 65 years ago . He said he 's confident that the Japanese people can work together to overcome the crisis . That could include making sacrifices , like dealing with electrical blackouts for one thing . The government is planning to run these rolling blackouts in order to save electricity while workers repair power plants . But Prime Minister Kan says right now , Japan has one main goal . NAOTO KAN , JAPANESE PRIME MINISTER : Saving people 's lives must be our first priority . We must do all that we are able to do to save as many lives as we can now . Just the Facts STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Just the facts ! Nuclear power plants generate power through a process called nuclear fission . This is when atoms of uranium , a radioactive element , are split apart . Fission produces a lot of heat energy , and that energy produces steam . The steam turns a turbine , and that 's how the plants generate electricity . Meltdown Concerns AZUZ : Officials in Japan are worried about what 's happening at one of the country 's nuclear power plants . It has six reactors , six facilities where that fission happens . And three of those reactors were running when the quake hit . The plant has safeguards in place for this kind of a situation . The reactors are supposed to shut down , and emergency generators are supposed to pump water into the reactors to cool them down . Remember , fission generates heat , so if you want it to stop heat quickly , you need to cool it down . But in one of those three reactors , the back-up generators failed . Experts are blaming that on flooding from the tsunami . Another element -- hydrogen -- started building up inside the facility until it caused an explosion that blew the roof off . The reactor was not damaged in the explosion . But that 's the big concern here : a problem with the reactor . Like we said , the uranium inside of it is radioactive . And if too much of that radiation gets out , it could contaminate air or water and lead to very serious health problems . World Response AZUZ : You heard Japan 's prime minister say that the number one priority is saving lives . Rescue crews have been working furiously to try to find and help the victims of this earthquake . And the world is coming to Japan 's aid as well . The United States , United Kingdom , China , South Korea : just a handful of the nearly 70 countries that have offered to help . Some search-and-rescue teams have already arrived in Japan . More are on the way . International aid groups , like the Red Cross , Save the Children and Doctors Without Borders are getting involved , too . The USS Ronald Reagan -- the warship that you see here -- is also on the scene . Crew members are working with Japanese forces to fly supplies and equipment into the areas that were hit hard by the quake . They 're hoping to deliver 30,000 portions of emergency food supplies in the first run . Impact Your World AZUZ : Sometimes , you hear about a crisis somewhere in the world and wonder "  What can I do ? " We have a way for you . CNN 's "  Impact Your World " program has information on some of the groups that are helping the victims of this quake , and it has ways for you to get involved . You 'll find a link to "  Impact Your World " in the Spotlight section of our home page , CNNStudentNews.com . Goodbye AZUZ : This is a huge story , and one that we 'll certainly be covering more on our show . But there 's also a lot of information up on our web site . We have In Depth Coverage on the quake itself and explainers on things like earthquake magnitudes and how nuclear reactors work . Finally today , we have a video that demonstrates the power of this natural disaster and its impact on Japan . We 're going to let that close out the show , and we 'll see you again tomorrow . BEGIN VIDEO RYAN MCDONALD , WITNESS , CNN IREPORTER : My wife and I stood outside and basically held on to the outside of our house . You could n't even stand up . We have never , ever felt anything on the magnitude , the literal magnitude , of what we experienced today . HARRIS PAYTON , WITNESS , CNN IREPORTER : The whole ground was shaking so much . It was unreal . I ca n't describe it . MCDONALD : Oh , my god . That is the biggest earthquake to date . Oh , my god , the building 's going to fall ! AUGUST AMBRISTER , WITNESS , CNN IREPORTER : It just blew up . Woo ! Woo ! Do you all see this ? BRENT KOOI , WITNESS , CNN IREPORTER : The crack is just moving . There 's water . I do n't know if water lines are broken , but this water was not there a minute ago . END VIDEO	Witness the devastation caused by a powerful earthquake that hit Japan Hear how a quake can trigger a tsunami that barrels across the ocean Find out how the earthquake caused concerns at one nuclear power plant Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Julian Cardona is a photojournalist who works in the "  murder capital of the world " -- Juarez , Mexico . He takes pictures of bodies and survivors , migrants and countrymen , violence and vigils . The 51-year-old photographer puts his life on the line for such photography because he wants the world to know of a patch of earth that many American journalists -- even those in Mexico , too -- fear to tread and often avoid . That 's because the violence by Mexican cartels and other criminals who control swaths of the borderlands have secured a reputation for ferocious violence and carnage , including to those who dare to chronicle the death toll . To capture the human suffering and endurance , often in the powerful imagery of black-and-white photographs , Cardona does n't venture out alone anymore . He partners with other photographers -- who had been competitors under less dark times -- because they believe there 's greater safety in numbers . "  When you work as a local journalist , it 's more frequent that you  are  facing more risks , " he said in an interview at California State University , Northridge , where he spoke to students about cartel violence and where his photos are on display this month . Cardona has observed how the Mexican side of the border has been a landscape of change , beginning with the North American Free Trade Agreement in the early 1990s to the massive movement of Mexicans to the United States and elsewhere . Many parts of Juarez are now a "  ghost town , " he says . Last year , Juarez recorded 1,933 violent deaths , according to the Chihuahua state attorney 's office . That figure is considered exorbitant , especially when compared with the 209 homicides in New York City last year , even though that U.S. city 's population is six times greater than Juarez 's . Even so , that figure represented a 38 % decline in violent deaths from the year before , when the city counted 3,117 killings . The number of violent deaths was 2,643 in 2009 and 1,607 in 2008 . A mere 300 killings were reported in 2007 . Juarez also is known for its high "  femicide " rate , the unsolved murders of hundreds of girls and women . "  During my childhood , Juarez was a very calm place , very secure place , " Cardona told CNN . "  It 's changed to be very insecure and has become for four years the most violent city on the earth , " he added . "  You are covering one massacre as another massacre is happening in another district of the city , " Cardona said . "  We have disappearances of women , we have disappearances of men , we have execution of women , execution of men , bodies of women left in the desert . People who do n't pay extortion are assassinated . People who are kidnapped are assassinated , also . People who refuse to give their cars are killed , also . It is a wide spectrum of where you can be killed in Juarez . "  According to some of my colleagues , " he continued , "  90 % of the cases are never investigated . That can give you the idea of the role of the state and this terrible situation . " Before Juarez became synonymous with homicide , the city used to be a party town , with a robust nightlife . But a University of Juarez study shows that the bloodshed since the early 1990s has displaced 250,000 people , Cardona said . "  In many places it looks like a ghost town , a ghost district , " he said . Cardona dares to enter these haunted places -- as well as populated neighborhoods . "  Most of the time the people I meet are going into turning points of their lives . It 's very often I 'm a witness to these changes in their lives , " he said . "  Under these circumstances , it is incredible how people are still open to talk to a journalist and tell their stories , and how their communities have been devastated by the economy , and how they can not sustain their lives and families ' educations -- they have to migrate to the U.S. -- and also how people struggle to survive and make a living in the U.S. doing very dangerous jobs . " Cardona lives in Juarez , but his parents and siblings live across the border in El Paso , Texas , and do n't visit him because of the violence , he said . CNN 's Jade Biesboer contributed to this report .	Julian Cardona , 51 , visits California to display his photos of Juarez , Mexico Juarez is called "  the murder capital of the world " The 51-year-old photographer does n't venture out alone any more because of the violence Cartel carnage has turned parts of his one-time "  calm " hometown into a "  ghost town , " he says
CNN  -- Some New York police officers still can not communicate with each other with police radios , even though the issue plagued the rescue effort after the 9/11 attacks nearly 10 years ago , a New York state senator says . And that state senator says he plans to send a letter Thursday to President Barack Obama urging him to remedy the situation . NYPD helicopter video shows 9/11 attacks "  Despite nearly a decade passing since the September 11 , 2001 attacks ... our first responders , the brave men and women who will be standing on the front lines of our next attack and running into buildings as most are running out , still , in far too many instances , do not have proper interoperability they need , and in some cases still can not communicate at all , " the letter written by state Sen. Greg Ball says . Ball , who is also the chairman of the New York State Homeland Security Committee , said the issue was highlighted last week during a homeland security hearing . At the hearing Robert Morris , a police union official , talked about the problems . "  The officer carries a radio on his belt but he might as well be wearing a brick , " Morris said . The radios are so bad in some cases that officers have used their cell phones to communicate with each other , Ball said . Officers with the Metropolitan Transit Authority have also been severely plagued with the faulty radios . In 2008 , a New York labor safety board urged the transit police department to fix the issue with the radios but the issue still has not been resolved , Ball said . Ball said he also plans to send his letter to all members of Congress .	Radios so faulty some officers use cell phones to communicate , state senator says "  The officer carries a radio on his belt but he might as well be wearing a brick " The state senator will also send the letter to all members of Congress
CNN  -- Saudis have been awaiting October 26 anxiously . Organizers of an online campaign are hoping the date will mark a turning point in the history of Saudi Arabia , as women across the kingdom take their husbands , brothers or fathers ' car keys and drive themselves across town in a show of independence , defiance and solidarity . While the issue of women driving is an important one in and of itself , some Saudis view it as just the latest in a series of struggles that have shaped the political trajectory of Saudi Arabia . These confrontations have pitted those who 've embraced modernity and accepted the need for reform against ultra-religious and social conservatives who see most change as inherently destructive and as a "  deviation " from the "  straight path " of Islam . In fact , according to some conservative elements , Saudis should strive to emulate the traditions set by the forbearers of Islam who lived some 1,400 years ago , for it was they who practiced the "  correct " Islam . Why Saudi Arabia ca n't ban women from driving forever It was not by chance that the founder of modern Saudi Arabia , King Abdul Aziz Al Saud , stressed Islamic mores , precepts and traditions as he brought the disparate regions of the Arabian peninsula under his political control ; a process that took 30 years to complete . Ironically , it was the founder himself who first began the balancing act which tried to reconcile the ever-changing needs of a new nation with the instinctual rejection of change that some conservatives continue to display . The story of how the king convinced conservatives to accept radio wave technology is the stuff of legends . Upon hearing that some critics were convinced that the king 's own private radio network must be inspired by the "  devil , " the king came up with an ingenious plan : he made them listen to the radio as it beamed the Islamic call to prayer being made by someone several miles away . This segment of Saudi society , the size of which is difficult to determine , has resisted the introduction of just about everything people associate with modernity . Radio , the car , television and even girls ' education and the Internet were all considered by some as a sinister attempts to erode the Islamic mores and the equally important tribal ethos of Saudi Arabia . Those opposing the right of women to drive are making the same arguments today . Not only did dozens of clerics hold a protest outside King Abdullah 's palace in Jeddah to express their disapproval of any moves to lift the ban , but a lesser known cleric who fancies himself a modern-day Avicenna tried a more scientific approach when he claimed that driving does irreparable damage to a woman 's ovaries ! While some conservatives ' protestations border on the comical , some ultra-conservatives have tried to forcibly steer back Saudi Arabia to the "  right path , " as when militants stormed the Grand Mosque in Mecca in November 1979 and declared the coming of the Muslim equivalent of the Messiah . The irony is that their claim to defend Islam and uphold its strictures actually resulted in the deaths of dozens of Muslims and violated the sanctity of Islam 's most hallowed ground . So how has the government managed to push through reforms that were advocated by progressive Saudis that they deemed necessary for a modern state to function in the face of such resistance ? They compromised . When radio was introduced , authorities ensured it broadcast hours of religious programming . The same was true with television , which came under more scrutiny because of the visual images it beamed into people 's living rooms . When the government introduced girls ' education , it initially did so in limited areas of the more cosmopolitan region of Hejaz and then made sure that girls were segregated from boys when education went national . The same approach applied to the Internet , which is now widely available but heavily censored and increasingly monitored . Periodically , authorities have cracked down on staunch conservatives whose opposition to reforms bordered on incitement to violence and on some of the more outspoken advocates of reform who have argued that the government placates conservatives ' demands to serve its own political ends and crossed well established red lines . Although some reform advocates do call for sweeping changes and their swift implementation , many more advise gradual reform . They argue that the tumult that accompanied the Arab Spring and the incredibly difficult transition that some nations are currently undergoing are proof that measured , incremental reforms are less likely to be destabilizing . The problem with the ban on women driving however is that it ca n't really be implemented gradually and therefore compromises will be difficult . No one is advocating that the ban be lifted only in certain regions or cities nor has anyone recommended that women be limited to driving at certain times of the day and rightly so . For its part , the government has issued a warning that seems aimed at both advocates and opponents of this issue , enjoining them not to "  disturb the public peace . " It will be interesting to see whether October 26 tilts the balance in favor of one camp over the other . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fahad Nazer .	Saudi women are preparing to defy a ban in the kingdom on women driving Campaign pits those who 've embraced modernity against ultra-religious conservatives Fahad Nazer says the problem with the ban on women driving is that compromises are difficult
CNN  -- In a move aimed at boosting mental health treatment , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius on Friday announced new rules that will put teeth in a 2008 mental health equity law . The Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act , signed by President George W. Bush , requires doctors and insurers to treat mental illness the same as physical illness . Sebelius made the announcement to applause at the Rosalynn Carter Symposium on Mental Health Policy in Atlanta . The move "  finally puts mental health and behavioral health on equal footing , " Sebelius said . On paper , the law made mental health more accessible , but there has been virtually no enforcement of it , said Dr. Jeffrey Lieberman , president of the American Psychiatric Association and a Columbia University psychiatrist . "  Up to now , the law has not been complied with , " Lieberman said . "  Companies have only sort of adhered to it . " Insurance companies often cover mental illness in a more limited fashion than physical illness . Now the rule will require insurers to charge similar co-payments regardless if the treatment is for physical or mental health . Deductibles and doctor visits would also be equitable , and there would be parity in outpatient services and residential treatment . "  Many private insurers gave nothing . Some provided benefits , but they were limited and inadequate , " Lieberman said . The law , the new rules and provisions of Obamacare combined will ensure mental and physical illness would be covered similarly . America 's Health Insurance Plans  AHIP  , the professional association that represents the health insurance industry , said it has long supported the act and has worked to implement its requirements in an affordable and effective way . "  We appreciate that the final rule enables patients with mental and behavioral health conditions to continue to benefit from the innovative programs and services health plans have pioneered , " AHIP 's President and CEO Karen Ignagni said in a statement . Opinion : Wipe out the stigma of mental illness For example , insurance companies can no longer authorize a 30-day hospital stay for a stroke and only a two-day stay in the hospital for someone who has had a psychotic break . In addition , people with pre-existing mental conditions like attention deficit hyperactivity disorder or depression will no longer be denied insurance coverage -- and under Obamacare , a mental illness diagnosis will no longer trigger a potential loss of coverage . About one in four adults suffer from a diagnosable mental disorder in a given year , according to the National Institute of Mental Health . Sebelius pointed out that twice as many people die from suicides as homicides . The "  incredibly important law , combined with the Affordable Care Act , will expand and protect behavioral health benefits for more than 62 million Americans , " Sebelius said . "  People who either have insurance coverage now and have no mental health coverage or where the Affordable Care Act fills in those gaps for people who have no insurance at all , they will be able to access affordable care with mental health and substance abuse benefits . " She called it "  the largest expansion of behavioral health benefits in a generation . " That is , if there are enough providers to deal with the potential influx of new patients . "  The not-so-good news is you are eligible for treatment now , but often the services are not available , " said Carolyn Reinach Wolf , an attorney who specializes in cases involving mental illness . Surveys show there are only about 50,000 psychiatrists in the United States . According to the APA , that number is already too few to care for the existing number of people seeking treatment . And trends for the profession do n't sound promising , according to the association . Enrollment in psychiatry programs is down , and over half of the profession is 55 or older which means they are nearing retirement age . Often , Wolf said , psychiatrists and psychologists do n't take insurance , and patients struggling with mental illness or the families who care for them are too overwhelmed to have to process the paperwork themselves . "  Mental illness is not curable . It is a chronic lifetime illness and it requires a tremendous amount of resources to get them into treatment and to monitor that treatment . It is a huge cost to manage that care , " Wolf said . Insurers still have to make money , which is difficult with this kind of ongoing , expensive treatment , she said . Now that the final rules have been announced , Lieberman argues there needs to be "  more transparency and means of enforcement . Or how do you know private insurers will comply ? " Friday 's announcement applies to private insurance . The rules do not apply to people on Medicaid because the Obama administration has already given states guidance on how those plans should be meeting requirements set out by the 2008 law . Reframing the gun control debate : Is mental health the next focus ? The Georgia setting for Sebelius ' announcement seems particularly appropriate as an acknowledgement of former first lady Rosalynn Carter 's long efforts to destigmatize mental illness . Carter is the author of a handful of books on the topic , and the Mental Health Systems Act was passed in 1980 in large part due to her advocacy . The law provided more funding for community-based care and created a system of prevention services and an advocate system for those who struggle with mental illness . That law also had a parity provision that was never enforced , Sebelius said Carter had told her . "  Finally , in 2013 , we are achieving this , " she said . CNN 's Caleb Hellerman and Trisha Henry contributed to this report .	Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act was signed into law in 2008 but not enforced Insurance companies often cover mental illness in a more limited fashion than physical illness Kathleen Sebelius ' announcement applies only to private insurance HHS secretary to unveil new rules at Rosalynn Carter Symposium on Mental Health Policy
CNN  -- The 161 passengers aboard United Flight 1603 must have known something was wrong when a crew member announced on the cabin loudspeaker if anyone aboard was a physician . The pilot , Capt. Henry Skillern , 63 , was suffering a heart attack . The in-flight emergency Thursday night that began somewhere in the skies between Houston and Seattle prompted the 737 to divert to Boise , Idaho . Air traffic controllers radioed the plane 's first officer who updated them with the captain 's condition . "  We got a man down , chest compressions going on right now , " the first officer said . "  I 'm not sure too much right now on status . " Once the aircraft was on the ground , first responders boarded and rushed Skillern to Boise 's Saint Alphonsus hospital , where he later died . The tragedy threatens to reignite the debate over FAA age restrictions for commercial airline pilots . In 2007 , the mandatory pilot retirement age was raised from 60 to 65 . At that time the FAA said five pilotsÂ -- their ages ranging from 48 to 57 -- had died in-flight since 1994 , when the FAA began following that statistic . Related story : Health vs. experience central to pilot-age debate When the FAA was considering raising the retirement age , then-administrator Marion Blakey underscored the value of pilot experience , calling it "  an added margin of safety . " "  Foreign airlines have demonstrated that experienced pilots in good health can fly beyond age 60 without compromising safety , " she said . Friday , former Department of Transportation Inspector General Mary Schiavo said she does n't believe the Flight 1603 tragedy alone will fuel a new debate over the issue . But she says it does point out the importance of careful pilot health screening . "  People die everyday from unanticipated heart attacks , but in many cases you can find problems when you do a rigorous physical , " says Schiavo , who 's now at the law firm Motley Rice , where she specializes in aviation . The FAA has already shown signs that it 's looking more closely at other pilot related health issues , including the effects of prescription and over-the-counter medications . "  I think the FAA will probably revisit whether they 're monitoring pilot health stringently enough , " Schiavo says . Current FAA regulations call for a medical examination every year for commercial airline pilots under age 40 and every six months for those over age 40 . To pass the exam , they must not have an established medical history or diagnosis of coronary heart disease that has required treatment . All airline pilots are required to get EKG heart checks at the age of 35 . For those age 40 and older , annual EKGs are required . And airline pilots are required to report any heart disease to the FAA , regardless of when they learn about it . It was n't immediately known whether Capt. Skillern was piloting the plane at the time he became incapacitated . Typically , there are two pilots in the cockpit so that during an emergency , either pilot can quickly take control of the aircraft . Flight 1603 's passengers waited at the Boise airport until United flew in another pilot from San Francisco , before they were able to continue their journey to Seattle . CNN 's John Branch and Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	United Capt. Henry Skillern , 63 , of Humble , Texas , died after heart attack , according to coroner Tragedy threatens to renew debate over mandatory pilot retirement age "  We got a man down , chest compressions going on right now , " crew member radios United Flight 1063 diverted to Boise , Idaho , where paramedics took the pilot to a hospital
CNN  -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal has continued his impressive run of form at Indian Wells with a straight-sets third-round victory over American qualifier Ryan Sweeting . The 23-year-old Spaniard has dropped just 11 points on his serve in the tournament so far , and took just 68 minutes to brush aside the world No. 105 6-3 6-1 on Monday . "  I played solid , " the two-time winner of the Californian hard-court event , who had a first-round bye , told the official ATP Tour website . "  I think today the more positive thing is I finished much better than the beginning of the match . In general I 'm happy . " The nine-time grand slam champion will meet world No. 84 Somdev Devvarman in the fourth round , after the Indian qualifier secured just his third win in a Masters event with a 6-1 3-6 7-6  7-5  victory over Belgium 's Xavier Malisse . Djokovic and Federer through to third round "  I have a lot of respect for Nadal , " the 26-year-old said . "  He 's one of my favorite tennis players , one of my idols , so when I 'm out there I 'm gon na do everything I can to win the match . I 'm gon na compete as hard as I can . " It was not such a good day for Swedish world No. 4 Robin Soderling , who made a shock exit from the tournament after being beaten by Germany 's Philipp Kohlschreiber . Two-time French Open finalist Soderling failed to convert five set-points in his 7-6  10-8  6-4 loss to the world No. 35 , who inflicted just his second defeat of the season . Next up for Kohlschreiber will be the rejuvenated former world No. 4 and 2009 U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro . The 90th-ranked Argentine , who spent much of last season sidelined with a wrist injury , continued his comeback with a 7-6  7-3  6-3 victory over Australian Open quarterfinalist Alexandr Dolgopolov of the Ukraine . The United States ' Sam Querrey also caused an upset by easily beating Spanish world No. 9 Fernando Verdasco 7-5 6-4 . The 24th-ranked Querrey will face another Spaniard Tommy Robredo in the last 16 , after the world No. 28 cruised to a 6-0 6-4 win over American Donald Young -- who eliminated fifth seed Andy Murray in the previous round . In other third-round results , Spain 's Albert Montanes beat compatriot and world No. 12 Nicolas Almagro 4-6 6-2 6-4 . He will next face big-serving Croatian Ivo Karlovic , who knocked out France 's Gilles Simon 6-3 6-3 .	Rafael Nadal eases into last 16 at Indian Wells by beating U.S. qualifier Ryan Sweeting Two-time champion meets Indian qualifier Somdev Devvarman for a quarterfinal spot Robin Soderling suffers surprise defeat to German world No. 35 Philipp Kohlschreiber Juan Martin del Potro , Sam Querrey and Tommy Robredo also progress to round four
CNN  -- The space shuttle Discovery landed in California on Friday evening after bad weather near Kennedy Space Center forced it to wave off a landing in Florida . Discovery landed at Edwards Air Force Base after a 13-day mission to the international space station . "  Welcome home Discovery , " mission control said after the shuttle landed . "  Congratulations on an extremely successful mission , stepping up science to a new level on the international space station . " The shuttle touched down at 8:53 p.m. ET at Edwards Air Force Base in the Mojave Desert , where NASA described the weather as "  pristine . " This may be the last California shuttle landing , because there are only six missions remaining on the NASA schedule , unless Congress gives the space agency more money . Flight controllers prefer landings at Kennedy Space Center because of cost and schedule . A California landing adds a week to the turnaround time before the shuttle can be ready for another mission . NASA has estimated it costs about $ 1.7 million to bring a shuttle home to Kennedy Space Center from California . It rides cross-country piggy-back on a Boeing 747 . Discovery was initially scheduled to return to Earth on Thursday , but poor weather in central Florida forced a delay . Watch the shuttle land in California " Both Florida landing opportunities Friday were canceled by "  a very deep moisture system that descended over the Florida spaceport , " a NASA spokesman said . The seven astronauts are wrapping up a 13-day mission to the international space station , where the crew made repairs and delivered supplies . The crew executed three spacewalks and dropped off the Combined Operational Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill , or COLBERT treadmill , named after comedian Stephen Colbert . Colbert won an online poll conducted by NASA to name the newest space station compartment . Instead , Colbert and the space agency worked together to give the moniker to the treadmill . The new compartment was given the name Tranquility . While in space , mission specialists Danny Olivas and Christer Fuglesang installed an ammonia tank on the international space station . The depleted tank assembly is being returned to Earth in the shuttle 's cargo bay . The tank is part of a cooling system that cycles 600 pounds of ammonia through the space station to "  get rid of excess heat generated by the station 's systems , " NASA said . Astronaut Nicole Stott remained at the space station as a flight engineer , replacing astronaut Timothy Kopra , who returned home aboard Discovery as a mission specialist , according to NASA 's Web site . Another space icon is also coming home aboard the shuttle -- Buzz Lightyear . The 12-inch Disney/Pixar action figure has been aboard the space station for more than a year , according to NASA . The action figure went into space aboard Discovery in May 2008 as part of a joint initiative between Disney and NASA to encourage students to study math , science and technology . Weather and technical problems delayed Discovery 's launch three times before the mission began .	NEW : Mission control says mission took "  science to a new level " on space station NEW : Shuttle lands in California , incurring additional cost to bring it home Florida landing for space shuttle called off because of bad weather
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The use of powerful drugs to treat complaints of chronic pain , and the faking of names on prescriptions for celebrities are central issues in the trial of Anna Nicole Smith 's last two doctors and her lawyer-boyfriend . A Los Angeles County jury heard opening statements Wednesday in the trial of Howard K. Stern and Drs. Khristine Eroshevich and Sandeep Kapoor , charged in a conspiracy to provide drugs to an addict . A defense lawyer said Smith was not a drug addict , but was a victim of chronic pain who was seeking relief . The doctors , who never found the cause of her pain , were doing their best to relieve it with drugs , while her boyfriend , Stern , was going along with their treatment plan . The use of fakes names was a routine way to hide Smith 's medical information from prying tabloid journalists who would pay medical workers to leak it , Steve Sadow , Stern 's defense lawyer , told jurors . "  It 's not a murder case , " Sadow said . "  It 's a prescribing medications case . " The prosecutor outlined the last three years of Smith 's life , which ended in a Florida hotel room because of "  acute combined drug intoxication " on February 8 , 2007 . The three defendants illegally conspired to fuel the actress-model 's drug addiction with excessive amounts of powerful medications , Deputy District Attorney Renee Rose said . The doctors crossed legal and professional boundaries because they were captivated by Smith 's fame , Rose said . "  We trust doctors to act responsibly ... even in spite of ourselves , " Rose said . Kapoor began prescribing painkilling opiates and anti-anxiety benzodiazepines to Smith in 2004 , Rose said . He used the alias "  Michelle Smith " on the opiate prescriptions , she said . Eroshevich , a psychiatrist , also was prescribing powerful drugs to Smith using fake names , Rose said . Stern "  facilitated " the prescriptions , sometimes calling the doctors and picking them up from the pharmacy , Rose said . He was motivated by the millions he would gain if she won a court battle against her deceased husband 's heirs , Rose said . Anna Nicole Smith 's appearance on the 2004 American Music Awards telecast showed how she was affected by the drugs , she said . Jurors watched a video clip which opened with Smith asking , "  Like my body ? " Smith was not a drug addict , Sadow said . She sought the medications for "  real pain , constant pain , chronic pain . " "  She took the prescription medicines for her pain , primarily due to the inadequate control of pain , " Sadow said . "  No physician was ever able to determine why she had pain . " Stern , who is a lawyer but not a doctor , "  relied on the good faith of the medical judgment of the doctors , " Sadow said . "  He relied on their judgment of what was medically necessary for Anna . " It could not be a conspiracy because Stern did not know it was wrong or that using false names on prescriptions was illegal , Sadow said . "  Celebrities in Hollywood use aliases all the time , " he said . Sadow said Kapoor was giving the same drugs and used the same alias as her previous doctor , whose practice he bought . That doctor has not been charged . Other doctors also used false names for Smith , including at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center when Smith was treated in 2006 , he said . "  Every time she would have interaction with the medical community , it was under a different name , " he said . Her identity was not secret to the pharmacist who regularly filled her prescriptions , he said , but Smith feared medical workers would sell her information . "  She was fodder for the paparazzi and that 's where ` Michelle Chase ' came in , " Sadow said . The trial is expected to last up to three months .	Smith 's doctors are charged with using fake names on drug prescriptions Her boyfriend also is charged in a conspiracy to provide drugs to an addict A defense lawyer says Smith was not an addict , but she was seeking pain relief The reality TV star died of "  drug intoxication " in 2007
London  CNN  -- WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange handed himself over to police Tuesday , promptly appeared in court where he was denied bail and left for jail in a police van . A judge will now decide whether to extradite him to Sweden to face questioning over allegations he had sexual relations with two women without their consent . He has not been charged with a crime . The judge at the City of Westminster Magistrate 's Court ordered Assange jailed until December 14 , despite several celebrities coming forward and offering to pay his surety , or bail . It was not immediately clear if the court would decide on that date whether to release him . The judge repeatedly said the case is "  not about WikiLeaks , " but about serious sexual offenses that allegedly occurred on three occasions with two women . Assange , who was in court with security guards on either side of him and his lawyer in front , initially proved reluctant to declare a home address . At the start of the proceedings , Assange was asked for his address and at first gave a post office box . When told that was n't sufficient , he wrote a location on a piece of paper and handed it to the judge . It was later revealed that Assange wrote "  Parkville , Victoria , Australia " on the paper . In making his decision to deny bail , the judge cited the fact that Assange gave no permanent address and has a nomadic lifestyle , and that he has access to significant funding that would make it easy for him to abscond . Vaughn Smith of the Frontline Club , a journalists ' organization that hosts many of WikiLeaks press events and gives WikiLeaks workspace in London , said he offered Assange an address for bail . Smith said he was "  suspicious of the personal charges " against Assange . English socialite Jemima Khan had offered to pay bail of 20,000 pounds  $ 31,500  , and journalist John Pilger also offered a sum of money . The media was allowed inside the courtroom initially but was later ordered to leave . Assange appeared in court after turning himself in at a London police station . He was arrested on a Swedish warrant . He refused to agree to be extradited to Sweden , so the court now has roughly 21 days to decide whether to order his extradition , said Mark Ellis , executive director of the International Bar Association . Ellis was surprised that Assange was denied bail , he said . But Assange will now face an uphill battle to prevent being sent to Sweden -- showing that he can not get a fair trial there . "  That is difficult " given Sweden 's highly developed legal system , Ellis said . The Swedish warrant is a European arrest warrant designed for easy transfer of suspects among European states , Ellis said . If the court does decide to allow his extradition , Assange will be allowed to appeal that decision , too , elongating the legal process , he said . Assange , a 39-year-old Australian , has said he has long feared retribution for his website 's disclosures and has called the rape allegations against him a smear campaign . Sweden first issued the arrest warrant for Assange in November , saying he is suspected of one count of rape , two counts of sexual molestation and one count of unlawful coercion -- or illegal use of force -- allegedly committed in August . Swedish prosecutor Marianne Ny said in a website statement that Tuesday 's actions do n't represent any movement in the investigation . "  At present , the case is a matter for British authorities , " she said . Ny also said that the arrest has nothing to do with WikiLeaks . "  I want to make clear that I have not been subjected to any kind of pressure , neither political nor of any other kind , " she said . "  I am acting as prosecutor because there are suspicions of sex crimes committed in Sweden in August . Swedish prosecutors are completely independent in their decisions . " Assange 's Swedish lawyer , Bjorn Hurtig , told CNN affiliate TV4 that his client is innocent . "  Yes , I think that Julian Assange will soon be set free if all applicable laws are followed , " Hurtig said . "  The prosecutor wants Assange to be arrested because he did n't participate in an interrogation . But once this interrogation has taken place , there wo n't be any more reason to keep him , so then he should be set free . " Claus Borgstrom , the Swedish lawyer representing the two women who have accused Assange , said he is "  very relieved , above all , on behalf of my clients . " "  Now we are just waiting for the next step which is for him to be handed over to Sweden , " he said . The Australian High Commission in London said Tuesday it was providing consular assistance to Assange as it "  would to any Australian under arrest . " A spokesman for WikiLeaks said Tuesday the legal proceedings in London had not affected the site , which facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information . "  WikiLeaks is operating as normal , and we plan to release documents on schedule , " spokesman Kristinn Hrafnsson said . WikiLeaks has been under intense pressure from the United States and its allies since it began posting the first of more than 250,000 U.S. State Department documents November 28 . Since then , the site has been hit with denial-of-service attacks , been kicked off servers in the United States and France , and found itself cut off from funds in the United States and Switzerland . In response , the site has rallied supporters to mirror its content "  in order to make it impossible to ever fully remove WikiLeaks from the internet . " More than 500 sites had responded to the appeal by Monday evening , it said . WikiLeaks has also posted a massive , closely encrypted file , identified as "  insurance " -- a file Assange 's lawyer has described as a "  thermonuclear device . " Assange has said the more than 100,000 people who have downloaded the file will receive the key to decoding it should anything happen to him or should the site be taken down . "  The insurance file will only be activated in the gravest of circumstances if WikiLeaks is no longer operational , " Hrafnsson said . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : Assange 's attorney : Assange "  will soon be set free " Attorney for the accusers says he is "  relieved " with arrest Assange would have to show he ca n't get a fair trial in Sweden to prevent extradition A court orders Assange to jail until December 14 , refusing him bail
CNN  -- Every day , we happily entrust more of our lives to automated machines at home and in our cities . But you could be forgiven for blanching at the prospect of a four-armed robot bearing over you , scalpel glinting . But fear not , a human , and a highly-trained one at that , is at the controls of the da Vinci robotic surgical system . "  I think it 's very important to explain robotic surgery , " says David Rosa from da Vinci creators , Intuitive Surgical . "  The robot does n't do anything on its own . Every movement , all of its controls are controlled by a surgeon who sits at a console . " The company 's tele-operated robots have performed more than 1.5 million operations from abdominal general surgery and gynaecology procedures to thoracic and lung operations . Interactive : Future of printing is 3-D "  The benefit is minimally invasive surgery . The patient will feel less pain , need less time to recover , generally  lose  less blood depending on the operation . There 's just a raft , a whole host of benefits to the patient , " Rosa said . Three components form the operating core of da Vinci : a patient cart -- which house the robotic arms , the surgeon console and a vision system that provides all the connections , which allow the console and instruments to communicate . Every movement of the surgeon 's hand is relayed to the four arms that control up to 50 different instruments , from the basics like scissors and needle drivers to more advanced instrumentation that include electrocautery and staplers . "  When you sit down at da Vinci console , it can do things that you can not do through other means , " Rosa says . "  The robotic mechanisms and the 3-D vision that come along with it  means  you can manipulate tissue and perform surgery like no one else can . " Read/Watch : Future of transport is self-driving cars Rosa has been with the California-based company from its beginnings in the mid-1990s and has seen the da Vinci system develop from concept to the 10,000-component , $ 1 million-plus machine it is today . He still remembers the first time he saw it in action . "  I was nervous . There were ten engineers in the room . I remember a few people would joke about me in terms of my gloves being filled with sweat ... but we were all nervous in those days . We had a lot riding on the successful outcomes in terms of continuing to fund the company , " Rosa said . But anxiety soon turned to optimism as the benefits to patients became clear . Consultant surgeon and chief medical adviser to Intuitive Surgical , Dr Myriam Curet has pioneered the use of the robot in hospitals . "  I spent several months developing a robotic procedure for operating on morbidly obese patients and then we did it on our first patient , " Curet said . "  Things went extremely well , we were really , really pleased at what it allowed us to do that we could n't do with traditional methods . " That said , the system is not without its detractors . Dr Martin Makary -- a senior surgeon at the John Hopkins Medical Institute in Baltimore -- is concerned that many people are not aware of its limitations . "  The Achilles heel of robotic surgery is that the robot can not feel the tissue , so the surgeon can make an inadvertent injury to a major structure , and that is a unique problem with this kind of surgery , " he said . "  I 'm not anti-robot , but for most of the operations where robotic surgery is used , there 's no benefit to the patient . More technology does n't necessarily mean better quality healthcare . " However , since making their first sale in 1998 -- to German customers at the Leipzig Heart Center -- the company has sold more than 2,500 robots to hospitals all over the world and reported revenues in excess of $ 2 billion last year . As for the future , Rosa predicts that surgeons and their patients will be even further apart -- an idea that not so long ago would have seemed like a remote possibility . "  I can imagine being a surgeon in San Francisco and working on a patient in another state , even New York , " Rosa says .	Da Vinci robotic surgery has performed more than 1.5 million operations since late 1990s Surgeon operates robot remotely controlling up to 50 instruments on four robotic arms California-based company had turnover of $ 2 billion in 2012 and lead the robot surgery field
CNN  -- From wars in Ukraine and Afghanistan to the fast-spreading spectre of ISIS in the Middle East , it 's no wonder that this week 's NATO summit in Wales is being called "  the most important gathering of NATO leaders in more than a decade . " NATO leaders arriving in Cardiff will have a host of issues to deal with , so what should we expect ? In short , we should see a return to NATO 's core mission of facing a re-emerging security threat from the east . Russian President Vladimir Putin 's push in to Ukraine has the 28-nation alliance focused on action -- and that goes double for NATO 's new members in the east , including Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania and Poland . But the 65-year-old alliance 's worries are n't limited to Eastern Europe . ISIS , the terror group that has declared an independent state in Iraq and Syria in recent months , is threatening to spew violent ultra-jihadists on to NATO members ' streets . And Afghanistan , NATO 's biggest overseas commitment of troops , is in flux , so adjustments are required there as combat troops prepare to depart at the end of the year . Last -- but by no means least -- as NATO looks to its future , it wants to build on its past . The alliance will seek to use lessons it has learned in nation-building to create advisory and training teams in a drive to carve out a role as a global security hub . Return to core mission A rapid or readiness action plan will emerge and will likely include much of the following : 1 . Preparing thousands of troops that can be ready to deploy at 48 hours ' notice . 2 . Preposition defense equipment at bases in Poland and the Baltic nations . 3 . Equipping troops for constant rotation through the bases in front line states for as long as needed -- rather than maintaining a permanent force , which would contravene the NATO-Russia founding act . 4 . Extending measures for air policing of NATO states . 5 . Considering an increase in NATO 's naval presence in the waters around member states . The major issues on the table will include : Afghanistan This is expected to be the first major topic up for discussion . NATO 's role there will change as U.S. troops draw down over the next two and a half years . The role of ISAF forces in the country will shift from leading Afghan troops in the fight to supporting Afghans in an advisory and training role . Asymmetric and hybrid threats NATO is also expected to discuss the best way to face Russia 's new hybrid , or asymmetric style of attack -- Putin 's sending of masked , unidentified "  green men " into Ukraine to intertwine with local militias , rather than deploying a traditional invasion force of armored vehicles and tanks . The solutions to this challenge may include any of the following : special forces , cyberwarfare , counterinsurgency , greater intelligence gathering , or stronger border security . The aim is to reassure those NATO nations who feel most exposed to Putin 's new nationalist-fueled expansionism -- namely Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania and Poland -- but it 's also to improve the readiness time with which troops can be deployed to defend NATO 's interests in the east . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko , who is attending the summit , will of course pay close attention to all these details , but as Ukraine is not a NATO member it may be of little direct benefit to him . The hope , of course , is that Putin will see NATO 's resolve and recalibrate his westward adventurism . But nothing so far indicates that 's remotely close to happening . In the interim , NATO leaders are expected to discuss how they can support Ukrainian democracy and strengthen security -- and also explore what further material and economic support they can offer to the war-torn country . Global Security Hub Another major item on the agenda will be a discussion about NATO 's role as a global security hub . The alliance is considering using its experience to build up the defense and security capacity of governments in hotspots around the world , using small teams of NATO advisers and trainers . Money All NATO nations are obliged to commit 2 % of their GDP on defense spending , but very few do . The U.S. spends 4.4 % of its GDP on defense -- and President Barack Obama will be hoping to push the Europeans to keep closer to their commitment on this issue . ISIS Obama is also keen to get NATO 's support for tackling the growing ISIS menace emanating from Iraq and Syria . Perhaps indicating how late this issue has raced up the agenda , discussion on the topic may get it best airing at the summit dinner amid the trappings of historic warfare at Cardiff castle . Given the toxicity pervading discussion around Middle East intervention , the leaders will likely be hoping they do n't leave the banquet with a bitter after taste .	NATO summit is called "  the most important gathering of NATO leaders in more than a decade " NATO may return to core mission of facing a re-emerging security threat from the east Russian President Putin 's push in to Ukraine has the 28-nation alliance focused on action As NATO looks to its future , it wants to build on its past
CNN  -- Tear gas shrouded the streets outside the Sunni Muslim world 's most prestigious university after Egyptian police battled thousands of pro-Muslim Brotherhood demonstrators Sunday in Cairo , authorities reported . There were no immediate reports of injuries from the protest , the latest in a wave of sometimes-deadly demonstrations since the summer coup that deposed Egypt 's first democratically elected president . About 3,000 students from Cairo 's al-Azhar University , considered a top center of Islamic scholarship , blocked a road outside the institution , according to Egypt 's Interior Ministry . After about half an hour of attempts to persuade them to reopen the roadway , the protesters refused and began chanting anti-military slogans and throwing rocks , the ministry said on its Facebook page . Police responded with tear gas , driving some protesters back onto the university grounds and arresting others . Egypt 's military stepped in to remove President Mohamed Morsy in July amid protests that brought hundreds of thousands to the streets to demand his resignation . Morsy , who had won office barely a year earlier , and other Brotherhood leaders have been arrested , and a court banned the movement in September . But the demonstrations have continued , with Morsy 's supporters demanding that the generals reinstate his government . Battles between police and protesters left more than 50 dead in early October , spurring the Obama administration to cut off significant military aid to a leading Arab ally . Egypt 's military-backed interim president is reviewing a proposed law that would place strict limits on protests , state-run news outlets reported last week . The legislation has drawn the ire of human rights groups and both pro- and anti-Morsy political movements . The April 6 Youth Movement , an influential political force deeply involved in Egypt 's 2011 revolution , called it "  one of the worst repressive laws constraining freedoms in Third World countries and military dictatorships . "	Police break up protest at al-Azhar University with tear gas Students had been chanting and throwing rocks , government says Protests have wracked Egypt since the July coup that ousted Mohamed Morsy
CNN  Futuristic superstructures , shimmering glass facades and fuzzier lines between indoor and outdoor spaces . These are some of the major trends expected in the coming year as the global aviation industry strives to meet ever-increasing demands . With few major projects scheduled for completion in 2015 , it 's likely to be seen as a transition year as many airports upgrade facilities or begin new building projects to cope with a forecast 3.6 billion global air passengers in 2016 . Here 's what to expect over the next 12 months . China China 's efforts to rapidly expand its airport infrastructure are expected to reach a peak in 2015 with scores of regional airstrips scheduled for opening . Official government plans have previously claimed that the number of airports will expand from 175 in 2010 to 230 in 2015 as the country ramps up its aviation industry in step with economic expansion . While many of these are smaller facilities have yet to be officially announced , several larger projects have been widely publicized . In Beijing , work gets underway in earnest this year on a $ 14 billion international airport in the city 's southern Daxing district . The facility is scheduled to come online in 2017 and is reportedly expected to handle up to 72 million passengers annually by 2025 . Meanwhile , at Chongqing Jianbei International Airport , serving the largest city in southwestern China , a new terminal three is expected to become operational this year . It 's claimed the facility , designed for further expansion to meet expected growing demand , will be able to handle up to 55 million people annually , the largest capacity of any single terminal . In the same Chinese province , the city of Wulong is expected to get to work on its own airport scheduled for completion in 2017 . Japan With low-cost carriers on the rise in Japan , Tokyo 's Narita International Airport is adding a new terminal dedicated to exclusively to no-frills flights . Terminal 3 , designed to handle 50 million passengers a year , is expected to open in March or April . It 'll contain plenty of places where those budget passengers can spend their savings , including a vast duty free shopping area and Japan 's largest airport food court . Singapore Once again Changi Airport Singapore , considered by many to be the world 's best , appears to be raising the bar with a futuristic new complex that 's likely to revolutionize terminal design . After breaking ground in December , work begins in earnest this year on Jewel Changi Airport , an impressive-looking palace of glass that will shroud retail , entertainment and leisure outlets as well as a multi-level gardens and walking trails . The centerpiece will be the Rain Vortex , a 40-meter-tall waterfall cascading from the roof of the glass dome . Mexico Construction on another eagerly anticipated international airport gets underway in 2015 in Mexico City . Mexico City International Airport , a collaboration between world-renowned architects , Briton Norman Foster and Mexico 's Fernando Romero , is designed to be the world 's most sustainable when it opens in 2018 . Foster & Partners says that because the structure will be one massive terminal housed under vast canopies of glass , it 'll require fewer materials and less energy than the standard multi-building airport . Brazil New management is taking over and re-branding Rio Galeao -- Tom Jobim International Airport . The country 's second-busiest airport after Sao Paolo is undergoing a long overdue facelift in anticipation of the 2016 Olympics . About $ 2 billion is going into infrastructure construction , which covers everything from restrooms to runways . The upgrade to four decades-old facilities should allow the airport to increase annual capacity from 18 million passengers to 30 million without the need for an extra runway . The Netherlands Mainly aimed at increasing retail opportunities , a revamp of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 's Terminal 2 departure lounge is scheduled for completion in the summer of 2015 . Without going into detail , information from the airport trumpets the renovated area 's six themed sections , titled "  luxury , " "  family , " "  travel and culture , " "  modern Dutch , " "  see buy fly , " "  fashion and lifestyle " and "  care and wellness . " On a more boozy note , it 'll get Europe 's first Johnnie Walker House luxury retail concept store and , naturally , a Heineken bar . Germany Munich Airport 's new satellite facility to expand its Terminal 2 should be complete by the third quarter of 2015 , potentially increasing annual capacity to 17 million passengers . After work is complete , there 'll be an operational test phase to make sure everything 's working . If it is , Star Alliance member airlines  including Lufthansa , Air China , Singapore Airlines and United  will move some flights over to the new building . During similar test phases , safety concerns emerged at Berlin 's Brandenburg International Airport , originally slated to open around 2011 or 2012 . Despite appearances of having been completed , it 's still not open . A string of management and engineering setbacks have dogged the project and doubled its initial projected cost . Brandenburg will not open in 2015 , and latest reports say it may be 2017 before it 's fully up and running . Saudi Arabia Also not opening in 2015 is an expansion project at Jeddah 's King Abdulaziz International Airport , now slated for completion early in 2016 after originally being scheduled for a 2014 delivery . The expansion is part of a project to up Saudi Arabia 's passenger capacity to 100 million passengers annually by 2020 . Jeddah 's airport was recently ranked the world 's second worst in an annual survey by the Sleeping In Airports website . Trends As these facilities come on line , passengers may begin to notice new trends emerging in airport design -- chiefly a greater sense of space and place . Angela Gittens , director general of Airports Council International , says the changes are all about meeting passenger demands , with surveys indicating they 're looking for a greater sense of orientation , control , safety , visibility and openness . In real terms this means bringing the outdoors into the picture . Changi Airport Singapore has been a leader in this area , with its butterfly garden and rooftop green spaces , while passengers with a stopover at Munich Airport can wander through an outdoor plaza hosting exhibits and performances , or visit an outdoor terrace . Updated facilities are also incorporating glass facades to bring natural light inside . This strategy , says Gittens , also improves energy efficiency . "  Not only do these new windows allow for the use of natural light , " she adds "  but they are made with energy efficient materials that can repel heat and insulate against cold . " ' A sense of place ' David Stewart , head of airport development for the International Air Transport Association , says airport authorities are increasingly understanding that passengers want to get a feel of what 's local . "  They 're craving a sense of place , " he says . Gittens says fashioning an airport to better represent the city it serves is becoming an important point of differentiation . One of the easiest ways to do this is with food and big name chefs . While McDonald 's and Starbucks outlets will continue to exist , more airports are dishing out regional cuisine made by local chefs , such as Gordon Ramsay 's Plane Food at London Heathrow and Carles Gaig 's Catalan-inspired Porta Gaig in Barcelona . It 's not just high-end eateries bringing local to the airport . Hung 's Delicacies in Hong Kong International favors braised meats and regional dishes . Airbrau in Munich Airport Plaza is a Bavarian brewery that serves its own beer , along with time-honored dishes like schnitzel , suckling pig and sauerkraut . New music , old masters National culture is also making its way into airports . While many international airports have at least a little space devoted to displays of art , some are taking it up a notch . At the Traditional Korean Cultural Experience Zone at Seoul 's Incheon Airport , passengers can learn about calligraphy or fan-making , or check out handicrafts while listening to live musicians . Workshops , demonstrations and performances are scheduled on a regular basis . Amsterdam 's Schiphol was the first airport to house its own art museum beyond passport control . Currently under renovation , the pioneering Schiphol outpost of the Rijksmuseum provides a glimpse into local life through special exhibitions and the artworks of Dutch masters . Airports are also literally being connected to the cities they serve by modern mass transit . Airports as far flung from the cities they serve , including Washington Dulles and Xian Xianyang  among the 10 busiest airports in China  , are developing linking train lines in order to accommodate travelers looking to make local connections .	China said to be increasing its operational airports to 230 in 2015 Tokyo and Munich to open new terminal facilities , Amsterdam and Rio will get upgrades Beijing , Mexico City and Singapore press ahead with impressive new projects More delays for Berlin 's long overdue new Brandenburg airport , originally slated for 2012
Mental Floss  -- Have you ever wondered about the origins and namesakes of our favorite spreads , sauces , and dressings ? Here are a few stories that you can use to regale your friends the next time you chow down . Peppers were imported from the Mexican state of Tabasco to make spicy Tabasco sauce , giving the condiment its name . 1 . Thousand Island Dressing Is the delicious dressing that gives a Reuben its tanginess named after an actual chain of islands ? You bet it is . The Thousand Islands are an archipelago that sits in the Saint Lawrence River on the U.S.-Canada border , and there are actually 1,793 of them , some of which are so small that they contain nothing more than a single home . So why is the dressing named after an archipelago ? No one 's quite sure . Some people claim that early film star and vaudevillian May Irwin , who summered on the Thousand Islands , named it , while others contend that George Boldt , the famed proprietor of the Waldorf-Astoria , gave the dressing its name because of his own summer place in the region . No matter who named it , it 's tough to beat on a sandwich . 2 . Ranch Dressing Yep , the beloved dressing and dipping sauce actually got its start on a real ranch . When Steve and Gayle Henson opened a dude ranch in California in 1954 , they had an ace up their sleeves : a delicious dressing that Steve had concocted while the couple was living in Alaska . The couple did a nice business at their Hidden Valley Ranch , but guests were always flipping out over just how tasty Steve 's dressing was . Eventually , the Hensons started bottling the stuff , and the popularity grew so quickly that they had to hire a twelve-man crew just to help mix up each batch . Steve 's culinary creativity turned out to be lucrative ; in 1972 Clorox forked over $ 8 million for the recipe . Mental Floss : Foods named after people 3 . A1 Steak Sauce According to the brand 's Web site , A1 has been around for quite a while . Henderson William Brand worked as the personal chef for King George IV from 1824 to 1831 , and at some point during this employment mixed up a new sauce for the king to use on his beef . George IV allegedly took one bite of Brand 's creation and declared that it was "  A1 . " Brand then left the king 's employ in order to go peddle his new sauce . 4 . Tabasco Sauce Tabasco sauce is perhaps the most famous of all hot sauces , but where did it get its name ? When Edmund McIlhenny , a former banker , invented the sauce in Louisiana in 1868 , he did n't have a huge supply of chili peppers at his disposal . To keep cooking , he imported peppers from the Mexican state of Tabasco and slapped the region 's name on his bottles . Mental Floss : The origins of salt , pepper and other popular spices 5 . Heinz 57 Legend has it that Heinz 57 takes its name from H.J. Heinz 's company formerly marketing 57 products at once , and except for the number , the story holds up . Heinz 's Web site tells a story that Henry John Heinz was riding a train when he saw a billboard advertising 21 varieties of shoes . He so liked the idea he wanted to try it with his own condiment company . Thus , he started touting Heinz 's 57 varieties . There was only one catch : Heinz marketed well over 60 products at the time . So where did the 57 come from ? Heinz thought the number was lucky . Five was Heinz 's lucky number , and seven was his wife 's . He mashed the charmed digits together , got 57 , and never looked back . 6 . Tartar Sauce Fish 's best friend is named after an alternate spelling of the word "  Tatar , " which was how Western Europeans once referred to almost anyone of Mongolian or Turkic descent . Many of these Tatars/Tartars ran roughshod over Europe in the time of Genghis Khan , but they knew how to cook . One of the dishes they left behind , beef tartare , came back into fashion in 19th-century France . These helpings of steak tartare came with a number of garnishes , including the creamy white stuff that eventually became generically known as tartar sauce . Mental Floss : The history of utensils  spork included 7 . Hollandaise Sauce Hollandaise , the lemon-butter-and-egg yumminess that Eggs Benedict ca n't live without , is n't actually Dutch . Instead , it 's one of the most well known French sauces . The sauce first appeared in French cooking in the 17th century , and is apparently named both because it somewhat resembles an old Dutch sauce and because the Dutch had such thriving butter and egg industries that provided two of the sauce 's main ingredients . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Thousand Island dressing is named after 1,793 islands in the Saint Lawrence River Tabasco 's founder imported peppers from the Mexican state of Tabasco Hollandaise is n't actually Dutch ; it 's one of the most well known French sauces
CNN  -- Midway through Jason Dinant 's fitness journey to get six-pack abs by June , the 27-year-old had a breakdown . Halfway through his fitness goal , Jason Dinant said he sees a four-pack gradually forming . After months of eschewing junk food in favor of lean protein -- egg whites , chicken breast and vegetables -- he devoured pie . The slice came from Marie Callender 's , drizzled with caramel , loaded with candied apples and layered with cream cheese . Yes , it was delicious , Dinant said . Then he got home and had a Tootsie Roll . Then , he ate a Klondike ice cream bar . The breakdown came late February after months of following a lean diet . It also came with consequences . "  When I woke up the next day , I had a horrible stomach ache , " Dinant said . "  My trainer said once you 're on the diet , you can try to go back and have a day where you binge on bad food and it 's going to give you a stomach ache . " Since January , CNNhealth has been following the progress of three iReport contributors as they strive to meet their New Year 's diet and fitness goals . One of them is Dinant , a Las Vegas , Nevada resident , who wanted to get a six-pack by summer in time for his 10-year high school reunion . He also wants to show off a chiseled stomach on his blog called "  Naked Boy News , " where he stands shirtless to give "  the naked truth about today 's news . " The junk food breakdown came after almost two months of staying on a lean diet . The self-described "  candyaholic " often craved his favorite treats like York Peppermint patties , macaroons , Mounds bars and Coca Cola . "  The key to falling off the wagon is not to stay off the wagon , " said Gregg Avedon , a certified fitness trainer and model whose chiseled six-pack has appeared on the cover of Men 's Health magazine 18 times . "  If you fall off the wagon for one day , the problem is it could lead to two days , three days , a week , then you fall off completely . Next thing you know , it leads to two weeks of binge eating . " Dinant has maintained his diet of 16 egg whites , one and a quarter-pound of meat , four cups of vegetables , potatoes and rice a day . He treats himself to one Tootsie Roll a day , and sometimes indulges in gelato . Dinant 's quest for six-pack abs -- which initially included 500 daily crunches -- brought attention from his neighbors , an egg company that ships him 15 dozen eggs every two weeks and news media such as USA Today and his hometown newspaper , Las Vegas Review-Journal and blogs . Some people left words of encouragement for Dinant 's quest for tight abs , but others were less supportive . A picture compared him to a toothpick . Another one showed a kitten shooting a shirtless Dinant . "  A lot of people said , ` You need to put on a shirt , ' " he said , so Dinant set up a Web site called putonashirt.com where he compiled the comments . The hate mail comes "  when they see a thin guy trying to be more fit . They 're jealous , " Dinant said . The negative comments add fuel to his fire . "  I 've wanted to do this before and last year , I had the same resolution , " Dinant said . "  I did it for two weeks and by January 15 , it was time to move on . So I applied for iReport . I wanted people to follow it , so I 'm motivated to do it . So many people are watching , so mentally , I have to do it . I put my mind to it . I have to do it . " Watch Dinant 's video Dinant does n't have a six-pack yet . "  You can see four , " he said . "  It 's more defined . The middle two are coming in . I need a tan . I 'm so white it 's hard to see . " In January , Dinant 's exercise regimen started with 500 stomach crunches a day , after hearing a Britney Spears interview about her sit-ups for toned abs . Dinant has abandoned the crunches and enlisted a personal trainer who has designed 11 core body exercises . For 20 minutes , Dinant performs 25 repetitions of the exercises , which include a floor bicycle , upward leg lifts and a type of sit-up where he lifts his legs and arms up at the same time . He spends an hour jogging , doing cardio and lifting weights . He also changes his exercise routines and works out four to five times a week . Recently , Dinant lost his job in sales for a Las Vegas show , which he attributes to a sluggish economy . He still has his job as an emcee for a night club and on the bright side , he said he "  can dedicate more time to work out . " "  I 'm working out my legs and arms to burn the calories , to lose the layer of fat , " he said . "  I do n't want to plateau and have a two-pack . " Many fitness fanatics do the same exercises and never see improvements because they plateau , said Avedon , a trainer in Sunrise , Florida . "  In the gym , you need to change the factors of what you 're doing , " he said . "  If you 're doing heavy weights and lower reps , you can change to more moderate weights and moderate repetitions . You can change exercises , do different types of cardio . It 's creating change . The body adapts to change quickly and responds really well when you hit a plateau . " At the same time , some people have difficulty getting a six pack , because of elevated levels of cortisol which can lead to belly fat , said Avedon , author of "  Muscle Chow : More Than 150 Meals to Feed Your Muscles and Fuel Your Workouts . " "  You 've got to make sure the cortisol level is not elevated , " he said . "  One way is proper sleep and reducing stress . " Before blaming hormones for flab , Avedon warned , "  you really need to make sure you 're doing all the right things first . So many people do n't take accountability . " The good news for Dinant is that the hardest part is getting the initial six pack and afterwards , it gets easier . "  There 's a big learning curve , " Avedon said . "  Granted there are people who can eat pizza and can get a six-pack . For people struggling to get a six pack , you learn to eat properly , get in a gym and be consistent . You know what you need to do . Definitely , it would be easier to maintain it and more difficult to obtain it in the beginning . "	iReporter Jason Dinant on a quest for six-pack abs has sweet tooth binge Men 's Health model and fitness expert said falling off wagon is OK if temporary Dinant reports that so far , his abs are looking more like a four-pack He eats 16 egg whites , 1 1/4 pounds of meat , 4 cups of veggies , potatoes , rice a day
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama pledged Monday to make good on his promise to transform the Department of Veterans Affairs and said he would "  dramatically improve " mental health aid . President Obama and Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki , seen here last month , vow to increase aid . Flanked by Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki , the president said his budget calls for a $ 25 billion increase in funding for the VA over the next five years -- a commitment that will be tested by the needs of veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan . "  With this budget , we do n't just fully fund our Veterans Affairs health care program , we expand it to serve an additional 500,000 veterans by 2013 , " he said . He promised that the VA would "  dramatically improve services " related to mental health , post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury , and he said homeless veterans would be targeted for support . "  Those heroes have a home , " Obama said . "  It 's the country they served , the United States of America , and until we reach a day when not a single veteran sleeps on our nation 's streets , our work remains unfinished . "	Obama says budget calls for $ 25 billion increase in VA funding over next five years Homeless veterans will be targeted for support , Obama says Dramatically improved services planned for mental health , PTSD , brain injury
CNN  -- Football 's world governing body FIFA has provisionally suspended outgoing Executive Committee member Chuck Blazer for 90 days "  based on the fact that various breaches of the Code of Ethics appear to have been committed " by the American . The former general secretary of CONCACAF , the body which governs football in North and Central America and the Caribbean , has been barred from taking part in "  any kind of football-related activity " for a maximum period of 90 days . The decision was taken by Hans-Joachim Eckert , the chairman of the adjudicatory chamber of the FIFA Ethics Committee -- which opened investigation proceedings against Blazer , 68 , in response to a report filed by the CONCACAF Integrity Committee last month . "  The decision was taken following a request made by the acting deputy chairman of the investigatory chamber of the Ethics Committee , Robert Torres , based on the fact that various breaches of the FIFA Code of Ethics appear to have been committed by Chuck Blazer and that a decision on the main issue could not be taken early enough , " read a Fifa statement . The announcement comes less than one week after fellow FIFA executive committee member Vernon Manilal Fernando of Sri Lanka was banned for eight years for unethical behaviour . The CONCACAF report alleged that Blazer , who has been provisionally banned pending a full disciplinary hearing , received at least $ 15 million in addition to other funds that were used to buy and rent luxury apartments . Blazer , who has been the most senior American official at FIFA for the last 16 years , had previously said that he will give up his seat on the Executive Committee when his term expires at the end of this month . He resigned as CONCACAF 's general secretary in 2011 , after serving with the body for 21 years . In April , the head of CONCACAF 's integrity committee , David Simmons , described Blazer and his former boss , Trinidadian Jack Warner , as being ` fraudulent in their management ' of the continental organization . The former colleagues fell out in 2011 when Blazer reported Warner and Asian Football Confederation chief Mohamed bin Hammam to FIFA 's Ethics Committee , accusing the duo of trying to bribe Caribbean delegated to support the Qatari bin Hammam in that year 's FIFA presidential election . Blazer 's accusations led to the downfall of bin Hammam , the resignation of Warner as a FIFA vice president and CONCACAF leader , and sanctions against several Caribbean football officials . Now however , Blazer finds himself in the dock alongside Warner . Last month , Simmons accused both men of abusing their "  position and power " -- with Warner said to have failed to disclose the creation of a $ 25.9 million CONCACAF center of excellence on his land , while Blazer was accused of mismanaging funds . Both men have denied any wrongdoing . FIFA has been affected by numerous corruption scandals in recent times , which do not only involve the likes of Warner , Blazer and Manilal . Last week , former president Joao Havelange - who ruled the organization between 1974 and 1988 - resigned as FIFA 's honorary president after the 96-year-old was ruled to have taken bribes in a report by ethics chairman Eckert .	FIFA provisionally ban Executive Committee member Chuck Blazer for maximum of 90 days Move follows CONCACAF investigation into organization 's former general secretary in April American , 68 , had been set to quit FIFA Executive Committee at end of May
CNN  -- On Friday , Kanye West stopped a concert in Sydney to demand that everyone stand up . He looked around the crowd , pointing out those slow to rise . He said , "  Unless you got a handicap pass and you get special parking and s ** t , " he simply would not continue the show until everyone was on their feet . The crowd shouted , "  Stand up ! " or even , "  F *** ing stand up ! " After a minute , West pointed out two people who , he said , "  do n't want to stand up . " One of them waved a prosthetic leg in the air , so West turned to the last holdout . He demanded to know if the fan was in a wheelchair . The crowd laughed . He complained , "  This is the longest I 've had to wait to do a song , it 's unbelievable . " Finally , as the crowd was shouting that the fan was in a wheelchair , West sent a bodyguard to verify it , then finally started his song , "  The Good Life . " Reaction to this incident throughout social media and in numerous publications was swift and condemnatory . West , in return , lashed out at the media . But in fact , although West 's celebrity magnifies the story , the bigger issue here is that his demand that his fans prove their disability is entirely typical . Every day , in every context , people with disabilities get challenged to prove how disabled they are . This constant questioning isolates people with disabilities , increases stress and shame , and can lead directly to verbal or even physical abuse . Here are a few examples : A few weeks ago , actor George Takei shared a meme showing a woman standing up from a wheelchair at a grocery store to reach a liquor bottle . The caption , "  There has been a miracle in the alcohol isle , " suggested that this woman was n't really that disabled if she could stand up to get some booze . Disability advocates protested and Takei initially told them to lighten up , but he has subsequently apologized . I was alerted to the story by a woman who can walk about 100 feet before needing her chair , and who goes through life worried about being accused of faking . The parking lot , with its handicapped spots , can be particularly fraught for people with invisible disabilities . On my Facebook page , one of my readers remarked that , "  All I see are looks of disapproval , barely veiled disgust and constant scrutiny . I 'd gladly trade my ` good ' parking space for being able to walk more than 25 yards at a time . " Who knows how many people with invisible disabilities , managing pain , enjoying the concert , were forced to their feet by the glare of Kanye West and the peer pressure of the shouting crowd ? Invisible disability also gets people in trouble with the law . When a disabled person does n't react the way a law enforcement officer thinks he or she should , violence often follows . But visible disability is no protection . In 2008 , as shown in a disturbing video , a Florida deputy did n't believe a man who had been arrested on a traffic violation was really a quadriplegic , so she dumped him onto the floor to see if he would use his legs out of duress . These are just a few of the ways we constantly demand that people with disabilities prove themselves . We do it because , to the not-disabled , claiming disability seems to have a kind of power . Thanks to the Americans with Disabilities Act , to claim disability is to ask for reasonable accommodation -- accessible buildings , more time on tests , audible formats for books , Social Security disability payments , and more . Too many people seem to regard the request to accommodate as a burden and meet such requests with suspicion . The not-disabled exercise their privilege by demanding that people prove their disabilities ; then , all too often , proof just generates pity , not understanding or inclusion . By demanding everyone rise , by calling out the disabled members of his audience even as he grudgingly tolerated their inability to stand , West was being totally normal . If you think what he did was wrong , remember that the next time you are tempted to stare down someone walking from a handicapped spot at the grocery store . Remember that the next time someone managing pain ca n't make it into work . Remember that the next time a student needs a little more time on a test . Because the problem is n't that West was so thoughtless , although he was . The problem is that he learned this thoughtlessness from us .	Kanye West insisted audience members stand before he would sing song in Australia concert He relented when those who did n't stand turned out to have disabilities David Perry says it 's not at all unusual for people to be asked to prove their disabilities Perry : Do n't blame just Kanye West for conduct that many of us routinely engage in
CNN  -- Colin Kaepernick is trying not to get caught up in the national story that he has become -- one that landed on the cover of Sports Illustrated this week , and one that 'll just keeping growing if he leads the San Francisco 49ers to the Super Bowl with a win in Atlanta on Sunday . Still , he ca n't help but allow himself a few glimpses into the hysteria . They usually come while sitting at the computer , looking through photos of strangers replicating his touchdown celebration , flexing his arm and kissing his bicep , in unusual places . "  I saw a girl Kaepernicking while she was riding a horse , " he said at a news conference this week in San Francisco . Yes , it is a word now -- Kaepernicking -- just like the phenomena surrounding another quarterback unafraid to run with the football . But unlike Tim Tebow , whose celebration of kneeling in the end zone in prayer became known as "  Tebowing , " there are plenty of reasons to think Kaepernick will have staying power in the NFL . He will start just his ninth career game against the Falcons on Sunday , with the NFC Championship on the line . But already , teams have struggled to defend against his speed as a runner and his improving accuracy as a passer . Kaepernick rushed for 181 yards , a playoff record for a quarterback , and threw with 263 and two touchdowns in a playoff win against Green Bay last week . NFL serves up barn burners Here are seven reasons why you 'll be hearing plenty about No. 7 on the 49ers , in this season and beyond : 1 . The tattoos . Might as well start here , because if you 've seen a 49ers game in the second half of the season , you had to notice that Kaepernick  pronounced KAP-er-nick  has plenty of them . They were at the center of a media firestorm in December when a columnist for AOL/Sporting News wrote , "  NFL quarterback is the ultimate position of influence and responsibility . He is the CEO of a high-profile organization , and you do n't want your CEO to look like he just got paroled . " His family was outraged . "  Are you categorizing this kid on something like tattoos ? " his mother , Teresa , told USA Today . Kaepernick had a 4.0 GPA in high school and is active in charities . As for the tattoos ? The ones on his biceps are Bible verses , and the words across his chest say , "  Against All Odds . " Besides : Tattoos are hardly viewed negatively , especially among young people . 2 . He can run . The tattoos might make people notice Kaepernick , but his playing style makes it impossible to stop watching him . Of the four quarterbacks still alive in the NFL playoffs , he is unique . Tom Brady  New England  , Joe Flacco  Baltimore  and Matt Ryan  Atlanta  are all classic drop-back passers who run as a last resort . Kaepernick runs the 40-yard dash in about 4.5 seconds , which is exceptionally good for a quarterback . He does n't want to be known as a "  running quarterback , " a tag that has dogged several two-dimensional quarterbacks to come before him . "  When I got into high school , college , I watched Vince Young , Michael Vick a lot ,  Donovan  McNabb , watched the old clips of  Randall  Cunningham , " Kaepernick said . "  They were all quarterbacks that were mobile and could make plays . " The key is not complicated : "  Run where they 're not . You want to run away from where the defensive players are . When they get close , get down . " 3 . He can throw . Defenses would be unwise to dismiss Kaepernick as a passer . He has completed 62.4 % of his throws this season for 1,814 yards , with 10 touchdowns and -- maybe most important for a team with a stellar defense -- just three interceptions . Plus , there 's a maturity in his game . His coach , former NFL quarterback Jim Harbaugh , is impressed with his ability to shake off bad plays . "  As a quarterback and you throw an interception in a game , there 's just a tendency the next time to double check things , " Harbaugh said . "  You 're double checking , then double checking . And that 's not the way to do it . So you want him to be trusting what he sees and cut it loose . And I think he 's shown a rare ability to not do that , to not have to double check . " 4 . He has the perfect coach . Kaepernick would still be another mostly anonymous backup if Harbaugh had n't made one of the gutsiest decisions of the NFL season . Harbaugh replaced Alex Smith , who had played well during the season and led the team to the brink of the Super Bowl in 2011 , with the untested second-year pro . It was n't just a leap of faith . In the eight quarters that preceded a concussion injury , Smith had completed 32 of 35 passes for 385 yards with five touchdowns . Think about that : He had more touchdowns than incomplete passes . Still , Harbaugh is a former quarterback who saw another dimension in Kaepernick , and one who will be able to build an offensive system around his strengths . 5 . He 's on a team on the rise . Good quarterbacks make their teams better , of course . But the opposite is true . Kaepernick was n't stepping into a desperate situation when he took charge in San Francisco . He was taking over a contender . San Francisco , which lost to the Giants in the NFC championship game a year ago on a late field goal , has one of the best running backs in the game in Frank Gore  1,214 yards  and the second stingiest defense  allowing 17.1 points a game  . He also has an elite young target in receiver Michael Crabtree , who caught 85 passes for 1,105 yards and nine touchdowns . Kaepernick 's play is a major reason the 49ers are four-point favorites on the road , even though Atlanta rarely loses in the Georgia Dome . 6 . The letter . Everyone likes a good backstory . Kaepernick has a terrific one . He was born in Milwaukee in 1987 and adopted by his parents , Rick and Teresa , who had lost two infants to a congenital heart disease . The family moved to California when Colin was 4 , and quickly his talent as an athlete became clear . The kid noticed , too . He wrote a letter to himself as a fourth grader not only predicting that he 'd be a quarterback in the NFL , but also that he 'd play for the 49ers or the Packers . Here he is . 7 . Kaepernicking . Hey , it certainly does n't hurt , in this era , to be trending on social media . The San Francisco Chronicle asked readers to send photos of them Kaepernicking , and did they ever respond . In front of a frozen waterfall . On the top of a mountain . At Disneyland . On top of a motor home . As far as letting the hype get to him , Kaepernick said the new fame had n't changed anything . "  I go home . I watch my film . I watch anything on TV but sports , and I go to bed and come back and do it the same way the next day . " If he wins his next game , he 'll wake up as a Super Bowl quarterback . And an even bigger story .	Colin Kaepernick flexes and kisses his bicep when he scores a touchdown The celebratory move of the San Francisco 49ers quarterback is known as Kaepernicking His bicep tattoos are Bible verses ; he runs the 40-yard dash in about 4.5 seconds In fourth grade , Kaepernick predicted he 'd be a quarterback for the 49ers or Packers
CNN  -- Massachusetts is appealing a federal judge 's ruling that the state must pay for the sex-change surgery of a transsexual prison inmate . "  Following a thorough review of the decision , we believe the court failed to give due deference to the fact that the Department  of Correction  has and continues to provide adequate medical treatment to address inmate Kosilek 's gender identity disorder , " said Diane Wiffin , public affairs director for the Massachusetts Department of Correction , in a statement Wednesday . In an unprecedented court order earlier this month , U. S. District Court Chief Judge Mark L. Wolf determined that sex-reassignment surgery was the "  only adequate treatment " for Michelle Kosilek , who was previously known as Robert . Kosilek has been incarcerated in an all-male prison , serving a life sentence without parole for murdering his wife in 1990 . Wolf ruled "  that there is no less intrusive means to correct the prolonged violation of Kosilek 's Eighth Amendment right to adequate medical care . " Kosilek 's attorney 's office declined to comment Thursday , citing the pending appeal . The ruling September 6 sparked some heated reaction . U.S. Sen. Scott Brown , R-Massachusetts , said the court 's decision was "  an outrageous abuse of taxpayer dollars . " State Senate Minority Leader Bruce Tarr commended the Department of Correction in a statement Wednesday "  for standing up and opposing this outrageous request and for taking the necessary action to prevent it from being legitimized by a legal decision . " There was no immediate reaction from the office of Gov. Deval Patrick . Many from the transgender community say the ruling should stand . "  Prisoners have a right to necessary medical care , and this is indisputably medical care , as the very strong district court decision established . There really is no legal ground for this appeal , " Jennifer Levi , the director of the Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders ' transgender rights project , said in a statement released Wednesday with the Massachusetts Transgender Political Coalition . "  Care that is medically necessary for prisoners can not be denied based on public opinion , " said Gunner Scott , executive director of the Massachusetts Transgender Political Coalition . It was n't until 1999 , when Kosilek first filed suit after repeatedly asking the prison for treatment for her disorder , that the court recognized her medical needs , according to Frances Cohen , one of Kosilek 's lawyers . In 2002 , the court found that the Department of Correction had refused to provide Kosilek with the proper medical treatment she needed , as had been prescribed by the department 's doctors . That year , Kosilek began to receive psychotherapy and hormone treatments . According to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons , with all operations , therapy , hormone injections and electrolysis , the cost of sex reassignment surgery can range from $ 30,000 to $ 80,000 . Court documents show Kosilek attempted to castrate herself and tried to commit suicide twice while incarcerated in an all-male prison in Norfolk . The court ruling left it up to the Department of Correction to decide where Kosilek will be incarcerated after the surgery . Treatment guidelines for Gender Identity Disorder in development	The state says it 's giving Michelle Kosilek adequate treatment for her disorder A federal judge ruled Sept. 6 that sex-change surgery was the only adequate treatment Kosilek twice attempted to castrate herself , court documents show
CNN  -- The British royal family has a long history with the sea . Queen Elizabeth II 's much beloved Royal Yacht Britannia carried members of the monarchy on almost 1000 official voyages over 44 years , from her launch in 1953 to her decommissioning in 1997 . Her Majesty was seen wiping a tear away at the farewell ceremony for Britannia , which was launched in 1953 with a dual purpose - to provide royal travel around the Commonwealth and to act as a hospital ship in time of war . Now UK media reports that Conservative member of parliament Michael Gove has suggested the Queen should be given a new yacht to mark this year 's diamond jubilee . What would go into designing a yacht fit for the Queen of England ? We ask some yacht designers what they would do if they received the commission of a lifetime . A "  timeless " creation "  Any royal yacht is around for some time , " says Ken Freviokh . "  It needs to be timeless and look as good in ten years time as it did on its launch . " The yacht designer would draw on the last Britannia as a source of inspiration for a new royal yacht . He says a highlight of the vessel is its "  beautiful " proportions which he would replicate for his own creation . "  It should embody the elegance of the old Britannia , but equally it could be a little bit daring , " adds Freviokh . But while taking inspiration from the 125 meter yacht , the designer insists it should not be a copy . "  A new royal yacht should n't be conventional , " he says . "  But it should n't have any ` trendy ' solutions , it needs to be quite distinguished . " Flexibility is essential for a head of state 's yacht according to Freviokh . From official tours of the Commonwealth to honeymoons , the last Britannia was used for a range of activities . Freviokh would design large spaces that can be opened up when entertaining , and closed in with glass when the weather commands . "  It has to be a little bit of a transformer , " he continues . "  The area needs to be used all year around in all temperatures , from the warm Mediterranean to the cooler northern waters near Scotland . " Royal superyachts : How kings and queens sail the sea It 's not all business for the royals , and Freviokh says he 'd take into account the more intimate occasions when creating spaces , allowing a banquet room to be converted into smaller family areas . "  People should melt " Tony Castro wants onlookers to be captivated by any royal yacht he would design . "  People should melt when they see it , " the designer says . "  It should immediately send out a message . " Castro would take into consideration the role a royal vessel plays when designing one . He says the boat is a great tool to promote the country and grab people 's attention , whether they are heads of state , captains of industry or fundraisers . "  It 's a great way to get people together to sell a message -- no one could turn down an invitation to the royal yacht . " Castro says the yacht must display the best of local talent -- technically perfect so it can "  show off Britain 's capabilities " and modern . But Castro says any futuristic design should not include "  wacky " features . "  It ca n't be too much about the fashion . " The cost-savvy approach In times of austerity , questions would be raised over the cost of any new royal yacht at the expense of the taxpayers . With that in mind Stephen Huish believes he has the solution for any penny-pinching royal -- buy second-hand . HMS Victory : World 's oldest warship to get $ 25m facelift "  In the current market , it 's so much cheaper to buy an existing yacht and re-fit and condition it , " says Huish . He thinks a complete interior overhaul and a good paint job would suffice . But Huish insists that does not mean that style would be compromised . "  Extravagant areas could be done with more lavish woods , " he explains . "  The outside should be modern but I do n't think the royal family would go for a highly modern interior , it would have to be traditional , " says the designer who thinks furnishing should be classic with a slight modern twist such as simple mouldings made out of wood . Huish also highlights the need for flexibility . "  I would have large VIP guest cabins where bulkheads could be cut off so it could be broken off into two or three rooms if need be . " But if the Queen did not want a pre-loved model , Huish believes there 's never been a better time to commission a yacht with an industry facing tough economic challenges ; the royal is more likely to get more for her pound .	A UK politician has suggested the Queen should be given a new yacht to mark this year 's diamond jubilee CNN asked some yacht designers what they would do if they received the commission Timeless , captivating and cost-savvy designs have been suggested
CNN  -- American sixth seed Andy Roddick denied Rafael Nadal a third final appearance at the Sony Ericsson Open in Miami after another sensational serving performance on Friday . Roddick , the tournament 's 2004 champion , will face Tomas Berdych in Sunday 's title match after coming from behind to defeat Spanish fourth seed Nadal 4-6 6-3 6-3 in the semis at Key Biscayne . He has won an incredible 62 of his last 64 service games , reaching the final of two successive Masters 1000 events for the first time since 2003 , when he went on to win the U.S. Open . Roddick , beaten in the Indian Wells title match by Ivan Ljubicic two weeks ago , broke Nadal 's serve at 4-3 up in the second set with three forehand winners and then held to love to level the match . He again broke his fellow former world No. 1 in the third game of the decider and held serve to claim his first win in the last four meetings between the two . "  I knew I had to be more aggressive . My heavy forehand does n't work against him , so I had to hit it flatter , which is higher risk . I took really , really ridiculous cuts at a lot of forehands , " Roddick told the ATP Tour Web site . "  I took a lot of risk there in the last two sets . My comfort zone of moving the ball around and maybe chipping it around a little bit does n't work against Rafa . I had to try to come up with something that at least took him out of his comfort zone a little bit , and it paid off . " Nadal was not too disheartened , having reached the semifinals in his two outings since suffering a knee injury at the Australian Open in January . "  Two semifinals in a row , first two Masters 1000 of the season for me is positive , " Nadal said . "  Positive American hardcourt season , first part . So , yeah , happy for that . " Berdych continued his giantkilling run as he followed up his victories over world No. 1 Roger Federer and 10th seed Fernando Verdasco by crushing Swedish fifth seed Robin Soderling 6-2 6-2 . The Czech , seeded 16th , has gone one better than his last-four achievement in Miami last year as he qualified for only his second Masters final . "  In all my matches with Robin in the past I 've been too defensive . If you give him time to hit the ball hard it 's really tough , " Berdych said . "  I wanted to play more aggressive , but without making mistakes . "	Andy Roddick reaches final in Miami , coming from behind to beat fourth seed Rafael Nadal American sixth seed triumphs 4-6 6-3 6-3 as he seeks to follow up title from 2004 He will face Tomas Berdych in Sunday 's final after Czech upset fifth seed Robin Soderling The 16th seed followed up his fourth-round triumph over world No. 1 Roger Federer
CNN  -- Michael Phelps repeated his record breaking feat of winning three straight Olympic gold medals in the same event with a gutsy victory in the men 's 100m butterfly Friday . It was the 17th gold medal of his remarkable career , the 21st overall , and his final swim in an individual race before retiring after the London Games . Phelps had won the 200m Individual Medley Thursday night to create Games history for a male swimmer for successive Olympic victories and was not to be denied in the sprint butterfly . The American superstar was only seventh at the turn but powered past the field to win in 51.21 seconds . South African Chad le Clos , who had pipped him to gold in the 200m butterfly , and Russian Evgeny Korotyshkin shared silver , both clocking 51.44 . "  I am just happy that the last one was a win . It 's very special , " Phelps told BBC Sport . He will round off his efforts in the medley relay final Saturday where the U.S. are favored to win . It was to prove another superb night for Phelps ' teammates with 15-year-old Katie Ledecky upsetting home favorite and defending champion Rebecca Adlington in the 800m freestyle final . Ledecky led from the first length at the London Aquatics Centre to come within half a second of breaking Adlington 's world record set in her 2008 Beijing triumph . She touched in eight minutes 14.63 seconds ahead of Mireia Belmonte Garcia of Spain in silver with Adlington in bronze . Britain 's main hope for a swimming gold also took bronze in the 400m free . Ledecky said she received a good luck message from Phelps before the final . "  Michael is the first Olympian I ever met before I started swimming at the U.S. Nationals in 2002 or 2003 in Maryland , so to get a good luck before the race really calmed me down and I was ready to swim my race , " she said . Adlington tried to swallow her disappointment with a defiant message . "  Everyone expected me to get a gold medal . I am so proud . I have been in four Olympic finals and got four medals , so that 's nothing to be ashamed of , but I was disappointed with the time , " she told BBC . The third gold of the penultimate night of finals for the U.S. came from teenage sensation Missy Franklin in the women 's 200m backstroke . It was the 17-year-old 's third gold of the Games and she did it in style with a world record of two minutes 4.06 seconds to have clear water between herself and second placed Anastasia Zueva of Russia . Franklin 's teammate Elizabeth Beisel took the bronze . "  It feels absolutely amazing , I ca n't think of a better way to end my individual events , " Franklin said . Frenchman Florent Manaudou prevented a U.S. clean sweep of gold with a shock win in the men 's 50m freestyle . Manaudou , 21 , the younger brother of former Olympic women 's 400m freestyle champion Laure , hit the took victory in 21.34 seconds . Cullen Jones of the United States took the silver with Brazilian world record holder Cesar Cielo in the bronze medal position .	Michael Phelps wins men 's 100m butterfly for 17th Olympic gold medal Missy Franklin breaks world record to win women 's 200m backstroke Katie Ledecky shocks home favorite Rebecca Adlington in women 's 800m Florent Manaudou of France prevents U.S. clean sweep in men 's 50 free
CNN  -- The battle for men 's tennis supremacy in 2012 will boil down to the U.S. Open at Flushing Meadows , according to former world number one Jim Courier . The American Davis Cup captain has watched the world 's top players at close quarters this year and believes there is nothing to divide Australian Open champion Novak Djokovic , Wimbledon winner Roger Federer and Olympic gold medalist Andy Murray . Rafael Nadal would also come into that category , but the French Open champion will miss the New York event with a knee injury which also prevented him taking part at London 2012 . "  The winner of the final slam of the season will have added a second major title to their record and can justifiably claim to be No. 1 , " Courier told CNN 's Open Court ahead of Monday 's opening matches at the two-week hard-court tournament . The four-time grand slam champion said Murray 's Olympic triumph in the men 's singles this month , when where he beat Federer in straight sets in the final , had elevated him to the same status as the other three . "  It used to be three and a half , now it 's the big four , " Courier said . "  Murray has momentum with him and has been unbelievably consistent . " But when pressed to predict the winner in New York , Courier opted for defending champion Djokovic , believing he can return to the form which saw him totally dominate in 2011 "  and on his best surface . " The Serbian started his North American hard court swing by easily retaining his Toronto Masters crown where he beat Richard Gasquet in straight sets in the final . He ca n't reclaim the No. 1 ranking from Federer even if he wins the September 8 final , but it would set him up for the end-of-year honors ahead of November 's ATP World Tour Finals . Murray upbeat about U.S. Open despite crashing in Cincinnati World No. 4 Murray won his opening match in Canada but then withdrew with a knee injury , and suffered a shock early exit in Cincinnati as he failed to defend his title . With Federer also in superb form , thrashing Djokovic in the Cincinnati final , Courier can not see outside the top three seeds . But he nominated 2009 champion Juan Martin Del Potro , who took Olympic bronze at Wimbledon , French world No. 6 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and John Isner , who has performed heroics in the U.S. march to the semifinals of the Davis Cup , as dangerous outsiders . "  You would not have any of those in your part of the draw , " he said . For Courier , who won two Australian Opens and two French Open crowns , the choice of women 's champion is easier . "  Serena Williams , " said the 42-year-old , who lost in the finals of the 1991 U.S Open and Wimbledon two years later . "  She played ridiculously well in the Olympics . " Wimbledon champion Williams will be bidding for her fourth U.S. Open crown and 15th grand slam title , but she surprisingly lost to Australian Samantha Stosur in last year 's final when looking similarly invincible . She also slipped up in the WTA event in Cincinnati this month with a quarterfinal loss to Angelique Kerber -- her first defeat since exiting early at the French Open in June . After the U.S. Open , Courier will take the U.S. team to Gijon to face Davis Cup champions Spain as the Americans bid to reach the final for the first time since 2007 . They thrashed Federer 's Switzerland team 5-0 in February and beat Tsonga 's France 3-2 in April . "  We 're not going to beat the Spaniards -- but we were n't going to beat the Swiss or the French either , " Courier said . "  You look on paper at our matches this year -- away , on clay , against great teams -- we should be playing a relegation match now rather than the semifinals . "  The Bryan brothers , they 've won everything , done everything . Isner 's been a real threat to everyone he 's played in Davis Cup and Mardy Fish came up big for us in Switzerland with a singles win and doubles win . We 've put together a true team effort . " Courier will be taking on some of the finest tennis players in modern history in the 12-city Powershare Champions Series that he helped create . John McEnroe , Andre Agassi , Jimmy Connors and Michael Chang will be among the big names taking part in a whistlestop tour of the U.S. from mid October to the end of November .	U.S. Open next month pivotal in deciding player of year in 2012 Four different winners of men 's grand slams and the Olympic singles crown U.S. Davis Cup captain Jim Courier picks Novak Djokovic to retain men 's title He believes Serena Williams overwhelming favorite for women 's crown
CNN  -- Dazzling beaches , pulsing jungles , rich underwater life and friendly locals greet visitors to the Philippines ' Palawan province , made up of about 1,700 islands along the country 's western edge . A top destination for nature lovers , Lonely Planet describes Palawan as "  a magnificent , coral-fringed range of jungle-clad mountainous islands jutting up dramatically from the Sulu Sea . " iReporter Rebecca High , 22 , recently visited friends serving in the Peace Corps in Palawan . High , currently living in Seoul , South Korea , was struck by the contrast between the area 's poverty and its remarkable natural beauty . She answered six questions about her experience on iReport.com : Top not-to-be-missed experience . Why ? Riding the bus from Puerto Princesa up through the heart of the island to El Nido , at the northern shore ... it 's the ultimate Filipino experience : crowded into a small dirty bus with open windows and beautiful people of all ages and stories . Plus you have time to marvel at the rugged beauty , squalor , and everything in between . First impression , and did it change ? Waiting for a connecting flight from Manila to Puerto Princesa , I came face-to-face with this sign on the back of a bathroom stall : "  Life is a process not a destination , a mystery to be lived , not a problem to be solved . " It was the perfect motto to confront after a stressful week at work and mad rush to the airport that morning . I walked out of the bathroom and looked out the huge windows of the airport , across the runway to the green hills and palms beyond . And I knew that this would be a life-changing adventure . My impression did n't change , and I consider my time in Palawan a very worthwhile education . Share your trips on iReport.com : Just back from Lasting memory Discovering hidden lagoons , caves , islands , and seeing my first in-the-wild sea turtle while snorkeling off Taytay and El Nido . Three adjectives that capture this place Engaging , enigmatic , diverse Biggest surprise Wow , dirt roads and motorcycle taxis in the island 's capital ? This is third world ! But these boys are the most adorable and respectful shuttle drivers I 've ever had ! I did indeed love it , but traveling with American Peace Corps -LSB- volunteers -RSB- and through the rural Philippines is hard work ! It 's well worth it , though . I did n't want the typical Boracay beach resort experience , and I surely did n't get it ! Most delicious food , drink or place to eat Stuffed squid in El Nido was memorable , mango and avocado shakes were divine , and one of the best cottages and kitchens of all was La Casa Rosa in Taytay . Overlooking the old fort and the bay , they served us lomi  noodles  , adobo , pizza , and San Miguel -LSB- beer -RSB- as the living jungle around us hummed into the wee small hours . Have you been to the Philippines ? Share your tips in the comments section below .	Palawan province is made up of about 1,700 islands iReporter Rebecca High describes it as "  engaging , enigmatic , diverse " "  I did n't want the typical Boracay beach resort experience , " High said
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A man walks around the side of a building , footsteps falling in time to the heartbeat of a driving pop soundtrack , pulls out a pistol and guns down another man . Tony Servillo as arch-manipulator and seven time Italian Prime Minister , Guilio Andreotti , in Paolo Sorrentino 's "  Il Divo . " A montage of grisly murders follows , all with the same infectious pop song pounding in the background . It 's edge-of-the-seat stuff and it 's only the opening sequence of gifted Italian director Paolo Sorrentino 's biopic of Italian politician Giulio Andreotti , "  Il Divo . " Sorrentino 's film chronicles the career of probably the most important and controversial politico in Italy 's recent history . But , more than that , it pins Andreotti to the specimen board and dissects his character without mercy . The film caught the eye of the judges at Cannes Film Festival last year where it picked up the Jury Prize . Predictably , Andreotti did n't react well to the film . "  He was very angry , " recalls Sorrentino . Now 91 years-old , Andreotti has been Prime Minister of Italy seven times . His Christian Democrat Party was the leading force in Italian politics as a one-party system for four decades . The rules of the game were shattered in the early 1990s by "  Tangentopoli " or Bribesville -- a corruption scandal that laid bare some of the government 's unsavory practices , ruining careers and resulting in the suicides of some leading politicians . Andreotti himself was implicated in illegal activities , including connections to the Mafia , but was finally acquitted of all charges . Today , he is a senator for life . Something of the man 's influence in all spheres of Italian public life becomes clear when Sorrentino -- who says he is not a political director , "  only in this case " -- explains how hard he found it to fund the film . "  In Italy nobody wanted to finance the film because everybody was scared , " Sorrentino told CNN . "  He has been a very powerful man for many years . " Sorrentino managed eventually to secure funding from a private source . "  It is not easy for Italian companies to put money in this project , so we did it with the private money of very courageous individuals , " he said . Sorrentino picks up the Andreotti story at the beginning of the 1990s , just prior to his implication in the scandal , as he is about to assume power for the seventh time . A good deal of "  Il Divo 's " success lies in a stunning portrayal of Andreotti by Naples-born actor Toni Servillo , who is a veteran of three of Sorrentino 's other films including 2006 's "  The Consequences of Love . " Servillo 's Andreotti is a stiff , impassive tortoise of a man . With a hunched back , skinny sloping shoulders and strange drooping ears , Andreotti appears physically frail . He is beset by headaches -- indeed , the opening scene of the film shows him with a head full of acupuncture needles trying to get rid of one -- a taste of the mix of drama and humor that informs the rest of the film . But where the body is weak the will is strong and in Andreotti 's wit and cunning intelligence -- "  I know I 'm an average man , but looking around I do n't see any giants " -- there is a sense of a man who can and will do anything to stay in power . "  I have always wanted to make a film about Andreotti , " says Sorrentino . "  He is so psychologically complex that everyone has been intrigued by him over the years . "  It 's a political film but at the same time a film about a complex character from a psychological point of view . " For a long time , though , Sorrentino was convinced that the vast amounts of literature written about the man could never be distilled into a structure that would work on film -- "  It made my head spin , " he remembers . While Sorrentino almost had too much material to mine while researching Andreotti 's public life , it was impossible to get access to details of his home life . Sorrentino had to go on instinct and imagine life behind the scenes for the great man . Something that made aspects of Andreotti 's response to the film very puzzling . "  He told everything was false , a lie , about his public life and at the same time he said the film was very precise about his private life , " recalls Sorrentino . "  But all the public things in the film are documented . It 's on record that the events took place . "  The trials , the letters , the diary of Aldo Moro , the Prime Minister who was kidnapped by the Red Brigade and held in captivity for 55 days .  Andreotti was Prime Minister at the time and decided not to negotiate with the terrorists and they killed him . "  And about the private life I invented everything . " One of the most surprising things about the 39-year-old director 's film is the soundtrack . Full of rock , pop , electronica -- "  Nux Vomica " by The Veils an indie band from New Zealand and "  Toop Toop " by French electro artists Cassius -- mixed in with classical music like Vivaldi and Sibelius . It 's incongruous but it delivers a hefty emotional punch . "  The idea was to make a rock opera about a man very far from rock , " says Sorrentino . "  I did n't want to do a traditional biopic . "	Paolo Sorrentino 's "  Il Divo " chronicles the career of Italian politician Guilio Andreotti Seven time Prime Minister was implicated in 1990s political corruption scandal Film is a psychological study of man who has fascinated Italy for years Sorrentino found it hard to fund the film because people were scared of Andreotti
CNN  -- New champions , multiple first-time finalists , big names battling to regain glories -- this has been arguably the most unpredictable tennis season in over 15 years . And there could be more surprises to come . The four grand slams are done and dusted , but places at the year-end championships are still up for grabs for both the men and women . But before we move on to the final leg of the season , it 's time to look back at the sport 's biggest tournaments and draw some conclusions . Here are five of them . Maria is becoming a clay-court specialist Let 's clarify that . Maria Sharapova is still able to go deep at hard-court events , but of the Russian 's 10 titles since the end of 2010 , only two -- Indian Wells last year and Cincinnati in 2011 -- have come on surfaces other than clay . At the grand slams , Sharapova has won the French Open twice and been a runner-up in her three most recent visits to Paris , while reaching the semis in 2011 , but the last time she appeared in a final at the other three majors was at the 2012 Australian Open . This year 's trip to Roland Garros bailed Sharapova out -- the 27-year-old did n't get to the quarterfinals in Melbourne , London and New York . Perhaps in the years ahead , Sharapova might tweak her clay-court schedule to make it less taxing . Her prospects at Wimbledon next year should be better with an extra week between the French Open and the grass-court event . The men 's ` Big Four ' are more vulnerable When Marin Cilic defeated Kei Nishikori at the U.S. Open in early September , it meant that for the first time in a season since 2003 , two players not named Roger Federer , Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic or Andy Murray won a men 's grand slam singles title . Stan Wawrinka , you 'll recall , opened the season by claiming the Australian Open . It was also the first time since the 2005 Australian Open that none of the "  Big Four " showed up in a grand slam final . But is this the end of grand slam dominance by the acclaimed quartet -- who have bagged a combined 40 majors ? Maybe not . While Wawrinka has always owned the game to overpower opponents , his victory over Nadal in January 's Australian Open final had much to do with the Spaniard 's back injury . Remember that Nadal possessed a 12-0 record against Wawrinka , without dropping a set , entering the finale . If Nadal had won the title in Melbourne , Cilic 's triumph in New York would be regarded as a blip instead of potentially the lessening of the established stars ' grip . If we 're looking for the main reason why the Big Four 's rivals gained ground this year , injuries to Nadal -- who did n't play at Flushing Meadows due to a wrist problem -- and Murray physically struggling to recover from back surgery in 2013 , should be right up there . Even Cilic admitted the chasing pack got "  lucky . " "  I think the guys from the second line were a bit lucky because Andy Murray was also having trouble with his back ; Wawrinka was up and down with his tennis after Australia , " he told reporters in New York . "  A few other players were not playing the best all the time . "  And Rafa is not here . So that opened a little bit the gate for everybody else . " Now , if two players outside the Big Four win majors in 2015 ... Federer is back as a grand slam contender Speaking of injuries ... Federer 's back problems contributed to a poor summer in 2013 , which included a second-round exit at Wimbledon and fourth-round loss at the U.S. Open . But the Swiss ' health recovery and larger racket led to a return to the later rounds at grand slams in 2014 . He reached at least the semifinals in three majors -- with Ernests Gulbis accounting for Federer in the fourth round at Roland Garros -- and was a set away from winning his 18th major at Wimbledon . Gulbis began the year strong , so the outspoken Latvian 's win was hardly as surprising as those of Sergiy Stakhovsky and Tommy Robredo against Federer in London and New York last year . Federer 's increased forays to the net shorten points and thus figure to add to his longevity , but his net points won in his four losses at grand slams this year -- 59.9 % -- shows you how difficult it is to enjoy success with such tactics against the best opposition . Although Federer did n't win a grand slam in 2014 , a big title could be on the way . Switzerland is favored to win the Davis Cup after reaching the final last weekend , and if that happens , the only thing missing from Federer 's overflowing trophy cabinet will be an Olympic singles gold . French Open warmup tournaments did n't mean much for Nadal If buildup tournaments were anything to go by , Nadal was n't supposed to win the French Open . By his standards , the man who is regularly called the King of Clay slumped in Monte Carlo and Barcelona , and lost to Djokovic in the Rome final . His lone title during the European clay-court swing came in Madrid , and even then his camp said he was fortunate because Nishikori was injured . The Japanese player bossed proceedings until , feeling the effects of a back injury , he was forced to retire at 3-0 in the third set . But once Nadal entered the grounds at Roland Garros , that was all irrelevant . He progressed to the final in 712 minutes -- his quickest route to the final in nine visits -- and rallied to overcome Djokovic to preserve his unblemished record in those finals . As for Djokovic , he -- not for the first time -- wilted in the heat . Having won his second Wimbledon title in July , and then got married , he stumbled in stifling conditions at the U.S. Open . As his coach Boris Becker put it , "  the sun hit Novak first " in his semifinal loss to Nishikori . There was plenty of variety How rare was it to have eight different singles winners at the grand slams ? Very . Only twice since the Open Era began in 1968 had it previously happened : 1990  Steffi Graf , Monica Seles , Martina Navratilova , Gabriela Sabatini ; Ivan Lendl , Andres Gomez , Stefan Edberg , Pete Sampras  and 1998  Martina Hingis , Arantxa Sanchez-Vicario , Jana Novotna , Lindsay Davenport ; Petr Korda , Carlos Moya , Pete Sampras , Patrick Rafter  . The way Serena Williams cruised in New York for her 18th major , she has to be the favorite to pick up multiple grand slams in 2015 . However , Williams wo n't be a shoe-in given how the Australian Open , French Open and Wimbledon unfolded this year . The top-ranked American failed to reach the quarterfinals in all of the other majors -- an almost unthinkable situation given her dominance at the end of last season . It opened the way for three first-time women 's finalists -- Dominika Cibulkova , Simona Halep and Eugenie Bouchard -- while Caroline Wozniacki played a grand slam title match for the first time since 2009 . Williams and Djokovic won the respective season-ending championships in 2014 , but who will triumph at the WTA Finals in Singapore next month and the ATP 's London showpiece in November very much remains to be seen .	Tennis ' grand slams came to an end this year when Marin Cilic won the U.S. Open First time in a season since 2003 two players outside men 's "  Big Four " won a major But injuries may have played a part , especially for Spain 's Rafael Nadal Maria Sharapova prospered on the clay in Paris but struggled elsewhere at majors
CNN  -- A powerful magnitude 7.4 earthquake struck off the coast of El Salvador late Sunday , the U.S. Geological Survey reported The epicenter of the quake was about 177 kilometers  110 miles  southeast of the capital , San Salvador , and took place nearly 33 miles underground . Some minor shaking was reported . There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries . A tsunami warning was issued by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center for El Salvador and the neighboring countries of Costa Rica , Nicaragua , Honduras , Guatemala , Panama and Mexico . A small wave caused by the quake was recorded at Acajutla , El Salvador , measuring about 10 centimeters  4 inches  . El Salvador is on the so-called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . CNN 's Jessica King , Merlin Delcid and Norman Powell contributed to this report .	NEW : A small wave of about 10 centimeters  4 inches  was recorded at Acajutla , El Salvador The earthquake took place nearly 53 kilometers  33 miles  underground There were reports of minor shaking , but no damage or injuries The region is prone to earthquakes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States Agency for International Development , USAID , on Monday urged the Cuban government to think again about its refusal of direct U.S. assistance for hurricane victims . "  We call on the Cuban government to reconsider their decision on the United States offer , which we made with no preconditions and whose only objective was to get relief to people in dire need . " USAID administrator Henrietta Fore said in a Monday afternoon conference call with reporters . Fore said the United States over the weekend had offered to begin relief flights as soon as Tuesday to Cuba , on civilian aircraft , delivering plastic sheeting , blankets and hygiene kits . The first flight would have brought aid worth $ 349,000 . "  And while we wait for the Cuban government 's reconsideration of the United States offer we will continue to implement other components of our $ 5 million assistance package , " Fore added . The United State will immediately obligate approximately $ 1.5 million in emergency humanitarian assistance to reputable international relief organizations and nongovernmental organizations . Fore said she will be in Honduras on Tuesday to inspect hurricane damage and review aid needs there . Earlier in the day , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack gave the first information that United States had made a weekend offer -- and the Cuban government had refused -- of $ 5 million in hurricane relief . The United States on Saturday "  informed the Cuban government that the U.S. government is committed to providing up to $ 5 million in relief assistance to Cuban hurricane victims and that we could fly emergency relief supplies to Cuba as soon as the Cuban government authorized such assistance , " McCormack said at his daily briefing . "  On the 14th of September , just yesterday , the Cuban government informed us they would not accept a donation from the United States , " he said . The United States has temporarily suspended some restrictions on private aid groups , sending assistance and money to Cuba . And McCormack said Monday he United States had in recent days licensed agricultural exports to Cuba worth $ 250 million , including lumber for reconstruction .	U.S. State Department says Cuba rejects $ 5 million in aid Island nation reeling from storms , including hurricanes Ike and Gustav U.S. temporarily suspends some restrictions on groups sending aid to Cuba
CNN  -- Pig farmers threw rocks at police officers in Cairo , Egypt , on Sunday as health workers gathered the farmers ' herds for slaughter in what the government says is a precaution against the spread of swine flu , an interior ministry official told CNN . The Egyptian government required all pigs in the country be killed , citing a need to prevent the spread of swine flu . Brig. Gen. Hani Abdel-Latif said 50 to 60 protesters gathered in Cairo 's Manshiyet Naser slum because they were upset with the health ministry 's decision to slaughter all pigs in the country . But local media reported the number of farmers clashing with police on Sunday was in the hundreds . Experts have criticized the Egyptian government 's move , announced last week , to slaughter all pigs regardless of whether they are infected . There have been no confirmed cases of the virus in Egypt . And according to the U.S.-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , humans can not get the swine flu virus , known to scientists as the H1N1 virus , by eating pork . The CDC says human infection from pigs most likely occurs when people are in close proximity to sick animals , such as in pig barns . But Egyptian officials cite how avian flu still exists in the country because , they say , the government did not take sufficient protective measures when that disease was first discovered there in 2006 . Most Egyptian pig farmers are Coptic Christians , a group that makes up about 10 percent of the 80 million people in the mostly Muslim nation . Coptic Christians do not observe the Muslim ban on eating pork , and historically they have coexisted peacefully with the Muslim majority in Egypt . The farmers also work in the garbage industry and use their daily collections to feed their herds , which number about 300,000 animals in the country . With the government-mandated slaughter under way , Egypt 's Health Ministry declared Saturday that "  Egypt is free of the swine flu . " Dr. Hamid Samaha , head of the country 's Public Institute for Veterinary Services , said that starting Sunday the government will compensate pig farmers by paying as much as $ 45 for a disease-free pig and about $ 5 for diseased ones . The health ministry told CNN its workers are freezing all the disease-free meat and plan to give it back to its owners once the ban on pigs is lifted . But according to Egypt 's state-run al-Akhbar newspaper , ministry sources said the country does not have enough facilities to store the frozen meat . Ministry spokesman Dr. Abdel-Rahman Shaheen said the government will open two new slaughterhouses in two provinces near Cairo , al-Alioubiya and al-Giza . Shaheen also announced Saturday that the ministry has enlisted 100 additional doctors and nurses to help in health quarantines at Cairo Airport , where travelers are being questioned if they have been to Mexico recently . And more are expected to be hired to help at Alexandra 's main seaport , where the government declared a state of emergency last week . CNN 's Housam Ahmed in Cairo contributed to this report .	Farmers in Cairo clash with police as health officials take pigs to slaughter Egypt mandated slaughter of pigs in country over news of swine flu There have been no confirmed cases of swine flu in Egypt
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- A European Union delegation met Saturday with Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe , who said the parties had established a "  good rapport . " President Mugabe and his wife , Grace , arrive for a ZANU PF party youth conference on Friday . "  There was no animosity , it was quite friendly , " Mugabe said . Gunilla Carlsson , the Swedish minister for International Development Cooperation , said the parties "  definitely made some progress . " "  Of course we did n't agree with everything Mr. Mugabe said , but it was a correct meeting and we exchanged views , " Carlsson , who is heading the mission , told CNN 's Rosemary Church . The delegation met with Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai later on Saturday . Carlsson spokesman Peter Larsson had said earlier that "  there was no sense of any hostility from Mugabe . " Larsson was referring to remarks the Zimbabwean president made Friday , when he condemned "  bloody whites " for meddling in his country 's affairs . Carlsson is heading the mission to Zimbabwe . "  Sanctions or no sanctions , Zimbabwe remains ours , " . Mugabe told his ZANU-PF party 's youth conference in Harare on Friday . "  Who said the British and the Americans should rule over others ? That 's why we say , down with you . We have not invited these bloody whites . They want to poke their nose into our own affairs . Refuse that , " he said . The European Union imposed travel bans on Mugabe and his representatives in 2002 . The bans were imposed after accusations of human rights violations and election fraud . In addition to travel restrictions , the European Union has frozen the assets of more than 200 Zimbabweans for allegedly violating human rights , according to Sweden , which holds the rotating presidency of the EU this year . On Saturday , Mugabe again addressed "  sanctions , " saying he was dismayed that they were not lifted after meeting with the EU delegation . "  I have always been disappointed with sanctions on Zimbabwe , " he said , adding that the EU delegation "  thought things were not working , yet we did all the things we were asked to do " under a power-sharing agreement signed in September last year . Larsson said there was no discussion about the restrictions at the meeting . Under the agreement , which was to end months of turmoil and violence that followed the country 's March 2008 presidential elections , Mugabe retained his office , and opposition leader Tsvangirai became prime minister . The agreement -- the Global Political Agreement -- spelled out a number of fundamental democratic reforms , but so far there has been no progress toward them , Carlsson said in a statement ahead of the meetings with Mugabe and Tsvangirai . "  There have not yet been clear positive developments in all areas . I am still concerned at the lack of democratic development , " she said then . After meeting with Tsvangirai , Carlsson told CNN that "  Tsvangirai 's government is working hard towards the implementation of the political agreement . " She added , "  After such a long time of oppression , it is of course hard to move forward and change will take some time . But the EU is committed to follow up on this progress and encourage change . " CNN 's Per Nyberg in London , England , contributed to this report	Of EU meeting , Mugabe said "  there was no animosity , it was quite friendly " EU officials in Zimbabwe to ease relations , push progress on political reforms European Union imposed travel bans on Mugabe , his representatives in 2002 President Robert Mugabe says West tries to impose its rules on Zimbabwe
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The militant jihadist group Islamic State in Iraq and Syria killed dozens of Syrian troops and workers during an attack on a gas field in central Syria , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , killed 270 Syrians , including national guard members , security guards and employees , after storming and seizing the al Shaer gas field in Homs province on Thursday , the group said . The death toll could climb . Another 90 security guards and employees are missing , the anti-goverment activist group added . Word of the slaughter in Homs came after ISIS violence against Christians and other minority groups in Iraq in recent weeks . The Islamist militants , now occupying large regions of Iraq and Syria , have issued an ultimatum to the remaining Iraqi Christians in the city of Mosul : accept Islam , pay extra taxes to Islamic Sharia courts , or face "  death by the sword . " The letters from ISIS were distributed in recent days to the dwindling number of Christian leaders in Iraq 's second largest city . The message added that ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has agreed to allow them  Christians who do not agree to convert or pay extra taxes  to leave the northern Iraqi city by noon Saturday  5 a.m. ET  . After that , the message said , "  the only option is the sword . " But the international organization Human Rights Watch says the extremist group is already "  killing , kidnapping and threatening religious and ethnic minorities " in Mosul and other Iraqi cities and towns . "  Being a Turkman , a Shabak , a Yazidi or a Christian in ISIS territory can cost you your livelihood , your liberty , or even your life , " Human Rights Watch Middle East Director Sarah Leah Whitson said in a press release issued on Saturday from Duhok in Iraqi Kurdistan . Human Rights Watch has documented violence against these ethnic and religious minorities , reporting that tens of thousands of families have already fled their communities near Mosul in fear for their lives . Village residents have described horrific attacks by ISIS fighters , who "  seize local men and pillage homes and places of worships , " Human Rights Watch said . The militants have summarily executed villagers and Iraqi soldiers alike , slaughtering a group of soldiers in Tikrit last month . Human Rights Watch also said ISIS extremists reportedly killed 40 Shia Turkmen , including children , in four communities in Kirkuk last month . Militant ISIS jihadists , a Sunni-dominated al Qaeda splinter group , have overrun large parts of Iraq and neighboring war torn Syria over the past months in a violent Islamist insurgency . The militants want to establish an Islamic state , or so-called caliphate , across Sunni areas of both countries . ISIS already controls hundreds of square miles where state authority has evaporated . It has ignored international borders , establishing a deadly presence from Syria 's Mediterranean coast all the way south to Baghdad , making its goal of a caliphate state seemingly within reach . The magnitude of the crisis is clear from the sharp rise in the death toll over the past two months . At least 2,400 Iraqis died in violence in June , according to the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq . Of those , the United Nations said more than 1,500 were civilians , including 270 civilian police officers , and almost 900 were members of Iraqi security forces .	ISIS reportedly kills national guard members , security guards and gas field employees ISIS orders Christians in Mosul to accept Islam , pay extra taxes or face death ISIS leader says Christians have until noon Saturday to accept offer or leave Human Rights Watch says ISIS is already kidnapping and killing minorities
CNN  -- She 's been compared to the Dalai Lama , the Chinese Tibetan Buddhist leader , but the name Rebiya Kadeer does n't ring a bell to many people outside of China . Rebiya Kadeer has been dubbed "  the Mother of All Uyghurs . " Nevertheless , the world-famous man and the relatively obscure woman share similarities that chime with political relevance . A diminutive northern Virginia resident , Kadeer has emerged as the voice of the restive but relatively unknown Uyghur Muslims , a Turkic-speaking ethnic minority in China , and the group 's far-flung diaspora . And like the Dalai Lama , she 's revered by supporters and reviled by the Chinese government . "  Even though one is a man , and the other is a woman , they have one thing in common , and that is they engage in activities to split the motherland and damage national unity , " said Qin Gang , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry . Kadeer , 62 , emerged in the world media spotlight after China blamed her for stoking July 's unrest in China 's remote Xinjiang Autonomous Region , an area four times the size of California in the northwestern part of the country . Reports vary on the number of people killed , ranging from around 200 to many more . The problems began in late June , after two Uyghur migrant workers at a toy factory in Guangdong province were killed after a brawl between Uyghurs and ethnic Han Chinese -- the majority group in China . Uyghurs protested in Urumqi , the Xinjiang capital , hundreds of miles from the toy factory . Uyghurs and Han reportedly attacked each other . Nur Bekri , the Chinese government 's top official in Xinjiang , accused Kadeer and the World Uyghur Congress she leads of instigating the unrest via the Internet . "  The violence is premeditated , organized violent crime , " Bekri said . "  It was instigated and directed from abroad and carried out by outlaws in the country . " China 's constitution guarantees ethnic minorities equal rights and limited autonomy . And the Chinese government has implemented several programs designed to help ethnic minorities , but Kadeer says China still treats Uyghurs as second-class citizens -- and she blames China for most of the recent unrest . Since the violence erupted , Kadeer has worked the media with a mission , drumming up support for the Uyghur cause and shining a light on what she says are China 's "  unjust policies " toward her people . The estimated size of Uyghur population in China ranges from 8 million to 11 million people , making them a distinct minority in a country of 1.5 billion people . Uyghurs have long complained of being treated as a lesser class , but China has dismissed that charge and touted its commitment to ethnic unity . "  Let them hear our voice and raise public awareness about our situation , " Kadeer told CNN . "  That 's the main thing that I wish to do right now . " Dubbed "  the Mother of All Uyghurs , " Kadeer does n't quite fit the profile of a political firebrand . Born in modest circumstances , Kadeer fell into dire poverty amid the late Chinese communist leader Mao Zedong 's forced relocation programs . She worked her way up from laundry worker to become a millionaire businesswoman as China opened to free enterprise . She amassed an empire with department stores , real estate , lumber , scrap iron , factories and other enterprises . She was also chosen as a member of a Chinese National Congress and other posts . However , the mother of 11 children -- some of whom are in jail in China -- was n't shy about speaking out about the conditions faced by Uyghurs , such as political imprisonment . Her activism landed her in jail in 1999 , an incarceration that attracted international attention and condemnation from rights groups and Western political officials . China released her on medical grounds in 2005 amid pressure from the U.S. government . She was granted political asylum in the United States , reunited with her husband , and embarked on activist work . Along with her role as president of the World Uyghur Congress , Kadeer is the president of the board of the Uyghur American Association and the full-time director of the International Uyghur Human Rights and Democracy Foundation . Those groups receive money from U.S. taxpayers through the National Endowment for Democracy , a private , nonprofit organization created "  to strengthen democratic institutions " around the world . Hugh Pope , author of the "  Sons of the Conquerors : The Rise of the Turkic World , " describes Kadeer as a skillful and hard-working activist who has done a lot for the Uyghurs . He said she is well-situated in the Washington area , where she has easy access to media outlets , and is a "  natural focal point " for the Uyghur rights cause . "  She has a canny sense on how to get on top of the situation . As long as she can maintain the Dalai Lama-like profile , she will persist in being a spokeswoman for the Uyghurs , " Pope said . Dru Gladney , an expert on China and its ethnic groups , described Kadeer as a significant leader who is a charismatic , determined and maternal figure who can move easily among the elites and the common people . She has a message that can unite Uyghurs , and China 's criticism of her in some ways has enhanced her stature , said Gladney , president of Pacific Basin Institute at Pomona College in California . "  She seems like somebody all Uyghurs can look up to , " he said . He noted that her following is "  quite remarkable " since she is a woman and both Muslim and Chinese cultures are patriarchal . She abhors violence and favors peaceful resolution of conflicts , Gladney said . In that respect , she mirrors the non-violent sentiment espoused by the Dalai Lama , who wrote an introduction to Kadeer 's autobiography "  Dragon Fighter , " recently published in English . "  The Uyghur and the Tibetan people have a history of relationship and in modern times have shared somewhat similar experiences . I therefore hope that this book by Mrs. Kadeer will enable the readers to comprehend the experience of the Uyghur people , " the Dalai Lama wrote . Kadeer told CNN she has had "  close communication " with the Dalai Lama . She said "  our philosophy in peace is the same " and said the movements of both peoples for justice are connected . "  If the Chinese have the authority to destroy one of them , they have the authority to destroy the other , " she said . China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported Tuesday that Chinese President Hu Jintao , in a visit to Yunnan province this week , urged all people to show mutual respect and concern . He also said all ethnic minorities are important members of the Chinese family , the news agency reported in a story that did not specifically mention Uyghurs . The Communist Party of China and the government plan to emphasize more strongly developing areas inhabited by ethnic minorities and strengthen support to improve their livelihood , according to Xinhua 's paraphrasing of Hu 's remarks . In a recent Wall Street Journal essay , "  China 's Ethnic Fault Lines , " Gladney wrote that by the mid-1980s "  official minorities were beginning to receive real benefits from the implementation of several affirmative action programs . " They include "  permission to have more children  except in urban areas , minorities are generally not bound by the one-child policy  , " paying fewer taxes , getting "  greater access to public office , " and better education for children -- in Mandarin Chinese rather than native tongues . Kadeer has spent much of the last few weeks plowing through media interviews and chatting about how she juggles being the "  Mother of All Uyghurs " with being a mother to her flesh-and-blood children . "  My family is very supportive of my activity , " she said through a translator . Yet she has spent time apart from her husband , also a Uyghur activist , and children because of political ferment and imprisonment . Kadeer says this is a "  very dark time for the Uyghur people . " She condemned Chinese security forces for killing and injuring Uyghur demonstrators this month in Urumqi . Unrest also took place in the cities of Kashgar and Hotan , she said . While she focuses on what she says is the Chinese crackdown against Uyghurs in "  East Turkestan " -- the name Uyghurs use for the region -- she also condemned reported violence by "  a number of Uyghur demonstrators . " "  Uyghur demonstrators were doubtless expressing discontent over the severe and comprehensive repression they have suffered for years in East Turkestan , " she said . She cited "  arbitrary detention , torture , and execution " the repression of their religion , "  forced abortion and discrimination in several spheres , including health care and employment . " In her talks , Kadeer -- who sports braids and a traditional Uyghur dopa cap -- urges China to "  stop the cultural genocide " and "  address the legitimate grievances of the Uyghur people . " "  I do believe that even our enemy would come dine at our table , " she said , "  because what we have been doing is in a peaceful way . So I do believe that they would come to our table and resolve this . " CNN 's Jim Clancy contributed to this report .	Rebiya Kadeer emerges as leader of minority Uyghur Muslims in China Chinese government reviles Kadeer , blames her for stoking unrest Kadeer mirrors the non-violent sentiment espoused by the Dalai Lama This is a "  very dark time for the Uyghur people , " Kadeer says
Washington  CNN  -- The FBI lab has made strides in cutting down its backlog of forensic DNA cases , according to a report released Tuesday by the Justice Department 's Office of Inspector General . As of March 2012 the backlog stood at 403 cases compared to 3,211 cases two years prior . The report attributed the improvement to increased use of automation , more staff and a focus on using DNA analysis in situations in which it 's most likely to yield useful results . The FBI lab tests biological evidence found at crime scenes and items like envelopes , drinking glasses and articles of clothing . The lab does the work for not just the FBI but also for local police departments that do n't have forensic labs . FBI , Justice Department reviewing forensic evidence in thousands of cases The report found the biggest reduction in cases came in the area of nuclear DNA , in which biological fluids like blood and semen are analyzed . There was not as large a drop in the backlog of cases involving mitochondrial DNA , which looks at such things as teeth , hair and highly degraded fragments of bones . According to the inspector general , the FBI decided not to examine samples in 300 of the backlogged mitochondrial DNA cases that came from the FBI 's Terrorist Explosive Device Analytical Center . The report said it had been policy to submit all hairs found on improvised explosive devices . "  The FBI told us that there have been no documented instances for which probative results were generated from these mitochondrial DNA examinations , " said the report . The FBI changed its policy on analyzing samples from all such cases . The inspector general said a previous report found the FBI lab does n't have a system to electronically manage lab information and that was still the case as of June . The report said the FBI spent at least $ 14 million since 2003 on two failed attempts to come up with such a system . The inspector general said the FBI is trying to develop a new system . High court lets controversial criminal DNA collection law stay in place for now	Backlog drops from 3,211 to 403 in two years , report says FBI lab tests biological evidence found at crime scenes for FBI , other agencies Report attributeds improvement to increased use of automation , more staff
Praxedis G. Guerrero , Mexico  CNN  -- Authorities on Friday denied published reports that Marisol Valles Garcia -- the 20-year-old criminology student who made headlines when she became the police chief in the town of Praxedis G. Guerrero , Mexico -- had left the country for the United States and was seeking asylum . Valles Garcia grabbed international attention last year when she took over the top job in a police force whose officers have been abducted and killed . Praxedis Mayor Jose Luis Guerrero told CNN that Valles Garcia is on personal leave because her 8-month-old baby is sick . He said she is expected back at work Monday . "  Marisol , in fact , still works here and she 's still getting paid . She comes back on Monday , " said the mayor . Praxedis is one of the most violent municipalities in the border state of Chihuahua . It is located about 35 miles southeast of Ciudad Juarez , one of the bloodiest cities in world . Andres Morales , town secretary in Praxedis , also said reports that Valles Garcia has fled were false . He told CNN she is on leave taking care of her son , who he said is suffering from bronchitis . He called stories about her seeking asylum "  unfortunate rumors . " Mexico 's El Diario newspaper reported early Friday that Valles Garcia had received death threats and fled to the the United States . It cited Jorge Gonzalez Nicolas , the attorney general for the northern district of Chihuahua , as its source for the report . The newspaper said that she was seeking asylum , attributing that to anonymous sources . Meanwhile , the news service Agence France-Presse also reported that Valles Garcia had fled to the United States and was seeking asylum . The agency cited an anonymous relative as the source of its report . A spokesman for the attorney general , Arturo Sandoval , said the El Diario story citing his boss was wrong . "  He did not give a press conference , " Sandoval told CNN . "  We deny reports that Nicolas said she fled to the United States . " The spokesman said he did not know whether Valles Garcia has left Mexico or not . Still , some questions linger . Guerrero , the mayor in Praxedis , said Valles Garcia is not answering her phone and several of her neighbors told CNN it is an open secret she has fled to the United States . Many said they were afraid to give their names to a reporter , as violence related to drug cartels is rampant in the region . Last year , Valles Garcia was the only person who accepted the top police job . There was good reason for the fear . Around the time she took the post , a 59-year-old local mayor , Rito Grado Serrano , and his 37-year-old son , Rigoberto Grado Villa , were killed in a house in which they were hiding in nearby Ciudad Juarez . Another area mayor was killed in June . Nationwide , the Mexican government says there have been more than 34,600 drug-related deaths since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Marisol Valles Garcia is police chief in a violent Mexican municipality A newspaper and a news service say she has fled to the U.S. , seeking asylum Mexican authorities deny the reports and say she is on personal leave Valles Garcia was just 20 years old when she accepted the police chief 's position
Several mass graves have been discovered , at least 1,000 people are dead and tens of thousands have been displaced in South Sudan as a recent outbreak of inter-ethnic violence has Africa 's newest nation on the brink of civil war and possibly genocide . At the time of South Sudan 's independence in July of 2011 -- free from Sudan and recovering from decades of civil war -- hopes were high . Southern Sudanese referred to their new country as the Promised Land . There were fears that Sudan might seek to undermine the new nation 's stability , but analysts cautioned the greatest threats to peace could come from within the country 's own borders . As tensions rise between the South Sudan 's two largest ethnic groups , the Dinka and Nuer , commentators are now recalling the events in Rwanda with reference to this crisis . Twenty years ago , in the New Year of 1994 , reports warned of the threat of genocide in Rwanda as the radical Hutu government incited hatred against the Tutsi . Less than six months later , the government of Rwanda had organized the murder of their Tutsi civilians , leaving around a million dead . Preventing a devastating civil war from gripping South Sudan is urgent , but focus must also be given to preventing genocide , which is a high risk should instability in the country deepen . The intentional nature of genocide and the attempt to destroy groups based on their ethnic , religious or national identity , make it a uniquely horrific crime and one that the international community has committed itself to prevent and punish . Fear of escalating violence in South Sudan has led the United Nations Security Council to increase the peace-keeping operation in Sudan by a further 5,500 personnel . In the experience of one of the authors , who lost many of his family in Rwanda 1994 , they are right to do so . According to genocide scholar , Barbara Harff , the risk of mass atrocities increases with political instability , the existence of an autocratic regime , a dominating ethnic group and previous genocide or massacres . All of these factors were present in Rwanda preceding the genocide and are now present in South Sudan . Should South Sudan become entrenched in civil war , the risk of mass atrocities occurring will increase significantly . While the parallels between Rwanda and South Sudan are not identical , they share some of the same warning signs , which we have outlined below : The current crisis in South Sudan began as a power struggle between President Salva Kiir , originating from Sudan 's Dinka majority , and its former Vice President Riek Machar of the Nuer tribe . Machar was ousted from his position by Kiir in July along with the rest of the cabinet . The situation came to a violent head on December 15 when rival army factions loyal to the two leaders first clashed in the country 's capital of Juba . The conflict has since spread throughout several states . Both sides have been accused of targeting members of the opposing ethnic group . While different in the detail , power struggles mixed with an ethnic dimension was a feature in Rwanda in 1994 . Aside from the civil war , in which the Tutsi dominated Rwanda Patriotic Front were attempting to oust the Hutu Power government , there was an extremist factions within the ruling Hutu regime who consolidated its power by killing many Hutu opposition members as that same time as the genocide against the Tutsi began . Massacres have already taken place in South Sudan . As we saw in Rwanda , massacres of Tutsis occurred long before all out genocide , but failed to be seem as an alarm . In South Sudan , the discovery of one mass grave in the town of Bentiu and two more outside of the capital should be viewed as indication of what could continue or escalate if the situation stays on its current trajectory . In a concerning development , an armed rebel militia has now entered the fray in South Sudan . The militia -- known as the "  White Army " for dusting their bodies with ash -- is reportedly composed of 25,000 Nuer youth and is suspected of being aligned with the rebel army and Machar . The White Army attacked a United Nations peacekeeping base that was sheltering civilians , killing several peacekeepers on December 19 . The group has been known to make statements about their intent to wipe out members of rival ethnic groups . In Rwanda , a militia aligned with the Hutu-led government known as the Interhamwe , expressed a similar ideology to the White Army and was harnessed by the political leaders to commit genocide . The root causes of the crisis in South Sudan are deep set , but not insurmountable . While there are differences in the context of the two crises , Rwanda 's not too distant past provides a warning that there is no time for complacency in South Sudan . But , we should not only look back 20 years for lessons . South Sudan should look to Rwanda 20 years after the genocide to see how governance , rule of law and leadership have enabled development . South Sudan could learn also how in Rwanda , resilience against violence is being reinforced at a community level through peace education that works to overcome the hostility and fear between groups and to develop an identity and purpose based not on tribe , but on the nation . To do this takes true leadership from all concerned . Let us hope , that for the sake of South Sudan 's people , their leaders will not come to realize the solution to creating sustainable peace after countless dead have been buried . Read more : What you need to know about South Sudan conflict Watch more : Violence halts oil production Read more : Rwandan restaurant hopes to heal the scars of genocide	Africa 's newest nation , South Sudan , is on the brink of civil war and possibly genocide The violence in South Sudan has many likening it to the Rwandan genocide of 1994 Survivor Freddy Mutanguha says the two situations have many similar warning signs To overcome risk of civil war South Sudan must develop a national not tribal identity
CNN  -- Singer-songwriter Jack Johnson released a new album on April 17 in honor of Earth Day called "  Jack Johnson and Friends : Best of Kokua Festival . " It 's a collection of live highlights from the festival over the years featuring some legendary names in music : Willie Nelson , Jackson Browne , Eddie Vedder and Dave Matthews . But the album is about more than just music . The proceeds from both the festival and the album go back to Johnson 's Kokua Hawaii Foundation to promote conservation efforts in Hawaii . Johnson and his wife , Kim , are natives of Hawaii , and for years they have been champions of conservation , environmental awareness and education both in their native state and around the world . "  We decided to create the foundation because I stole my wife away from teaching geometry and she became my first tour manager , and ... she wanted to be involved in education again . " Johnson said . Their foundation got them both back into Hawaiian classrooms . The Kokua Hawaii Foundation supports environmental education in schools and communities throughout Hawaii . The main programs the foundation has implemented since its creation in 2003 promote recycling and taking children out of the classroom and into the environment for hands-on learning experiences . Most recently , the foundation introduced the Plastic Free Schools program to reduce single-use plastic on the Hawaiian Islands . "  The Kokua Hawaii Foundation 's programs are really hands-on and get kids out into nature . Usually , they are having so much fun that they do n't realize how much they are learning , " Johnson said . To raise money for the foundation , the Johnsons created the Kokua Festival in 2004 . The festival is held every year on Earth Day weekend outdoors in Honolulu 's Waikiki Shell . Johnson brings in friends in the music industry who share his passion for environmental preservation . "  All of the musicians who 've played at the Kokua Festival have a connection to the cause and the work we are doing with the foundation , " Johnson says . "  The musicians themselves were a big inspiration for the foundation from the start -- like how Willie Nelson runs his tour buses and trucks on biodiesel and how Eddie Vedder has been active in several environmental causes . " "  For me , it 's wonderful to get the chance to play with these musicians I respect and have loved for years , to share some great music with them and use that music to help raise funds we need to keep Kokua Hawaii Foundation 's programs going . Hopefully , that inspiration goes both ways , and the musicians who join us will implement some of the greening measures from the festival into their own tours . " In addition to the music , the festival also continues in the educational tradition of the foundation . More than 50 eco-friendly businesses and local environmental groups set up shop in the Kokua Village , which is much like what Johnson does on tour . Here , the fans can learn about sustainable products , watch alternative energy demonstrations and sample local food and beverages . Another element that mirrors Johnson 's efforts on tour : There are free water refill stations to encourage the use of reusable water bottles .	Singer-songwriter Jack Johnson releases a new album in honor of Earth Day Proceeds from the album go to Johnson 's foundation promoting conservation efforts in Hawaii Johnson also started the Kokua Festival to celebrate Earth Day and raise money for foundation Johnson : The hands-on Kokua Hawaii Foundation programs get kids out into nature
CNN  -- Robert Barnett , a prominent Washington attorney , has worked on eight national presidential campaigns , focusing on debate preparation . He played the role of George H.W. Bush in practice debates with Geraldine Ferraro in 1984 and with Michael Dukakis in 1988 , and practice debated Bill Clinton more than 20 times during the 1992 campaign . He also played the role of Dick Cheney in 2000 and 2004 and helped prepare Hillary Clinton for 23 primary debates for the 2008 nomination . Barnett spoke with CNNI 's Michael Holmes . Robert Barnett has been in practice debates with Democrats from Geraldine Ferraro to Bill Clinton . CNN : How does Tuesday night 's town hall format differ from other debates ? Barnett : The individuals will not necessarily express the question as a journalist would . So , for example , one of these people will probably not ask about Internal Revenue Service Code section 341 , but rather will ask about their taxes and their tax burdens and what they care about with respect to taxation . And so you have to be very careful to be sure you understand what the individual is asking about and you have to be particularly careful to answer the question , because if you do n't , you risk alienating the questioner and the audience and the listeners . CNN : You 're in a unique position . You have prepped , I think , seven or eight presidential campaigns . You 've done debate prep , you 've stood in and played the role of Dick Cheney and others . What 's that like ? What are you trying to do to prepare the candidate , any candidate ? Barnett : If I 'm playing the surrogate , if you will , if I 'm the Republican for a Democrat , I try to prepare myself -- not to imitate ; I 'm not Darrell Hammond or Dana Carvey . I 'm not that talented . But I try to be ready with what my candidate that I 'm playing , if you will , has said -- the exact words used , the way they counterattack , the way they attack . And I try to make sure that the candidate I 'm working with , meaning the Democrat , has heard just about everything that they could hear from their opponent before they ever walk on the stage . CNN : Do you try to bait them , get them to bite a little and then say that 's not what you should be doing ? Barnett : Well , it can get pretty contested . When I prepared with Rep. Geraldine Ferraro in 1984 when she was running against then-vice president George Herbert Walker Bush , I baited her a lot and she got so angry with me that she frequently walked over to me and slugged me on the arm . So I left the process black and blue . CNN : When you 're doing that sort of thing , how direct can you be with the candidate ? Or do you have to treat them with a bit of kid gloves ? Barnett : I treat them with no kid gloves . It 's fair to say I 'm direct , I make sure they hear everything from me before they hear it on the stage and maybe hear it even a little more aggressively so they can be prepared .	Robert Barnett : Candidates must make sure they answer town hall questions Barnett has played Republicans in practice debates for more than 20 years Barnett : I try to prepare candidates for the attacks they will face Barnett says he 'll make the case aggressively to prepare candidates
CNN  -- Olympic hero Michael Phelps was suspended from competitive swimming for three months on Thursday -- just hours after one of his sponsors announced it would not renew his contract after a photo surfaced of him smoking from a bong . Michael Phelps admitted "  regrettable behavior " after a photo of him smoking from a bong was published . USA Swimming , the nation 's governing body for competitive swimming , said it was withdrawing financial support for Phelps and barring him from competition during the period of his "  reprimand . " "  This is not a situation where any anti-doping rule was violated , but we decided to send a strong message to Michael because he disappointed so many people , particularly the hundreds of thousands of USA Swimming-member kids who look up to him as a role model and a hero , " they said in a statement . "  Michael has voluntarily accepted this reprimand and has committed to earn back our trust , " the statement continued . Earlier Thursday , Kellogg Co. said it will not renew Phelps ' advertising contract . "  Michael 's most recent behavior is not consistent with the image of Kellogg , " company spokeswoman Susanne Norwitz said . "  His contract expires at the end of February , and we have made a decision not to extend his contract . " Norwitz said Kellogg 's relationship with Phelps began with the company 's support of the U.S. Olympic team . Kellogg did not renew its sponsorship of the team when it expired in December , she said . Phelps admitted "  regrettable behavior " on Sunday after a British newspaper published the photograph . The tabloid News of the World showed Phelps using the bong during what it said was a November party at the University of South Carolina in Columbia . The Richland County , South Carolina , sheriff 's office said Tuesday it was investigating whether Phelps smoked marijuana on the school campus , adding it would file criminal charges if it determined he did . Both university police and Columbia , South Carolina , police said they would not pursue charges , according to The State newspaper in Columbia . It was unclear where the party took place , the paper said , or whether it was on campus . On Thursday , before the decisions by USA Swimming and Kellogg were announced , Phelps told CNN affiliate WBAL that the incident was a result of "  bad judgment . " Watch Phelps ' comments to WBAL " "  I can learn from it and try to make my life better than it has been in the past , " he told WBAL . "  I think it 's hard to really be ready for any of this . But I 've actually been able to talk to a lot of people , and lot of people that have been in my shoes in other sports , and I 've been able to get their perspective and just talk to them a little bit , and that 's been helpful over the last few days , " Phelps said . In a statement released Sunday , Phelps , who won a record eight gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , China , said : "  I engaged in behavior which was regrettable and demonstrated bad judgment . " "  I 'm 23 years old , and despite the successes I have had in the pool , I acted in a youthful and inappropriate way , not in a manner that people have come to expect from me , " he said . "  For this , I am sorry . I promise my fans and the public -- it will not happen again . " iReport.com : Should Phelps have been suspended ? The U.S. Olympic Committee also issued a statement that said in part : "  Michael has acknowledged that he made a mistake and apologized for his actions . We are confident that , going forward , Michael will consistently set the kind of example we all expect from a great Olympic champion . " In 2004 , Phelps was arrested on charges of driving under the influence in Salisbury , Maryland . He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 18 months probation . He also issued an apology after that incident . Phelps is one of 12 Olympic athletes who pledged to "  My Victory , " an initiative launched last year by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency aimed at keeping competitive sports clean .	USA Swimming suspends Michael Phelps from competition for three months Kellogg Co. says it wo n't renew its sponsorship of Phelps Announcements follow publication of photo showing Phelps smoking from bong Sheriff 's office says it is investigating whether Phelps smoked marijuana
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono held a commanding lead in national elections Wednesday , according to the latest exit polls . A woman votes at a polling station in Indonesia . An average of six exit polls showed the incumbent holding about 60 percent of the vote compared to 27 percent for former President Megawati Sukarnoputri and 12 percent for Yudhoyono 's vice president , Yusuf Kalla . Official results are expected no sooner than next week . Indonesia has 175 million registered voters spread over 17,000 islands . It was the country 's second direct election since the authoritarian regime of dictator Suharto fell in 1998 , in the wake of the Asian financial crisis . Analysts and polls , ahead of the vote , predicted Yudhoyono -- riding high on the country 's economic strength -- would win a second term . Watch as incumbent expected to win election " In 2004 , Yudhoyono defeated then-incumbent Megawati in a runoff election . Watch more on the election " Yudhoyono "  has positive global image ; relations with the American government have been the best in all the time that I have been here , the last 30 years , " said James Castle , who analyzes Indonesia 's politics and economy . "  He 's very popular in the foreign community and , to be honest , if he 's not re-elected , the markets will react negatively for a month or so . " Yudhoyono 's Democratic Party was the only single party to get enough votes in April 's legislative elections to nominate a candidate on its own . Kalla 's Golkar Party came in second and Megawati 's Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle , or PDI-P , placed third . Kalla and Megawati had to form coalitions with other parties to run for president . Kalla had hoped voters would give him some of the credit for Indonesia 's economic successes which occurred under his term as vice president . Kalla and Megawati had to form coalitions with other parties to run for president . See a photo slideshow of Indonesians talking about who they will vote for " Yudhoyono is known as "  Mr. Clean " because of his anti-corruption efforts . He has gained popularity for his handling of the 2004 tsunami recovery and the country 's battle against terrorism . Indonesia has had impressive economic growth over the past five years , though how much direct credit Yudhoyono can take for that is questionable . And despite Indonesia posting an average of 5.9 percent annual growth during his presidency , little of that has trickled down to the country 's poor . Yudhoyono 's opponents say he is too liberal , is too skewed toward the west , and does n't pay enough attention to the 40 million Indonesians living below the poverty line . Still , the country is exhibiting surprising resilience in the face of the global economic downturn . Growth topped 6 percent last year , and Indonesia was the fastest-growing economy in southeast Asia in the first quarter of this year . "  All off a sudden , everybody is contracting except for Indonesia , " Castle said . "  We 've had more visiting regional heads and so on in the last six months than we had in the last six years . "	NEW : Polls close ; Official results expected no sooner than next week Three familiar faces competed : current president , his deputy and an ex-president Analysts and polls have Yudhoyono  known as SBY  tipped to win a second term SBY is riding high on the country 's economic strength
CNN  -- Season 40 of "  Saturday Night Live " kicked off over the weekend with much the same assessment as previous seasons : talent that needs seasoning , up-and-down sketches and mixed reviews . "  Are ` SNL 's ' growing pains over as it enters its 40th season ? It certainly did n't seem that way from the show 's bizarre season opener , " wrote EW 's Esther Zuckerman . On the other hand , Slate 's Sharan Shetty praised the opener as "  one of the better , more consistently funny episodes in a good while . " 40 reasons why ` SNL ' matters Certainly , uneven "  SNLs " are nothing new . But the new season , with a combination of winning host Chris Pratt and some fresh faces , seemed to draw particularly diverse critiques . The best reviews were for a taped bit on future Marvel projects -- including films based around shopping carts and someone named Pam -- that , the studio promised , will make a mint . "  Who 's Pam ? Does n't matter . ` Pam ' will make $ 3 billion , " the voiceover said . "  Pratt 's starring role in ` Guardians of the Galaxy ' served as the inspiration for the night 's best taped bit , " wrote The Hollywood Reporter 's Ken Tucker . On the other hand , new Weekend Update anchor Michael Che was "  hobbled " by "  lame jokes , " Tucker said , not to mention his own nervousness . "  His appearance was a bit rocky : he flubbed a few lines and took a while to get into a rhythm with Colin Jost , " Shetty wrote . If anyone came out well , it was new player Pete Davidson , who earned plaudits all over the place . "  Davidson ... was the revelation of the episode , " Shetty wrote . And Twitter definitely smiled on the 20-year-old . "  This Kid Is A Star #SNL , " tweeted Questlove . "  SNL 's new featured player @petedavidson stole the whole show tonight during Weekend Update ! " JustJared added . "  SNL 's " 40th season continues next week with Sarah Silverman hosting .	New season of "  Saturday Night Live " premieres to mixed reviews EW says show 's growing pains continue Slate said it was "  consistently funny " The standout performer was new player Pete Davidson
InStyle.com  -- The holiday season is also the engagement season ! A gorgeous cushion-cut stunner by Daniel K. Yes , you read that right . It 's been said that nearly 40 percent of all marriage proposals occur between Thanksgiving and Valentine 's Day . If you 're one of the lucky ladies hoping for a ring this season  or one of the nervous gentlemen contemplating popping the question  , use this guide to popular diamond shapes and cuts -- and the stars who sport them -- to get acquainted with the dazzling world of engagement rings . Emerald No shape more aptly fits the diamond nickname "  ice " than the emerald , a rectangular cut with lean facets extending down the sides . This elegant art deco shape received its confusing name during the 1920s , when it was typically used for emeralds . Characterized by a flat top and step-shaped side facets , an emerald cut cries out for a clean setting . Star Power : Eva Longoria , Ellen Pompeo , Melania Knauss Asscher The Asschers of Amsterdam , gem cutters for the British royal family , designed this striking , dramatic shape in 1902 . A square with diagonally cropped corners and stepped sides , it features a high crown and sheds a gentle light . Star Power : Tameka Foster , Ashlee Simpson , Christine Costner Cushion A square with curved sides and rounded corners , this stone shines softly instead of sparkling . Cushion-cut center stones surrounded by tiny diamonds are especially in vogue . Star Power : Jeri Ryan , Courtney Ford , Guiliana DePandi Princess Think of this flirty , flashy option as the "  Yeah , baby ! " stone , and not only because it was dreamt up in London during the swinging sixties . The arrangement of the gem 's many  49 to 144  facets produces a hall-of-mirrors effect . Star Power : Stephanie March , Kara Janx , Sarah Michelle Gellar Oval Ovals have been enjoying a high profile since Tom Cruise placed a gorgeous one on Katie Holmes 's finger . The cool cousin of the round , the oval shares many of that stone 's features , with plenty of sparkle and versatility when it comes to settings . The long shape is especially flattering . Star Power : Bridgette Wilson , Toni Braxton , Rebecca Romijn Pear Made to sit with the point facing up , this lusciously feminine  and unusual  cut frequently goes solo because few wedding bands fit easily beneath the large underside of this stone . Star Power : Katherine Heigl , Lela Rochon , Tiffany Fallon Marquise The name for this cut comes from 18th-century Versailles , where courtiers wore ship-shaped rings as a sign of their rank . Today the marquise can be worn lengthwise or sailing sideways across the finger . Star Power : Catherine Zeta Jones , Victoria Beckham , Portia de Rossi Round Created by Marcel Tolkowsky in 1919 , the round diamond is the most popular shape for engagement rings . It 's often called the round brilliant because it has triangular facets , arranged to direct light from the bottom of the stone up through the top for maximum sparkle . Star Power : Katherine McPhee , Roselyn Sanchez , Mary J. Blige Radiant This rectangular stone , introduced in the seventies , lives up to its name : By combining long , lean , step-cut and triangular facets , it refracts lots of light . So if you decide on this shape , keep the setting simple . Star Power : Heidi Klum , Leslie Grossman , Anna Chlumsky Rose-Cut Most diamonds have a flat top with facets on the edges and bottom , but a rose-cut diamond is domed and covered with facets . Carat for carat , rose-cut diamonds , which cast a mellow , soft light , are typically less expensive than other shapes . Star Power : Melissa Akey Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Think of the flirty , flashy Princess cut as the "  Yeah , baby ! " stone The name for the Marquise cut comes from 18th-century Versailles A rose-cut diamond is domed and covered with facets The round diamond is the most popular shape for engagement rings
Washington  CNN  -- Members of the Congressional Black Caucus gave voice to the frustrations of demonstrators who gathered in Ferguson , Missouri , as well as places like Washington , D.C. , Monday night to protest a grand jury 's decision not to indict police officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of Michael Brown . Rep. Marcia Fudge , the caucus ' chair , called the grand jury 's decision a "  slap in the face to Americans nationwide " in a statement released just moments after St. Louis County prosecutor Robert McCulloch announced the grand jury 's decision . "  This decision seems to underscore an unwritten rule that Black lives hold no value ; that you may kill Black men in this country without consequences or repercussions , " Fudge said , calling the decision a "  miscarriage of justice . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson The shooting of Brown , an unarmed black teenager , at the hands of Wilson , who is white , drove locals and activists around the country to the streets of Ferguson this summer and again this week in anticipation of a grand jury announcement which many hoped would at least deliver a trial in the shooting . As tensions in Ferguson flared and violence erupted amid largely peaceful protests , the caucus members called on protesters to remain peaceful in expressing their anger and urged activists to channel a moment of frustration into a larger movement to effect change on the justice system and relations between African-American communities and police departments nationwide . Rep. John Lewis , a veteran of the civil rights movement who helped lead the 1963 March on Washington alongside Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. , sent a message to protestors on Twitter : "  Only love can overcome hate . Only nonviolence can overcome violence , " he tweeted . "  I know this hard . I know this is difficult . Do not succumb to the temptations of violence . There is a more powerful way . " Obama calls anger over Ferguson decision ` understandable , ' but urges peace The Black Caucus members also stressed the need for the Justice Department to pursue its federal civil rights investigation into the deadly shooting , with several calling the local investigation deeply flawed . Rep. Karen Bass said in a statement Monday that she was "  deeply disturbed " that the grand jury did not indict Wilson . "  The announcement continues a trend of injustice that has rightfully created an environment of anger and concern in Ferguson , Missouri and across the United States , " Bass said . "  From the onset , Ferguson law officials have been negligent in their handling of this tragic death . " She said Ferguson officials "  botched " the case from the start , noting that Brown 's body was in the street for hours after he was killed and called officials "  mean-spirited " for leaking surveillance footage of Brown stealing cigars from a convenience store shortly before he was gunned down . That footage had not been requested by media in an information request . "  And tonight the grand jury attacked justice by not holding Officer Wilson accountable for his actions , " she said . " Attorney General Eric Holder pledged Monday night to pursue the civil rights investigation into the shooting and a second investigation into allegations of misconduct by the Ferguson Police Department . Rep. Lacy Clay , who represents Ferguson and St. Louis County in Congress , called the grand jury 's decision "  extremely disappointing " and said he shares "  the anger and frustration , " but called on protesters to be nonviolent . Poll finds racial divide over Wilson charges Clay added that he was not surprised by the grand jury 's decision and said he had been concerned about the local investigation since Brown 's death . "  The pursuit of justice for Michael Brown , Jr. and his family is not over , " he said . " The two senators from Missouri , Democrat Claire McCaskill and Republican Roy Blunt released statements following the grand jury 's decision calling for protests to remain peaceful . Blunt said in a statement he hoped the community could "  move forward and heal as we work to find better job opportunities in and more investment for challenged communities . " He added that his thoughts were with Brown 's family and with "  those in law enforcement who continue to protect the rights of all they serve . " McCaskill acknowledged that many were disappointed by the decision and said she is waiting for the results of the Justice Department 's civil rights investigation . Holder : Federal Ferguson investigation will continue "  While we await the conclusion of that independent investigationâ $ " and continue working together for solutions to systemic issues highlighted by this tragedyâ $ " I 'm praying that the good people of St. Louis and local law enforcement will remain peaceful and respectful of one another , " McCaskill said . Another Missouri lawmaker and member of the Congressional Black Caucus , Rep. Emanuel Cleaver , posted a dozen messages on Twitter as St. Louis County prosecutor began his press conference to announce the grand jury 's conclusion . Sen. Cory Booker , the only Senator in the black caucus , tweeted after the grand jury decision Thursday that his thoughts were with Michael Brown 's family and echoed "  their calls for peace / nonviolence . " Sen. Tim Scott , a black Republican who is not a member of the caucus , said he hoped that "  good can come out of this tragic situation " and called on activists to channel their frustration into "  productive ways to build our communities . "	The Congressional Black Caucus called the decision to not indict Darren Wilson ' a slap in the face ' Some members of Congress took Twitter overnight to express their frustration with the case Rep. Marcia Fudge , the caucus ' chair , called the decision a ` miscarriage of justice '
CNN  -- In the port city of Aqaba , southern Jordan , construction works are popping up everywhere . This special economic zone on the Red Sea -- where key container shipping , manufacturing and tourism industries sit side by side -- lies less than half an hour from Israel and Egypt by shuttle boat . It is also favorably positioned as an entry point for seaborne goods heading north through Iraq and central Asia . Now , after the uncertainty of the global economic crisis and Arab Spring , Aqaba is beginning to fulfill its promise . The city 's population has doubled since the year 2000 to 140,000 people today . Another 100,000 are expected to move in by 2020 . Businesses are also arriving . After $ 300 million of investment on cranes & equipment , shipping traffic has more than doubled in eight years . According to Jeppe Jensen , CEO of Aqaba Container Terminals , which is nearly a third of the way through a 25-year lease on a one-kilometer area along the waterfront , Aqaba stands out as a place to do business . "  We are at the crossroads of three continents and four countries which makes us a natural hub , " Jensen said . But with neighboring Iraq paralyzed by conflict and faced with the very real prospect of breakup , regional uncertainty is once again an issue for businesses operating here . Jensen believes , however , that his clients can bank on Jordan 's alliances with Washington , Brussels and the Arab Gulf States . "  We now have the political instability which dampens the throughput to Iraq , " he said . "  But  we do believe when Iraq is cleared out again there will be a huge potential for Aqaba . " Growth industries Other companies spy opportunity amidst the uncertainty . Streit armored cars is one of more than 1,300 companies calling Aqaba port home -- no doubt enticed by a 5 % corporate tax on net profits despite the nearby chaos . The company recently signed a long term lease to help double factory space and monthly production . After political unrest and war in Syria and Iraq , demand is solid for armored personnel carriers  APCs  . "  Six months ago we were 4,000 square meters now we are 8,500 within another six months we will be at 18 thousand square meters , " said Ziad Al Essa , vice-chair and general manager of Streit Makers of armored cars aside , companies are here are trying to read the regional headwinds . As well as the increasingly complex conflict in Iraq , Egypt is under new rule after revolution and counter-revolution while the Israeli and Palestinian conflict still persists . The ideal location for doing business , it seems , comes with risk attached .	Aqaba is a port city on the rise in Southern Jordan Strategic location close to Israel and Egypt gives it trading edge Conflict in Iraq has brought both uncertainty and opportunity
CNN  -- Tom Hanks and Sting were among the honorees selected Thursday to receive the 37th annual Kennedy Center Honors . The list consists of Hanks , the two-time Oscar-winning actor known for such films as "  Forrest Gump " and "  Saving Private Ryan " ; Sting , the former Police frontman whose new musical , "  The Last Ship , " will open on Broadway this fall ; and Al Green , the Memphis soul singer whose hits include "  Let 's Stay Together , " "  Love and Happiness " and "  Tired of Being Alone . " Also being honored : comedian and actress Lily Tomlin , whose career includes the TV show "  Laugh-In , " the film "  9 to 5 " and the stage show "  The Search for Signs of Intelligent Life in the Universe " ; and ballerina Patricia McBride . "  The Kennedy Center celebrates five extraordinary individuals who have spent their lives elevating the cultural vibrancy of our nation and the world , " said Kennedy Center Chairman David M. Rubenstein in a press release announcing the honors . The Honors Gala , in which the honorees will be saluted by colleagues from the arts and entertainment , is scheduled for December 7 . A broadcast of the event will air on CBS on December 30 .	Also in the group : Al Green , Lily Tomlin , Patricia McBride Awards celebrate "  five extraordinary individuals , " says Kennedy Center chair Honors Gala set for December 7 , to be broadcast on December 30
CNN  -- Taoufik Makhloufi stormed to gold in the 1500-meters , making the most of his reinstatement after initially being thrown out of the Olympics for not trying hard enough . The Algerian middle distance runner was expelled from the Games on Monday after the International Association of Athletics Federations  IAAF  said he did n't give his all in heats for the 800m . Makhloufi had tried to withdraw from the heat but did n't meet the deadline . He completed just 200m of the race before pulling out , prompting the IAAF to act . But after evidence submitted by a medical officer from the Games organizers , LOCOG , Makhloufi was reinstated and made the most of his reprieve by taking his first Olympic title . Day eleven of the Olympics as it happened American Leonel Manzano grabbed the silver medal while Morocco 's Abdelati Iguider took bronze . Sally Pearson asserted her dominance in the women 's 100m hurdles by winning Australia 's first track and field gold of the 2012 Games . Pearson , the reigning world champion , set a new Olympic record time of 12.35 seconds , narrowly beating defending champion Dawn Harper of the United States while another American , Kellie Wells , claimed bronze . "  I do n't even know how to describe it because it 's like a dream right now , " she told the host broadcaster . "  I really wanted this tonight , I 've worked so hard for the last two years . "  My goals were last year to win the world champs and this year to win the Olympic Games and I 've done that and I could n't be happier . " Robert Harting won the men 's discus final with a throw of 68.18 m to hand Germany their first athletics gold of the Games . The 27-year-old kept up his formidable record in the sport , having not been beaten in two years , and celebrated by jumping some of the hurdles that were on the track during his lap of honor . Ehsan Hadadi came second to give Iran their first ever Olympic medal in athletics while defending champion Gerd Kanter of Estonia took the bronze medal . In the men 's high jump , Russia 's Ivan Ukhov took gold with a leap of 2.38 meters , edging America 's Erik Kynard into second . Qatari Mutaz Essa Barshim , Derek Drouin of Canada and Great Britain 's Robbie Grabarz shared the bronze . Usain Bolt , who successfully retained his 100-meter title on Sunday , began the defense of his 200m title easing through his heat , shortly before fellow Jamaican Yohan Blake . Team USA 's Maurice Mitchell clinched the third heat , while France 's Christophe Lemaitre clocked the fastest time of the morning to win his heat . The women 's 200-meter semifinals were also held ahead of the final Wednesday . American sprinters Sanya Richards Ross , Allyson Felix and Carmelita Jeter will likely battle with Jamaica 's Veronica Campbell-Brown and Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce for the medals after clocking fast times to qualify .	Taoufik Makhloufi wins gold in the 1500m after being reinstated to the Games Algerian was initially disqualified from Olympics for not trying hard enough in 800m Australia 's Sally Pearson takes gold in the 100m hurdles in an Olympic record time Russia 's Ivan Ukhov wins men 's high jump , Germany 's Robert Harting the discus
CNN  -- "  Back in my day , we used to walk five miles uphill , carrying all our books in the blistering cold and the pouring rain ... " You know the line . It 's been uttered by grandparents and parents time and time again . They ca n't help but recap how their experiences were so different from kids ' today . And when it comes to walking to school , they could n't be more right . Forty-five years ago , nearly 48 % of students walked to school . Thanks in part to the proliferation of automobiles and school systems that feed larger regions , that number has dropped dramatically . Five years ago , barely 13 % of students walked or biked to school , according to the American Journal of Preventive Medicine . But October 8 is International Walk to School Day . It 's a day dedicated to celebrating all the benefits of walking . This global event encourages students around the world to get out and get moving , combating childhood obesity by upping students ' activity levels . By getting more children and parents out walking , organizers say , they 're creating a sense of community , helping others learn safe places to walk and cutting down on fuel emissions and traffic congestion caused by long carpool lines and big , yellow school buses . In Somerville , New Jersey , there 's a different school bus making the rounds and picking up students near Van Derveer Elementary School . It 's called a walking school bus , and it has been rolling -- stepping , really -- for more than 10 years . "  It 's just the coolest thing , " said Susan Haynes , principal of Van Derveer Elementary School . At that time , Haynes was the newly minted principal with this dilemma on her desk : In New Jersey , bus service is n't required if students live within 2Â 1/2 miles of school and all Van Derveer 's students fall within that range . Budget cuts meant the district 's free shuttle service would be eliminated . Cuts as extreme as those in Somerville are n't common , but the savings can be substantial , said Jim Crane , project manager for the National Center for Safe Routes to School . Inspired by international programs , district leaders in Somerville implemented the walking school bus , which is still running today . Participants say the walking school bus has built a greater sense of community . Parents , teachers and volunteers -- all on foot -- pick up students along a designated route on their way to school . Firefighters , police officers , even Sparky -- mascot of the Somerset Patriots baseball team -- participate on occasion . As they walk to school in sun , snow and rain , the bus continues to grow . Special days have been designed to draw extra attention to their everyday initiative . Walk to School Wednesdays and Foot-It Fridays are a direct result of student feedback and involvement . One-third of the student body participated in the school 's most recent Walk to School on Wednesday . "  It 's kind of like you 're driving in a real school bus , but you just walk all the way to the school , " fifth grader Makhia Robinson said . Sometimes , even , uphill . How do your kids get to school ? Share your thoughts in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page .	October 8 is International Walk to School Day In recent years , only about 10 % of students regularly walk to school One district organized a "  walking school bus " after budget cuts eliminated shuttles
After a long period of closed beta testing , Microsoft made the beta version of its social network , Socl , available to everyone on Tuesday . Socl initially launched this May . It 's a search-meets-social networking website that looks more like Pinterest than Facebook , and has until now been open only to invited Microsoft employees and college students . Now , everyone with a Microsoft or Facebook account can access it . The sign-up process is effortless -- users simply connect their account with Socl . They can then start sharing content  e.g. photos , videos , links  , and comment on other members ' posts . Socl 's forever-scrolling front page , which shows posts from all users , can feel a bit random . Also , though the site offers categorization by tags , it 's not that easy to find the content you want . Overall , Socl is a solid time-waster at this point . As more people join , the site should become more usable , but the question is : With all the social networks and content-sharing sites around , will Socl ever reach critical mass ? What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments below .	Microsoft opens Socl -- its social-meets-search site Launched for testing in May , the site remains an open beta test Anyone with a Microsoft or Facebook account can access it
CALAIS , France  CNN  -- French authorities on Tuesday dismantled a makeshift camp dubbed "  the Jungle , " which housed illegal migrants fleeing dangerous homelands to seek a more prosperous life in Europe . After being forced from their makeshift home , occupants of "  the Jungle " were driven away in buses for processing . French police broke up protests by refugee rights advocates and began clearing the squalid camp . The French government said it was targeting human smuggling and did not say where the migrants would be relocated . Police arrested 276 migrants , 125 of whom were minors , said Calais prefecture official Catherine Mande . See photos of police clearing the camp " A statement from the French immigration minister 's office said the "  illegal encampments " would be destroyed and then three bulldozers , a dozen trucks and a logging company would return the land to its natural state . Watch a report on the camp 's closure " The statement said the goal was to destroy the Jungle and other migrant shanties , "  which have become the main launch pad for clandestine immigration into the United Kingdom . " Was the French government right to demolish the illegal migrant camp ? Aided by smugglers , many of the migrants in coastal northern France attempt to make it into Britain , hiding in trucks that cross the English Channel . France and Britain signed an agreement in July to crack down on illegal immigration , including dispersing the migrants at the Jungle . British Home Secretary Alan Johnson said he was "  delighted " to hear that France was honoring the agreement . "  The measures that we have put in place are not only there to prevent illegal immigration but also to stop people trafficking , " he said . "  We are working with the French not only to strengthen our shared border but that of Europe as a whole . " Johnson said both nations were committed "  to helping individuals who are genuine refugees . " Others who do n't need protection were expected to return home , he said . The Jungle -- shanties cobbled from cardboard , plastic tarpaulins and scraps of wood -- housed as many as 1,000 men from nations such as Afghanistan , Iraq , Iran and Somalia . Camp resident Mohammed Bashir escaped the Taliban in Afghanistan and made a new home in a tent here , among the heaps of garbage , sand and bramble on the outskirts of the French port city of Calais . Sometimes , eight men shared the tent . "  I never lived in such a condition like this back home , but right now we do n't have any other choice , " said Bashir , 24 , who left behind his family . "  It 's very difficult , very hard for a person who has children and parents . " Desperation filled the air in the Jungle . Many residents survived arduous and illegal treks from their homelands . Some held ambitions to keep going another 20 miles , across the water to Britain . Others hoped to realize refugee status in France . See a map of the region " But Tuesday , they were forced to put their plans on hold as they were evicted from the Jungle . Refugee advocates circled the migrants and scuffled with police to keep them at bay . But eventually , the protests were broken up , the migrants were taken away and the shanties started coming down . The French government 's decision drew criticism from humanitarian workers who do n't think that demolishing the camp will help resolve illegal immigration issues . They say moving the migrants is simply displacing the problem . "  We do n't know where they 're going to go , " said Matthieu Tardis , an advocate for asylum seekers . "  We do n't know what the government plans to do . We are not respecting human rights here , for sure . " The office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees sent staff to Calais earlier in the summer to counsel people about asylum procedures in France and Britain . According to the U.N. agency , most of the illegal migrants enter Europe through Greece and often fall victim to smugglers who turn a profit by helping migrants reach their destinations . The camp residents who fled Afghanistan told CNN they had paid smugglers large sums . They were promised much more than the filthy camp , they said . Bashir said he had no choice but to flee his home after Taliban militants accused him of spying . "  When they do n't need you , they just slaughter you , " he said . "  They threatened me that -LSB- I would -RSB- be slaughtered . " Bashir 's future remains uncertain as ever . He is sure only of one thing : He can not go home .	French police arrest 276 migrants at "  Jungle " camp , 125 were minors Migrants had been living in makeshift tents made from cardboard , plastic sheeting Refugee advocates circled the migrants , trying to keep police at bay The French government has not said where the migrants would be relocated
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian police have killed a drug trafficker who the government says is one of the most sought-after fugitive outside the country 's rebel leaders . Victor Manuel Mejia Munera was a drug lord with ties to paramilitary groups , the Colombian government says . Victor Manuel Mejia Munera and two bodyguards were killed Tuesday when police tracked them down on a farm in the northwestern province of Antioquia , according to a statement on the Colombian presidency Web site . Three people also were arrested , according to the statement . Mejia Munera was wearing an American-style , desert-camouflage uniform when he was killed , said Colombian Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos . Mejia Munera also had short - and long-range weapons with ammunition , the presidential statement said . "  This is a great strike of the Public Force against the criminal structures of the country , " Santos said , warning that drug traffickers who do not turn themselves over to the government will "  end up in the jail or in a tomb . " In terms of the country 's most-wanted list , Mejia Munera was one of Colombia 's most sought-after criminals and ranked just below the leaders of Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , the statement said . The leftist guerilla group , which goes by its Spanish acronym FARC , holds about 750 hostages in the jungles of Colombia and has justified hostage-taking as a legitimate military tactic in a long-running civil war involving government forces , drug traffickers and right-wing paramilitaries . Mejia Munera is not alleged to have ties to FARC , but he had been involved with a right-wing paramilitary group known as United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia , according to the U.S. State Department . Mejia Munera and his brother , Miguel Angel Mejia Munera , known as "  Los Mellizos , " or "  the Twins , " have been accused of running major drug rings in Colombia . The brothers also have faced narcotics-trafficking charges in the United States . Santos initially told reporters that police had killed Miguel Angel Mejia Munera . The Colombian presidency later said the slain drug lord was actually Victor Manuel Mejia Munera . Fingerprints confirmed that the dead man was Victor Mejia Munera , Colombian-based Caracol Radio reported . The brothers sometimes exchanged identities , the radio station said , and identity documents belonging to Miguel Mejia Munera were found near Victor Mejia Munera . In 2004 , the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia indicted the twins on narcotics-trafficking charges . The U.S. Justice Department at one point offered a $ 5 million reward for "  true and effective information " on the whereabouts of a dozen suspects it wanted extradited to the United States . One of the 12 men wanted was Miguel Mejia Munera . The State Department said Wednesday there was no reward for Victor Mejia Munera . The U.S. Treasury Department 's Office of Foreign Assets Control reported that the brothers have been involved in narcotics trafficking since the early 1990s , when they were guarding ships carrying cocaine from western Colombia to Mexico . "  Over time , " OFAC said in a news release last year , the brothers "  rose through the ranks to lead their own narcotics trafficking organization . " "  Recent reports indicate that Los Mellizos may be funding their own illegal armed groups to facilitate their narcotics trafficking activities , " the release said . The Colombian prosecutor general 's office had indicted Victor Mejia Munera for his role in a 2004 paramilitary massacre of 11 farmers in Tame in the eastern Colombian province of Arauca , according to the State Department . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Weapons , ammunition found with dead drug lord , Colombian government says NEW : Defense minister warns drug dealers will "  end up in the jail or in a tomb " Victor Manuel Mejia Munera linked to paramilitaries , also wanted in the U.S. The slain man was originally thought to be brother Miguel Angel Mejia
CNN  -- BATE Borisov stunned German giants Bayern Munich 3-1 Tuesday to continue their superb start to the Champions League group stages . The Belarusians won their opener against Lille and followed that up with a famous victory in their own stadium in Minsk . It was the first defeat after nine straight wins in all competitions for German league leaders Bayern and they were always on the back foot once Aleksandr Pavlov put the home side ahead after 23 minutes . Vitali Rodionov doubled the lead with 12 minutes remaining before Franck Ribery first struck the post then grabbed a 90th minute lifeline for the visitors . Brazilian Renan Bressan sealed a famous victory for BATE with a clinching third on the counter attack in the fifth minute of injury time . "  This is a sensational result for us , we will celebrate a bit but we need to keep working hard , " BATE 's ex-Arsenal star Aleksandr Hleb told AFP . "  Bayern are still favorites in our group , we are taking it one match at a time . In the other match in Group F , Valencia condemned Lille to their second straight defeat with a 2-0 win at the Mestella in Spain . Goals from Jonas in either half clinched the vital win for Valencia . An upset also looked possible when Manchester United trailed to minnows CFR Cluj in Romania through an early strike from Pantelis Kapetanos . But a pair of goals from Robin van Persie , both time assisted by Wayne Rooney , secured victory for Alex Ferguson 's men . They top Group H with two wins , while FC Braga beat Galatasaray 2-0 in the other match played . Reigning champions Chelsea secured their first victory in Group E , beating Danish minnows FC Nordsjaelland 4-0 in Copenhagen . A Juan Mata goal just before half time was all that separated the two sides for much of the encounter and Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech made a superb save to touch a Joshua John shot on to the post after the break . But David Luiz rifled home a second from a free kick , Mata scored his second , and Ramires with the fourth put a gloss on the scoreline . Juventus , who held Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in their opener , had to come from behind to salvage a point against Shakhtar Donetsk in a 1-1 draw in Turin . Willian fed fellow Brazilian Alex Texeira to fire the Ukrainians ahead after 23 minutes . But Serie A champions Juventus preserved their 45-match unbeaten run when Leonardo Bonucci scored from Andrea Pirlo 's corner just a minute later . Barcelona won the heavyweight clash in Benfica 2-0 to maintain their 100 per cent start to Group G. Alexis Sanchez put Barca ahead after only six minutes and midfielder Cesc Fabregas sealed three points in the Stadium of Light after the break . Their night was partially spoilt with two minutes to go when Sergio Busquets was shown red after a clash with Maxi Pereira . Scottish champions Celtic are giving chase on four points after a 3-2 away win over Spartak Moscow . Celtic went into the match in the Russian capital with a record of 11 straight losses on the road in the Champions League and 21 games without a win away from home . But an early goal from Gary Hooper gave Neil Lennon 's men great encouragement . Spartak hit back to lead 2-1 after an Emmanuel Emmenike double , but home defender Juan Insaurralde was sent off just after the hour mark for pulling back Hooper . Celtic leveled when substitute James Forrest 's shot found its way home via a rebound from defender Dmitri Kombarov . Giorgos Samaras headed a dramatic and deserved late winner for Celtic .	BATE Borisov beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in Champions League Two wins from two for the Belarus side in Group F Chelsea , Manchester United and Barcelona secure away wins Celtic snap away drought with superb 3-2 win in Moscow
Formula One legend Michael Schumacher remains in a medically induced coma , according to his agent , while one of his former teammates is "  praying " for his recovery . The 45-year-old suffered a severe head injury while skiing on December 29 in the French Alps . "  Michael is still in the wake-up phase , " said his manager Sabine Kehm in a statement on Friday . "  The situation has not changed . " Germany 's seven-time world champion was placed into a medically-induced coma to help reduce swelling on the brain . Schumacher has had two operations to relieve pressure on his brain and to remove haematomas at Grenoble Hospital , France . Kehm once again confirmed that "  any medical information published which is not confirmed by the team of doctors treating Michael or his management has to be considered as not valid . " His friend and fellow racing driver , Felipe Massa , says he is optimistic Schumacher will recover after visiting him in hospital last month . "  I pray for him every day , " Massa told CNN . "  I believe things can be better and normal for him . "  I keep praying and hope everything will be fine . " Schumacher , who retired from F1 in 2012 following a record-breaking 19-year career , had been skiing off-piste when he fell and hit his head against a rock . Last month , his family issued a statement where they said they still "  strongly believe " in his recovery . They also conceded that the "  wake-up phase " can take "  a long time . " Schumacher , who won five consecutive titles with Ferrari between 2000-04 , also claimed two drivers ' championships at Benetton in 1994 and 1995 . Unlike his friend , Massa has found success harder to come by and ended his eight-year spell at Ferrari to join Williams for the 2014 season . The 32-year-old , who won eight grands prix with Ferrari , came agonizingly close to winning the drivers ' title in 2008 only to be defeated by Lewis Hamilton in the final race . Now the Brazilian hopes he can succeed with Williams following the unveiling of the British team 's new car . "  It 's my dream , " said Massa of winning the sport 's top prize . "  I always had this dream and I 'll do everything I can to make it real . "  It 's very nice and important to me . I was very close to achieving that . "  We keep wishing , fighting and I think we need to believe all the time that things can change from one year to the next . "  It 's a new year and I hope we do well . "	Michael Schumacher remains in medically induced coma Schumacher agent : "  Michael is still in the wake-up phase " Felipe Massa says he is praying for Schumacher 's recovery Massa aiming to win drivers ' title with Williams
CNN  "  Breast is best " -- you could call it a mantra of sorts that sums up much of today 's research on breastfeeding . Not only does breastfeeding have clear short-term benefits , such as protection from infectious diseases and a reduction in mortality , it 's also been shown to be associated with an increase in intelligence . Prior studies have shown an increase of up to 7.5 IQ points in elementary age children who were breastfed , as well as an increase in verbal , performance and comprehensive IQ in adults . The latest addition to this perspective is a long-term study of infants born in Pelotas , Brazil , in 1982 . Published in Lancet , the study interviewed 5,914 new mothers about their plans for breastfeeding and then followed up to see how they did . "  Information on breastfeeding duration was collected very close to the time when weaning happened , so we had a very precise information on the duration of breastfeeding , " said study author , Dr. Bernardo Lessa Horta , in a podcast on Lancet . What makes this study unique is that it followed the subjects all the way to age 30 . "  We were able to follow about 68 % of the participants , which is a very good follow-up rate , " said Lessa Horta . "  We observed that breastfeeding was positively associated with performance and intelligence at 30 years old , as well as with education , school achievement and higher monthly incomes . " In fact , Lessa Horta said the subjects who had been breastfed for 12 months or longer had a higher IQ  about 3.7 points  , more years of education and earned roughly 20 % more than the average income level . "  It 's suggesting that the positive effect of breastfeeding on IQ leads to a higher income , " he said . "  This is our main finding at this moment . " One possible reason for the advantage of breast milk , Lessa Horta added , is that it is "  rich in long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids which are important to brain growth and development . " Called LCPUFA for short , these essential fatty acids are found in salmon and shellfish and have been added to infant formulas since the 1990s . However , the benefit to mental or psychomotor development from adding LCPUFA to infant formula is unclear . Because the study did not measure home life , intellectual stimulation or bonding between mother and child , it was not able to tease out whether these factors may have also contributed to the increase in IQ . That leaves it open to critics , such as Texas A&M Professor Joan Wolf , author of "  Is Breast Best ? "  This study does not address the very real possibility that mothers who choose to breastfeed , regardless of income or education , distinguish themselves from those who bottle-feed in all kinds of ways that are likely to promote intelligence , " Wolf wrote CNN . For Lessa Horta , the implications of his study are clear : "  The finding supports the promotion of breastfeeding . It 's more evidence that besides the clear short term benefits , breastfeeding also has long term consequences in terms of human potential . "	Long-term study finds that IQ at age 30 was nearly 4 points higher for babies breastfed for a year or more Study conducted in Brazil also associates longer breastfeeding with higher income and education levels Critic points out that the study does n't account for other possible contributing factors
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- Representatives for leading social conservative groups in Iowa held a secret meeting Monday as part of an effort with one main goal : find and support a Republican presidential candidate who can stop Mitt Romney in Iowa . The idea : avoid splintering the conservative vote in the state by rallying around one GOP rival who could win Iowa 's Jan. 3 caucus and then challenge Romney in New Hampshire and the other early voting states . Many social conservatives and other religious leaders in the state have openly labeled the former Massachusetts governor as a "  flip-flopper , " a criticism the campaign frequently beats back , while others have seen Romney 's Mormon faith as an issue . And many of them have openly hoped for someone to emerge as a viable alternative to the former Massachusetts governor . CNN reached out to the Romney campaign for reaction to the secret meeting and the overall anti-Romney effort . "  Gov. Romney is running a 50-state campaign . He 's going to be competitive in Iowa , New Hampshire , South Carolina and all the other early states , " said Romney campaign spokesman Ryan Williams . "  He 's reaching out to each and every voter . " One attendee at the meeting earlier this week told CNN they wanted "  to see if they could come to a consensus of who they might endorse . " But the source was skeptical about the impact of Iowa social conservatives rallying behind one candidate . "  If you want to stop Romney you 're probably going to have to have some organization -LSB- and -RSB- some money , " the source said . "  Somebody who 's at 5 % or 6 % in the polls , and they endorse , I do n't think that does any good . " Multiple sources have described to CNN details of the meeting and the general effort . The meeting , the group 's first , took place in a private office building in Des Moines on Monday . In attendance were representatives from the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition , The Family Leader , the group Iowa Right to Life , and a representative for the Iowa chapter of Concerned Women for America . Some pastors from prominent Iowa churches also attended the meeting . The effort seems limited to Iowa , with no apparent outreach to similar groups in other states . While the concerns have been voiced before , what appears to be new is the meeting itself and organizers ' hope for like-minded groups to come together against Romney , at least in Iowa . Sources say there were about 20 to 25 people present at the meeting and that another meeting is planned for Monday of next week . The effort is said to still be in the discussion phase . Participants were said to have narrowed their focus down to four candidates : Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann , Texas Gov. Rick Perry , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum . Iowa social conservatives want to find alternative CNN spoke with Chuck Hurley , vice-president of The Family Leader , regarding the meeting . Initially , he was reluctant to discuss the gathering . "  There was a statement made in the meeting not to divulge the contents of the meeting , " Hurley said . Hurley said he had invited some attendees and confirmed the meeting 's purpose was , in fact , to seek a consensus pick to topple Romney , who has been at or near the top of recent polls in the state . He added that the group is not trying to take on any authority role . "  They 're very unofficial , " Hurley said . Hurley also helped to clarify why Georgia businessman Herman Cain and Texas Rep. Ron Paul were not part of the conversation . "  My best recollection is that there were some issues about states ' rights , as they pertained to the sanctity of human life and marriage , " Hurley said , although he could not recall specific arguments against the two candidates . "  I think that was more Ron Paul . " Hurley also stressed many attendees praised Herman Cain . But there were concerns about "  a lack of clarity with Mr. Cain ... lack of consistency on issues of sanctity of life and marriage . " "  I think with Mr. Cain there was some concern he 's maybe not quite experienced enough in civics ... And maybe not quite ready for that number one job , " Hurley added . The Cain and Paul campaigns challenged similar , yet separate , criticisms on Tuesday when one of the groups took both men out of consideration for its presidential endorsement . Regarding the sexual harassment claims lobbed against Cain -- claims the candidate strongly denies -- Hurley said : "  That was not mentioned , that I can recall . " Jenifer Bowen , the executive director of Iowa Right to Life , also attended the Monday meeting . "  I was invited by the leader of The Family Leader , " Bowen said , referring to Hurley . "  My understanding was , I 'm assuming he was the one who really spearheaded the meeting . " Bowen explained that she listened to the appeals from attendees . However , Bowen said neither she nor board members of her group will endorse a candidate ahead of the caucuses . For those reasons , Bowen said she did not participate in the conversation and will not attend the upcoming meeting or others . Several groups rise up against Romney Bob Vander Plaats , president and CEO of The Family Leader , who was not at the Monday meeting and spoke to CNN only broadly about the conservative opposition to Romney . "  It 's no secret that there 's many conservatives throughout Iowa who are looking for the alternative to Romney , who can win Iowa , and then who can go the distance in New Hampshire and beyond and become our nominee that can beat Obama , " Vander Plaats said . "  Our concern is that if the conservatives stay as fragmented as they are , that Romney could win the Iowa caucuses . And if he wins the Iowa caucuses , he 'll be the nominee , " Vander Plaats added . "  So I think there 's an urgency to say , ` Well who is the person that could best challenge -LSB- Romney -RSB- then move on after Iowa ? " Kerry Jech , senior minister of the New Hope Christian Church in Marshalltown , explained the opposition to the former Massachusetts governor among some Christian and social conservatives . "  I think there is a concern we not splinter our support amongst several candidates to the point that somebody gets in the nomination who does n't share our values , " Jech said . Jech added that , in his view , Romney has "  waffled " on two issues that social conservatives care deeply about : the definition of marriage as between one man and one woman , and abortion . Yet Jech warned , "  I do n't think any of us are going to find a candidate we agree with 100 % on every issue . " Some also feel that Romney has repeatedly snubbed this key voting group in Iowa . "  I think he is sticking his finger in the eyes of the social conservatives by neglecting -LSB- them -RSB- , " said Steve Scheffler , president of the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition . Romney going after ` all caucus goers ' Citing the candidate 's "  pro-jobs , pro-growth message " and 25 years in business , Romney campaign spokesman Williams said the governor "  is the strongest candidate to take on and defeat President Obama in 2012 . " "  Gov. Romney is reaching out to all caucus goers , to all primary voters -- to everybody who intends to vote in the Republican nominating contests across the country , " Williams said . As for claims that Romney is inconsistent , Williams said the former Massachusetts governor has clearly "  laid out his positions in his book , on the campaign trail and in numerous policy proposals . " Romney currently leads , or is near the top , in several polls for Iowa . A recent CNN/Time/ORC International poll from late October , as well as a Des Moines Register survey , both showed Romney essentially tied with Cain .	Social conservatives in Iowa quietly meet to find alternative to Mitt Romney Many Republican religious leaders in the state call Romney a "  flip-flopper " Romney campaign says candidate "  is running a 50-state campaign "
CNN  -- If you know much about the real-time strategy game "  StarCraft II , " you may have heard a term that will sound completely bizarre to people outside the video game world : A.P.M. . It stands for Actions Per Minute , and it refers to the number of keyboard and mouse clicks a person can make during 60 seconds of time . The best players tend to average about 200 to 400 actions per minute , said Park Sang-ik , a "  StarCraft II " coach in South Korea , which long has been home to the world 's best players , who train professionally and can earn six figures . "  I do n't think there is a particular way to make your hands move faster , " he said . But do n't fret . Coaches say A.P.M. is becoming less important in the competitive "  StarCraft " world , particularly as more people jump to the sequel version of the game , from Blizzard Entertainment . And there are plenty of other tips the pros have to offer in addition to making your fingers move like those of Thing , the hand that runs all over the place in "  The Addams Family . " Here are five such tips , compiled from interviews with three of South Korea 's best "  StarCraft II " players , including MVP , MarineKing and SuperNoVa , as well as their coaches . Test them out and let us know what you think in the comments section below . 1 . Finger exercises . Like a piano player practicing scales , pro "  StarCraft II " player MarineKing does keyboard runs when he 's warming up for a big match . Some of the fidgety exercises he practices are " + a1a2a3a4a5a6a7a8a9a0 " and "  ASDF ASDF . " 2 . Mental health . Mental toughness is the most important aspect of "  StarCraft II , " said Kang Dong-hoon , coach of team Incredible Miracle , home to world champ MVP . Players should clear their minds before they play , he said , and they should visualize their strategies before a match . Such visualization will help players get off to a strong start and finish well , he said . 3 . Physical health . It may sound strange , but pro video-gaming teams in South Korea include physical exercise as part of their training regiment . MVP 's team runs , swims and lifts weights . 4 . Know your enemy . The pros watch tape of their opponents ' previous games before entering into a battle with them . Do they strike early ? What are their common mistakes ? This kind of analysis helps the player come up with a specific strategy to go for the win . Many weak players fall into routines , said Kang , from Incredible Miracle . The easiest way to beat someone is to spot and exploit these patterns . 5 . Keep at it . Pro gamers in South Korea live at training centers , where they practice playing video games almost round the clock on some days . All of this practice seems to pay off . South Koreans are regarded as the dominant power in online gaming , particularly the "  StarCraft " franchise . Kang said players in the country practice so much that "  normal people ca n't imagine " what it would be like .	Pros and coaches offer "  StarCraft II " training tips In South Korea , video games are a professional sport Mental and physical toughness are important for pro gamers , coaches say "  E-sport athletes " also watch tape of their opponents ' previous matches
CNN  -- Looking for something free to do this weekend ? Check out a national park . Entrance fees will be waived at all U.S. national park sites this Saturday and Sunday , April 19-20 , to kick off National Park Week , which runs through April 27 . Visitors still have to pay the usual fees at campgrounds and concession stands . With more than 400 National Park Service sites covering 84 million acres in the United States , there are plenty of spots to explore . And if you think national parks are just places where you can take a hike or be one with nature , think again . The Statue of Liberty is a national park . So is Gettysburg National Military Park . Parks and scenic trails like Yellowstone National Park in Montana are not the only areas that make up the National Park Service . Monuments , battlefields and historic sites are also given this distinction . "  National parks are closer than many people think ; every state has at least one , " said Kathy Kupper , a spokeswoman for the National Park Service . "  These range from big natural parks to smaller historical sites . " In addition to free admission this weekend , many parks are offering special events throughout the week . You can participate in the "  waterfall challenge " at California 's Whiskeytown National Recreation Area , commemorate the opening battle of the American Revolutionary War at Minute Man National Historic Park in Massachusetts or experience how Civil War soldiers lived in a living history encampment weekend at Appomattox Court House National Historic Park in Virginia . Many of the parks will have special activities for kids on National Junior Ranger Day on April 26 . In 2013 , national parks across the country saw 273.6 million visitors , with an average of 784,000 visitors per day during the month of April when National Park Week is always observed . "  National Park Week definitely raises awareness of national parks as great places to visit , " Kupper said . "  April is a good time , as the weather gets better , to remind people of all the great opportunities to get up and get out in a park . " What do you consider the world 's best national park ? Share your photos with CNN iReport .	April 19-27 is National Park Week in the U.S. All parks are free to enter Saturday and Sunday , April 19-20 Campground and concession fees still apply What 's the best national park in the world ? Share your photos .
CNN  -- Argentina 's Vice President Amado Boudou has been indicted on a bribery charge related to a currency printing contract awarded , while he was the nation 's economy minister , to a company he allegedly controlled . Boudou is accused of "  passive bribery and inconsistent negotiations , " according to the decision from Argentine Federal Judge Ariel Lijo that was released Friday . If convicted , Boudou could face up to six years in prison . Boudou , who was minister of economy from 2009 to 2011 , is suspected of using his influence to ensure that a contract to print Argentina 's currency was given to Ciccone CalcogrÃ ¡ fica , a company he allegedly controlled , judicial sources said . The vice president , who was in Cuba on an international tour , said through his lawyers Saturday that he was surprised by Lijo 's decision , and he denied any wrongdoing . Boudou is the first acting vice president in Argentina 's history to be prosecuted in a corruption case . The accusation comes at a sensitive time for Argentina as the government battles in U.S. courts against "  holdout " creditors who want full repayment of bonds left over from the country 's massive sovereign default in 2002 . Boudou has rejected previous calls to step down . According to released documents , Boudou accepted as a bribe 70 % of the shares of Ciccone Litografica . Boudou also is accused of collaborating in the process of helping the company come back from bankruptcy . According to Lijo , Boudou carried out the bribe and negotiations with the help of friends Jose Maria Nunez Carmona and Alejandro Vanderbroele , who also were indicted . The company 's owner , Nicholas Ciccone , was indicted on a charge of active bribery , and his son-in-law , William Reinwick , is accused as an accomplice . Also indicted was Rafael Brenner Resnick , former chief of staff of the Argentine Federal Administration of Public Revenue , for presumably facilitating the payment plan to lift Ciccone Litografica -- which was beset with tax debts -- out of bankruptcy . The judge ruled that Boudou will remain free while awaiting trial , but he must pay a fine of 200,000 pesos -- about $ 25,000 . His defense announced late Friday that they will appeal .	Charge is related to accusations against Amado Boudou when he was economy minister He is alleged to have used his influence to give a company he controlled a currency-printing contract Boudou is Argentina 's first sitting vice president to be prosecuted in a corruption case
EW.com  -- Who will win the adorkable face off ? Olivia Munn is joining Zooey Deschanel 's "  New Girl " for an arc this season . She 's going to play "  Angie , " a love interest for Nick  Jake Johnson  . She 's described as sexy  duh  , as well as "  earthy , charming and can hold her own with the group . " Seinfeld and ` Kramer ' get some coffee Deadline says Munn will shoot her "  New Girl " arc before re-joining HBO 's "  The Newsroom " for season two . "  New Girl " returned Tuesday night to 5.2 million viewers , down a bit from last year , but managed to tie NBC 's "  Go On . " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Olivia Munn is joining Zooey Deschanel 's "  New Girl " Munn will reportedly shoot her "  New Girl " arc before re-joining "  The Newsroom " "  New Girl " returned Tuesday night to 5.2 million viewers
CNN  -- Nineteen firefighters were killed Sunday battling a blaze in Arizona , the state forestry division said . The vast majority were from Prescott , said Wade Ward with the Prescott Fire Department . State forestry official Art Morrison said the firefighters were members of a "  hotshot " crew , tasked with digging a fire line and creating an escape route . "  In normal circumstances , when you 're digging fire line , you make sure you have a good escape route , and you have a safety zone set up , " Morrison said . "  Evidently , their safety zone was n't big enough , and the fire just overtook them . " The crew was fighting the Yarnell Hill fire , which broke out Friday northwest of Phoenix . The fire has grown to 1,000 acres , damaged three homes and forced the evacuations of residents in the communities of Peeples Valley and Yarnell , Morrison said . Authorities believe lightning sparked the blaze . Not including the 19 deaths reported in Arizona , there have been 43 firefighter fatalities reported so far in 2013 , according to the U.S. Fire Administration . A total of 83 firefighters died last year while on duty . A Facebook page in memory of the Arizona firefighters was created Sunday night . People left their condolences and messages of support . "  Such a tragic loss . My heart aches for these brave souls , and for their families and friends , " wrote one . "  I pray for the families and the town of Prescott . RIP , " wrote another .	NEW : Official : The firefighters were part of a crew tasked with digging a fire line "  Evidently , their safety zone was n't big enough , and the fire just overtook them , " he says A Facebook page is created in the memory of the firefighters They were battling the Yarnell Hill fire , northwest of Phoenix , on Sunday
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Taliban militants attacked a hotel near Kabul on Friday and seized dozens of hostages , sparking a fierce gunbattle with Afghan and NATO troops that left 26 people dead , authorities said . The standoff , which lasted 11 hours , ended with the deaths of all seven militants , police said . The militants killed 15 civilians , a police officer and three security guards , Kabul police Chief Mohammad Ayoub Salangi said . By the end of the siege , police had rescued all the remaining 50 civilians held hostage in the hotel , according to Salangi . Earlier , he had said there were five militants , but he revised the number as more details emerged . Police said they found burqas in the vehicle the attackers used to bring in explosives to the hotel , an indication that some were dressed as women . A burqa is an outer garment worn by Muslim women to cover their bodies . Terrified civilians fled when the gunmen struck the Spozhmai hotel about midnight Thursday , with some jumping into a nearby lake to avoid the bloodshed . The hotel was hosting an outdoor dinner that drew a large number of guests when the attack occurred . Afghan forces had moved slowly overnight to avoid civilian casualties . "  We did not take any action in the dark because of the risk to civilians , " Salangi said . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said there was no immediate indication of coalition casualties . In a written statement , the U.S. Embassy in Kabul praised the professionalism of Afghan forces and condemned the attack as "  the latest in the insurgents ' murderous campaign against innocent Afghan civilians , especially women and children . " Pentagon spokesman George Little said the strike "  bears all the hallmarks " of the Haqqani network . The network , a movement with close ties to the Taliban and based in neighboring Pakistan , is one of the militant groups fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan . "  The Haqqani network , which has the backing of elements within the Pakistani security establishment , is one of Afghanistan 's most experienced and sophisticated insurgent organizations , " the Institute for the Study of War said . "  Although the Haqqani network is officially subsumed under the larger Taliban umbrella organization led by Mullah Omar and his Quetta Shura Taliban , the Haqqanis maintain distinct command and control , and lines of operations . " The attack follows recent strikes aimed at coalition troops and Afghan security forces . Bombings in two eastern provinces Wednesday killed at least 29 people , including three American soldiers . It also comes nearly a year after an insurgent attack on Kabul 's Hotel Inter-Continental killed nine attackers and 12 others . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said the hotel attack targeted Westerners . Attackers are armed with suicide vests , rocket-propelled grenades and heavy machine guns , he said in an e-mail while the siege was under way . "  Every night people come here for different types of debauchery , but on Thursday night , the number increases , including foreigners who come here and they hold anti-Islamic ceremonies , " Mujahid said . "  Tonight , according to our information , a number of ISAF and embassy diplomats from foreign countries have been invited by some senior Kabul administration officials and are now under attack . " He said the Taliban fought government forces outside the hotel and had killed tens of government officials and foreigners , but the insurgents regularly inflate casualty figures . The Taliban , an Islamic fundamentalist militia , once ruled most of the country . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	Pentagon says the attack "  bears all the hallmarks " of the Haqqani network The U.S. Embassy condemns the attack and praises Afghan forces Militants kill 15 civilians , a police officer and three security guards , police chief says It 's the latest in a string of high-profile strikes this week
Washington  CNN  -- Top congressional Republicans on Friday used a new dismal jobs report to blast Democrats ' push for more tax revenue in the ongoing debt ceiling negotiations , arguing that such a move would derail an already shaky economic recovery . Federal officials reported Friday that the economy added only 18,000 jobs in June -- far below the number predicted by most economists . Unemployment inched up another tenth of a point to 9.2 % . "  Today 's report is more evidence that the misguided ` stimulus ' spending binge , excessive regulations , and an overwhelming national debt continue to hold back private-sector job creation in our country , " said House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  A debt limit increase that raises taxes or fails to make serious spending cuts wo n't pass the House . " House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , said the jobs figures "  serve as a warning that as we address the debt limit increase we should n't do so in a way that raises taxes and impedes the ability of small businesses to create jobs and get people back to work . ... Let me be clear : Republicans will not agree to tax increases . Period . " President Obama did n't respond to the Republicans , but reiterated his call for a rapid conclusion to the debt ceiling talks . The employment report "  confirms what most Americans already know , " the president said at the White House . "  We still have a long way to go and a lot of work to do . " "  The sooner we get " an agreement raising the debt ceiling , the sooner businesses will have "  the certainty that they will need in order to make additional investments to grow and hire , " he said . Boehner on Saturday said that the insistence by Obama and Democrats on raising revenue through higher taxes prevented any chance that Republicans could support a major deal that also would cut spending and reform entitlement programs such as Medicare . The White House immediately pushed back , with a senior administration official saying Boehner initially accepted the need to increase tax rates on wealthy Americans as part of a deal , but then Republicans offered a different plan in the talks with Obama that began Thursday . Boehner said the parameters of the negotiations would be scaled back from what the administration had requested and the focus would be on spending cuts already discussed in previous talks led by Vice President Joe Biden . "  I believe the best approach may be to focus on producing a smaller measure , based on the cuts identified in the Biden-led negotiations , that still meets our call for spending reforms and cuts greater than the amount of the debt limit increase , " Boehner said in a statement . The White House maintains it will still push for the big deal and reiterated rejection of a short-term , temporary agreement to get the debt ceiling raised , a senior administration official said Saturday . Boehner and Cantor were part of a group of eight congressional leaders from both parties that met behind closed doors with Obama at the White House Thursday to help hammer out an agreement to raise the nation 's $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling . Treasury Department officials have warned that a failure to raise the limit by August 2 could led to a possible default with catastrophic economic fallout , including skyrocketing interest rates and a plummeting dollar . The group is scheduled to meet again on Sunday . Obama said in Thursday 's meeting that he will not sign any agreement that fails to raise the debt ceiling beyond the 2012 election , according to two congressional sources with knowledge of the talks . The president has signaled a willingness to include reforms to popular entitlement programs such as Social Security and Medicare as part of a broad agreement for between $ 3 trillion and $ 4 trillion in deficit cuts over the next decade , said Democratic officials familiar with the negotiations . Defense spending and tax reform are also on the table , the officials told CNN . "  Nobody 's plan is going to be the plan that emerges , " White House press secretary Jay Carney said . "  Comprehensiveness and balance are our targets . " Congressional Democrats , meanwhile , are wrestling with rising anger among liberal House members in the wake of news that the president might agree to entitlement cuts . A group of progressive House Democrats said Thursday morning they are collecting signatures for a letter to Obama opposing any reductions in Social Security , Medicare , or Medicaid . The members warned that they would oppose any deal that cuts entitlement programs or fails to raise taxes on the wealthy . "  We feel that the discussions have been skewed up to this point , " said Rep. Raul Grijalva , D-Arizona . He called for protection for "  programs that are essential to working folks and the middle class . " "  The debt must be addressed , but it should be done in a way that is fair to all , " said Rep. Judy Chu , D-California . The politically influential AARP , formerly the American Association of Retired Persons , also weighed in , warning it would oppose any deal cutting Social Security . "  AARP urges all lawmakers to reject any proposals that would cut the benefits seniors have earned through a lifetime of hard work , " said Barry Rand , the organization 's CEO . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , who met with Obama on Friday , told reporters she wants the president to "  have the room " to reach a deal , and offered her "  full cooperation to do that . " However , she said , House Democrats "  do not support cuts in benefits for Social Security or Medicare , " and negotiations on specific reforms to those programs should be separate from a broader deficit reduction deal . Pelosi linked entitlement reforms to Democratic calls for eliminating Bush-era tax cuts for wealthy Americans by restoring higher tax rates for families earning more than $ 250,000 a year . "  Do not consider Social Security a piggy bank for giving tax cuts to the wealthiest people in our country , " she said . CNN has learned negotiators are considering the possibility of raising the Social Security retirement age and trimming benefit levels for older Americans with incomes over $ 60,000 . Cuts in the range of $ 500 billion are being considered for Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security , a congressional aide close to the negotiations said . Democrats like Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , have long rejected such cuts . The aide , however , insisted the only real talks going on are between Obama and Boehner , who are holding discussions "  in good faith . " The two men met last weekend , a Republican official told CNN . If Obama and Boehner reach an agreement on such an ambitious package , they realize it will likely be met with stiff opposition from lawmakers in both parties , the aide said . Tea party-backed conservatives will oppose revenue hikes , and liberal Democrats will oppose entitlement cuts . That said , the aide indicated , Obama and Boehner believe they can each gain politically from making an attempt to cut a grand deal -- even if it is rejected -- because the public would see they tried to take bold steps to solve the problem . If it is rejected , the two can fall back on a $ 2.4 trillion deal put forth before the talks collapsed . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , will likely reject such a deal , in part because Republicans believe they have a better chance of winning back the Senate if a long-term deal fails , the aide said . Democrats are confident Republicans will ultimately agree to some revenue changes -- such as a hike in some fees and the closing of some unpopular tax loopholes . But it will be much more challenging to get them to agree to significant and costly reforms like the capping of tax deductions for people earning more than $ 250,000 per year , the aide said . If Republicans ultimately reject any revenue increases and Congress ca n't raise the debt limit , Democrats believe Republicans will be blamed for causing a default , according to the aide . Publicly , both sides continue to rail against proposals by the other . Obama said Wednesday he wants a deal with Congress in the next two weeks , but did n't rule out using a constitutional argument to increase how much money the government can borrow . "  I do n't think we should even get to the constitutional issue , " Obama said during a Twitter town hall at the White House in response to a tweeted question on whether he would rely on a clause in the 14th Amendment to unilaterally raise the debt ceiling . The debt ceiling should not be "  used as a gun against the heads of the American people to extract tax breaks for corporate jet owners , " Obama said , calling for "  a balanced approach where everything 's on the table . " CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Ted Barrett , Brianna Keilar , Tom Cohen , Kate Bolduan , and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	GOP leaders say Friday 's poor jobs report is more evidence tax hikes ca n't be part of a deal Democrats and Republicans are trying to reach a deal to raise the debt ceiling by August 2 Boehner says that Democrats ' insistence on tax hikes jeopardizes any long-term deal White House source says Obama will insist on a long-term deal in talks Sunday evening
CNN  -- Much has changed for Fresno State student body President Pedro Ramirez since he made news in November for admitting to being an undocumented immigrant . For one , he says he 's been threatened countless times . "  My cell phone info was public since I 'm the  student body  president and so that was leaked out and people were calling me at night leaving me very -- let 's say passionate voice mails , " he said . The worst was the voice mail of gunshots and someone laughing in the background , he said . He received phone calls from as far away as Utah from someone who said they were coming to California to make a "  citizen 's arrest " because he was "  illegal . " They never showed up , he said . Ramirez moved with his parents from Mexico when he was 3 . He has little memory of living anywhere other than Tulare , California , located about 45 miles outside Fresno . "  I wanted to go to the military , but then I started asking questions and found out I was n't a citizen . And then I found out I was undocumented , " Ramirez told CNN in November . "  I knew I was born in Mexico , but I was under the impression that we fixed our legal residency . So when I found out that was n't the case , I was a little taken away . " For four years , Ramirez did not reveal his undocumented status . When he started college at Fresno , he told a few friends about his illegal status and hoped they would keep his secret . That all changed in November after an anonymous tip to the Fresno State newspaper , The Collegian , leaked his undocumented status . Reaction to the news was mixed . While a small , but vocal group came out against Ramirez , Fresno State President John D. Welty emerged as one of Ramirez 's most high-profile supporters . "  I commend  him  and other AB 540 students who are following the statute as they seek higher education despite a great many difficulties that undocumented immigrants face , " Welty said in a statement to CNN . AB 540 is a California state law that allows qualified undocumented students to pay in-state tuition , instead of out-of-state tuition , at California 's public higher education institutions . "  When  his  immigration status was made public ... there was some campus controversy and it occurred at the same time when the Student Senate voted to endorse the Dream Act , " Welty said . "  My support of their efforts stems from a hope that our campus and community will remember that diverse colleges and universities better prepare students for the diverse workplace of today and tomorrow . " Welty was referring to legislation that calls for offering a path to citizenship for some illegal immigrants who entered the United States as children . In December , the Dream Act was defeated by a Republican filibuster in the Senate after winning passage in the House . Despite his support for Ramirez , Welty said the controversy and conflict surrounding the student is understandable . Still , he lauds Ramirez for "  encouraging students to strive to change laws in our nation that may be unjust . " Fellow Fresno State senior Neil O'Brien -- who describes himself an Argentinean-American citizen born to legal immigrant parents from Argentina -- became Ramirez 's most vocal critic . "  There is a process to become a citizen . There is a path . My parents emigrated here from South America . They took the path Pedro should have taken . That 's the process in place and that 's the process he should have applied to . He should n't be a special case . He should n't be granted special treatment , " O'Brien said in a phone interview with CNN . O'Brien created a website called www.TheRealPedro.com , which he uses to "  expose " Ramirez , he says on his website . "  I agree with diversity . This is nothing against diversity , " O'Brien told CNN . "  This is not about race or anti-diversity . Everybody knows this country was built by immigrants . But we are a nation of laws . The reason this country is so great is because we have laws . " In recent months , other college students have come forward as undocumented immigrants . This month , U.S. immigration officials decided that an undocumented immigrant in Georgia apprehended by authorities after driving without a license can stay in the United States for another year . Reached by phone as she rushed to class last week , Kennesaw State University student Jessica Colotl told CNN the decision was "  like a big present . " Mariano Cardoso , 23 , a Capital Community College student in Hartford , Connecticut , is also undocumented . Much like Ramirez , the Mexican college student has lived in the United States since his family entered the country illegally when he was a toddler . In late April , Connecticut 's governor and two U.S. senators announced they had won the fight against Cardoso 's deportation and that he would be allowed to stay in the United States , for now , and graduate this month with his classmates . "  I think that 's great , " Ramirez said Cardosa 's case . "  I believe that he 's a student like me . It shows that people support us . Just like the polls show ,  the U.S. would  rather have students who want to stay in the country . They want to find a path for them rather then deport them . " For Ramirez , his dream is still very much alive . He 's looking into continuing his education to get a master 's in public administration and policy . To those who criticize his still illegal status , he said , "  Until Congress decides to act , there 's no process " to become a citizen . He understands he is a divisive character , but said he 's received more support than attacks in the six months since his immigration status was released . He is scheduled to graduate on May 21 .	Pedro Ramirez is Fresno State student body president He made news in November for being president despite being an undocumented immigrant He says has been threatened numerous times since then
Plateau State , Nigeria  CNN  -- Gunmen attacked a mosque in Nigeria with automatic weapons over the weekend , killing at least 44 people , a local police official said . It 's not clear who was behind Sunday 's massacre , but the militant Islamist group Boko Haram -- which has staged attacks in the same region before -- issued a video around the same time boasting that it was gaining in strength . Details have been slow to emerge about the attack in Konduga , about 30 kilometers  almost 19 miles  southeast of Maiduguri , the capital of Nigeria 's northern Borno state . The police official in Konduga spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak to the media . Another 26 victims were brought into Maiduguri Teaching Hospital for treatment on Sunday , some in critical condition , a source at the hospital who asked not to be identified told CNN . Some villagers in Borno state have also been attacked in their own homes , accused of collaborating with government forces against Boko Haram , police sources said . Local media reported that at least 12 people were killed on Saturday night in Ngom village alone . Opinion : Nigeria 's peace ` the peace of a graveyard ' In the video released by Boko Haram , its leader Abubakar Shekau claimed that the militant group is growing stronger despite the Nigerian military 's efforts to curb its activities . "  You soldiers have claimed that you are powerful , and that you have defeated us , you say we are mad people ; but how can a mad man organize the attacks in Gamboru , in Malumfatori , slaughter people in Biu , kill in Gwoza and in Bama successfully , where soldiers fled under our heavy fire power ? " he said . "  We have killed countless soldiers and we are going to kill more . Our strength and firepower is bigger than that of Nigeria . Nigeria is no longer a big deal to us , as far as we are concerned . "  We will now comfortably confront the United States of America . " Shekau said the group would continue to kill unbelievers and "  anyone who stands against the will of Allah by opposing Sharia , " or Islamic law . Boko Haram has often targeted Christians in Nigeria but the group will also attack other Muslims when it feels they are not adhering to strict Sharia law . There have been suggestions that the group has attacked certain mosques because worshippers at that mosque have assisted government forces in tracking members of the militant group . ` Contemptible act ' The U.S. State Department named Shekau as a "  specially designated global terrorist " in June last year . This year , it offered up to $ 7 million for information leading to his arrest or conviction , under its Rewards for Justice Program . Britain and Spain each condemned the attack in Borno state and offered their condolences Tuesday to the victims and their families . "  This senseless attack has reportedly killed 44 people and left many others injured . Attacking innocent people in a place of worship is a contemptible and cowardly act , " said Mark Simmonds , UK Foreign Office Minister for Africa . "  The UK stands with the government and people of Nigeria as they seek to reduce violence in the north east of the country . " Spain 's Foreign Ministry "  called on the authorities to advance their efforts to arrest the offenders , probably part of the Boko Haram terrorist group , bring them to justice , and put an end to the activities of the group which threatens the peace and coexistence in the country . " Gunmen kill 20 students , teacher in Nigerian school shooting State of emergency Boko Haram , whose name means "  Western education is forbidden , " seeks to overthrow the Nigerian government and replace it with a regime based on Islamic law . A state of emergency has been imposed in Borno state since May 14 , including a complete communications blackout , as authorities seek to tackle the militant group . Yobe and Adamawa states , which border Borno state , were placed under a state of emergency at the same time . Declaring the state of emergency in May , Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan blamed "  terrorists " aimed at "  rebellion " who have caused "  fear among our citizens and a near breakdown of law and order in parts of the country . " He said the terrorists were mounting a "  rebellion and insurgency " that threatened Nigeria 's unity and stability , and pledged to send more troops to the three northeastern states . "  We have taken robust steps to unravel and address the root causes of these crises , but it would appear that there is a systematic effort by insurgents and terrorists to destabilize the Nigerian state and test our collective resolve , " he said in a televised speech . With an estimated 174.5 million people , Nigeria is Africa 's most populous nation . The CIA World Factbook says the nation is roughly 50 % Muslim and 40 % Christian . Violence between the mainly Muslim north and Christian south has taken at least 2,800 lives , according to Human Rights Watch . Opinion : How African innovation can take on the world Journalist Hassan John reported from Nigeria and CNN 's Nima Elbagir from Nairobi , Kenya . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Nick Thompson and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : 26 people were injured in the mosque attack in Borno state , a medical source says At least 44 people died when gunmen attacked the mosque , a police official says Villagers have also been attacked for helping the government , police sources say Boko Haram leader released a video over the weekend , boasted of the group 's strength
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Green Beret sergeant was electrocuted in Iraq in 2008 because of failures by the U.S. military and a major defense contractor , which did not properly ground and inspect electrical equipment , according to a Pentagon report out Monday . Staff Sgt. Ryan Maseth , a 24-year-old Green Beret , died in a shower at his base in Iraq in January 2008 . Nine of 18 electrocution deaths reported in Iraq were caused by "  improper grounding or faulty equipment , " including the January 2008 death of Staff Sgt. Ryan Maseth , the Defense Department 's inspector-general found . Investigations remain open in five of those cases , according to a summary of the report obtained by CNN . The new report concluded that "  multiple systems and organizations failed , " leaving Maseth "  exposed to unacceptable risk . " The decorated soldier from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , was electrocuted in a shower at a U.S. base in Baghdad that once served as one of Saddam Hussein 's palaces . The report found that a water pump installed by military contractor KBR was not grounded , leading to Maseth 's electrocution when it short-circuited . It found that Maseth 's commanders failed to ensure that renovations to the palace had been properly done , the Army did not set standards for jobs or contractors , and KBR did not ground electrical equipment it installed at the facility . The Houston , Texas-based company has defended its performance in the war zone from extensive criticism by Congress and has argued that it was not to blame for any fatalities . In a statement issued Monday afternoon , it said it had not seen the Pentagon report and would not comment . "  While the death of Staff Sgt. Maseth was tragic , KBR continues to maintain that it was not responsible for his death , " company spokeswoman Heather Browne said . "  The building in which Staff Sgt. Maseth lived was built by Iraqi and other contractors under the previous Iraqi leadership . " Brown said the building , "  like many other pre-existing buildings in Iraq , had not been grounded or bonded by the contractors who built the structure , " and she said KBR had warned the military about the hazard nine months before Maseth died . "  Prior to that incident , the military never directed KBR to repair , upgrade or improve the grounding system in the building in which Maseth resided , nor was KBR directed to perform any preventive maintenance at this facility , " Browne said . But Maseth 's mother , who has filed suit against KBR in her son 's death , said she was "  pleased " by the findings . "  The results are revealing and contrary to what KBR and its president have continuously stated over the past year , " Cheryl Harris said . "  On that note , the DOD IG report states that KBR installed the water pump that killed my son , a point that KBR has flatly denied over the past year . " Maseth 's death led to congressional hearings in 2008 and demands for a full investigation by the military , which resulted in the report out Monday . Pennsylvania Sen. Bob Casey , who pushed for the investigation , said Monday 's report should not be the end of the process . "  We can not stop with the publication of this report alone , " the Democrat said in a written statement . "  Those who failed to carry out their contractual obligations in a way that contributed to the death of a U.S. soldier should be held fully accountable for their negligence . " Another report is being prepared by the Army 's Criminal Investigation Division , Casey said . Maseth 's family and that of Christopher Everett , another soldier mentioned in the report , have sued KBR over their deaths . Everett , an Army sergeant , was electrocuted in 2005 while using a power washer at an American base outside Ramadi . Other deaths the inspector-general 's report found were caused by faulty electrical equipment or improper grounding include the death of Army Spc. Marvin Campo-Siles in April 2004 in Samarra ; Spc. Chase Whitham , May 2004 , in Mosul ; Spc. Marcus Nolasco , also May 2004 , in Baiji ; Marine Pfc. Brian Cutter , in Fallujah , the same month ; Navy Hospital Corpsman 3rd Class David Cedergren , killed in Iskandariya in September 2004 ; Sgt. Michael Montpetit , who died in Baghdad in June 2007 ; and Sohan Singh , a private contractor killed in Fallujah in July 2005 . In March , a top Army inspector said that thousands of buildings on U.S. bases in Iraq and Afghanistan have such poorly installed wiring that American troops face life-threatening risks . Jim Childs , a master electrician and the top civilian expert in an Army safety survey , said problems were "  everywhere " in Iraq , where 18 U.S. troops have died by electrocution since 2003 . The nine electrocutions not caused by faulty grounding were caused by other electrical accidents , such as contact with live power lines . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	KBR denies responsibility ; soldier 's mother "  pleased " Report looks into 2008 death of Green Beret in shower at U.S. base Inspector : Nine deaths caused by improper grounding or faulty equipment Fault placed with commanders , Army , contractor KBR
CNN  While the professional game of golf gears up for 2015 in rude health , at grassroots level the sport finds itself in the rough . With more prize money on offer for the stars than ever before -- 97 players won over $ 1 million on the PGA Tour last year -- and lucrative sponsorship deals , golf can rest safe in the knowledge that the future is bright for those competing at its top end . At the opposite end of the spectrum , however , the sport stands at a crossroads , with recent years having brought about a major slump in popularity in its traditional heartlands of the U.S. and the UK and Ireland . As golf continues to hemorrhage players , the steps it chooses to take next could prove crucial in turning its fortunes around . Some 400,000 people reportedly left the sport in the past year in the U.S. , although the National Golf Foundation  NGF  states : "  The numbers quoted do n't reconcile with NGF data and they 're not something that we reported or would report . " NGF results do show that the sport in the U.S. has lost five million players in the last decade , with 20 % of the existing 25 million golfers poised to quit in the next few years . To compound that depressing statistic , the number of newcomers to the game in the U.S. fell by 20 % last year , while according to Sport England , the amount of 16-25-year-olds playing the game regularly almost halved in England between 2009-10 and 2012-13 . Whether it is courses closing , merchandise sales falling or job losses on the rise , golf is being hit hard at grassroots level for its failure to attract new faces and keep hold of older ones . Below par But why are numbers falling and is a re-brand of sorts needed to rectify the decline ? As with any pastime or hobby , time and money are two key factors , as the game 's greatest player , Jack Nicklaus , acknowledges . "  I 'd like to play a game that can take place in three hours , I 'd quite like to play a game that I can get some reasonable gratification out of very quickly and something that is not going to cost me an arm and a leg , " Nicklaus told CNN . The 18-time major champion 's words reflect the mood of the wider public , many of whom are still struggling from the effects of the economic downturn and live in a world that offers an ever-increasing number of cheaper and less time-consuming alternatives . To put it bluntly , the traditional concept of 18-hole golf is struggling to find its place in modern day lives . Meanwhile , as would-be golfers continue to turn elsewhere to get their fix , the younger generation -- the very future of the sport -- have more distractions than ever in a world where technology holds sway . "  It 's Twitter , cell phones , video games -- these are the activities that kids are involved in , " former player-turned-commentator Brandel Chamblee tells CNN . "  Mum and dad are working , and kids are playing video games . That does n't leave a whole load of time or people to populate these golf courses . " And its due to problems like these that , in 2014 , more courses closed than opened in the U.S. for the eighth straight year . Head in the sand ? For all its problems , though , golf can no longer be accused of complacency and being stuck in its ways -- it is , at least , sitting up and taking notice . Ben Sharpe , CEO of golf equipment manufacturer , TaylorMade is keen to tackle the problem head on . "  As an industry we ca n't put our head into the sand , we have to evolve and continually modernize , " Sharpe told CNN . "  What we want to do is get golf clubs in people 's hands and get them hitting golf balls . " A variety of fresh ideas and innovative alternatives to the traditional game have also been formulated in recent years in an attempt to reinvigorate the sport . Step out onto a golf course today and you could well see 15-inch holes instead of their smaller ancestors -- you would not be dreaming were you to come across golfers kicking a football around rather than hitting a golf ball with a club . "  A lot of people are getting involved and loving FootGolf , " president of the Federation for International FootGolf , Mike O'Connor , told CNN in April . "  It catches such a large demographic because it 's such a low skill level to be able to play . You 've just got to be able to kick a ball . " For FootGolf , also read the likes of Speedgolf and Golf Xtreme , while Hack Golf , an initiative aimed at crowdsourcing ideas to improve the game , is another example of how the sport is thinking outside the box . But perhaps more important than such alternatives which , let it be said , are starting to have some impact , golf is beginning to understand it needs to redefine the way it has traditionally approached getting people to play the game . Many potential players can be put off before they have even picked up a club by the length of time it takes to make their way around a course . Yet those that run golf are keen to get across the message that the 18-hole game is only one side to a multifaceted sport . "  What it means to play golf does n't just need to be measured on how many rounds you 've played , " PGA CEO Pete Bevacqua told CNN . "  Did you have a golf lesson ? Did you go to hit practice shots at a practice range ? Did you play three holes with your wife , your spouse or your children ? These are all golf experiences . "  Playing 18 holes with three friends on a beautiful golf course is the ultimate , but you ca n't always do that . And we 'd rather see people just have a golf experience to get into the game . And once you get interested , the magic , the charm of the game , will keep you interested . " A ` smarter ' approach It is this type of change in attitude that was behind the PGA 's decision to shift the focus for its Junior League Golf program to that of the enjoyment of recreation and playing with others , rather than an obsession with all-out competition . "  Golf is getting smarter and they 're looking at the interests of kids and no longer assuming that golf can attract these kids with its traditional interests and traditional allurements , " Chamblee says . Golf 's world No. 1 Rory McIlroy is in agreement , having called for a faster version of the game that will appeal to kids earlier this month . Given his global status , McIlroy is in the perfect position to have a positive influence on future generations of players -- something he is more than aware of having taken on an ambassador role with PGA Junior League Golf . "  You 've seen how iconic players in the game have affected people and some people transcend the game of golf which is really what we need , " TaylorMade 's Sharpe says . "  We had a good spell with Tiger Woods during the 1990s and 2000s and Rory is positioned to be another person who can do that . " With McIlroy taking his game to the next level in 2014 -- winning his third and fourth majors at the age of just 25 -- golf looks set to profit in 2015 as the Northern Irishman attempts to consolidate his spot as the sport 's primary superstar . Such dominance can only be of good for the grassroots game , and those tasked with increasing its popularity are confident enough in the work being done that they are refusing to hit the panic button just yet . "  We 're realistic -- there 's challenges , there 's troubles , like there have always been , " Bevacqua says . "  They 're different , but golf 's resilient and will get through this if we 're smart , and I think the industry is smart . " Sharpe also remains optimistic about golf 's fortunes in the coming years , pointing to the growth of the game globally . "  There is still a very high participation around the world and it is growing in parts of the world , " Sharpe says . "  So I think we should be quietly confident that golf is going to be in a good spot going forward . "	Golf suffering a decline in popularity in its traditional heartlands of the U.S. and UK 400,000 left the sport over past year in U.S. , according to the NGF New ideas and initiatives introduced to change its fortunes "  We have to evolve and continually modernize , " TaylorMade CEO says
CNN  -- Merrill Newman -- the 85-year-old American detained by North Korean authorities earlier this fall -- returned Saturday to the United States , arriving at San Francisco International Airport . "  It 's been a great homecoming , " said Newman , who was wearing a blue sport coat and khakis . He thanked the U.S. and Swedish diplomats who had helped secure his release , then told reporters , "  I 'm tired ... ready to be with my family now . Thank you all for the support we got , very much appreciated . " With that , accompanied by his wife , Lee , and son , Jeff , he walked off . Hours earlier , in the airport in Beijing , video showed him smiling as he walked past a cavalcade of reporters . He felt good , he said , and was looking forward to seeing his wife "  I 'm very glad to be on my way home , " Newman said . "  And I appreciate the tolerance the DPRK government has given to me to be on my way . " The communist country "  deported " the veteran of the Korean War , North Korea 's state news agency KCNA reported early Saturday . The move coincided with a visit by U.S. Vice President Joe Biden to South Korea , where he laid a wreath in honor of those who died in the war that pitted North against South . A senior administration official said that Newman 's release was the result of direct contact between Washington and Pyongyang . The official said the North Koreans had told the Obama administration in a telephone call that they were releasing Newman ; no explanation was offered . In Palo Alto , California , Newman 's neighbors tied yellow ribbons around objects to welcome him back . "  We are absolutely delighted to confirm that Merrill Newman is on his way home after being released by the DPRK , " said Jeff Newman , Merrill 's son . "  This has been a very difficult ordeal for us as a family and particularly for him , " said his son . The KCNA report stated that investigators had determined that "  Newman entered the DPRK with a wrong understanding of it and perpetrated a hostile act against it . " "  Taking into consideration his admittance of the act committed by him on the basis of his wrong understanding  and the  apology made by him for it , his sincere repentance of it and his advanced age and health condition , the above-said institution deported him from the country from a humanitarian viewpoint , " the official North Korean report said . Focus now on Kenneth Bae Jeff Newman also called for the release of Kenneth Bae , another American being held in North Korea . The State Department repeated its call for the DPRK to pardon Bae and release him , too . The senior administration official said the United States is now paying full-time attention to securing Bae 's release . Bae 's family said it was pleased to learn of Newman 's release . "  We have been praying for him and are very happy that his family will have him at the head of their table for the holidays . We believe that our Kenneth should also come home soon . We are thankful for all who are advocating on Kenneth 's behalf and for any ongoing dialogue with the DPRK government . We have faith in our government to bring Kenneth home , and we dearly wish that we will also have joyful holidays with Kenneth , " the family said in a statement . Biden told reporters in South Korea that he had "  played no direct role " in the release . He added that his office had offered to let Newman fly home with him on Air Force Two , but State Department officials said he 'd take a direct commercial flight to San Francisco . "  It 's a positive thing they 've done , " said the vice president , who spoke Saturday morning by phone with Newman . "  But they still have Mr. Bae , who has no reason being held in the North  and  should be released immediately . " "  While the release of Merrill Newman is welcome news indeed , he never should have been detained in the first place , " said former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson , who has undertaken private diplomatic efforts with North Korea . "  The North Koreans should also release Kenneth Bae as a humanitarian gesture . " U.S. ` deeply concerned ' about citizens held in North Korea Old resentments Newman had traveled in October as a tourist to North Korea on a 10-day organized private tour of North Korea . Phone calls and postcards he sent indicated that the trip was going well and gave no indication of a problem , Jeff Newman said . The day before Newman was to leave , "  one or two Korean authorities " met with him and his tour guide , the son added . They talked about Newman 's service record , which left "  my dad ... a bit bothered , " he said . Then , just minutes before his Beijing-bound plane was set to depart Pyongyang in late October , Newman was taken off the aircraft by North Korean authorities . For weeks , the Pyongyang government offered no explanation as to why they were holding Newman . An explanation came a few days ago , when state media published and broadcast what they described as the Korean War veteran 's "  apology . " The word was written atop the first of four handwritten pages detailing his alleged indiscretions . In the note -- which was dated November 9 -- Newman talked about his having advised the Kuwol Unit , part of the "  intelligence bureau " fighting against Pyongyang during the Korean War . He detailed how he commanded troops to collect "  information " and wage deadly attacks . "  After I killed so many civilians and  North Korean  soldiers and destroyed strategic objects in the DPRK during the Korean War , I committed indelible offensive acts against the DPRK government and Korean people , " Newman said , according to that KCNA report . The reported message also touched on his return 60 years later to North Korea , saying that he "  shamelessly ... had a plan to meet any surviving soldiers and pray for the souls of the dead soldiers . " His statement ended : "  If I go back to  the  USA , I will tell the true features of the DPRK and the life the Korean people are leading . " Photos show scale of North Korea 's repressive prison camps "  Hostile acts " This public apology was "  highly scripted political theater , " said University of California , Berkeley , professor Steve Weber . Some feared Newman could face harsh treatment . Bae was arrested in November 2012 and sentenced last May to 15 years of hard labor after North Korea 's government found him guilty of "  hostile acts " and attempts to topple the government . Pyongyang is regarded by many as one of the world 's most repressive states , with its insularity , system of cruel detention camps for political prisoners and sharp restrictions on speech and other freedoms . Its isolation is exacerbated by widespread concern over its nuclear program . The East Asian nation 's reported quest to create a nuclear weapon , as well as its resistance to international monitoring of its activities , have resulted in economic sanctions , compounding its difficulties in getting enough energy and food for its people . Merrill 's release may serve to relax tensions with the United States . But above all , it will please his wife , who last month told CNN , "  We need to have Merrill back at the head of the table for the holidays . " Other detained Americans CNN 's Tom Watkins , Jill Dougherty , Elise Labott and Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's been a great homecoming , " Merrill Newman says upon arrival in San Francisco Video shows Newman smiling as he walks through Beijing 's airport The 85-year-old was detained in North Korea in October , issued a public apology State news reports Newman was released for "  humanitarian " reasons
CNN  -- A Seattle man has been charged with insurance fraud for allegedly sinking his own yacht because of "  financial pressure and frustration with the maintenance " of the vessel , authorities said . The Jubilee sank in Puget Sound Bay last year . On March 22 , 2008 , Brian Lewis , 50 , scuttled the Jubilee in the Puget Sound Bay , then rowed a borrowed dinghy back to shore , according to court documents filed in February by prosecutors in King County , Washington . Later that day , Lewis boarded a flight to take him to his job in Kodiak , Alaska , as a petty officer with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , according to court documents . Three days later , Lewis filed an insurance claim with USAA Insurance reporting the Jubilee sank accidentally "  due to unknown causes . " However , due to environmental concerns , the Washington State Department of Natural Resources salvaged the vessel at a cost to the state of $ 2,866 . An inspection found a hole was drilled into the bottom of the Jubilee , and that two main engine sea strainers appeared to have been broken with a hammer . "  The vessel appeared to have been deliberately sunk , " authorities said in their probable cause affidavit . Confronted by investigators , Lewis admitted he intentionally sank his vessel , saying the financial strain "  caused him extreme anxiety and frustration . " Lewis told investigators "  the engine trouble he experienced caused him to lose his temper . In his rage , he smashed the sea strainers with a hammer and drilled the hole to sink the vessel , " the affidavit said . " -LSB- He -RSB- wanted to clarify that his motive for sinking the vessel was anger and frustration , not greed , " it added . Prior to its sinking , the Jubilee had been listed for sale with Mahina Yachts for $ 28,500 . Jack Bateman , a broker with Mahina , remembers the Jubilee as a "  beautiful " 1967 Chris Craft Cavalier . He said the Mahina has only seen this type of case one other time in its 30 years of operation . "  This is a very rare , not common occurrence " he says . Bateman added that Mahina has yet to see any real distress sales due to the bad economy . The King County Prosecutor 's Office has charged Lewis with making a fraudulent insurance claim . Lewis filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in 2004 . Messages left for him were not returned .	Insurance fraud charges were filed against Seattle man accused of scuttling yacht Brian Lewis filed claim saying Jubilee sank "  due to unknown causes " Inspection found hole was drilled into bottom of vessel Lewis filed told authorities he sank yacht out of anger and frustration
CNN  -- Kenya 's Dennis Kimetto became the first man to run the marathon in under two hours three minutes as he set a new world record in Berlin Sunday . The 30-year-old Kimetto trimmed 26 seconds off the previous best by compatriot Wilson Kipsang , set last year in Berlin , with a time of two hours two minutes 57 seconds . Kimetto , who is from the Rift Valley region , the traditional breeding ground for many distance running greats , battled fellow Kenyan Emmanuel Mutai in the closing stages , eventually shrugging him off with four kilometers remaining . Mutai finished second , his time of two hours three minutes 13 seconds also inside the old record . But to pre-race favorite Kimetto went the glory and he realized early in the race that the record was within his grasp . "  As the race went on , I saw I could do it , I 'm delighted to have won , " Kimetto told reporters after his victory . He is among a group of young Kenyans who are dominating the road race scene , pushing the record ever nearer the magical two hour mark . Kimetto 's previous best was a course record two hours three minutes 45 seconds , set in winning the 2013 Chicago Marathon , again relegating Mutai to second place . In the women 's race , Tirfi Tsegaye of Ethiopia took the victory with a fast winning time of two hours 20 minutes 18 seconds , nine seconds ahead of compatriot Feyse Tadese . Shalane Flanagan of the United States was third in a personal best of two hours 21 minutes 14 seconds .	Dennis Kimetto breaks world marathon record in Berlin Kenyan Kimetto first man to break two hours three minute barrier Breaks previous record by Wilson Kipsang also set in Berlin Tirfi Tsegaye of Ethiopia wins women 's race
CNN  -- Actor Zachary Quinto , known for playing Spock in the 2009 "  Star Trek " remake and his role as Sylar on the television show "  Heroes , " acknowledged his homosexuality in a post on his website Sunday , saying the action comes after the suicide of a 14-year-old who killed himself after apparently being harassed over his sexuality . "  When I found out that Jamey Rodemeyer killed himself -- I felt deeply troubled , " Quinto posted . "  But when I found out that Jamey Rodemeyer had made an ` It Gets Better ' video only months before taking his own life -- I felt indescribable despair . "  I also made an ` It Gets Better ' video last year in the wake of the senseless and tragic gay teen suicides that were sweeping the nation at the time , " Quinto wrote . "  But in light of Jamey 's death , it became clear to me in an instant that living a gay life without publicly acknowledging it is simply not enough to make any significant contribution to the immense work that lies ahead on the road to complete equality . " Rodemeyer was found dead September 18 outside his parents ' home in Buffalo , New York . His parents said he had experienced years of bullying over his sexual orientation . His suicide has attracted the attention of such stars as Lady Gaga , who dedicated a song to him at a recent concert . The "  It Gets Better " campaign is aimed at gay , lesbian , bisexual or transgendered youth who may experience bullying . "  Our society needs to recognize the unstoppable momentum toward unequivocal civil equality for every gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgendered citizen of this country , " Quinto said . "  Gay kids need to stop killing themselves because they are made to feel worthless by cruel and relentless bullying . Parents need to teach their children principles of respect and acceptance . We are witnessing an enormous shift of collective consciousness throughout the world . I believe in the power of intention to change the landscape of our society -- and it is my intention to live an authentic life of compassion and integrity and action . " Rodemeyer 's life has changed his , the 34-year-old Quinto wrote . "  While his death only makes me wish that I had done this sooner , I am eternally grateful to him for being the catalyst for change within me . Now I can only hope to serve as the same catalyst for even one person in this world . That -- I believe -- is all that we can ask of ourselves and of each other . "	Jamey Rodemeyer 's suicide served as his "  catalyst , " Spock actor writes on blog Rodemeyer killed himself last month after apparent bullying Parents must teach respect and acceptance , Quinto writes
CNN  -- Pauline Phillips , better known to millions of newspaper readers as the original Dear Abby advice columnist , has died after a long battle with Alzheimer 's Disease , her family said Thursday . She died Wednesday in Minneapolis , Minnesota , at age 94 . Phillips ' columns were published in an era when newspaper readers began to prize straight-talking , pithy advice about marriages , children , jobs -- just about anything that troubled people . Phillips wrote under the pen name of Abigail Van Buren , shortened to "  Dear Abby " in newspapers . "  Abigail " was taken from the wise woman in the Old Testament and "  Van Buren " was one of her favorite presidents . The first Dear Abby column appeared in 1956 , and Phillips solely wrote the advice feature until 2000 , when she and daughter Jeanne began sharing the byline . Jeanne Phillips took the column over full time in August 2002 , when the family announced that Pauline Phillips had Alzheimer 's . "  I have lost my mother , my mentor and my best friend , " Jeanne Phillips said in a statement . "  My mother leaves very big high heels to fill with a legacy of compassion , commitment and positive social change . I will honor her memory every day by continuing this legacy . " Pauline Phillips strove to say more with less . Her direct style was captured in her favorite Swedish toast , according to the column 's syndication service : "  Fear less ; hope more . Eat less ; chew more . Talk less ; say more . Hate less ; love more . " What was your favorite Dear Abby advice ? Before the digital era of journalism introduced such notions as "  crowd sourcing " of the public and computerized metrics on readership , Phillips assembled her Q&A columns from queries mailed in from readers . She was able to quantify her following by the number of newspapers who bought her columns -- and by how many readers spent money on a stamp to mail her a letter . "  Dear Abby " is the world 's most widely syndicated column , having appeared in 1,400 newspapers with a daily readership of more than 110 million , the syndication service Universal Uclick said . In another example of her following , Phillips held a survey in 1987 asking readers to send a postcard or note -- anonymously if they wanted -- about whether they cheated on their mates . Almost 250,000 people responded within three months . Her twin sister was also a famous advice columnist . Esther "  Eppie " Pauline Friedman Lederer , who died at age 83 in 2002 of multiple myeloma , was the author of the newspaper column "  Ann Landers . " Phillips , who was born July 4 , 1918 , in Sioux City , Iowa , ventured into journalism in 1955 at age 37 . She called the editor of the San Francisco Chronicle and told him she could write a better advice column than what the paper had . Phillips was surprised when the editor agreed to interview her . She described herself as "  an average , middle-aged housewife who had been happily married to the same man for 17 years and had reared two ` reasonably normal ' teenagers , " according to a statement by the syndicate . She had never written professionally , though she studied journalism in college . But she asserted she could write an advice column "  because all of her life she had been an amateur ` wailing wall without portfolio , ' " the syndicate said . Dear Abby : Kyra Phillips remembers her mentor Editor Stanleigh Arnold "  wanted only to get this self-styled journalist out of his office , so he asked her to write sample replies to some previously published columns . She did , and the rest , as they say , is history , " the syndicate said . The first "  Dear Abby " column appeared in the San Francisco Chronicle on Jan. 9 , 1956 , the same year it was first syndicated . Phillips advocated "  equal rights for women , minorities , people with mental illness and those who are physically challenged , " and her column "  promoted AIDS awareness and education , hospice care , the living will , organ donation and also raised awareness about gender apartheid suffered by women in Afghanistan , " the syndicate said . When asked of her greatest accomplishment , Phillips often stated : "  Surviving . " In a 1990 interview with CNN 's Larry King , Phillips explained the bottom line of dispensing advice : "  There is always an answer , even if it 's say , look , pal , you ca n't change anybody but yourself . You got to play the cards that are dealt you and you have to live with this , do the best you can . But you got to accept what fate deals you , " Phillips said . She is survived by her husband of 73 years , Mort Phillips ; daughter Jeanne Phillips ; grandchildren , Dean Phillips , Tyler Phillips , Jay Phillips , Hutton Phillips ; and two great-granddaughters , Daniela and Pia . Private services have been held . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	NEW : "  There is always an answer , even if it 's ... you ca n't change anybody but yourself , " she said Pauline Phillips was author of the Dear Abby column for decades She used the pen name Abigail Van Buren In 2002 , she was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's Disease
CNN  -- This summer 's Superman blockbuster is getting a sequel -- and it 's going to unite the Man of Steel with the Caped Crusader for the first time on the big screen . Warner Bros. . Pictures announced Saturday at Comic-Con that Superman will pair with his fellow Justice League hero Batman in the upcoming yet-to-be-named film , expected to begin production in 2014 . "  Man of Steel " director Zack Snyder will direct the film , and current Superman Henry Cavill will star , Warner Bros. said . The new Batman has yet to be cast . Snyder 's reimagining of Superman in "  Man of Steel " broke the record for the biggest June opening , taking in $ 125.1 million in its first weekend . It has since raked in a total of $ 630 million worldwide , Warner Bros. said . "  Superman and Batman together on the big screen is a dream come true for DC  Comics  fans everywhere , " said Diane Nelson , president of DC Entertainment . Snyder told Comic-Con fans he 's excited to work with Cavill again and take the story to the next chapter . Metallica unveils film footage at Comic-Con "  It 's beyond mythological to have Superman and our new Batman facing off , since they are the greatest superheroes in the world , " he said . Snyder strongly hinted that the heroes will be rivals in the movie . CNN partner Entertainment Weekly reported that "  Man of Steel " actor Harry Lennix took the stage with Snyder and read a line from Frank Miller 's 1986 book , "  The Dark Knight Returns , " in which Batman wages battle with the man from Krypton . "  I want you to remember , Clark . In all the years to come . In all your most private moments . I want you to remember my hand at your throat . I want you to remember the one man who beat you , " Lennix read from the book . Amy Adams , Laurence Fishburne and Diane Lane also return for the new film , Warner Bros. said . Another serving of "  Kick-Ass " Christian Bale , who starred as Batman in three film installments of "  The Dark Knight , " told Entertainment Weekly this month that he would n't be starring in a fourth . "  Dark Knight " director Christopher Nolan also said he was n't opting for a fourth movie in the franchise , the magazine said . Nolan will , however , have a hand in the upcoming Superman-Batman film -- he 's serving as one of the executive producers , Warner Bros. said . Warner Bros. and DC Comics , the publisher of "  Superman " titles , are both units of Time Warner , CNN 's parent company . CNN 's Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	NEW : Snyder hints that Batman and Superman will play rivals in the new movie Warner Bros. announces the pairing at Comic-Con in San Diego "  Man of Steel " director Zack Snyder will direct the film Current Superman Henry Cavill will star , but Batman Christian Bale will not
CNN  -- Iranian student Puyan Mahmudian scored the sixth highest marks in his year group in his entrance exam , but was rejected for a Masters degree in chemical engineering at Amirkabir University in Tehran . The problem was not his academic record , but his political background , according to human rights groups , which note that Mahmudian had previously been jailed for being editor of a student magazine that was critical of the government . Mahmudian , now 25 , believes he is one of hundreds of so-called "  starred students , " whom campaigners claim are denied access to university or expelled because of their religious or political beliefs . A report called "  Punishing Stars " by the non-governmental organization International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran names 217 students who it says have been deprived of education because of their religion or political activism in the last five years . It says the real number is much higher as many did not want to be named . Many of those listed are members of the Baha'i Faith , the largest religious minority in Iran , with around 300,000 members , according to the official website of the faith in the United States . It says Baha'is have been persecuted in Iran since the faith started there in the mid-19th century . The conservative clergy considers followers of the Baha'i faith to be part of a wayward sect and apostates . Other "  starred students " are human rights activists , supporters of women 's rights , members of the political opposition and student journalists , campaigners claim . Now , a grassroots campaign , which began in Germany and has spread to other countries around the world , is drawing attention to alleged denial of education in Iran . The campaign , called "  Can You Solve This ? " publicizes a QR code which , when scanned by smart phones , directs people to a website with an animated video . The QR code has been printed on flyers , banners , pavements and t-shirts in coffee shops , streets and university campuses . In Germany , the QR code was used without any other information to build up mystery around the campaign . Ruha Reyani , a second generation Iranian living in Germany and one of the architects of the campaign , said : "  We are at the start of the university year and there 's a big push from the Iranian government to use denial of education as a tool of persecution . "  We want people to come to take action by sending letters to their political leaders . " Events to support the campaign have already been held in Germany , the United Kingdom , Brazil , India and the Netherlands , and are planned for Canada , the United States , France , Italy and other countries . Esra'a Al Shafei , founder of Mideast Youth , one of the organizations supporting the campaign , said : "  It 's a creative and dynamic campaign that appeals to young people everywhere . The video has had more than 70,000 views and more than 5,000 letters have been sent through the website . " Mahmudian , now living in Germany , was arrested and jailed in 2007 while editor of a student magazine at Amirkabir University of Technology in Tehran . In a case highlighted at the time by Human Rights Watch , Amnesty International and the Committee to Protect Journalists , Mahmudian and seven other students were arrested , accused of defaming Islam in their publications . Mahmudian said the members of the information ministry had circulated forged editions of their publications containing offensive articles . Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch , said in a press release at the time : "  The Iranian authorities are using the flimsiest of pretexts to arrests student journalists and activists . "  Even the Judiciary has admitted that these students had nothing to do with the forged publications . " Mahmudian said : "  I spent more than 50 days in solitary confinement . They used physical and mental torture . I went on hunger strike for 11 days to be allowed to make one phone call to my mother to tell her I was okay . "  After 80 days of extreme pressure they got a videotaped confession from us inside prison . We apologized to the president and were released and allowed to go back to university . " It was after his undergraduate studies finished and he applied to do his Masters that the incident caused him more trouble . He said he was called in to the information ministry for three interrogation sessions . "  They asked me to sign a guarantee that I would n't continue any political , social and cultural activities and that I would cooperate with the information ministry , " he said . "  I accepted to end my political activities but refused to collaborate with them , " he said . Mahmudian was told he had not passed the "  general " qualification for the Masters course . He tried to make a legal appeal against the decision but was told there were no avenues . He later moved to Berlin , Germany , to do his masters degree and has no immediate plans to return to Iran . Repeated efforts to reach Iranian officials for comment were unsuccessful . Messages left with the Iranian consulate in London were not returned . The report "  Punishing Stars " released in December last year claims that the Ministry of Intelligence has used a system of three stars as a method of discrimination against students since Mahmoud Ahmadinejad became president in 2005 . It said that in 2007 , in response to pressure from starred students and the media , the government announced that it would no longer use the star system . However , the report claims , the discrimination has continued as a de facto policy .	Report : Hundreds of Iranian students rejected from university for political or religious beliefs "  Can You Solve This ? " campaign using QR code and video raises awareness Puyan Mahmudian one of so-called "  starred students " for editing student magazine
CNN  -- "  These types of patients have such disfigurement beforehand they ca n't eat , they ca n't breathe properly . It 's about functionality , " says Dr. Richard Luskin , CEO of the New England Organ Bank . Luskin is referring to the small group of people worldwide who are on waiting lists in hope of a new face , and in the United States at least , they may now have one donated to them more readily . Last month the United Network of Organ Sharing  UNOS  , a non-profit organization managing the U.S. organ transplant system , approved the first national policies for the transplantation of limbs , faces and other structures collectively known as "  vascularized composite allografts "  VCAs  -- which should make it easier to find donors . As of April 2014 , there had been 28 face transplants across the world . Animal attacks , severe burns and gunshot wounds had left these recipients scarred for life , literally , in the one place their scars can not be hidden -- their face . "  Anyone with this disfigurement would argue they 're not living , they 're surviving , " says Luskin . Face transplant recipients : New findings A growing field The first face transplant was performed in France in 2005 on Isabelle Dinoire , whose mouth , nose and chin had been chewed away by her dog . Since then the field has grown and transplants involving varying combinations of facial parts have been performed in six other countries , including the United States . As the procedures improve and their safety grows , donor registries and collaborating hospitals will increasingly be asking the question : Would you like to donate your face ? Or in the case of the UNOS approval , asking family members of potential donors the sensitive question of whether they will donate the face of their loved one . The UNOS approval will initially be in place temporarily for 15 months to enable public comment , but families of donors will receive extra guidance when it comes to making the decision . "  Face transplants remain unique and require very specific criteria such as hairlines and ethnic components , " explains a UNOS spokesperson . "  Therefore consent should be distinct and individual . " "  This  will broaden the donor pool for wait-listed patients across a number of regional and national organ procurement organizations , " explains Dr. Eduardo Rodriguez , professor of reconstructive plastic surgery at NYU Langone Medical Center . "  A major component for a successful procedure is patient selection on both the recipient and donor , " he adds . "  The likeliness of a perfect match can be very challenging . " But this once-experimental procedure is becoming more widespread and accepted . Richard Norris , from Virginia , received a new face in March 2012 and last month his face was featured on the cover of the U.S. edition of men 's magazine GQ . Norris lost most of his facial features after a gun blast , and lost abilities such as his sense of smell . But after surgery at the hands of Rodriguez and his team he can live his life once again . Face transplant patients : Where are they now ? Risk of rejection However , as this mode of surgery becomes a norm , the side effects and risks that come with the life-changing operation are still a concern and a question of ethics . Like any other transplant , there is a risk of the new organ being rejected by the patient 's immune system and recipients have to take immunosuppressive drugs for the rest of their lives , putting them at risk of infections and cancer . But unlike many other transplants , replacing a face is not a matter of life and death . The surgery is classed by some as life-changing , not life-saving , which raises questions as to whether this risk is justified . "  For heart transplant patients they need a transplant or they will die . These  face transplant  patients are not in organ failure but are having to take anti-rejection medication and have lifelong repression , " explains Dr. Maria Siemionow , from the University of Illinois , who performed a near-total face transplant in 2008 on American Connie Culp , who was shot in the face by her husband . But Siemionow is working to solve this problem . "  We need new therapies which will be less harmful , " she says . The Polish surgeon is developing chimeric cells , which bring together the cells from a donor and the recipient during transplantation . "  We are fusing together cells from the bone marrow of donors and recipients so these cells will be recognized by the recipient 's immune systems as their own , " she explains . Not an easy task . By combining the two cells and delivering them into patients receiving a transplant , their immune system will learn to recognize the donor 's cells , which are present throughout their new face , making their immune cells less likely to attack the face . "  If the  immune system  can recognize more cells as ` self ' the patient will need less anti-rejection drugs , " says Siemionow , whose experimental therapy is hoped to enter clinical trials in a few years and when it does , may make face transplants more acceptable to critics . "  Immunosupression is the main ethical concern and new therapies are crucial for the future of this field , " she says . Luskin feels the benefits of a new face counter ethical doubts . "  There is no ethical issue , " he concludes . "  I saw a patient walking down a crowded hospital hall a few years after surgery and no-one noticed them . He looked like a normal guy . To me , that 's the point of these surgeries . "	The first face transplant was performed in France in 2005 U.S. has approved policies that will make it easier to find donors Scientists are developing techniques that will reduce risk of transplant rejection
CNN  -- Holders Brazil needed a last-gasp equalizer from Fred to salvage a 2-2 draw against Paraguay in their Copa America Group B match Saturday in Cordoba . It was another lackluster performance from the five-time world champions after being held to a goalless draw by Venezuela in the opening match of their title defense . They took a first half lead through Jadson , but trailed 2-1 with only a minute left when substitute Fred spared their blushes . Jadson replaced Robinho in the starting line up as Brazil coach Mano Menezes rung the changes after the disappointing performance against Venezuela . The Shakhtar Donetsk midfielder repaid that confidence with a fine strike six minutes before halftime in the Mario Kempes stadium . But Paraguay , themselves held by Ecuador in their opener , leveled 11 minutes into the second half through Blackburn striker Roque Santa Cruz . Paraguay then took a shock lead with Dani Alvez losing the ball to Santa Cruz , who found Haedo Valdez . He scored with a deflected shot and a real upset looked on the cards . But Menezes replaced Neymar with Fred and he struck at the death to grab a point for the favorites . The start of the 12-team tournament has been marked by sub-par displays from hosts Argentina and Brazil , with both still looking for a victory after two games apiece . The top two teams from each of three groups of four qualify for the quarterfinals with the two third-placed teams with the best record . Venezuela beat Ecuador 1-0 in the Group B match Saturday night .	Holders Brazil held 2-2 by Paraguay in Copa America Group B match Brazil need 89th minute equalizer from Fred to salvage a point Both Brazil and Argentina still to win in Copa after two games apiece
CNN  -- For palaeontologists , the Middle East has long proven a bit of a blind spot . Evidence of dinosaurs has proven scarce , and what little surfaces from time to time have been traditionally difficult to itemize . That changed recently when an international team of scientists uncovered the first evidence of dinosaurs in Saudi Arabia near the coast of the Red Sea . The findings were published last month in the scientific journal PLOS ONE . "  To say that finds  in the Arabian Peninsula  are rare is an understatement . What 's been discovered , you could almost fit inside a shoebox , " notes Dr. Benjamin Kear , a palaeontologist at Uppsala University in Sweden , and the study 's lead author . "  The problem in the past is that what 's been found are just bone fragments , and you can say they 're dinosaur , and vaguely what kind , but we 've been unable to reconstruct and assemble them . This is therefore the first time that we can confidently identify an Arabian dinosaur fossil with any degree of accuracy , " he says . Kear and his team uncovered 72-million-year-old fossils . The first was of a series of vertebrae from the tail of a "  Brontosaurus-like " sauropod called a titanosaur , the second , a few teeth from a theropod . The latter belonged to an abelisaurid -- a bipedal carnivorous dinosaur some 20 feet long . Read more : Unearthing tomb of Egypt 's beer-maker to the gods Kear , who has excavated in the region before , says he was following up a lead on potential dinosaur fossils found by oil geologists who stumbled upon an outcrop . "  They had found an accumulation of fossils that mostly were n't from dinosaurs , but rather giant marine reptiles , " he says . As it happens , much of the Arabian Peninsula was underwater when dinosaurs roamed the Earth , and those rare remains that were discovered were washed downstream and out to sea by rivers , probably during a flash flood long ago in the Late Cretaceous period . "  We systematically worked this area over the last few years in the hope that a dinosaur would turn up . It was a matter of time to be honest ; dinosaurs do often turn up in marine rocks washed out to sea , " he says . "  There are a handful of blank spots on the dinosaur map , and the Arabian Peninsula is among the very biggest blank spots , " notes Dr. Anne Schulp , a palaeontologist and researcher at the Naturalis Biodiversity Center in the Netherlands . In 2008 , Schulp led a team that unearthed the first dinosaur tracks found in the region near Sana'a , Yemen . "  Even the tiniest scrap of bone is something to get excited about , " he says . "  The picture is slowly filling in , but it 's a very large area and there remains much more to be discovered . " Louis Jacobs , a vertebrate palaeontologist and professor at Southern Methodist University , explains that the discovery could also help find much sought-after answers about the history of the Earth and its land formations . Jacobs explains that when the fossils were first buried , Saudi Arabia was part of Gondwana -- the subcontinent that made up the southern half of Pangaea , and included parts of modern-day Africa . Read more : How not to do a desert expedition "  India started out much further south , and through time it moved north and slammed into Asia , creating the Himalayas . But it passed by the Arabian Peninsula about the time that dinosaurs lived , " explains Jacobs . "  Part of the interest in dinosaurs from Arabia is to get at that relationship between Gondwana and India during that time . " Several factors explain the scarcity of dinosaur-related material in the Arabian Peninsula . One issue is that the richest sites are n't always the most accessible . Fragments have previously been found in Syria  currently a no-go zone  and Yemen , which discourages certain travelers . Meanwhile , visitors to Saudi Arabia need a sanctioned invite . Kear notes that in Saudi Arabia part of the problem is that the most prevalent types of rocks are n't the right types for capturing millennia-old land-based animals . He also notes that until recently , the country suffered from a lack of interest in this type of research . "  Let 's say the geological view has been skewed in the past towards oil exploration , " he says . Still , he says , paleontological research is gaining more traction , as evidenced by the government-run Saudi Geological Survey recently adding a palaeontology division . "  For the first time , you can see the work is going somewhere , and leading to a lasting legacy . In the future , we can expect to see Saudi dinosaur displays and museums so people inside the country can understand the riches they possess . "	An international team of scientists discovered the first evidence of dinosaurs in Saudi Arabia Among the fossilized findings were the teeth of a carnivorous abelisaurid -- a 20-foot tall bipedal dinosaur Scientists also uncovered the fossilized vertebrae from the tail of a "  Brontosaurus-like " sauropod called a titanosaur Experts say the new evidence could reveal more about the how the Earth was formed
Cairo  CNN  -- Violence marked the beginning of a two-day referendum as Egyptians went to the polls Tuesday for the second time in 13 months to reshape their country 's future . In all , 11 people died Tuesday in events relating to the referendum , Ahmed El Ansary , head of the emergency unit at the ministry of health , told CNN . Two died of natural causes , while nine deaths "  are suspected to be criminal , " he said . Clashes were reported in several provinces . At least four were killed in Sohag and one in Beni Seouif in clashes between supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood and security . Violations reported by rights groups monitoring the vote ranged between campaigning for "  yes " votes inside or near polling stations and preventing Christian voters from reaching polling stations in parts of Upper Egypt , which has a history of sectarian strife and is known for the strong presence of Islamist groups . But Hisham Mukhtar , the executive director of the Higher Education Commission , told state-run Masriya TV , "  so far , there have n't been any reports of fraudulent activities and the referendum is being conducted in a very calm and fair atmosphere . " On Monday , Mukhtar told Al-Ahram that the nearly 53 million eligible voters were divided among more than 30,000 committees and would be supervised by more than 13,000 judges . The violence began even before polls opened at 9 a.m. , when a bomb exploded near a Cairo courthouse . No one was hurt , security officials said . Despite the explosion , Egyptians waited in long lines to cast their ballots . "  This will not scare us , " said Mohamed Moharram , a teacher who lives near the court . "  In half an hour , I will go to my poll station and cast my ballot . " Opinion : Egypt mess ? Blame U.S. Marred by violence Tuesday 's deaths were but the latest twist in three years of political upheaval marked by two presidential departures and hundreds of deaths . Tuesday 's referendum -- the first national vote since the ouster of the democratically elected President Mohamed Morsy -- is about changing the constitution to ban religious parties and give more power to the military . If the draft is passed , elections should follow . A deep political divide is evident between supporters of the interim military government and defenders of Morsy . Protesters near the Cairo court held aloft a poster of Egyptian army chief Gen. Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and chanted , "  People want the execution of the Muslim Brotherhood " and the "  army and people are one hand . " In an incident outside a Cairo school being used as a polling station , CNN witnessed three uniformed soldiers dragging a man into the school yard . The man was followed by about six people pointing fingers at him and accusing him of being a member of the Muslim Brotherhood . One of the soldiers slapped the man twice in the face , then struck him in his back . As the man cowered , several police officers arrived and dragged the man toward a corner , where they set upon him . As soon as CNN Correspondent Reza Sayah began to record cell phone video of the incident , several of the civilians attempted to block his view , and one of the plainclothes officers ordered him to show his identification -- his permanent press credential and his referendum credential -- and took them both . As Sayah continued to work , the soldier who had slapped the man asked to see the video -- which was nothing more than a jumble of blurred images -- then asked him to delete it . Because "  it was just shaky blur , " Sayah said , he complied . After about an hour , the plainclothes policeman returned his credentials . One of the soldiers told CNN that they were trying to protect the man from being beaten by police . Another journalist told CNN he had asked the man if that was true , and the man said it was not . At that point , the policeman intervened and shooed the journalist away . Constitutional changes Egyptians voted on the last constitution in December 2012 , while Morsy was still in power . But that constitution was suspended after the military deposed him in July . The latest proposal differs from the last constitution in several ways . Some say the draft constitution would mean improved human rights and freedom of expression . The new version explicitly states that women are equal to men and allows them to hold official and judicial posts , Al-Ahram said . The new articles would also give parliament the right to impeach the President in the event of a breach of the provisions of the constitution , Al-Ahram said . Other new articles would criminalize torture , discrimination and arbitrary forced displacement . Critics say the latest draft would give too much power to the military without any civilian oversight . For example , the draft gives tremendous leeway to the army to try civilians in military courts -- something many Egyptians have opposed for years . Military rule popular with Egyptians , study finds What 's behind Egypt 's turmoil Morsy 's opponents said he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values , but Morsy 's supporters say that the military has now returned to the authoritarian practices of longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak , who was deposed in a popular uprising in 2011 . Hundreds died in clashes between Egyptian security forces and Morsy supporters in the weeks that followed his ouster . Many in the Muslim Brotherhood hold el-Sisi , as the military chief , responsible for the bloodshed . In a statement issued amid the crisis , el-Sisi said , "  Egypt has room for everybody , and we are keen to save every drop of Egyptian blood . " He added , "  The Egyptian people are free to choose whoever to govern them , while the armed forces will remain the safeguard of the will of the people and of their choice . " Morsy has been in detention since July and faces charges of inciting the murders of at least three protesters outside the presidential palace in 2012 . The protests were over the constitution that Morsy shepherded into effect . CNN 's Reza Sayah reported from Cairo ; Tom Watkins , Salma Abdelaziz , Holly Yan and Saad Abedine reported from Atlanta . Sarah Sirgany , Richard Allen Greene and Laura Smith-Spark also contributed to this report .	Eleven deaths reported on election day in Egypt , 2 attributed to natural causes Egyptians are voting on a draft constitution that would ban religious parties The constitution would also put more power in the hands of the military Hundreds have died amid political turmoil in Egypt over the past three years
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- CNN takes an in-depth look at South Korea , including how the nation is working to become a brand leader on an international scale and on how the nation is recovering from the global economic recession . Included in the coverage are looks at architecture , cars , cuisine and the business climate in the East Asian nation . In addition to its "  Eye on South Korea " coverage , CNN International 's interview program "  Talk Asia " will feature Manchester United midfielder Park Ji-sung starting Wednesday and K-pop icon and actor Rain . Among the highlights of the coverage has been South Korea 's first lady offering her tips on her nation 's cuisine to CNN anchor and correspondent Kristie Lu Stout . CNN 's Kyung Lah also takes a look at hour South Korea is revamping its economy to environmental-themed businesses .	CNN 's "  Eye on South Korea " programming focuses on East Asian nation Issues covered range from business to lifestyle topics South Korean first lady provides personal look at nation 's cuisine
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama outlined his final version of a health care bill Wednesday and urged Congress to bring the plan to a conclusive vote within the next few weeks . The president said his nearly $ 1 trillion proposal is a compromise plan that combines the best ideas of both Democrats and Republicans . He asked Congress to "  finish its work " and end what has become a yearlong vitriolic legislative showdown over his top domestic priority . "  Everything there is to say about health care has been said , and just about everybody has said it , " he said . "  Now is the time to make a decision about how to finally reform health care so that it works , not just for the insurance companies , but for America 's families and America 's businesses . " He also came out in support of a controversial legislative maneuver known as reconciliation , which would allow changes to the health care bill to be passed by the Senate with only 51 votes -- a bare legislative majority . The bill "  deserves the same kind of up-or-down vote " that was used to pass President George W. Bush 's signature tax cuts and welfare reform in the 1990s , Obama said at the White House . "  At stake right now is not just our ability to solve this problem , but our ability to solve any problem , " he said . "  The American people want to know if it 's still possible for Washington to look out for their interests and their future . They are waiting for us to act . " He said he does n't "  know how this plays politically , " but knows that "  it 's right . " Top Republicans have repeatedly said Obama 's proposal amounts to a government takeover of the private health care system that will do little to control spiraling medical inflation . In recent weeks , they have reiterated their calls for the president to scrap his plan and start over . GOP leaders also fiercely oppose the use of reconciliation , saying it was never meant to be used for such a major policy change . "  I am disappointed that Democrats are moving ahead with the nuclear option , " said Michigan Rep. Dave Camp , the top Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee . "  Big social policy changes should have bipartisan support and the support of the American people . This bill has neither . But as bad as the process for moving this bill is , the policy and its impact is far worse . " Multiple Democratic sources have told CNN that the emerging consensus plan is for the House of Representatives to pass the Senate bill and send it to Obama . A package of changes that mirror the president 's plan would then be passed through both chambers under reconciliation rules . Democrats increasingly brought up the prospect of using reconciliation after losing their 60-vote , filibuster-proof Senate majority in January , when GOP Sen. Scott Brown won the Massachusetts Senate seat previously held by the late Sen. Ted Kennedy , a Democrat . Observers note , however , that it remains unclear exactly which health care provisions can be approved under reconciliation , which is reserved for legislation pertaining to the budget . If enacted , the president 's sweeping compromise plan would constitute the biggest expansion of federal health care guarantees since the enactment of Medicare and Medicaid more than four decades ago . The White House says it would extend coverage to 31 million Americans . Among other things , Obama 's plan would expand Medicare prescription drug coverage , increase federal subsidies to help people buy insurance and give the federal government new authority to block excessive rate increases by health insurance companies . It increases the threshold -- relative to the Senate bill passed in December -- under which a tax on high-end health insurance plans would kick in . The president 's proposal also includes significant reductions in Medicare spending , in part through changes in payments made under the Medicare Advantage program . It does not , however , include a government-run public health insurance option -- an idea strongly backed by liberal Democrats but fiercely opposed by Republicans and key Democratic moderates . It also eliminates a deeply unpopular provision in the Senate bill worked in by Sen. Ben Nelson , a Nebraska Democrat , that exempts that state from paying increased Medicaid expenses . Administration officials say Obama 's measure would cut the deficit by $ 100 billion over the next 10 years . They estimate the total cost of the bill to be $ 950 billion in the next decade . Obama extended a final bipartisan olive branch to GOP leaders Tuesday , saying in a letter that he is willing to consider several of their ideas in a compromise plan . Among other things , the president said he is willing to commit $ 50 million to fund state initiatives designed to reduce medical malpractice costs . He backed undercover investigations of health care providers receiving Medicare , Medicaid , and other federal programs . The president also backed Medicaid reimbursement increases to doctors in certain states , and supported language ensuring certain high-deductible health plans can be offered in the health exchange . The president said his decision to consider the GOP ideas was a result of last week 's health care summit . GOP leaders , however , have said they are unsatisfied with Obama 's concessions . "  The only thing that will be bipartisan about this proposal will be the opposition to it , " promised Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  The American people are not for this . " McConnell predicted that "  every election in America this fall will be a referendum on this issue . "	NEW : "  Now is the time to make a decision " about health care reform , president says NEW : Obama backs reconciliation , controversial tactic that requires only 51 votes But GOP says reconciliation never meant to be used for such a major policy change Top GOP leaders have reiterated calls for president to scrap his plan , start over
CNN  -- He is arguably the most well-known American general since MacArthur , and perhaps the most effective since Eisenhower . Now Gen. David Petraeus takes on what many believe will be his biggest challenge yet : reversing the momentum of the Taliban in Afghanistan and helping to stabilize the rickety regime of Afghan leader Hamid Karzai . Petraeus faced far more daunting challenges in Iraq when he assumed command there in early 2007 . Those challenges , and how they were overcome , are worth recalling as he assumes command in Afghanistan , as they may provide some indicators of the way forward there . First , Iraq was embroiled in a vicious civil war in which Shia and Sunni civilians were showing up dead on the streets of Iraq 's cities at the rate of 90 a day , some tortured in the most unspeakable manner , their heads drilled open . Iraq 's Ministry of the Interior , which was nominally in charge of the country 's security , itself had taken been taken over by Shia death squads . This was further complicated by the industrial-strength Sunni insurgency led by al Qaeda 's vicious Iraqi affiliate . It recruited fighters from around the Middle East , who were largely responsible for an epic campaign of suicide attacks that killed thousands of Iraqis . Indeed , more suicide attacks were conducted in Iraq between 2003 and 2007 than had taken place in every other country of the world combined since 1981 . The war was so violent that almost five million Iraqis -- around a fifth of the population -- fled their homes for the safety of other countries or internal exile . Relatively few of those refugees have since returned . Despite the widespread perception that Afghanistan is today going to hell in a handbasket , more than five million Afghan refugees have returned home since the fall of the Taliban . Last year some 2,400 Afghan civilians died in the war -- too many , of course , but in Iraq when Petraeus took command , 3,200 civilians were dying every month , making Iraq around 15 times more violent than Afghanistan is today , when adjusted for relative population size . And contrary to the old saw that Afghans are virulently opposed to foreign forces on their soil , a BBC/ABC poll taken earlier this year -- almost a decade after the fall of the Taliban -- found that 62 percent of Afghans support international forces in their country . Contrast that with Iraq , where a BBC/ABC poll taken just two years after the U.S.-led invasion found that only one in three Iraqis supported the foreign soldiers in their country . This is a critical point in Afghanistan , as the center of gravity in a counterinsurgency is the protection of the population itself , a theory of counterinsurgency warfare that Petraeus enshrined in U.S. military doctrine , when he oversaw the work on the unglamorously named Counterinsurgency Field Manual 3-24 in 2006 at the Army 's training center at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas . When the final version of the Counterinsurgency Field Manual was published in December 2006 , it was downloaded 1.5 million times within a month of its posting . The New York Times gave it a serious review , something of a first for a dense military tome that weighed in at some 400 pages . The doctrines in that counterinsurgency manual have driven the subsequent actions of the U.S. military both in Iraq and Afghanistan . The following points from the manual summarize its central message : "  Unsuccessful practices : overemphasize killing and capturing the enemy rather than securing and engaging the populace ; conduct large-scale operations as the norm and concentrate military forces in large bases for protection . " Successful practices , according to the manual : Focus on the population , its needs , and its security , and provide amnesty and rehabilitation for those willing to support the new government . In a section titled "  Paradoxes , " the manual made a number of recommendations that were hardly typical of prevailing U.S. military doctrine : "  Sometimes doing nothing is the best reaction " and "  the host nation doing something tolerably is normally better than U.S. doing it well . " These commonsense prescriptions would , in time , help to change the course of the Iraq War . Petraeus , an intensely competitive officer with a Ph.D. in international relations from Princeton , assembled a brilliant staff to reassess and redirect the Iraq War . When he arrived in Baghdad , Petraeus brought with him a sense that there was a plan . And he also had the full support of President George W. Bush , with whom he held a weekly private videoconference , which was unprecedented since the president was circumventing several levels in the chain of command to speak to his field commander . Watching Petraeus 's Battlefield Update Assessment , held every morning at "  Camp Victory " in Baghdad , was to see a master at work , cajoling and cheerleading his commanders across the country via video link as they reported on every variable of the Iraqi body politic from the grandest of political issues to the minutest of water projects . The new team and new approach got American soldiers out of their bases and into the neighborhoods . It was amplified by the arrival of what would eventually become the 30,000 soldiers of the "  surge " authorized by Bush as Petraeus took command in Iraq . Petraeus outlined his "  population-centric " strategy in a three-page letter he distributed to all of the soldiers under his command . "  You ca n't commute to this fight . ... Living among the people is essential to securing them and defeating the insurgents . ... -LSB- P -RSB- atrol on foot and engage the population . Situational awareness can only be guaranteed by interacting with people face-to-face , not separated by ballistic glass . " There were also shifting dynamics on the ground in Iraq that would make the additional combat brigades of the surge a force multiplier rather than simply more cannon fodder for Iraq 's insurgents . Those changes included : • The rise of the "  Awakening " movements -- former Sunni insurgents who signed up for security jobs paid for by the U.S. military . • Previous sectarian cleansing that forced millions of Iraqis to flee their homes , and which made it harder for the death squads to find their victims . In Baghdad , half the Sunni population had fled the city by the end of 2006 . • Around the same time , efforts to register all military-age Iraqi males using biometrics such as retina scans , which created a useful database of that population . • Walls built around vulnerable neighborhoods that kept insurgents out . • Better bomb detection devices , such as drones equipped to spot subtle anomalies in roads indicating the presence of bombs ; the increasing deployment of hulking armored vehicles with V-shaped hulls known as MRAPs , which are largely immune from roadside bombs ; and an aggressive effort to map and target the networks of Iraq 's bomb makers . All these things led to a decline in the number of deaths caused by the leading killer of U.S. soldiers -- the improvised explosive device . The number of IED attacks in Iraq dropped from almost 5,000 in 2006 to around 3,000 two years later . The PowerPoint briefing slides so beloved of the U.S. military showed the violence in Iraq peaking in almost every category in the first months of 2007 and steadily dropping after that . That decline was true across the board , including attacks by insurgents , civilian deaths , U.S. soldiers killed , Iraq security forces killed , car-bomb attacks , and IED explosions . The number of Iraqi civilians dying in sectarian violence began a sharp decline from its high of around 90 every day in December 2006 , to single digits two years later . Can Petraeus and his team pull off something similar in Afghanistan ? The strategy that Petraeus will pursue there will not differ in any substantial way from that pursued by outgoing Gen. Stanley McChrystal . After all , Petraeus is the principal theorist and practitioner of counterinsurgency in the U.S. military and was one of the small group of Pentagon leaders who pushed for McChrystal to be installed as the commander in Afghanistan a year ago . As Petraeus himself has sometimes said , Afghanistan could be harder than Iraq . And indeed it may be , for while the country is certainly not in the grip of a full-blown civil war as Iraq was in early 2007 , it is still reeling from the effects of more than three decades of war . Also , the Taliban in Afghanistan are not a bunch of foreigners with foreign ideas as al Qaeda was in Iraq . In the rural Pashtun South of Afghanistan , the Taliban are the guys you grew up with and are much savvier about how to win , if not the support , at least the acquiescence of a sizable part of the population . The insurgents in Iraq had nothing on the scale of Pakistan 's tribal regions as a safe haven , as the Taliban do now , nor did they have the world 's largest supply of opium and heroin to help finance their insurgency . In Iraq , Petraeus helped stanch a terrible bloodbath and bring the country up to the level where it is a state perpetually on the edge of conflict between Kurds and Arabs or between Shias and Sunnis , but it has at least achieved some kind of tenuous peace . In Afghanistan , Petraeus must convince all sorts of constituencies , from the Afghan people , to the Pakistani military and political establishment , to the White House , to the American public , that some plausible progress is being made ; that the Americans are not going to "  cut and run " before a semi-stable Afghan government and military are in place . And he must do that all on a timetable in which some kind of American drawdown begins in July 2011 . It 's as big a challenge as plugging the BP oil spill , and to do it right might take as long as reversing the environmental catastrophe that is already in progress in the Gulf -- a very long time , measured more in decades than in years . No one is better equipped to handle the challenge than Gen. David Petraeus . But as a student of history , the general is surely aware that what worked on the banks of the Tigris and Euphrates in 2007 could still crash on the shoals of reality on the banks of the Kabul and Helmand rivers several years later . As the philosopher pointed out : You ca n't step twice into the same river . Not even someone as talented as David Petraeus . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bergen .	Gen. David Petraeus , who has a Ph.D. from Princeton , wrote the book on counterinsurgency Peter Bergen says Petraeus accomplished a huge turnaround in Iraq The general took many steps to gain public support for U.S. efforts in Iraq , Bergen says He notes Petraeus has said Afghanistan will be harder
CNN  -- There 's nothing like images of infants and children in distress to make outsiders yearn to help , which is why the unfolding story of Haiti 's orphans -- the most helpless of earthquake victims -- has kept people riveted . But what can be done and what should be the focus of attention and efforts remains a mystery to many Americans , who are flooding the phone lines of organizations , seeking to adopt these children -- immediately . The offer to open arms , hearts and homes is no doubt well-intentioned , but several leading aid organizations recently said new adoptions should stop and not be rushed . They want to protect children wrongly identified as orphans from being moved out of the country or falling victim to child traffickers . To help people understand what is and what can be , here are the facts as they stand right now : Understanding the numbers In 2007 , the United Nations Children 's Fund , or UNICEF , estimated that there were 380,000 orphans in Haiti . But -- emphasis on "  but " -- that number is rough at best , said Christopher de Bono , a UNICEF spokesman . The oversight of children in the system has been lousy in Haiti , de Bono said , and parents -- burdened by hardships -- have been known to leave their children in orphanages on a temporary basis . So determining who was truly orphaned before the earthquake was next to impossible . Despite the large number of orphans , as of last summer , Haiti had only about 100 licensed orphanages and 67 crèches  orphanages licensed to perform adoptions  , according to the Haitian Adoption Authority , or IBESR . Orphanages generally have no more than 150 children , according to adoption officials in the United States . This means most kids described as orphans in Haiti have not been housed in licensed establishments . Add to this the recent chaos and inevitable loss of documentation , and nailing down an accurate number of orphans becomes even more difficult . Since the 7.0 earthquake struck two weeks ago , 497 Haitian orphans have been evacuated to the United States , according to Tuesday 's figure from a U.S. State Department official . These were children confirmed to be orphans and already far along in the adoption process with identified families waiting for them . In total , 500 orphans had been issued travel documents to go to the United States , said Kathleen Strottman , executive director of the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute , a Washington-based nonprofit organization that works to raise awareness about children worldwide in need of homes . Strottman estimates more than 900 orphans -- including more than 400 who do n't yet have travel documents -- were in the process of being adopted from Haiti and placed in American homes . The actual match between family and child , she says , happens early in the two - to three-year adoption process , which is why this limbo stage is so painful for families who cling to photos of a child they 've already grown to love . Should doors open to more children ? Late last week , three aid groups -- Save the Children , World Vision and a unit of the British Red Cross -- issued a joint statement , asking for an immediate halt to any new adoptions of Haitian children . The crux of their argument was that hasty adoptions could break up families that may still have a chance of coming together again . Rather than whisk these children off to a foreign land , which might create a new set of problems for already traumatized young ones , these organizations , as well as many advocates in the adoption field , said the children should be cared for where they are -- provided with food , shelter , clothing and medical care -- and given the chance to reunite with family members who may be frantically searching for them . It 's better to give to the organizations that are on the ground , looking out for the welfare of kids , they say . UNICEF released a statement last week echoing this stance and saying that efforts to register unaccompanied children are under way . "  Every effort will be made to reunite children with their families . Only if that proves impossible , and after proper screening has been carried out , should permanent alternatives like adoption be considered by the relevant authorities , " said Ann Veneman , UNICEF 's executive director . "  Screening for international adoption for some Haitian children had been completed prior to the earthquake . Where this is the case , there are clear benefits to speeding up their travel to their new homes . " Added to the concern for these children are fears of increased trafficking and sexual exploitation . Before the earthquake , UNICEF estimated that as many as 2,000 Haitian children were being trafficked annually to the Dominican Republic , which shares the island of Hispaniola with Haiti , often with the consent of parents . These worries , and the desire to rejoin children with their loving family members , are not lost on U.S. lawmakers who came out Tuesday in support of a more efficient adoption process for Haiti . No one wants to tear children from the waiting arms of family members , nor do they want to place kids in danger . But for those who are "  true orphans , " Sen. Mary Landrieu , D-Louisiana , and other senators from both parties , are throwing their political weight behind the issue . They say it 's time to cut through the red tape that slows down the adoption process and drags it on for years -- for the sake of verified orphans living in Haiti , but also for those who span the globe and will still need loving homes after the media coverage surrounding Haiti 's earthquake dies down . These lawmakers are pushing this week to get the Families for Orphans Act out of a Senate committee and onto the floor for a vote . The bill would create an office in the State Department to specifically handle adoption issues and look out for the best interests of the world 's most vulnerable children . The stance of the Haitian authorities , though , appears unbending . "  The Haitian government is very clear on this , " said Marie-Laurence Jocelyn Lessgue , the communications minister . "  We are facilitating all of the adoption applications already submitted . Other than those , no child will be leaving the country for adoption . "	Images of Haitian infants and children in distress keep world watching and worried Calls from families hoping to adopt Haitian orphans flood phone lines Aid agencies explain why hasty adoptions are dangerous and offer advice on how to help U.S. lawmakers step in , trying to make adoptions more efficient
Egypt 's public prosecutor ordered the arrest Saturday of nine men on criminal charges of "  debauchery " after a social media video purporting to show a gay wedding went viral . In a statement , the prosecutor 's office accused the men of "  debauchery " and "  undermining public morals " and ordered a physical examination by a forensic doctor , a common practice in Egypt when arresting homosexuals . While homosexuality is not overtly outlawed in Egypt , gay people can face criminal charges under statutes that broadly claim to protect social "  morality . " The short video that went viral last week appears to have been filmed at a party on a Nile riverboat and appears to show two men in dark suits exchanging rings . The prosecution 's statement described it as a "  satanic ceremony " with images that were "  shameful , regrettable and anger God . " The statement claims the event took place in April , but was only recently posted as an act of revenge against one of the men filmed in the video . In April , four men were sentenced to prison for similar morality charges . In 2001 , Egypt arrested more than 50 men in a raid on a gay nightclub on the Queen riverboat .	Egypt 's public prosecutor ordered the arrest Saturday of 9 men on criminal charges Charges stem from viral video of purported gay wedding Homosexuality is not overtly outlawed in Egypt Gay persons can face charges under broadly interpreted "  morality " statutes
CNN  -- A gunshot struck the home of CNN anchor Lou Dobbs this month , and police in New Jersey are trying to determine whether the bullet was fired intentionally or was a stray . State Police Sgt. Steve Jones said Thursday that his department received a call from Dobbs ' wife , who heard a shot and said a bullet hit her house . Jones said she had been outside her house with "  an employee who worked with Dobbs " at 10:25 a.m. October 5 . There were no injuries in the incident , which occurred in a small community in northern New Jersey . Jones said a bullet struck the section of the house where the attic is but did n't penetrate the dwelling . He said the bullet fell to the ground and was recovered . Dobbs ' wife saw damage to the siding , Jones said . "  The bullet was taken by our detectives and turned over to our ballistics unit for further analysis , " Jones said . "  At this point , all I can say is that it appears to be a long gun , not a handgun or shotgun . " Dobbs has declined comment because the police investigation is ongoing , his representative said . Dobbs , who has been a vocal critic of illegal immigration , is the anchor and managing editor of CNN 's "  Lou Dobbs Tonight . " He mentioned the incident on his radio show Monday , saying it comes amid an "  atmosphere " of hostility from groups toward his stance on illegal immigration . On the radio show , aired by United Stations Radio Networks , Dobbs said that "  a shot was fired at my house where I live " and that it followed "  weeks and weeks of threatening phone calls . " He said the hostility has "  become part of a way of life , the anger , the hate , the vitriol , but it 's taken a different tone where they threaten my wife . " "  They 've now fired a shot at my house while my wife was standing next to the car . It 's become something else , and if anybody thinks that we 're not engaged in a battle for the soul of this country right now , you 're sorely mistaken . " Police are n't saying for now that the shot was fired at the house but only , as Jones said , that it struck the house . A stray shot from a long gun would not be a "  totally uncommon occurrence because of the hunters and target shooters " in the region , Jones said . Jones could n't give his opinion on what kind of shooting this might be , and he said the incident is being investigated "  further past a stray hunter 's bullet " because of Dobbs ' "  public persona . " Police have conducted interviews and patrolled the area , Jones said . When asked whether police would refer the case to federal authorities if it turned out to be an attack , Jones said , "  state police work regularly with other officers at local , county and federal levels and draw on any of resources when appropriate . " "  The case remains open , " he said . "  We want to take any incident like this seriously . "	New Jersey officials unsure whether bullet was intentionally fired or a stray CNN anchor 's wife was outside house during October 5 incident Bullet appears to be from "  long gun , not a handgun or shotgun , " police official says
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Sudan has asked for an emergency meeting of Arab foreign ministers ahead of the expected indictment of the country 's president for genocide and crimes against humanity in Darfur , according to reports . The U.N. estimates 2.5 million have been forced from their homes in Darfur . CNN revealed Friday that International Criminal Court Chief Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo has scheduled a news conference Monday , just after he is expected to file the warrant with the court . If the warrant is issued it would make Omar Hassan al-Bashir the first sitting president to be indicted by the ICC for genocide . Arab League spokesman Abdel Aleem el-Abyad told The Associated Press Saturday that Arab League chief Amr Moussa , who is currently in Paris , was making phone calls to Arab foreign ministers to try to schedule a meeting . The Sudanese ambassador to the United Nations told CNN Friday that the ICC had indicated to Sudanese officials that al-Bashir may be charged over the five-year campaign of violence in the country 's Darfur region . Watch a tour of Darfur 's deserted Northern Corridor " "  We have been hearing that this prosecutor is going to announce some names , possibly the leadership of the country , that will be indicted , " said Adbalmahmood Abdalhaleem Mohamad . "  It is a criminal move that should be resisted by all . " Such an indictment , Mohamad said , would be a destabilizing move that would "  take us back to square one . " Sudan , he said , is "  condemning it in the strongest possible terms " and urged the international community to do likewise . "  We will resist it by all possible legal means , " he said . Watch actress and Darfur activist Mia Farrow speak on the issue " The prosecutor said in a progress report last month to the Security Council that Sudan 's "  whole state apparatus " had been mobilized "  to plan , commit , and cover up crimes " in Darfur . Watch how some are concerned by the move " "  For the last five years , the whole Darfur area has been a crime scene , " Moreno-Ocampo said last month . The Darfur conflict began in 2003 when Darfurians rebelled against the central government over its alleged favoritism to Arabs over Africans . The government in Khartoum fought back allegedly unleashing the janjaweed militia to quell the uprising -- a claim the government denies . The authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents there , according to the United Nations , western governments and human rights organizations . Militias targeted civilian members of the tribes from which the African rebels draw strength . Human rights groups blame the janjaweed for most atrocities , including the use of rape as a weapon of war . Meanwhile , the chief U.N. humanitarian coordinator said aid workers are preparing for the effects of an indictment . "  We are taking precautions to make sure that people are aware of the risks and what we need to maintain our operations at the same time , " said John Holmes . "  We 're taking sensible precautions hoping nothing will happen , because humanitarian aid should continue whatever the political situation , whatever the political arguments . " The U.N. estimates that some 300,000 people have died in the conflict and more than 2.5 million have been forced from their homes since 2003 . Sudanese officials say only 10,000 have died in the fighting and have rejected claims from the U.S. and others that genocide is taking place . Witnesses who spoke to CNN Correspondent Nic Robertson in May said that just four months ago , government airplanes and helicopters attacked defenseless civilians in their Darfur villages . They said the government struck in coordination with militiamen riding horses and camels -- a classic pattern that has unfolded around Darfur . More than 115 people were killed in that attack , they said , and nearly 58,000 people fled . In 2005 , the Security Council cleared the way for possible Darfur war crime prosecutions by the ICC , a permanent tribunal set up to handle cases related to genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . The court is based on a treaty signed by 106 nations -- excluding Sudan . Once the court indicts someone , authorities in that person 's native country -- or the country in which the indicted person is located -- have the power to detain the indicted person for trial at the Hague . The ICC has already indicted two men for Darfur crimes -- one a government official and the other a militia leader . The cases are against Ali Kushayb , a militia leader , and Ahmad Harun , former minister of state for the interior in Sudan , who is now in charge of humanitarian affairs for the Sudanese government . Both face charges accusing them of murder , rape , forced displacement and other offenses in Darfur . An arrest warrant for Harun charges that he was involved in the murder , rape , torture and forced displacement of civilians . The court also says he encouraged such illegal acts in public speeches during his tenure as minister of state for the interior . The criminal court says Kushayb led several thousand militia members and personally participated in attacks against civilians . An arrest warrant outlines numerous cases of murder , rape and inhumane acts .	International Criminal Court may seek arrest of Sudan 's president Chief prosecutor expected to file for arrest warrant Monday Sudan has asked for an emergency meeting of Arab foreign ministers
Editor 's note : Joseph E. Stiglitz , professor at Columbia University , was awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics in 2001 for his work on the economics of information and was on the climate change panel that shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 2008 . Stiglitz , a supporter of Barack Obama , was a member and later chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers during the Clinton administration before joining the World Bank as chief economist and senior vice president . He is the co-author with Linda Bilmes of the "  Three Trillion Dollar War : The True Costs of the Iraq Conflict . " Economist Joseph Stiglitz says federal regulators and executives helped create the Wall Street crisis . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Many seem taken aback by the depth and severity of the current financial turmoil . I was among several economists who saw it coming and warned about the risks . There is ample blame to be shared ; but the purpose of parsing out blame is to figure out how to make a recurrence less likely . President Bush famously said , a little while ago , that the problem is simple : Too many houses were built . Yes , but the answer is too simplistic : Why did that happen ? One can say the Fed failed twice , both as a regulator and in the conduct of monetary policy . Its flood of liquidity  money made available to borrow at low interest rates  and lax regulations led to a housing bubble . When the bubble broke , the excessively leveraged loans made on the basis of overvalued assets went sour . For all the new-fangled financial instruments , this was just another one of those financial crises based on excess leverage , or borrowing , and a pyramid scheme . The new "  innovations " simply hid the extent of systemic leverage and made the risks less transparent ; it is these innovations that have made this collapse so much more dramatic than earlier financial crises . But one needs to push further : Why did the Fed fail ? First , key regulators like Alan Greenspan did n't really believe in regulation ; when the excesses of the financial system were noted , they called for self-regulation -- an oxymoron . Second , the macro-economy was in bad shape with the collapse of the tech bubble . The tax cut of 2001 was not designed to stimulate the economy but to give a largesse to the wealthy -- the group that had been doing so well over the last quarter-century . The coup d'grace was the Iraq War , which contributed to soaring oil prices . Money that used to be spent on American goods now got diverted abroad . The Fed took seriously its responsibility to keep the economy going . It did this by replacing the tech bubble with a new bubble , a housing bubble . Household savings plummeted to zero , to the lowest level since the Great Depression . It managed to sustain the economy , but the way it did it was shortsighted : America was living on borrowed money and borrowed time . Finally , at the center of blame must be the financial institutions themselves . They -- and even more their executives -- had incentives that were not well aligned with the needs of our economy and our society . They were amply rewarded , presumably for managing risk and allocating capital , which was supposed to improve the efficiency of the economy so much that it justified their generous compensation . But they misallocated capital ; they mismanaged risk -- they created risk . They did what their incentive structures were designed to do : focusing on short-term profits and encouraging excessive risk-taking . This is not the first crisis in our financial system , not the first time that those who believe in free and unregulated markets have come running to the government for bail-outs . There is a pattern here , one that suggests deep systemic problems -- and a variety of solutions : 1 . We need first to correct incentives for executives , reducing the scope for conflicts of interest and improving shareholder information about dilution in share value as a result of stock options . We should mitigate the incentives for excessive risk-taking and the short-term focus that has so long prevailed , for instance , by requiring bonuses to be paid on the basis of , say , five-year returns , rather than annual returns . 2 . Secondly , we need to create a financial product safety commission , to make sure that products bought and sold by banks , pension funds , etc. are safe for "  human consumption . " Consenting adults should be given great freedom to do whatever they want , but that does not mean they should gamble with other people 's money . Some may worry that this may stifle innovation . But that may be a good thing considering the kind of innovation we had -- attempting to subvert accounting and regulations . What we need is more innovation addressing the needs of ordinary Americans , so they can stay in their homes when economic conditions change . 3 . We need to create a financial systems stability commission to take an overview of the entire financial system , recognizing the interrelations among the various parts , and to prevent the excessive systemic leveraging that we have just experienced . 4 . We need to impose other regulations to improve the safety and soundness of our financial system , such as "  speed bumps " to limit borrowing . Historically , rapid expansion of lending has been responsible for a large fraction of crises and this crisis is no exception . 5 . We need better consumer protection laws , including laws that prevent predatory lending . 6 . We need better competition laws . The financial institutions have been able to prey on consumers through credit cards partly because of the absence of competition . But even more importantly , we should not be in situations where a firm is "  too big to fail . " If it is that big , it should be broken up . These reforms will not guarantee that we will not have another crisis . The ingenuity of those in the financial markets is impressive . Eventually , they will figure out how to circumvent whatever regulations are imposed . But these reforms will make another crisis of this kind less likely , and , should it occur , make it less severe than it otherwise would be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Joseph Stiglitz : Fed pumped too much money , aiding housing bubble New-fangled instruments hid overuse of borrowing , Stiglitz says Executives followed short-term interests and magnified risks , he says Stiglitz : Widespread changes needed to prevent future crises
CNN  -- A judge set bond at $ 2 million Thursday for a 35-year-old woman who faces charges in the case of a woman whose baby was ripped from her womb . Darlene Haynes , pictured with one of her other children , was found slain in her apartment closet , authorities said . Investigators detained Julie A. Corey on Wednesday afternoon and charged her with being a fugitive from justice . They found her with a newborn in Plymouth , New Hampshire , during an investigation into the death of 23-year-old Darlene Haynes , whose body was found Monday in the closet of her home in Worcester , Massachusetts . Haynes was eight months pregnant . Haynes was last seen July 23 , and police suspect she had been dead for several days when her body was discovered , wrapped in bedding . Watch neighbors describe victim " A friend told CNN affiliate WHDH that she received a text message from Haynes at 11:20 p.m. July 23 that said she was having wine coolers with a friend at her apartment . Officers received tips from women who became suspicious of another friend of Haynes ' who turned up with a newborn girl when Haynes disappeared . Worcester police said they learned that "  a woman connected with Ms. Haynes " told her acquaintances she had delivered a baby sometime during the night of July 23 or morning of July 24 at an undisclosed Massachusetts hospital . "  When the woman appeared with the newborn baby girl in Worcester on Friday , July 24 , the suspicions of a number of this woman 's acquaintances were piqued . In the aftermath of the discovery of Ms. Haynes ' body and the information that her fetus was missing was reported in the media , several of these acquaintances advised detectives of their suspicions , " the police statement said . Police sought and found Corey and determined she and a man had moved to New Hampshire , the statement said . The two were brought in for questioning and Corey was arrested on suspicion of being a fugitive from justice . "  This charge is supported by probable cause developed by the Worcester Police Department alleging the kidnapping of the infant child found in the custody of Julie Corey , " the Worcester police statement said . The baby was determined to be a few days old , said Michele Hutchins , spokeswoman for Speare Memorial Hospital in Plymouth . "  She is in good condition and doing just fine , " Hutchins said . Hospital officials are expecting to transfer her custody to Massachusetts child welfare workers . "  As the story began to unfold more over the last 24 hours , and then of course with the arrest of someone here in Plymouth tied to that , and then subsequently a baby coming into our hospital , a lot of people are certainly touched and hoping for the best , " Hutchins said . During an arraignment Thursday , Corey did not waive extradition to Massachusetts . She is scheduled to appear in court again on August 31 . CNN Radio 's Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report .	Darlene Haynes , who was eight months pregnant , found dead in apartment closet Friend tells WHDH that Haynes sent text saying she was drinking with friend Police charge Julie A. Corey , a friend of Haynes , with being a fugitive from justice . Officers were led to Corey after she told friends she recently had child
Washington  CNN  -- During President Barack Obama 's three-day swing through the states of Washington California and Colorado , he fielded questions at a town hall meeting in Silicon Valley and visited a high school in Denver . Two official events to promote his jobs plan . Compare that to seven fundraisers he headlined , raising at least $ 8 million for his re-election campaign and the Democratic National Committee . Who paid for the trip ? You did . And so did we . Taxpayers are footing the bill for almost the entire trip , which also cost millions of dollars . It 's standard practice for presidents , both Democratic and Republican , to go on predominantly fundraising trips with taxpayer 's paying for most of the travel costs . It 's completely legal . Do some official White House business on the trip and -- voila ! -- the president 's re-election campaign and party shoulder very little of the cost . "  Usually , a political party only covers a fraction of the costs of presidential travel , usually in the single digit percentages , " says Pete Sepp with the National Taxpayers Union , a nonpartisan nonprofit group against wasteful government spending . "  Most of the money raised really comes at a free cost to the parties . They only reimburse for a few hundred thousand dollars , on a given trip , if tax payers are lucky . " The price tag on presidential travel is exorbitant . Air Force One costs $ 181,757 per flight hour to operate , according to the Air Force . There 's a C-17 military support plane to fly the president 's limousines to his destination , perhaps another if Marine One will be used during the trip . And the personnel : the salary costs of a Secret Service detail and dozens of White House staffers who also required meals , transportation and hotel rooms . There are also local security costs like overtime pay for police officers who escort the presidential motorcade or provide security along the travel route . There is little transparency in determining the cost of presidential travel . A White House spokesman declined to say how the White House and the DNC divided the cost of Obama 's western trip , citing security concerns . Other administrations have declined to comment on the same grounds . A report conducted by the Democratic-controlled House Oversight and Government Reform Committee while President George Bush was in the White House concluded taxpayers paid for about 97 % of presidential travel , the Republican Party just 3 % . Sepp says there 's no reason to believe the breakdown is much different with the Obama administration or other White Houses . "  Ever since Ronald Reagan 's administration , presidential travel has carried with it a lot of controversy over cost as well as politics , " Sepp says . "  Even Richard Nixon was cited for having traveled a great deal abroad , when he was having domestic political troubles . " In 1995 , President Bill Clinton attended eight fundraisers in four days on a cross-country swing . Taxpayers often pay for travel to campaign events that rally support rather than raise money , like Bush 's dramatic entrance into a baseball stadium in Fort Myers Florida less than a month before his re-election in 2004 . Call it a perk of the presidency , something a mere candidate does not enjoy . "  And that 's the point when the parties themselves have to pay for the cost of the pomp and the circumstance , " Sepp says . "  The pomp and the circumstance gets a lot smaller , a lot more modest . "	It 's standard practice for presidents , both Democratic and Republican There is little transparency in determining the cost of presidential travel Taxpayers also pay for travel to campaign events that rally support rather than raise money
CNN  -- An asteroid the size of an aircraft carrier passed within the moon 's orbit Tuesday , the closest approach by an object that large in more than 30 years . Asteroid 2005 YU55 passed within 202,000 miles of Earth -- about four-fifths of the distance to the moon -- at 6:28 p.m. Tuesday , NASA said . Marina Brozovic , a researcher at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California , said the space agency was able to train a great deal of high-powered instruments -- including the massive radio telescope at Arecibo , Puerto Rico -- on the asteroid as it approached . "  This is a rare event , and we learned a lot , " Brozovic told CNN . Follow space and science news on Light Years Though the space agency classified the asteroid as a "  potentially hazardous object , " it posed no threat of a collision , according to NASA 's Near Earth Object Program . If the asteroid had crashed into Earth , it could have caused a 4,000-megaton blast and a magnitude 7.0 earthquake , according to scientists at Purdue University . If it fell into the ocean , it could have caused a 70-foot-high tsunami within 60 miles of the crash site , the experts said . The last time a space rock in the same league as 2005 YU55 passed as close to Earth was in 1976 , NASA said . The next similar encounter is projected for 2028 , Brozovic said . Podcast : Asteroid close encounter As the object neared Earth , NASA studied the asteroid with the Goldstone radar antennas in California 's Mojave Desert . Goldstone antennas are very sensitive radio telescopes used to investigate quasars , radar mapping of planets and comets . Scientists plan to reconstruct the shape of the asteroid with a resolution as fine as 13 feet  4 meters  using the antennas . Share your view of the asteroid The approach also provides a rare opportunity for amateur astronomers to directly observe an asteroid with optical telescopes . But because the object is so dark , NASA said stargazers would need a telescope with an aperture of 6 inches  15cm  or larger to see it . "  It 's visible across North America in the ensuing hours , dim at 11th or 12th magnitude and moving fast , " Sky & Telescope magazine said . CNN 's Sean Morris contributed to this report .	Asteroid 2005 YU55 passed within 202,000 miles of Earth on Tuesday The space rock posed no threat of an Earth collision , NASA said "  This is a rare event , and we learned a lot , " a researcher says
CNN  -- A fugitive wanted by the FBI in the killing of a U.S. diplomat in 2000 has been arrested by French forces in Mali , a source familiar with the case told CNN on Thursday . Alhassane Ould Mohamed , also known as "  Cheibani , " a 43-year-old Malian citizen , was named in an indictment unsealed in a federal court in New York in September . He was charged with the slaying of U.S. Department of Defense official William Bultemeier in Niamey , Niger , in December 2000 . Authorities said Mohamed and another suspect confronted a group of employees of the U.S. Embassy in Niger as they left a restaurant in Niamey . The two men , armed with a pistol and an AK-47 assault rifle , approached Bultemeier as he was about to enter his car . The suspect is accused of shooting Bultemeier after asking him to turn over the keys to the diplomatic vehicle . U.S. Marine Christopher McNeely was wounded in the attack . The gunmen drove away in the diplomatic vehicle . Bultemeier , a military attache , died of his injuries . "  U.S. diplomat William Bultemeier lost his life while representing his country overseas , and U.S. Marine Christopher McNeely was gravely wounded trying to protect him , all during the brazen armed carjacking allegedly perpetrated by the defendant and his confederate , " Loretta Lynch , U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York , said in a statement at the time . Mohamed was arrested in Mali in December 2000 , according the FBI website . He was never formally charged and escaped in 2002 . In late 2009 , Mohamed killed four Saudi Arabian nationals in northern Niger . In 2010 , he was arrested and convicted in those slayings . Mohamed was serving a 20-year prison sentence in Niger when he escaped on June 1 , 2013 .	Fugitive wanted in the slaying of U.S. diplomat is arrested by French forces in Mali Alhassane Ould Mohamed was indicted on murder charges in New York in September Mohamed is wanted for the killing of William Bultemeier in 2000
CNN  -- Bernie Ecclestone has revealed that Italian motor marque Ferrari has a veto over who will succeed him as the boss of Formula One . The British billionaire has managed F1 's commercial rights since 1978 but there has recently been speculation over who could replace him as chief executive . Ecclestone turned 83 this year and is defending lawsuits on both sides of the Atlantic surrounding the sale of F1 to private equity firm CVC in 2006 . Speaking before the season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix in November , Ecclestone told reporters for the first time who he would like to take over the reins . He said his "  ideal " successor would be Christian Horner , team principal of the Red Bull Racing team which has won the F1 championship for the past four years . "  It needs someone who knows the sport . If someone comes in from outside , a corporate type , I do n't think I could work with them . It would n't last five minutes , " said Ecclestone . In a statement on Red Bull 's official website on November 22 , Horner said while he was flattered by Ecclestone 's comments , he is "  fully focused " on his role as team boss and has a long-term contract with the world champion team . Ecclestone has since explained to CNN how Horner 's name was linked with F1 's top job , saying : "  Somebody said to me , ` What happens when you go , what 's going to happen ? ' "  Christian walked past and I said : ` What about him ? He is a good guy . ' "  Firstly CVC would never agree and secondly Ferrari would have a say , " added Ecclestone . Ecclestone revealed that Ferrari needs to give consent to his successor , a detail that is written in the prospectus for the stalled flotation of F1 on the Singapore stock exchange . The prospectus states : "  We must obtain the written consent of Ferrari prior to the appointment of any person as our chief executive officer if , within the past five years , he or she has held a senior executive office or an ownership interest of 5 % or more in any Team or automobile manufacturer which either owns more than a 5 % interest in a Team or is a supplier of engines to a Team . " Ferrari 's president Luca di Montezemolo also sits on F1 's nomination committee , whose responsibility is to "  review and recommend candidates for appointments to the Board ... " according to the prospectus . Di Montezemolo recently commented on Italy 's RAI television about Ecclestone 's anointment of Horner as his successor . The Italian commented : "  Ecclestone sees Horner as his successor ? As the years go by , he more and more enjoys making jokes and I 'm happy he still has the desire to do so . " A Ferrari spokesperson declined to give additional comment and told CNN : "  It is premature at the moment to discuss this topic further . " Ferrari is the only team which has competed in F1 every year since the championship was launched in 1950 . Damon Hill , who won the F1 title for the Williams team in 1996 , says he believes that Ferrari 's power is down to its longevity . "  Ferrari has always been an exception in this sport and there may be good reason for that , " Hill told CNN . "  Personally , I do n't see how you can have a free sport where one competitor has got a special status but there seems to be some sound marketing reason . Teams that have had longer commitment to the sport have got a greater say in the sport and that is fair enough . "  That is the power Ferrari has always had over the sport . " Interactive : Do you understand F1 's rule changes ? As F1 's controlling shareholder , CVC would also be closely involved with choosing Ecclestone 's successor . Only 313 staff are employed by the F1 Group , the Jersey-based company which runs the sport . The company has only 10 members of senior management , with no chief operating officer or deputy for Ecclestone . David Campbell , the former European chief executive of entertainment group AEG , was said to be a successor for Ecclestone but left F1 just over a year after he was hired to run its corporate hospitality division in 2011 . Others who have been tipped to take over from Ecclestone include Justin King , who runs British supermarket chain Sainsbury 's , and Sir Stuart Rose , the former chief executive of its rival Marks & Spencer . But despite his advancing age and ongoing legal troubles , Ecclestone says he has no intention of giving up the wheel , and told CNN : "  I 'm not going anywhere . " Blog : Sebastian Vettel -- Arrogant or humble champion ?	Bernie Ecclestone reveals Ferrari can veto his successor as Formula One chief executive F1 's controlling shareholder , private equity firm CVC , would also have a significant say Ecclestone this year named Red Bull team boss Christian Horner as his possible replacement But the 83-year-old says he has no plans to stand down
On Sunday morning Sept. 15 , 1963 , a dynamite bomb exploded at the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham , Alabama , killing four black children , and injuring many others . The names of the dead girls were Addie Mae Collins , Cynthia Wesley , Carole Robertson , and Denise McNair . That afternoon a phone rang at the house of Gene Patterson , the editor of the Atlanta Constitution . Patterson was mowing the lawn , his nine-year-old daughter Mary nearby . The call from the office carried the horrible news from Birmingham . Patterson , without changing his clothes , drove to town and with tears in his eyes banged out a column so powerful that Walter Cronkite would ask him to read it for the CBS Evening News . It began : A Negro mother wept in the street Sunday morning in front of a Baptist Church in Birmingham . In her hand she held a shoe , one shoe , from the foot of her dead child . We hold that shoe with her . Every one of us in the white South holds that small shoe in his hand . It is too late to blame the sick criminals who handled the dynamite . The FBI and the police can deal with that kind . The charge against them is simple . They killed four children . Only we can trace the truth , Southerner -- you and I . We broke those children 's bodies . T.S. Eliot once wrote that it is the job of the poet to find the sacred object that correlates to the emotion he wants to express . For Patterson , the object was that one small shoe : We hold that shoe in our hand , Southerner . Let us see it straight , and look at the blood on it . Let us compare it with the unworthy speeches of Southern public men who have traduced the Negro ; match it with the spectacle of shrilling children whose parents and teachers turned them free to spit epithets at small huddles of Negro school children for a week before this Sunday in Birmingham ; hold up the shoe and look beyond it to the state house in Montgomery where the official attitudes of Alabama have been spoken in heat and anger . Patterson 's mentor Ralph McGill once criticized his own early editorials on issues of racial justice as "  pale tea , " and Patterson accepted the judgment for himself . Every day from 1960 to 1968 , he wrote a signed editorial column in the paper , many of them devoted to issues of segregation and racial equality . As the years went by , his voice grew stronger . In those more than 3,000 columns Patterson urged Southerners to do the right thing , to embrace Christian charity and common decency , to follow the law , promising that if they changed , "  the sky would not fall . " "  I see what you 're doing , " one reader accused . "  You 're trying to make us think we 're better than we are . " On many days , Patterson 's column expressed sympathy for the plight of the white Southerner and confidence that the South could change on its own , without the heavy hand of the federal government . But not on September 15 , 1963 . In a column that runs 553 words , Patterson uses the words ` we , ' ` us , ' and ` our , ' more than twenty times : Let us not lay the blame on some brutal fool who did n't know any better . We know better . We created the day . We bear the judgment . May God have mercy on the poor South that has so been led . May what has happened hasten the day when the good South , which does live and has great being , will rise to this challenge of racial understanding and common humanity , and in the full power of its unasserted courage , assert itself . The Sunday school play at Birmingham is ended . With a weeping Negro mother , we stand in the bitter smoke and hold a shoe . If our South is ever to be what we wish it to be , we will plant a flower of nobler resolve for the South now upon these four small graves that we dug . It is almost unimaginable today that a columnist would be asked to read his work on the evening network news , but that 's what happened to Patterson when CBS and Cronkite called .  Recordings of that show have not survived .  The broadcast carried the message of that one small shoe around the nation . Patterson received more than 2,000 letters in response . Patterson would go on to win a Pulitzer Prize in 1967 for his editorial columns on racial justice . He briefly served as managing editor of the Washington Post , taught at Duke University , and became editor of the St. Petersburg Times  now the Tampa Bay Times  and chairman of the Poynter Institute , the school for journalism and democracy where I have worked since 1979 . Patterson hired me to teach writing there and became my friend and mentor until his death earlier this year at the age of 89 . The library at Poynter is named after him . His photo hangs there , not far from a calligraphed rendition of his famous editorial . It is part of an artistic work by the late African American artist John Scott called "  I Remember Birmingham , " comprising four glass cubes , each one representing one of the dead girls . Words etched on the glass are intended to be "  heard " as the lost voices of the victims . The translucent cubes remind us of the stained-glass shattered in the bombings .  Three former members of the Ku Klux Klan were eventually convicted of murder for the bombings ; one survives , in prison . This may be the 50th anniversary of their deaths , but I think of those four girls every day of my working life . Patterson never took credit for his progressive views on race . He knew what he was doing was dangerous . A ball peen hammer in a desk drawer not far from his typewriter was there for any Klansman who might wander in . "  I never had to use it , " he told me , "  but I pulled out the drawer a couple of times . " He repeated again and again that the heroes of that era were black civil rights workers who put their lives on the line every day to dismantle America 's version of apartheid , men and women such as Rep. John Lewis . I met Lewis at a tribute for Patterson held in 2002 at Gene 's old newspaper in Atlanta . Patterson , who had been a tank commander in Patton 's army , was an emotional man who could almost never bring himself to read his old work aloud , so I read "  A Flower for the Graves " to a group of assembled admirers . "  I remember reading it back then , " Rep. Lewis told me . "  I had tears in my eyes . " In 2003 Patterson did a radio interview with WUNC in North Carolina . Host Frank Stasio asked Gene to read the column on the air , and he did so reluctantly , but only a couple of passages , his voice rising like a preacher when he came to the phrase "  one shoe . " "  God , Gene , you still sound angry , " said Stacio . Patterson responded , his voice catching , "  About that -- yeah . "	Sept. 15 is the 50th anniversary of the Birmingham bombing that killed four children Roy Peter Clark recalls powerful column written by Atlanta Constitution editor Gene Patterson Patterson held the South 's leaders to account for stoking an environment of hatred , he says Clark : Patterson was asked to read his column on newsman Walter Cronkite 's show
CNN  -- He seemed , at that moment , less like a rock star than like someone who sort of wandered on stage from the multitudes of motley young people jostling and undulating in the meadow . He appeared dazed and confused : a scruffy , spectacularly unglamorous fellow who somehow found himself among the rock 'n' roll aristocracy who showed up in Woodstock , New York , 45 summers ago to help administer a collective blessing upon a generation . Then Joe Cocker started to sing a song that , it 's safe to say , everybody within hearing range of that stage knew by heart . It was what was widely recognized as the "  Ringo " number from the already classic Beatles album , "  Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , " from two years ago . "  With a Little Help From My Friends " was the kind of catchy , user-friendly ditty that even a stuffy grown-up could love enough to sing along with decades before anyone heard the word "  karaoke . " Anybody , in other words , could make the song work for them , whether in a shower or a corner bar . Joe Cocker , at that moment , did more than just make it work . He worked that song over , ripping its delicate , amiable stitching apart and transfiguring it into something with more grandeur , tumult and dramatic tension than the Beatles could have imagined . The cameras that captured that transfixing performance for all time stayed on him for practically the entire song , drifting up and down Cocker 's spasmodic form , focusing on his hands as they mimed an invisible instrument wrenching every lick , spin and extended variation he could summon through the vibrant coarseness of his voice . That little ditty Ringo Star introduced to the world became , in Cocker 's fitful , jerking hands , an epic flag waver , a soul-music anthem . Cocker did n't just "  cover " that song . He conquered it and made it his own . His performance , one of the many peaks of the 1970 eponymous documentary about that festival , "  Woodstock , " was the first thing most people of a certain age thought of when they heard the news of Cocker 's death at 70 from lung cancer . It was what Monday 's CBS Evening News broadcast mentioned first and foremost when mentioning Cocker 's passing and the film clip accompanied many tweets and posts on social media . Galvanic as that moment was , it was only the beginning of a solid , steady career for Cocker , who scored serial blues-rock hits throughout the 1970s , including "  Feelin ' Alright " and "  You Are So Beautiful . " His 1982 duet with Jennifer Warnes , "  Up Where We Belong , " pretty much capped his string of hits . His gravelly voice and his contortions , however , remained in demand throughout the world , and it says something about his enduring appeal that so many people from different generations say they went straight to those and other tunes to hear that aching , fiery growl once again . Most appropriately , for a man who exploded into being at a long-ago festival devoted to "  peace and love , " there came a special tweet today from someone wishing the same to Cocker 's spirit . It came from Ringo Starr .	Gene Seymour : Joe Cocker made iconic version of "  With a Little Help From My Friends " at Woodstock He says on news of his death , song is what everyone thought of . He conquered it , made it his own He says it began Cocker 's solid blues career that crossed several generations Seymour : Today , Ringo Starr tweeted tribute to the man who transformed his signature song
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Last month 's deadly fire at a clothing factory on the outskirts of Bangladesh 's capital was an "  act of sabotage , " a government committee of inquiry said Monday . The panel also said the owner of the factory should be held responsible for gross negligence of safety and should face trial for the lack of safety measures that led to 112 deaths . Most of the dead in the fire at the Tazreen Fashion factory in Ashulia last month were women . Almost half of the dead were burned beyond recognition and were buried under government supervision after DNA samples were taken . More than 200 people also were injured in the blaze . "  We 're sure it was an act of sabotage , but it needs further investigation by an intelligence or police agency to ascertain who was behind this act of sabotage , " said the head of the government committee , Main Uddin Khandaker , an additional secretary of the Ministry of Home Affairs . "  The owner of the factory should be brought to justice , as we find that proper safety measures could have lessened the fatalities , " he said after submitting the report to the home secretary . Factory owner Delwar Hossain could not be reached for comment Monday . He earlier admitted to local media that his factory lacked proper safety measures , but said he had not been aware of it . A couple of days after the November 24 fire , Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina also called it a "  planned arson . " Police have arrested three mid-level managers and sent them to jail for not allowing the workers to leave the building after the fire alarm went off . They told them "  it was for a mock fire drill , " officials said . The committee in its report recommended that the owner and at least nine other mid-level managers should be prosecuted under the Bangladesh Penal Code . The committee also recommended that the government form a "  powerful task force " to ensure safety at garment factories and other facilities across the country . Ready-made garments make up 80 % of Bangladesh 's $ 24 billion in annual exports . The country has about 4,500 garment factories that make clothes for stores such as Tesco , Walmart , Teddy Smith , J.C. Penney , H&M , Marks & Spencer , Kohl 's and Carrefour . The sector earned $ 19 billion last year .	Panel : Further investigation is needed to pin down who started a clothing factory fire 112 people , mostly women , died in the fire on the outskirts of Dhaka The owner of the factory should be prosecuted for the lack of safety measures , the panel says Factory owner Delwar Hossain has said he was not aware of the situation
CNN  -- Shaken police officers in Houston , Texas , provided details Thursday in the death of a 12-year-old Texas boy whose burned body was found in a drainage ditch . Jonathan Foster was last seen December 24 . The medical examiner has not released the cause of death . Mona Yvette Nelson , 44 , a maintenance worker and an acquaintance of the boy 's family , was arrested Wednesday and the Harris County District Attorney 's Office has accepted capital murder charges , said spokesman Kese Smith of the Houston Police Department . Police credit a security video taken by a business in helping to crack the case , homicide Capt. David Gott told reporters . Police said the business video was taken around 6 p.m. that day . The video , he said , shows someone pulling up in a silver truck , unloading a body and placing it in a ditch about five miles from the apartment at which Jonathan lived . "  She has still not confessed , still has not said that she murdered Jonathan Foster , " Gott said of Nelson . "  But she did admit that it was her truck and that she was there at that ditch and she is that person in that video putting that body in the ditch . " The suspect met Jonathan 's stepfather two weeks before he vanished , according to CNN Houston affiliate KHOU . Investigators said Nelson , the only suspect , made a "  self-serving statement " that places her with Jonathan , but she has not admitted to killing the boy . Jonathan 's mother was away at work when he disappeared on the afternoon of December 24 . The boy 's stepfather saw him around 1:45 p.m. , Gott said . Jonathan called his mother 's workplace and spoke with someone who relayed a message to her . She came home around 2 p.m. to find Jonathan was gone . Officers at the apartment complex were in the process of trying to talk with Nelson , who they understood had talked with Jonathan around 12:30 p.m. , Gott said . They had received a video image of the truck and noticed it was similar to Nelson 's , he added . No accelerants were found on the body , Gott said . While he would not go into any details , he did say welding torches were found at the suspect 's home , along with other evidence authorities said she tried to conceal . They believe the body was burned at Nelson 's house . Detective Michael Miller said officers are uncertain about a motive , but he described the suspect he helped interview as showing "  an absolute lack of remorse " for Jonathan 's killing . Nelson , who was being held without bail Thursday , was friends with the roommate of Jonathan 's mother , police said . Jonathan was a happy , red-haired and well-liked boy , Miller said . "  It 's an absolute tragedy that can not be put into words . " CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this report .	Burned remains of a child were found in Houston , Texas Jonathan Foster was last seen December 24 Authorities plan capital murder charges against suspect Mona Yvette Nelson , 44 , was arrested Wednesday
CNN  -- Small cars on the U.S. market are gaining traction with consumers , but some new models have more work to do to catch the Honda Civic , designated by a respected safety group as an industry leader . The 2013 two - and four-door Civics turned in a "  good " performance -- the highest score -- in a new type of tough front crash test earlier this year to earn the highest accolade from the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety . Four other cars , including the Dodge Dart from Chrysler and the Ford Focus , more recently posted acceptable ratings in the same IIHS test . But that was good enough for them to earn top overall status as well from the organization , even though the Civic did better . But three models , including the Chevy Cruze produced by General Motors , and the Volkswagen Beetle , posted marginal results and fell short of the loftiest rating for comprehensive safety , which also factors in results from other IIHS front , side , rollover and rear crash tests . The Nissan Sentra and two other vehicles made by Kia fared poorly in the test . A premium on fuel efficiency With half of the 12 tested models qualifying for IIHS best performance -- called Top Safety Pick Plus -- consumers have more vetted choices when weighing safety , the group said . Automakers trying to meet government and consumer demands for better fuel efficiency have in recent years jump-started production of small cars . Buyers have responded positively , especially to U.S. manufacturers , which for years relied on sales of gas-guzzling SUVs and pickups . Car companies designed models to perform better in the latest frontal and other tough crash tests , but some still need to address concerns . "  Manufacturers need to focus on the whole package , " said David Zuby , the Insurance Institute 's chief research officer . "  That means a strong occupant compartment that resists the kinds of intrusion we see in a frontal crash like this , safety belts that prevent a driver from pitching too far forward and side curtain airbags to cushion a head at risk of hitting the dashboard or window frame . " The latest institute test measured vehicle strength and occupant protection when only a quarter of a car 's front end hits a tree , a pole , or another vehicle at 40 mph . The collision occurs outside the structural areas of the vehicle designed to manage crash energy . This increases the risk of severe damage to the car and possible injury to the driver and passengers , the insurance group said . The test is also important for testing seat belts and air bags and measuring how well vehicle designs prevent injuries to feet and lower legs , according to the IIHS . Tesla aces its first crash test Automakers respond to test results The redesigned two - and four-door Honda Civic posted "  good " or top marks in the so-called overlap front crash test . That equaled the performance of some larger cars , which makes the result more impressive for Honda . The Dart , Focus , Hyundai Elantra -- all new this year -- and the Toyota Scion tC2014 all posted acceptable ratings . The 2013 Cruze , Beetle and Chevy Sonic scored marginally , while the Sentra , the Kia Soul and Forte 2014 turned in poor marks . "  The small cars with marginal or poor ratings had some of the same structural and restraint system issues as other models we 've tested , " Zuby said . "  In the worst cases , safety cages collapsed , driver airbags moved sideways with unstable steering columns and the  test  dummy 's head hit the instrument panel . Side curtain airbags did n't deploy or did n't provide enough forward coverage to make a difference . All of this adds up to marginal or poor protection in a small overlap crash . " Automakers take special note of the IIHS trials because the group is backed by the insurance industry . The federal government conducts separate crash tests and posts its own safety ratings . It does not perform the overlap test , however . IIHS said the models with marginal or poor scores in the latest test are regular recipients of the group 's second-highest rating for overall safety -- Top Safety Pick . Kia said in a statement that it would "  carefully evaluate " the IIHS testing but notes that all of its cars sold in the United States meet or exceed federal safety standards . "  Maximizing occupant protection is complex and involves a diverse range of variables , and Kia is proud of its strong safety record and the integrity of its products , " the statement said , noting that the IIHS test "  goes well beyond " government requirements . Nissan also said that it would review the results of latest testing "  as we seek opportunities for improvement . " Volkswagen said in a statement that it is "  passionately committed to building the safest vehicles available to the public and has already begun to incorporate this latest knowledge into the design and engineering of our cars going forward . " GM also noted variables unique to each vehicle that are required to perform well in safety tests . "  We are aggressively working to incorporate these into our models -- including our small cars like the Chevrolet Sonic and Cruze -- where technically feasible , " GM said in a statement . IIHS plans to run the overlap test on minicars next . CNN 's Jasmin Hines contributed to this report .	Honda Civic posts highest score in new front-crash test by insurance group Ford Focus , Dodge Dart marginal in test , but match Civic for overall safety Chevy Cruze , Volkswagen Beetle lag , but still considered safe vehicles Automakers turning out small cars to meet consumer , government demands for fuel efficiency
CNN  -- A 64-year-old man already serving a life sentence for the murder of a woman in Georgia was convicted Tuesday of a similar murder in Florida . The jury in Tallahassee also found Gary Michael Hilton guilty on charges of kidnapping and grand theft in the murder of Cheryl Dunlap , said Florida State Attorney William Meggs . He was found not guilty of stealing the car belonging to the 46-year-old nurse , whose body was discovered in December 2007 in Apalachicola National Forest , southeast of Tallahassee , Meggs said . Hilton had previously been convicted of killing Meredith Emerson , a 24-year-old hiker whose naked , decapitated body was found in 2008 in the north Georgia mountains . Hilton directed authorities to her body and confessed to her kidnapping and murder .	Hilton was already serving a life sentence for the murder of a Georgia hiker Jury also finds him guilty of kidnapping , grand theft in murder of Cheryl Dunlap The body of the 46-year-old nurse was found in 2007 in Apalachicola National Forest
