CNN  -- Mardy Fish has criticized tennis authorities for halving the suspension handed out to fellow American player Wayne Odesnik for importing controlled drugs . Odesnik will be able to resume his career from December 29 after the International Tennis Federation conditionally canceled the second year of his ban following his cooperation with anti-doping officials . The 25-year-old pleaded guilty to importing human growth hormone into Australia at the start of last year , but is now free to play again when the 2011 season begins Down Under next month . The ITF said he had provided "  substantial assistance " to its anti-doping program , and that his requirement to do so is "  ongoing . " Fish described the ITF 's decision as "  a black eye for all of sport , not just tennis , " in quotes reported by U.S. newspaper USA Today . "  He 's a good player on enhanced substances . Let 's see if he can be a good player without them , " the world No. 16 said . Odesnik , who was born in South Africa but moved to the United States when young , has slipped from a career-high 77th to completely off the ATP Tour 's rankings list . "  I am thrilled that I can return to the game and compete in the sport about which I am truly passionate . I have learned a lot during my time away from competitive tennis and I now have even a greater appreciation for what a privilege it is to be a professional athlete , " Odesnik said in a statement . "  I want to take this opportunity to thank my family , true close friends and fans who have stood by me during this difficult time . I am deeply grateful and humbled by your support . "	Mardy Fish describe 's ITF 's decision on Wayne Odesnik as "  a black eye for all sport " Odesnik 's two-year suspension for importing HGH has been halved due to cooperation The ITF expects the 25-year-old to continue giving assistance to anti-doping officials The former world No. 77 is free to return to tennis from December 29
LONDON , England  CNN  -- London commuters crammed onto buses , scrambled for taxis , cycled or simply walked on Wednesday as a strike by Tube workers shut down most of the subway network . Commuters queue for packed buses in London on Wednesday morning . The strike began Tuesday at 7 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  but the first full effects were felt during Wednesday 's morning commute . The strike was set to last for 48 hours with a normal service resuming Friday morning , according to Transport for London  TfL  , which runs the city 's transportation network . The RMT trade union called the strike after talks with management over pay , job cuts , and disciplinary issues broke down . "  RMT does n't resort to industrial action lightly , " General Secretary Bob Crow said in a statement . "  The fact is that Tube workers have been driven into walking out today . " Transport Commissioner Peter Hardy said the talks had been making progress on all issues and he urged the RMT to return to the table . "  The RMT leadership says we were close to a deal , " Hardy said in a statement . "  If that is the case , then they should call off the strike , return to talks ... and resolve this issue without any more disruption to Londoners . " TfL was running extra buses and free shuttle services across the River Thames during the strike . Electronic travel cards used for the TfL network were temporarily being allowed on all train lines in greater London , it said . While most services on the Tube were shut because of the strike , one line -- the Northern line -- was running normally and five others were running on a reduced schedule , TfL said . "  It 's been really good , " a girl on Oxford Street told CNN about her commute . "  The Northern line is running perfectly . " Still , some bus services were packed with commuters who normally ride the underground trains or who failed to find a taxi . "  I think we 'd all like to strike for more money , but unfortunately we ca n't , " said one woman at Oxford Circus , where the Tube is closed . Others hit the pavement and walked . "  It 's OK -- quite refreshing , " said a man on Regent Street . He said he had just walked from Liverpool Street Station , a train station as well as a Tube stop that is more than 2.5 miles away . The RMT represents about half of the 20,000 employees on the Tube , a TfL spokeswoman said . Other unions including Unite and TSSA represent the rest , she said , and were not on strike .	London transport system crippled as Tube workers go on strike Normal service not due to resume until Friday morning Buses crammed with commuters ; many chose to cycle , walk to work RMT trade union called strike in dispute over pay , job cuts , disciplinary issues
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- One of two men set to go on trial for homosexual acts in Uganda has been granted bail in the first case since the nation adopted tough anti-gay laws . After almost five months without trial , Jackson Mukasa , 26 , a market vendor , received bail Wednesday after fulfilling conditions for his release . His co-defendant , Hakim Mukisa , 19 , a student , is still in jail because he 's not met residency conditions for bail . Mukisa has yet to get his passport stamped by authorities in his suburb of Kampala . The stamp is a court requirement to verify his residence because he does not have an identification card . Their trial is set to start on June 12 before a court in the capital , Kampala . "  They are being accused of carnal knowledge against the order of nature . It is the law of sodomy under Section 145 of the penal code , " said their lawyer , Ladislaus Rwakafuzi . "  We will be contesting the charges because a similar law is being contested in the Constitutional Court , " Rwakafuzi said , referring to a petition seeking to nullify the anti-gay law that President Yoweri Museveni signed in February . The law toughens penalties against gay people and defines some homosexual acts as crimes punishable by life in prison . The law 's harsh punishment for gays and lesbians has drawn international attention to Uganda . The men are not being charged under that law because it 's under appeal , said Adrian Jjuuko , executive director of the Human Rights Awareness and Promotion Forum , a Ugandan human rights group . Instead , they 're being prosecuted under a 1950 law . "  We will also ask the magistrates court to dismiss the matter , for there is no complainant . These are grounds we will be putting forward for the accused to be set free , " Rwakafuzi told journalists shortly after securing their long-awaited bail . The case attracted attention from the media and local gay community , which found lawyers for the men jailed since December . Their relatives and friends were part of crowd in the small courtroom Wednesday afternoon . Another suspect , Chris Mubiru , awaits trial for allegedly possessing video showing him in homosexual acts with young men . The former manager of the Cranes national football team was granted bail in February . His trial will be held in the same courtroom . Uganda president : Homosexuals are ` disgusting ' Ugandan tabloid prints list of ` homosexuals ' Opinion : Is Africa the most homophobic continent ?	Jackson Mukasa received bail after fulfilling conditions for his release His co-defendant Hakim Mukisa remains in jail Their trial is set to start on June 12
CNN  -- In November 2010 , I watched "  HBO 's Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel " and saw a piece on the hazing antics at several historically black colleges and fraternities . I took to Twitter to share my thoughts on the issue . Much of the report focused on Southern University , and man , did the floodgates open as a number of students from the university angrily tweeted me back , cussing , yelling and screaming , with some defending hazing , while others were angry at the national attention focused on their university . For hours we went round and round , and were joined in the discussion by members of several black fraternities , including my own Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. . A number of these individuals actually supported hazing , or "  pledging hard " and not becoming a "  paper " member who "  skated " into the fraternity . Despite the anger and vitriol , I refused to back down , making it clear that getting beaten for being in a band or fraternity was absolutely dumb . One year later , when news of the death of Florida A&M University drum major Robert Champion became public , I immediately thought of that discussion and those folks who viewed hazing as a ritual worthy of continuing . Here was a young man who went off to college , planning to earn a college degree while leading one of the nation 's most colorful and exciting bands , only to be returned home to his parents in Georgia in a coffin . While hazing immediately was suspected , we could only speculate about the cause of the 26-year-old 's death . That is , until Friday , when the medical examiner released details of his autopsy , concluding that Champion "  collapsed and died within an hour of a hazing incident during which he suffered multiple blunt trauma blows to his body . " News of the death has rocked the Florida A&M campus , angering its students and alumni , triggering multiple state investigations and leading Gov. Rick Scott to call for the suspension of school President James Ammons . That prompted FAMU students to march to the governor 's mansion on Friday and camp out on his lawn , demanding he rescind the resignation call . Champion 's death is n't the first time we have seen individuals in a band or fraternity die . It is incredible that some folks have given their lives -- literally -- for just being a part of a student group . State laws have been passed , organizations have been kicked off campuses and national fraternal and sorority groups have paid millions in settlements because of hazing , but we continue to see these stories . "  Why ? " is a consistent question that is asked , and at the end of the day , it boils down to power and a desire to demand others kowtow to someone else 's demands in order for them to be accepted . A decision not to follow through means you can be ostracized , ignored and marginalized . That 's the last thing any young person wants to experience when in an organization . Every one of these organizations is overseen by adult leaders or advisers . But in truth , fellow students run the show . Normally in a band , a drum major sits at the top of the food chain , but Champion clearly had to bend to the band 's culture to be fully accepted as a member of FAMU 's "  Marching 100 . " So what you have is a bunch of students between the ages of 18 and 22 calling the shots and making it clear who is accepted and who is n't , who gets in and who does n't . You aim to please them and no one else . Oftentimes they are leading based on how they were led , and it has been indoctrinated into them that this is the way of life , take it or leave it . These are powerful forces that can only be changed by peers . Hazing will only be brought to a close when members of organizations make it clear the vile hazing traditions will not go forward . No one today can be hazed if the student leaders make it clear that it 's unacceptable . Yet because of the natural turnover in student organizations , that mindset has to be created and passed on for it to succeed . When I was about to pledge Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. in spring 1989 , I met with my four other pledge brothers and made it clear : I 'm not getting hit , I will never use alcohol and I will not agree to be hazed . Even though my older brother pledged the same fraternity at Texas A&M two years earlier without any nonsense , I was making it clear that such shenanigans were idiotic . All five of us agreed and in the four weeks , two days , 16 hours , 38 minutes and 39 seconds I was on line  yea , having to recite such specifics was a part of our process  , the behavior that we often heard was associated with pledging did n't exist . Yet because of that , we were n't always as accepted by other fraternity members at other campuses . Our chapter was called soft ; we were criticized as not "  pledging the right way " and had to constantly defend our manhood . Me , I did n't give a damn . I would look others in the eye and say , "  In the history of our chapter , only one brother has failed to graduate , and we do nothing with him . Are you guys on the six - or seven-year plan , and can you match our graduate rate ? " From my perspective , we were supposed to be in college to graduate , not to pledge . And if my fraternity was founded as a study group at Cornell University on December 4 , 1906 , why would we eschew academics ? Even though we pledged the right way at Texas A&M , that peer pressure was still unbearable for some . That summer at our national convention in San Antonio , hazing was on the agenda , and I made it clear I was going to speak . Some other brothers in my chapter pulled my coattails and said , "  Do n't tell the brothers you did n't take any wood  that 's being paddled  . " I yelled , "  If we pledged brothers the right way , why in the hell are we afraid to say it ? " Since those days , I 've never wavered from my anti-hazing position . It is deplorable and shameful to think that someone would beat another person for them to prove something . Prove what ? They can take a punch ? No . I prefer to challenge his mind , his intellect . Our goal as fraternity men is to take young men and mold and shape them to be better men . It is not our aim to take young men and train them to be collegiate mercenaries , hellbent on inflicting as much pain as they got onto the first person they have control over . Is there tremendous value in fraternities , sororities , bands and student organizations ? Absolutely . The leadership opportunities are tremendous , and the lifelong relationships are vital . But what has to be preached and preached and preached to every student , whether they are white , black , Asian , Latino , male or female , is that if they love that frat , sorority , drill team or band , they should n't do anything to jeopardize it for the next person . Do we need tougher hazing laws ? Yes . Do we need universities to take punitive action , including kicking students out who break the rules ? Yes . Do we need national organizations to ban chapters for years for egregious behavior ? Absolutely . Should fellow student leaders turn in others who break the rules and haze ? Of course . There must be a zero tolerance attitude from every state official , administrator , student leader and organization member . To hell with tradition , rituals and "  the way we do things . " All that must end . Now . But we also must raise a generation of young people who have enough confidence in themselves to say , "  I will not take a beating just to be accepted by you . I 'd rather not have your affection or support if it means putting my life on the line . " And if that means other students calling you out or teasing you , fine . I 'd rather you talk about me like a dog today than be hazed and have my friends search to figure out what to say at my funeral . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin says he has long been opposed to hazing The death of a university band member has raised the topic again , he notes A zero tolerance policy on hazing is needed now , Martin says
CNN  -- They 've taken contrasting routes to the Wimbledon final , have very different styles of play and polar opposite personalities , but Sabine Lisicki and Marion Bartoli will have one thing in common on Saturday afternoon on the famous Centre Court . Both will be searching for a maiden grand slam title -- the ultimate validation of their undoubted talents . Lisicki , who put out defending champion Serena Williams , the biggest upset in a tournament of massive upsets , also dispatched former grand slam champions Francesca Schiavone and Samantha Stosur en route to her first final at this level . Read : Serena stunned by Germany 's Lisicki 15th seed Bartoli came through almost unnoticed before thrashing Belgium 's Kirsten Flipkens , herself a relative unknown , in the semifinal . Lisicki has a booming all-court game , which has earned her the tag "  Doris " -- a reference to its similarity of the style of German legend Boris Becker . The three-time Wimbledon champion is also an admirer : "  Sabine Lisicki rocks , " Becker tweeted as she beat fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska in another three set nail biter in the semifinals . Bartoli 's game is definitely not for the purist , with her own unique service action and double handed thumps on both wings . It 's not pretty but effective as seven WTA career titles testify . In the 2007 Wimbledon semifinal she played Justine Henin , possessor of a classic backhand and No. 1 seed at the time . She lost the first set lamely and trailed the Belgian in the second . Commentators were already lamenting the one-sided nature of the match before Bartoli confounded her critics to pull off a stunning upset . She lost to Venus Williams in the final , but the experience may prove a big advantage . Lisicki will look to ride the wave of support which has greeted her march to the title match . The 23-year-old has earned the affection of the crowds with her outgoing and cheerful personality . She has played with a permanent smile on her face even when apparently slipping to defeat against Williams and Radwanska . Wrapping up match point against the seemingly invincible Williams , she collapsed to the turf in joyful sobs . Her place in the affections of the fans was sealed . "  I love Wimbledon , " she beamed after beating Radwanska and the feeling is mutual . Bartoli is an engaging eccentric , who reportedly brooded for months after taking the brave decision to dispense with the services of her father Walter as her coach . Former World No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo has taken the job and is credited with damping down the inner turmoil which can undermine Bartoli 's best efforts . So relaxed was the 28-year-old that she admitted to taking a half hour cat nap just before dispatching Flipkens . When asked about it , Bartoli replied "  I 'm French , " as if it offered an explanation for her unusual slumbers . It remains to be seen if the prospect of facing the lower ranked 23rd seed Lisicki in the biggest match of their careers will ruffle her newly found sang-froid . Lisicki has won three of their four matches , including a three-set quarterfinal match at Wimbledon in 2011 as the German first made her mark on her favorite grass . But Bartoli 's single win over her came at Wimbledon back in 2008 . It 's certainly a final which absolutely nobody predicted at the start of the fortnight with bookmakers offering odds of 1500 to 1 on its prospect . There were clearly few takers with the safe bets on another Serena Williams -- Maria Sharapova showdown before the shocks started on the first Wednesday . Lisicki will be looking to become the first German to win a grand slam since Steffi Graf won her 22nd and final major at the 1999 French Open . Graf sent her a good luck text before she beat Radwanska . Perhaps it 's fate , but the last French success at this level came to Bartoli 's new mentor Mauresmo back in 2006 when she won two slams . Both finalists have had to overcome setbacks to reach the ultimate stage . Lisicki suffered a career threatening ankle injury in 2009 , while Bartoli 's recent slump in form and loss of confidence this year had seen her fail to go past the quarterfinal stage in any tournament before Wimbledon . It 's safe to say that victory come Saturday tea time will change the life of one these young women forever as they claim their place in the tennis record books .	Sabine Lisicki and Marion Bartoli contest women 's final at Wimbledon Both searching for first grand slam title Bartoli beaten by Venus Williams in the 2007 final Lisicki put out defending champion Serena Williams in fourth round
CNN  -- A tropical weather system has moved into the Atlantic from the Caribbean and is near the southeastern Bahamas , according to the National Hurricane Center . But the chance the system will become a tropical depression or storm is somewhat less than before . The center now says the system has a "  medium " chance of developing into a depression or storm over the next two days . It puts the odds at 40 percent . It 's still causing drenching rain and gusty winds for several hundred miles to the east , affecting the Virgin Islands , Puerto Rico , Haiti and the Dominican Republic . The severe weather will probably spread over the Bahamas and Turks and Caicos during the next couple of days , possibly causing life-threatening flash floods and mudslides in mountainous areas , the forecast said . And as the system moves generally westward , at 10 to 15 miles an hour , a big question is how it will affect efforts to contain the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . CNN Meteorologist Sean Morris says forecast models show the tropical wave moving into the Bahamas and across southern Florida this weekend and then re-emerging in the northeastern Gulf . U.S. and BP officials are contemplating trying to permanently seal the crippled well by pumping mud into it through a technique called "  static kill , " but the timing could be influenced by what the weather does . Bad weather could send ships at the well site back to shore . It also could disrupt booms intended to keep the oil from reaching shore and send skimming ships that collect oil on the surface back to port . Retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , who 's in charge of the U.S. effort , says that if the system becomes a storm , containment and work on a relief well , considered the permanent solution , could be thrown off schedule anywhere from 10 to 14 days . Meanwhile , Caribbean islands have been coping with a deluge of rain . Melina Simeonides , a spokeswoman for Puerto Rico Emergency Management , said the weather forced some road closures . Video from CNN 's Univision affiliate in the U.S. territory showed streets overwhelmed by rushing water and some giant sinkholes . CNN 'S Jackie Castillo contributed to this report	NEW : Forecasters lower odds of weather system developing into storm Weather system moves into Atlantic from Caribbean Questions loom about impact on work on BP oil well The Virgin Islands , Puerto Rico and Hispaniola have been getting heavy rains
CNN  -- For some reason , moviemakers have n't been falling over themselves to glorify the exciting and heroic lives of bike messengers -- which at least leaves director David Koepp with a clear field . And if it 's a two-wheeled , pedal-powered adrenaline charge you 're after , this is definitely the movie to watch . Yes , the plot is contrived and stretched much too thin . Yes , the characters are strictly off the peg . And yes , this flick is essentially a one-trick pony . But at least it 's something different . "  Premium Rush " is loaded with on-road action , scarcely pausing for breath as courier Wilee  Joseph Gordon-Levitt  criss-crosses Manhattan on his austere steel-frame , fixed-gear , no-brakes bone-rattler . Wilee takes his handle from the Coyote , but he 's got more in common with Road Runner , zipping through the city 's canyons , slaloming around cabs and pedestrians , oblivious to red lights and traffic regulations . Gordon-Levitt 's an attractive and engaging actor , but motorists may find it challenging to overlook this guy 's reckless and self-centered road sense , which is dressed up here as your typical Zen-existential-death-wish trip . The Coyote role -- one Robert Monday -- falls to Hollywood 's current go-to crazy , Michael Shannon  "  Take Shelter , " "  Boardwalk Empire "  , who sucks up all the juiciest dialogue as a guy with impulse control issues . He 's after an envelope that Wilee is delivering downtown -- it really does n't matter why -- and he 's not going to take no for an answer . Frankly , I 'd have liked to have spent more time with this unhinged brother to the "  Bad Lieutenant . " I mean , who did n't wish the Coyote got his bird just once ? Koepp , who also wrote the screenplay with John Kamps , ramps up the velocity with low camera angles , speeded-up photography and a rag-bag of digital add-ons . Wilee plots intersections with a kind of mental Streetview , calculating potential wipeouts and collisions like Sherlock Holmes armed with a GPS . This souped-up visual gimmickry is eye-catching but as empty and artificial as Koepp 's story , which skates over several glaring coincidences and absurdities on what must be the unluckiest day in Wilee 's life . It does n't have to be "  Bicycle Thieves , " but a more nuts and bolts approach to physical reality would n't have hurt : fewer impossible jumps , more hard landings . I can readily believe that a cyclist could stay a step ahead of a car on Manhattan 's crowded streets -- just as well , as the movie is essentially a series of long chase scenes stuck end to end - but a modicum of consistency would be nice . One minute , Wilee is racing hell for leather to evade a bike cop ; the next , he 's parking outside a police station to report the bug-eyed motorist trying to turn him into roadkill . Probably to satisfy the moneymen , and maybe to spin out his slim 75-minute story to an hour and a half , Koepp also throws in a romantic subplot . It 's an unnecessary distraction from the business at hand . Koepp shifts backward and forward in time when it suits him , but altogether too much of the romantic sparring takes place on the hands-free as Wilee and Vanessa  Dania Ramirez  hurtle in different directions . Trust me : That heavy breathing you hear has nothing to do with sex . An unpretentious throwback to the kind of action movie that had no need of superheroes , "  Premium Rush " is hardly a classic but fun up to a point , and it 's a B movie for gearheads with no bells and whistles .	"  Premium Rush " is centered around a group of New York bike messengers Joseph Gordon-Levit 's character , Wilee , appears to have a bit of a death wish There is also a romantic subplot involving Wilee and another of the bikers
Saying he had no discretion under state law , a judge sentenced a Jacksonville , Florida , woman to 20 years in prison Friday for firing a warning shot in an effort to scare off her abusive husband . Marissa Alexander unsuccessfully tried to use Florida 's controversial "  stand your ground " law to derail the prosecution , but a jury in March convicted her of aggravated assault after just 12 minutes of deliberation . The case , which was prosecuted by the same state attorney who is handling the Trayvon Martin case , has gained the attention of civil rights leaders who say the African-American woman was persecuted because of her race . After the sentencing , Rep. Corrine Brown confronted State Attorney Angela Corey in the hallway , accusing her of being overzealous , according to video from CNN affiliate WJXT . "  There is no justification for 20 years , " Brown told Corey during an exchange frequently interrupted by onlookers . "  All the community was asking for was mercy and justice , " she said . Corey said she had offered Alexander a plea bargain that would have resulted in a three-year prison sentence , but Alexander chose to take the case to a jury trial , where a conviction would carry a mandatory sentence under a Florida law known as "  10-20-life . " The law mandates increased penalties for some felonies , including aggravated assault , in which a gun is carried or used . Corey said the case deserved to be prosecuted because Alexander fired in the direction of a room where two children were standing . Alexander said she was attempting to flee her husband , Rico Gray , on August 1 , 2010 , when she picked up a handgun and fired a shot into a wall . She said her husband had read cell phone text messages that she had written to her ex-husband , got angry and tried to strangle her . She said she escaped and ran to the garage , intending to drive away . But , she said , she forgot her keys , so she picked up her gun and went back into the house . She said her husband threatened to kill her , so she fired one shot . "  I believe when he threatened to kill me , that 's what he was absolutely going to do , " she said . "  That 's what he intended to do . Had I not discharged my weapon at that point , I would not be here . " Alexander 's attorneys tried to use the state law that allows people to use potentially deadly force anywhere they feel reasonably threatened with serious harm or death . But a previous judge in the case rejected the request , saying Alexander 's decision to go back into the house was not consistent with someone in fear for her safety , according to the Florida Times Union newspaper . A jury convicted Alexander in March and Judge James Daniel denied her request for a new trial in April . Daniel handed down the sentence Friday after an emotional sentencing hearing during which Alexander 's parents , 11-year-old daughter and pastor spoke on her behalf . Several people had to be escorted from the courtroom after breaking out singing and chanting about a perceived lack of justice in the case , but Daniel made a point to say that he had no choice under state law . "  Under the state 's 10-20-life law , a conviction for aggravated assault where a firearm has been discharged carries a minimum and maximum sentence of 20 years without regarding to any extenuating or mitigating circumstances that may be present , such as those in this case , " Daniel said . Brown , the Jacksonville congresswoman , told reporters after the sentencing that the case was a product of "  institutional racism . " "  She was overcharged by the prosecutor . Period , " Brown said . "  She never should have been charged . " Brown has been more complimentary about Corey 's work in the Trayvon Martin case , where her office filed second degree murder charges against neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman in the February 26 death of the unarmed African-American teen-ager . That case provoked nationwide protests demanding Zimmerman 's arrest after an initial police investigation released him under the "  stand your ground " law .	A judge issues a 20-year sentence to woman who fired warning shot inside her house Judge James Daniel says he had no choice in the sentence Marissa Alexander says she fired the warning shot to fend off her abusive husband A congresswoman confronts prosecutor Angela Corey after the sentencing
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Grammy-winning rapper Coolio was charged Tuesday with possession of cocaine and a smoking device , and battery against an airport screener who allegedly found the illegal drugs in his luggage , according to the Los Angeles District Attorney 's office . Coolio 's "  Gangsta 's Paradise " was used in the movie "  Dangerous Minds . " Coolio -- whose real name is Artis Leon Ivey Jr. -- was arrested Friday while attempting to board a flight at Los Angeles International Airport , the office said in a written statement . "  At one point , Ivey allegedly grabbed a screener 's arm to prevent the search , " the statement said . Coolio , 45 , was freed on bail and ordered to appear in court for arraignment April 3 , it said . He is best known for his 1995 hip-hop hit "  Gangsta 's Paradise . " Efforts to reach his publicist were unsuccessful .	Grammy winner Coolio arrested at Los Angeles International Airport He is accused of possessing illegal drugs , paraphernalia Police say he grabbed screener 's arm to prevent search of luggage
CNN  -- The United States is condemning the destruction of two more tombs in northern Mali as international outrage grows over Islamist militants ' attacks on historic and religious landmarks in the nation . Islamists ordered residents to leave the area and started razing the tombs in Timbuktu this week , witnesses said . "  They were shooting in the air to warn people of going near and entering the area , " local resident Allimam Oumar said of the Tuesday attacks . "  The militants think the shrines are idolatrous . " The tombs -- a common feature on Timbuktu postcards -- are the latest in attacks on landmarks listed as U.N. World Heritage sites . Opinion : Timbuktu tomb attack is an attack on our humanity Islamic militants have gone on a rampage for months , destroying sacred tombs in the city and vowing to target more . In May , elderly men kept watch over the main library after Islamists burned a different tomb in another attack in Timbuktu . "  We are outraged by the continued destruction of these World Heritage sites and the ongoing intimidation of local populations , " said Victoria Nuland , a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department . "  We ... call for all parties to protect this invaluable cultural heritage for future generations . This is an assault not just on Mali but on the heritage of all Africans . " Chaos have rocked Mali since a military ruler overthrew the democratically-elected president in March , shaking one of West Africa 's most stable democracies . The coup leader stepped down in May and transferred power to a civilian transitional government , but uncertainty looms . Ethnic Tuareg rebels and other Islamist militants have taken advantage of the uncertainty to seize control of the northern portion of the country , including Timbuktu . Ansar Dine , an al Qaeda-linked group claiming control of the city , is blamed for the attacks on historical landmarks . The picturesque city of Timbuktu is considered an important destination for Islamic scholars , and features ancient and prominent burial sites . Islamist militants regard such shrines as idolatrous and thus prohibited in their religion . They especially target Sufi shrines , which they believe are sacrilegious . Sufism is a mystical dimension of Islam considered offbeat and frowned upon by Islamic hardliners . The Sufis , who brought Islam to much of sub-Saharan Africa , dance , pray and preach using drama and humor . In a similar attack in 2001 , the Taliban destroyed ancient Buddhist relics in Afghanistan . Mali separatists ready to act over destruction of tombs Experts say the mud and wooden structures dating to the 15th century are at the heart of Timbuktu 's culture . "  Timbuktu is no ordinary town . The fabled "  City of 333 Saints " is an ancient desert crossroads and a historic seat of Islamic learning and faith , " said Irina Bokova , who heads the U.N. cultural body , UNESCO . Attacks on such landmarks translates to the loss of history and the values associated with such sites , according to Bokova . "  It is an attack against the physical evidence that peace and dialogue is possible . This is condemned uniformly by religious leaders across the world , " she said . Last week , the United Nations called for sanctions against the Islamist fighters and warned it is considering a proposal by West Africa states to deploy troops in the troubled country . It also urged U.N. member states to submit names of those with ties to al Qaeda in northern Mali . West African leaders proposed plans to deploy troops from member states to Mali , but the Security Council said it needs more details before it can make a decision on the request . The transitional government has said it is working toward restoring stability in the north . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report	NEW : Islamist militants regard such shrines as idolatrous and thus prohibited NEW : The landmark sites are at the heart of Timbuktu 's culture and are featured in postcards The attacks are the latest targeting historic landmarks in northern Mali In May , elderly men kept watch over other sites after militants burned another tomb
CNN  -- This week , "  American Idol " Season 10 winner Scotty McCreery releases his debut album , "  Clear as Day . " As one would expect , the record 's 12 songs feature his deep crooning voice paired with lyrics about new love and small town aspirations . Fans of the teen should come away satisfied with this first effort , in that it 's pretty much what one might expect from a young musician with a gifted voice who one day found himself with a sizable record advance and access to coveted Nashville session players . The 17-year-old McCreery is juggling his senior year of high school this fall along with promoting his album . So just how exactly does that work ? CNN spoke with McCreery from his home in Garner , North Carolina , about just that as well as young love , and what drink he will walk miles to enjoy . CNN : You 're just starting your senior year in high school . What 's the class schedule like ? Scotty McCreery : They did n't want me to have the first block because they did n't want me to be a distraction to kids getting to school . So I go in the second block and am there for the rest of the day . Next semester 's going to be the tough one . I have AP English and all that jazz . CNN : How 's this work : You go on the "  American Idol " tour , have amazing catering and then have to come back to cafeteria food ? McCreery :  Laughs  Yeah , the catering was amazing on the tour ... I probably gained a few pounds I 'll have to run off . But they let us go off campus , the juniors and seniors ; we have a really big school and the cafeteria ca n't fit us all in there . We go out to Bojangles or Chick-fil-A . But we had Mexican food today , El Dorado 's . CNN : Tell me about recording "  Clear as Day . " McCreery : Oh yeah , it was a lot of fun . It was kind of like the traveling studio , you know . We started off in Nashville and recorded a bunch of songs and once we got the tracks laid down , when I was on tour , whatever city I was in we 'd stop by a studio and they 'd bring the equipment from Nashville and we 'd lay down some vocals and then on to the next . CNN : Looking back , does the record evoke certain themes ? McCreery : Yeah , we were talking about this today , actually . It 's got a cool thing about love . Not necessarily the boy-girl love or anything ; it talks about everyday love , it talks about family love with kids and parents , love with loss , love for my hometown on "  Water Tower Town . " It 's not necessarily one theme of love , but it 's got a lot of influences . It 's a cool way that I like to think of it . CNN : It 's very much rooted in what someone you 're age would be going through : Summer love , figuring out girls , football games . McCreery : For me , an emotion is an emotion , whether you 're 70 or 17 . At 70 , you might have much more experience with it and know a little bit more about it , but if a 17 year old says they have a broken heart , in my eyes , they have one . CNN : And those are some of the worst kinds . McCreery : Oh , they 're horrible , absolutely horrible . CNN : Some country records are riddled with clichÃ © s ; how do you avoid those ? McCreery : The whole clichÃ © thing people think about country music , you know , "  drinking with the boys " it is n't country music at all . Country music is real and talks about real-life situations and I think with this record we did that . There 's a song called "  Back on the Ground " and it can talk about a college student or someone like me , where you want to get of town and go live life but then when you 're at it for awhile , you ca n't wait to get back . I 've been at home for maybe 10 days since February and any time I can get a chance to get home , it 's a blessing . CNN : Does going into this genre after "  American Idol " give you a leg up versus other people coming out of that show that make a pop or an R&B record ? McCreery : You know , I 'm not so sure exactly on that . But country fans are really loyal and they were really supportive of me . I did n't do the honky-tonk in the traditional way , but now , I 'm the newbie in country music . I was the "  American Idol " and all that , but now I 'm making the transition and I 'm low down the ranks . Just like the senior in high school who becomes the freshman in college . I got to work hard and hopefully get my sea legs and stay around for a bit . CNN : Obviously , your voice is the bread and butter . How do you take care of it these days ? McCreery : On the road it was tough , singing every night and talking a lot . We had this thing called Throat Coat that we 'd drink a lot . Anytime I do n't have to be yellin ' or talking , I 'm trying to ease off on it . I 'm using it a lot and I do n't want to hurt it . It 's my instrument . CNN : You mentioned the song "  Water Tower Town " -- it might be one of the only songs that gives a shout out to sweet tea . McCreery : I think that was the only one . I was the guy on ` Idol ' that walked six miles to -LSB- get some tea -RSB- . There was a time that I was going to go to McDonald 's because that was the only place in California you could find sweet tea . I took a right instead of a left , and I ended up walking six miles to get some sweet tea . I kept thinking as I was walking "  Man this is a long mile . "	Season 10 "  American Idol " winner Scotty McCreery has a debut album The 17-year-old singer will juggle promoting his new album with his senior year McCreery says "  country music is real "
CNN  -- It 's a first-world problem of epic proportions , and the couch potatoes of the Web are n't pleased . Just before midnight Tuesday , a dispute between satellite provider DirecTV and mass-media company Viacom led to nearly 20 million customers losing access to 26 channels Viacom owns . On social media Wednesday , it seemed like a good chunk of those millions were lashing out , telling the world that they want their MTV ... or Nickelodeon ... or VH1 , Spike , BET and Comedy Central . "  When my son cant watch ` The Backyardigans ' tomorrow he might call DirecTV himself , " Atlanta Falcons All-Pro cornerback Brent Grimes posted on Twitter , referring to the Nickelodeon animated series . Some less-famous Twitter users turned to humor , and Jay-Z lyrics , to address the situation . "  If you got DirecTV I feel bad for you son , I got 999 channels and you just lost some ! " tweeted user "  Ezel From Friday . " And like any good dispute in the Twitter-and-Facebook age , the two principals cranked up an online fight of their own . Viacom retweeted several posts blaming DirecTV for the blackout , many from stars of shows that air on the affected channels . It also used the site to accuse DirecTV of refusing to negotiate . DirecTV , in turn , hammered home its case , saying Viacom wants to raise the price of the channels , which would in turn create more expensive service for subscribers . It shared a link to its own version of the dispute and a post saying it hopes "  to reach an agreement soon & keep your bill low . " Both companies also were sharing their side with fans on Facebook , where customers were responding with hundreds of often-angry comments . "  This is ridiculous , I 've only had DirecTv for 6 months and this is the SECOND time that we 've lost channels that we watch on a regular basis , " one fan of DirecTV 's Facebook page wrote . "  Get your stuff together and get it settled BEFORE it affects us as customers . It 's very unprofessional . I will be canceling once my contract is up . " On its own page , Viacom took a bit of a cheap shot Wednesday afternoon , posting an image of Nickelodeon cartoon favorite SpongeBob SquarePants with this text : "  Who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? I do n't know . I have DirecTV . " More than a few Facebook fans were n't amused by the stunt . "  WOW , Viacom ! You win the crown for King of corporate -LSB- expletive -RSB- s ! " one of them wrote . "  My kids are upset because they ca n't watch Spongebob anymore after you rubbed it in their faces with that lousy commercial you came up with to HURT their feelings and make Directtv look like a bunch of -LSB- expletive -RSB- s and now here you are making a joke about it . YOU SUCK !!!!! " Of course , neither company has the chops to talk smack like a pro wrestler . Grappling legend Hulk Hogan appears on "  TNA Wrestling Impact , " which airs on Spike . He took to YouTube in a video that makes up in intensity what it lacks in nuance . "  I 've had a world of piledriving punishment dished out to me , brother , but I 've never been hurt like I am right now since I heard that DirecTV dropped Spike , " he says in the video , which had only a modest 3,200 views as of midday Wednesday . Some complaints , of course , were perhaps more self-aware than others . "  Dear Direct TV ... I want my expensive service to include all the channels I once had . Thanks , " read one tweet . Who was that complaining about having to pay so much for blacked-out satellite service ? Reality-TV star , NBA wife and millionaire heiress Khloe Kardashian . So , what are subscribers to do while the two entertainment titans hash out the dispute ? Here are a few alternatives : Web services like Hulu Plus offer the current seasons of many TV offerings , with episodes appearing shortly after they air . Comedy Central 's "  South Park " and "  The Daily Show " and The CW 's "  Supernatural " are just a few of the top offerings listed under Hulu 's "  Currently On Air " feature . And right now , Hulu is offering a free one-week trial -- so if you get lucky , you might be able to ride out the spat without paying anything extra  Khloe Kardashian , take note  . Amazon , Netflix and other providers offer current TV series as well . So , worst-case scenario , even if you ca n't get the latest episode of your current favorites , you can review past seasons or catch up on those shows you 've been meaning to check out .	Subscribers take to Web to bemoan DirecTV Viacom blackout A total of 26 channels went dark shortly before midnight Tuesday Stars of shows on the networks led the social-media charge complaining Web TV alternatives could tide viewers over until the spat is resolved
CNN  -- A U.S. airstrike in Syria appears to have killed a key French jihadist who is part of the militant Khorasan Group , a U.S. defense official said Thursday morning . The strike happened overnight Wednesday near Idlib , according to the official , who has access to the latest information about the strikes . The U.S. military fired at a vehicle it believed carried David Drugeon , a skilled bomb-maker in his 20s who also has ties to core al Qaeda members in Pakistan , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The Khorasan Group is made up of senior al Qaeda leaders who have moved into Syria . Later Thursday morning , the U.S. military 's Central Command announced that five U.S. airstrikes targeted the Khorasan Group in Syria on Wednesday night . Drugeon was not mentioned in the announcement . But the command said that it has "  initial indications that  the strikes  resulted in the intended effects . " The airstrikes hit terrorists and destroyed or severely damaged several Khorasan Group vehicles and buildings , the command said in a news release . The military said it believes the buildings were used for meetings , bomb-making and training . The strikes happened in the area of Sarmada , Syria , the military said . Sarmada is about 18 miles  30 kilometers  northeast of Idlib . The United States targeted the Khorasan Group with a series of strikes in Syria in September . Those attacks came amid intelligence that suggested the group was plotting against a target in the U.S. homeland as well as other Western targets , a senior U.S. official told CNN at the time . Converted bomb-maker 's beginnings Dangerous operative Intelligence indicated that Khorasan was in the final stages of planning terrorist attacks in the West , including against American aviation . Sources said that among the devices Khorasan 's bomb-makers were developing to try to beat airport security were bombs made out of clothing dipped in explosive solution and explosives concealed in personal electronics . U.S. officials told CNN 's Barbara Starr and Pamela Brown in October that Drugeon may have been actively involved in these efforts , which also involved technology transfers from al Qaeda 's master bomb-maker in Yemen , Ibrahim al Asiri . In July , the Transportation Security Administration banned cell phones without electronic charge from airplane cabins in response to the intelligence , much of it fragmentary , that was coming in on the plans . Drugeon 's knowledge of explosives , European background and access to Western fighters in Syria makes him arguably one of the most dangerous operatives in the entire global al Qaeda network . Path to radicalization Drugeon was born in 1989 in a blue-collar and immigrant neighborhood dotted with social housing on the outskirts of Vannes on the Atlantic coast of Brittany , according to Eric Pelletier , a reporter with L'Express who has extensively reported on Drugeon and shared his findings with CNN . By all accounts , Drugeon had a very normal childhood . His father was a bus driver and his mother a secretary and committed Catholic . He had an elder brother who shared his passion for the French soccer team Olympic Marseilles and he got good grades at school . But like a significant number of others who later took the path to radicalization , his parents ' divorce when he was 13 was traumatic . Drugeon began acting out , and his grades at school nosedived . He began hanging out with a group of young Muslims in the neighborhood who espoused a fundamentalist interpretation of Islam . Before he turned 14 he converted , changing his name to Daoud . "  Drugeon was radicalized over a period of several years . A local imam played a key role . He was part of group of about a half-dozen Salafi Muslims in the town , " Pelletier told CNN . By 2010 , Drugeon was on the radar screen of French security services and had made several trips to Egypt to learn Arabic and more about Islam . He funded the trips by taking driving jobs . In April that year , he slipped away from France for good , traveling via Cairo for the tribal areas of Pakistan , to join the jihad against U.S. forces in Afghanistan . Journey to Syria According to Pelletier , French intelligence established that Drugeon joined a small al Qaeda subgroup known as Jund-al-Khilafah , based in the Miran Shah area . Drugeon first learned how to make bombs in the tribal areas of Pakistan , and over time became skilled in making explosives . He took on a new fighting name "  Souleiman " and made several forays into Afghanistan , according to Pelletier . Drugeon is believed to have left Pakistan sometime in 2013 or very early 2014 , and to have traveled to Syria to join up with the Khorasan group . A significant number of al Qaeda operatives were making the same journey , convinced that Syria now offered a better sanctuary away from the sight lines of U.S. drones . U.S. officials told CNN they believe Drugeon has been heavily involved in facilitating the movement of fighters to and from Europe , and in planning attacks in Europe .	U.S. military says five airstrikes against Khorasan Group apparently had "  intended effects " Official : A U.S. airstrike in Syria appears to have killed French bomb-maker David Drugeon Drugeon is part of the militant Khorasan Group ; also has ties to al Qaeda in Pakistan Drugeon converted to Islam as a teenager ; traveled to Pakistan , then Syria
Devecser , Hungary  CNN  -- The Hungarian government Thursday made an urgent request to the European Union for help in the cleanup effort after a reservoir holding industrial waste burst earlier in the week . The government wants expert assistance in three villages left covered by the toxic red sludge after the accident Monday , the official news agency MTI reported . Meanwhile , the sludge from an aluminum plant reached the Danube , Europe 's second largest river , on Thursday as emergency officials worked to contain as much of the leak as possible . "  It is a huge tragedy for the whole country , " said Anna Nagy , a Hungarian Disaster Management offical . "  We love the Danube , we 're very proud of the Danube and we tried to protect it . " "  I hope we can save the life in the river , " she said . Hungary needs time to calculate the cost of the disaster , saying that the government 's first response had been to try to save lives and clean homes . Tibor Dobson , a top disaster management official , told CNN that the sludge -- which flowed from an aluminum plant reservoir that burst on Monday -- is less dangerous than it was when it spilled . Officials believe pH levels have dropped to within an acceptable range , making the river safe , Dobson said . They are monitoring the Danube for sign of toxicity , such as dying fish . Nagy said pH levels had fallen to 9.1 . That 's more alkaline than neutral , which is 7 on the scale , but much less than it was originally , at 13 , the Catastrophic Protection Unit said Thursday . Emergency workers were pouring plaster and fertilizers in hopes it would bind with the sludge and counter its alkalinity . The exact chemical composition of the sludge has not been revealed , but aluminum processing normally involves compounds that include cyanide , cadmium and chromium . The environmental disaster -- which occurred nearly 100 miles west of Budapest near the town of Ajka -- has killed two children , ages 1 and 3 , an elderly woman and a 35-year-old man whose SUV overturned in the sludge . About 250 people have been evacuated from their homes , said Gyorgi Tottos , a spokeswoman for Hungary 's Catastrophe Protection Unit . The reservoir has since been repaired and the flow from the pool halted . But the material that flowed out of the reservoir continues to pose a threat . The plant received an operating permit in 2006 , he said . The European Commission is studying a copy of the permit and sees nothing wrong with the paperwork so far , he added . The aluminum factory has said it will pay for the victims ' funerals . It has property and liability insurance , insurer Allianz Hungaria Biztosito told CNN , but would not say how much . Residents were advised not to eat produce from gardens that were covered when the dam burst . It was not clear when residents evacuated from affected areas in the villages of Kolontar , Devecser and Somlovasarhely would be able to return home . The long-term consequences of the leak were also unclear . In some villages , police with guns patrolled some of the villages to keep looters at bay . A state of emergency has been declared in three counties , the State Secretariat of Governmental Communications said . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Tommy Evans , Jim Boulden and Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report .	Hungary asks European Union for assistance in cleanup "  It is a huge tragedy for the whole country , " a disaster official says Officials think the pH level has dropped , but is still above neutral The sludge flowed from a aluminum plant reservoir that burst on Monday
PALO ALTO , California  CNN  -- Sharing the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize helps underscore the urgency of the climate crisis , said former Vice President Al Gore on Friday . "  This is a chance to elevate global consciousness about the challenges that we face now , " said Al Gore . Gore 's comments came hours after the Nobel committee announced he would share the award with the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change for their work to raise awareness about global warming . "  This is a chance to elevate global consciousness about the challenges that we face now , " Gore said , speaking to reporters in Palo Alto , California . "  It truly is a planetary emergency , and we have to respond quickly . " The former vice president said he would donate his half of the $ 1.5 million prize to the Alliance for Climate Protection , an organization he founded to persuade people to reduce global warming by cutting pollution . "  That amount is very small compared to the enormous challenge that lies ahead , " Gore said , including organizing a massive grass-roots movement and a mass advertising campaign focused on "  trying to change the way people think . " Watch Gore describe what he calls a ` planetary emergency ' " Earlier Friday , a White House spokesman said President Bush was pleased that Gore , Bush 's opponent in the 2000 presidential race , had won the award . "  Of course , he 's happy for Vice President Gore , happy for the International Panel on Climate Change scientists , who also shared the Peace Prize , " White House deputy press secretary Tony Fratto said . "  Obviously it 's an important recognition , and we 're sure the vice president is thrilled . " Fratto said Bush would not be under any pressure to adopt mandatory caps on greenhouse gas emissions , a policy Gore has advocated . Gore 's ex-boss , former President Clinton , also said he 's "  thrilled by this well-deserved recognition , " and credited Gore with "  warning and educating us about the dangers of climate change for decades . He saw this coming before others in public life . " The Nobel committee 's announcement cited Gore and the IPCC "  for their efforts to build up and disseminate greater knowledge about man-made climate change , and to lay the foundations for the measures that are needed to counteract such change . " The award ceremony will be held December 10 in Oslo , Norway . In recent weeks , Gore has been the target of a campaign to persuade him to enter the 2008 presidential race . A source involved in Gore 's past political runs told CNN that he definitely has the ambition to use the peace prize as a springboard to run for president . But he will not run , because he wo n't take on the political machine assembled by Sen. Hillary Clinton , said the source . If the senator from New York had faltered at all , Gore would take a serious look at entering the race , the source said . But Gore has calculated that Clinton is unstoppable , according to the source . Gore repeatedly denied he has any plans to run again , but this week a group of grass-roots Democrats calling themselves "  Draft Gore " took out a full-page ad in The New York Times in a bid to change his mind . Watch Gore discuss global warming and politics "  Your country needs you now , as do your party , and the planet you are fighting so hard to save , " the group said in an open letter . "  America and the Earth need a hero right now , someone who will transcend politics as usual and bring real hope to our country and to the world . " The Nobel committee praised Gore as being "  one of the world 's leading environmentalist politicians . " "  He is probably the single individual who has done most to create greater worldwide understanding of the measures that need to be adopted , " said Ole Danbolt Mjos , chairman of the Nobel committee . In making the announcement , Mjos said , "  Through the scientific reports it has issued over the past two decades , the IPCC has created an ever-broader informed consensus about the connection between human activities and global warming . "  Thousands of scientists and officials from over 100 countries have collaborated to achieve greater certainty as to the scale of the warming . " Said Rajendra Pachauri , chairman of the U.N. panel : "  This is an honor that goes to all the scientists and authors who have contributed to the work of the IPCC . " Renate Christ , secretary of the panel , called the award "  the most significant recognition that the IPCC has received . " The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change was established in 1988 to study climate change information . The group does n't do independent research but instead reviews scientific literature from around the world . The U.N.-sanctioned group was formed by the World Meteorological Organization and U.N. Environment Program . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said he was "  delighted " with the news that Gore and the IPCC will share in prize . The Nobel caps a series of prestigious awards associated with Gore , including two Oscars this year for the 2006 documentary film , "  An Inconvenient Truth , " which followed him on a worldwide tour publicizing the dangers of climate change . Last month , he also picked up an Emmy -- the highest award in U.S. television -- for "  Current TV . " The show , which Gore co-created , describes itself as a global television network giving viewers the opportunity to create and influence its programming . Previous American recipients of the peace prize include former Presidents Carter in 2002 , Wilson in 1919 and Theodore Roosevelt in 1906 . In 1973 , Secretary of State Henry Kissinger shared the award with North Vietnam 's Le Duc Tho . The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. received the honor in 1964 . See more on 2007 Nobel winners " Gore was vice president for eight years before winning the 2000 Democratic presidential nomination and running against Bush . But he failed in his White House bid -- despite winning the popular vote -- when the U.S. Supreme Court rejected his challenge over voting results in Florida , securing an Electoral College majority for Bush . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Al Gore warns of "  planetary emergency , " announces new ad campaign Ex-President Clinton says Gore has warned of dangers for decades Source : Gore wo n't use prize as springboard to enter 2008 presidential race White House : President Bush pleased that Gore , U.N. panel won peace prize
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A blossoming of cinematic creativity has swept Argentina in recent years , bringing about a second golden age of film . Pablo Trapero 's latest movie "  Lion 's Den " stars Martina Gusman  left  and was in competition at Cannes . In Argentina , the renaissance marks a return to form for a cinematic tradition that was prolific and highly successful until creativity was stifled by a succession of military regimes that began with the ascendancy of Juan Peron in the 1940s . A revival occurred after the country returned to democracy in 1983 as filmmakers focused on life under the military dictatorship -- Luiz Puenzo 's "  The Official Story "  1985  won an Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film . But an economic malaise ensued , turning off the taps to film financing . An economic boom in the 1990s quickly turned unstable , resulting in a crippling financial crisis earlier this decade that plunged Argentina into its worst recession ever . Out of the chaos , a new group of Argentina filmmakers emerged . The leaders of the so-called "  New Argentine Cinema " have become critical contributors to the wider Latin American film movement that has captivated international critics and audiences alike . What 's fueling New Argentine Cinema ? Argentina 's economy has recovered remarkably since its collapse in 2001 , and the national film institute , Instituto Nacional de Cine y Artes Audiovisuales  INCAA  , has been keen to foster the industry 's development . The combination of cheap production costs and a flourishing artistic community has made Buenos Aires a hub of creativity . Already one of the most cosmopolitan cities in South America , the city is attracting everyone from local bohemians to big Hollywood names . Francis Ford Coppola , the most recent notable to tap into the vibrant scene , opened an Argentine unit of his Zoetrope production company last year to film his Buenos Aires-set family drama "  Tetro , " which is anticipated to be released next year . What movies are creating buzz ? Pablo Trapero 's "  Lion 's Den " about a woman who gives birth and raises her child in prison was nominated for the Palme d'Or at Cannes this year . Trapero is best known for his depiction of ordinary people . He gained acclaim with "  Crane World "  1999  -- a gritty look at Argentina 's working class -- and is widely considered one of Argentina 's leading directors . Also in competition at Cannes this year was "  The Headless Woman " from the ever subtle Lucrecia Martel . The film focuses on a woman 's guilt after a hit-and-run accident and like Martel 's other works , offers up a dose of social criticism . Martel burst on the scene with her first movie "  The Swamp "  2001  , winner of the Alfred Bauer Award at the Berlin International Film Festival . Lucia Puenzo stirred debate with "  XXY "  2007  , an exploration of adolescent sexuality centered around the life of a teenage hermaphrodite . The daughter of award-winning Luiz Puenzo , Lucia took home the Critic Weeks Grand Prize at Cannes last year . Are you excited about Argentine cinema ? What is your favorite movie or director ? Enough with the dramas -- who makes Argentines laugh ? Daniel Burman has cited Woody Allen as one of the auteurs he most admires , and the influence is quite clear in his work , in which his identity as a Jew in Argentina figures prominently . "  Waiting for the Messiah "  2000  , "  Lost Embrace "  2004  and "  Family Law "  2006  make up the trilogy of films about fatherhood for which he has gained praise . The young director 's latest film "  Empty Nest "  2008  takes a touching and comedic look at married life . What 's this I hear about a Hollywood in Argentina ? You 're referring to Palermo Hollywood . No , it 's not a Las Vegas casino but rather a neighborhood in Buenos Aires where many film and TV studios are based . A bohemian spirit distinguishes the neighborhood from its more polished cousin to the south , Palermo Soho . Once occupied by desolate factories and warehouses , the area is now humming with activity . An abundance of hip lounges , cafes and trendy restaurants keep the buzz going all day and through the night . How does Argentina figure in the Latin American film scene ? As the Latin American film renaissance has gained stride , filmmakers across the region have become more interested in collaborating on projects . The end of military dictatorships which ruled Latin America in the 1970s and 1980s "  created really interesting national cinemas that blossomed a little bit everywhere but also created a correlation between directors from different countries , " Brazilian director Walter Salles told CNN earlier this year . Salles works frequently with Argentine directors . He co-produced Trapero 's "  Lion 's Den " and Julia Solomonoff 's "  Sisters "  2005  . Meanwhile , Eduardo Constantini Jr , of the philanthropic Constantini family in Argentina , recently launched a fund with the Weinstein Co. aimed at backing Latin American movies . He is also behind The Auteurs , an "  online movie theater " where Web users can watch and discuss film . Is this boom going to run out of steam ? The renaissance in Argentina has been building for some time , but it 's only just hitting its stride now . Earlier films were mainly art house successes but now with the spotlight shining on Latin America cinema , Argentine films may start to connect more with international audiences . The country continues to attract productions , and there is a vast pool of talent that is being groomed to lead the next generation of auteurs . More than 12,000 undergraduates are currently studying film directing , scriptwriting and technical production , according to the INCAA . Five other must-see Argentine films 1 . "  The Night of the Pencils "  Hector Olivera , 1986  2 . "  Nine Queens "  Fabian Bielinsky , 2000  3 . "  Son of the Bride "  Juan Jose Campanella , 2001  4 . "  The Dog "  Carlos Sorin , 2004  5 . "  The Holy Girl "  Lucrecia Martel , 2004	The filmmakers of New Argentine Cinema are winning acclaim worldwide Vibrant Buenos Aires has attracted big names like Francis Ford Coppola Everything you need to know about the directors and movies creating buzz
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama paid tribute Thursday to American troops who 60 years ago fought a Communist regime that he said continues to be a provocative threat to peace in the region . Speaking on Veterans Day at the U.S. Army garrison in Yongsan , South Korea , the president drew parallels between America 's ally and North Korea . "  Today , the Korean peninsula provides the world 's clearest contrast between a society that is open and one that is closed ; between a nation that is dynamic and growing , and a government that would rather starve its people than change , " the president said in remarks prepared for U.S. military personnel and members of their families . Obama , who made a reference to South Korea 's claim earlier this year that North Korea sank one of its vessels , said the United States "  will never waver in our commitment to the security of the Republic of Korea . " North Korea has another path besides pursuing nuclear weapons , Obama said . "  If they choose to fulfill their international obligations and commitments to the international community , they will have the chance to offer their people lives of growing opportunity instead of crushing poverty , " he said . Obama is in South Korea for Thursday 's opening of the G-20 summit , which will try to stabilize the world 's financial markets . The president paid tribute to generations of men and women who served in the U.S. military . He praised South Korean troops and Americans who fought during the 1950-53 Korean War . "  Gentlemen , we are honored by your presence , " Obama said of Korean War veterans in the audience Thursday . We are grateful for your service . And the world is better off because of what you did here . " The crowd roared when the president acknowledged the 62 veterans . "  They are all standing , " he said . "  Looks like they 're doing great . Let 's give them a hand . " Obama also thanked those currently serving in South Korea , saying they "  carry on the legacy of service and sacrifice . " The president later attended a wreath-laying ceremony at the Yongsan War Memorial . The president placed his hand on his heart before troops fired a 21-gun salute . The president 's visit to Seoul will include a meeting with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak and a meeting with Chinese President Hu Jintao . Tensions about currency and trade are likely to run high at the G-20 meeting , which will be held Thursday and Friday in Seoul , the South Korean capital . Officials in China and the United States have accused the other of manipulating its currency at the expense of other economies . And the G-20 has acknowledged that the global economic recovery is advancing in "  a fragile and uneven way . " Widespread protests are expected at the summit , for which South Korea has mobilized its largest security force ever , according to the Yonhap news agency . A total of 50,000 police and riot police are being deployed , authorities told Yonhap . A number of South Korean union and civic groups are gearing up for large protests against the G-20 , while other groups are planning unrelated rallies in hopes of drawing international media attention . Protests by Muslims in Indonesia also preceded Obama 's visit there . But the president focused on the two countries ' shared principles of unity and tolerance when he delivered a highly anticipated speech at the University of Indonesia right before he left for South Korea . In his speech , Obama reflected on the four years he spent in Indonesia as a child , referring to how he and his family were warmly accepted . He drew cheers when he sprinkled sayings from the local Malay language , such as "  Selamat Datang " -- a greeting of welcome -- and the national motto "  Bhinneka Tunggal Ika , " which means "  unity in diversity . " Noting that Malay is one of hundreds of languages of the archipelago nation , Obama lauded Indonesia for its spirit of inclusiveness despite its diverse population and history of dictatorship . "  But even as this land of my youth has changed in so many ways , those things that I learned to love about Indonesia -- that spirit of tolerance that is written into your constitution , symbolized in your mosques and churches and temples standing alongside each other ; that spirit that is embodied in your people -- that still lives on , " he said . Grappling with a troubled U.S. economy , the Obama administration has highlighted the strengthening of economic and military ties during the president 's 10-day Asia tour . Obama started his trip with a three-day stay in India , before heading to Indonesia . Speaking in New Delhi on Monday , Obama said , "  We make some of the best products in the world and we want to sell them to a growing Indian market . " At the Seoul summit , G-20 leaders are expected to focus on the global economic recovery and mechanisms to ensure balance and sustainable growth . "  We see the G-20 as fundamental not just to our international economic agenda , but to our ability to have a lasting recovery at home , because fostering balance , global growth is essential to fostering growth here in the American economy , " Ben Rhodes , deputy national security adviser for strategic communications said ahead of Obama 's Asia trip . Collectively , the Group of 20 accounts for about 85 percent of global economic output . The 1997 Asian financial crisis prompted the creation of the group . The G-20 includes industrialized nations and developing economies , which focus on economic issues and economic policy coordination . "  If you look at the trend lines in the 21st century , the rise of Asia , the rise of individual countries within Asia , is one of the defining stories of our time , " Rhodes said .	NEW : President Obama lays wreath at war memorial Obama pays tribute to Americans who have served in South Korea He 'll attend the G-20 summit , which is aimed at stabilizing the world 's financial markets The G-20 has acknowledged that the global economic recovery is uneven and fragile
CNN  -- BlackBerry customers throughout North America were without e-mail and Internet services for more than eight hours after a widespread outage that lasted until early Wednesday . Customers began receiving e-mails again around 2:45 a.m. ET . Initial reports of outages came from BlackBerry around 6:30 p.m. BlackBerry did not give a reason for the outage . It was the second such outage for users in less than a week . At one point , BlackBerry estimated 100 percent of its customers in North America were affected by the outage , according to an e-mail sent to customers . "  BlackBerry subscribers may be unable to send or receive messages . Subscribers may also be unable to register their device , roam in another location , or use other services such as Internet browsing , " the e-mail said . "  BlackBerry Internet Service subscribers may be unable to use the BlackBerry Internet Service web site or perform activities such as creating new accounts , integrating third-party email accounts , or viewing email attachments . " Research in Motion Ltd. , maker of the devices , said it had about 32 million global BlackBerry subscribers as of the end of August . BlackBerry phones run on multiple wireless carriers , including AT&T , Sprint Nextel and Verizon .	BlackBerry did n't give reason for outage , which ended around 2:45 a.m. ET At one point , 100 % of North American customers were affected A similar outage hit BlackBerry system last week Research in Motion says it has about 32 million global BlackBerry subscribers
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  Rescuers in Nepal have pulled a man from the wreckage of a building where he was stuck for a staggering 82 hours after the devastating earthquake that hit the country Saturday . His survival is unusual , as experts say it 's rare for injured people who are trapped to hold out for longer than 72 hours after a disaster . The man , Rishi Khanal , was saved after a French search and rescue team found him under the rubble on the outskirts of Kathmandu , the capital , around noon Tuesday , said Pushparam K.C. , a spokesman for the Armed Police Force of Nepal . The team used specialized gear that detects signs of life , he said . But it took about 10 more hours for the French team and police officers to dig him out , the spokesman said . A police video of the rescue showed the teams drilling through concrete to reach Khanal 's location and then hauling him up through the hole . They then carried him out of the ruined building on a stretcher . On Wednesday afternoon , Khanal , 27 , had just undergone surgery and was resting , surrounded by family and friends . He had suffered a crushed foot and was too weak and distraught to talk about his traumatic experience . "  It seems he survived by sheer willpower , " said Akhilesh Shrestha , a doctor who treated Khanal , according to the Reuters news agency . Khanal 's story of survival is n't the only one to emerge from the terrible destruction wrought by the quake , which has killed more than 5,000 people . A 4-month-old baby was rescued from a destroyed building in the town of Bhaktapur at least 22 hours after the quake struck , the newspaper Kathmandu Today reported . A Nepali military team had failed to notice the child during its search but returned after his cry was heard , the newspaper said . The little boy , whose name is Sonit Awal , was reported to be in stable condition without any internal injuries , according to initial examinations . CNN has n't independently confirmed Sonit 's rescue , but the newspaper published photos showing the dust-caked infant being lifted by Nepali soldiers in the ruined structure . Tanka Maya Sitoula , a 40-year-old mother of four , was at home in Kathmandu when the earthquake shook the city , bringing the five-story building down around her ground-floor apartment . She endured 36 long hours trapped in a room before an Indian rescue team freed her . She escaped without injury , apparently protected by a beam . Sitoula says she remained confident she would survive amid the rubble . "  I heard people making noise outside , so I thought I would be rescued , " she said , as she and her family sheltered on the grounds of a nearby school . What did she do for 36 hours ? "  I was just lying down , " she said . "  There was no room to move here and there . " Sitoula 's husband , Mahendra , a butcher , said he called out for help for hours after the quake , as he could hear her shouting in the rubble of the collapsed building . It took 18 hours before the necessary help arrived , he said . And it took another 18 hours to free her . Jon Keisi was buried for more than 60 hours under the wreckage of a seven-story building in Kathmandu that came tumbling down around him during the quake . Rescue workers flown in from Turkey had to help carve a tunnel deep into the debris to reach him . Encased in an orange stretcher , he was lifted to safety Tuesday . But he cried out in pain after his rescuers set him down , shaking his head from side to side . One of the hard-hat-wearing search team members that crowded around him called for water . Keisi was injured and dehydrated , but the rescuers said they were confident he would survive . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph reported from Kathmandu , and CNN 's Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Moni Basu , Manesh Shrestha , Ivan Watson , Tim Hume and Pamela Boykoff contributed to this report .	A French rescue team finds Rishi Khanal more than three days after the quake A 4-month-old baby is reported to have been rescued after 22 hours in rubble
CNN  -- In December , the U.S. Department of Justice intervened under the Voting Rights Act to stay a South Carolina voter ID law . Controversy rages over similar laws in Georgia and Texas . Many expect Justice Department action against the Texas law .  The Georgia law was approved in 2005 by the Bush administration Justice Department . The argument against voter ID goes as follows : The most common form of ID in the United States is a driver 's license . Nonwhite registered voters are somewhat less likely than whites to have driver 's licenses . In South Carolina , for example , the gap is nearly 20 % . Therefore , voter ID will have a discriminatory effect . But then we 're left with a question : What happens when those minority South Carolinians need social services ? How do they identify themselves then ? Then , of course , they rely on a Social Security number . But Social Security numbers are notoriously prone to theft , fraud and tampering . The IRS counted more than 400,000 cases of theft of Social Security numbers in the 18 months from mid-2009 to the end of 2011 . Surely that is only the tip of the iceberg . You do n't sustain a population of 10 million to 12 million illegal aliens without lots and lots of fake Social Security numbers . In other words , the U.S. has created two forms of de facto ID : one  Social Security  that is universal , but not reliable ; another  state-issued driver 's licenses  that is reliable , but not universal . Obvious question : Why ca n't we have a system of personal identification that is universal and reliable ? Modern technology enables the design of just such a card while also protecting and even enhancing personal privacy . Imagine you are a 22 year old who wants to buy a case of beer .  Or a 66 year old who wants to buy a discount movie ticket .  You present your driver 's license that shows on its face your date of birth , and the cashier computes whether you qualify . But that card actually discloses more information than the cashier requires . The cashier is asking a "  yes " or "  no " question : 21 or older ? 65 or older ? Or imagine that you are an employer who wants to check a job applicant 's eligibility for work . Again , the card the employer will see presents more information than required . The employer does n't care whether you are a citizen or a permanent resident or where you were born or when you became a resident alien . He just wants a "  yes " or "  no " to the question : Eligible to work ? Same thing at the polls . The poll watchers do n't need to know whether today is your birthday . They do n't need to know your height or weight . They just need to know : Are you who you say you are ? And are you eligible to cast a ballot ? On its face , it would carry only your name and image . That 's all most people need most of the time to confirm your identity ; for example , when checking the name on your airline ticket against the person bearing the ticket . But none of the other information that now appears on your driver 's license needs to appear there . Not the address . Not the date of birth . No the height or weight . Information beyond face and name would be encrypted inside the card and would be divulged only to specific scanners . Liquor store owners would have machines that could read only the answer to the "  21 or older ? " question . Employers would have machines that could read only the "  eligible to work ? " question . Voting places would read only "  eligible to vote ? " Departments of Motor Vehicles in each of the states could encrypt motorist information onto the card . If you moved to another state , you would not need a new card . A visit to the DMV in the new state would wipe out the obsolete motorist information and substitute the new . Police might have more sophisticated scanners that could read more exactly your address or date of birth or citizenship status . The card would have encrypted information useful to prevent social service fraud ; for example , the number of children you have so you ca n't enroll for more benefits than for which you qualify . The card might also carry encrypted medical information useful in case of emergency such as blood type and allergies to medicines . None of this information would be visible to the casual observer . None would be available except to those with a right and need to access it . The card need not be compulsory . Even in France , supposedly the homeland of Big Government statism , the national ID card is noncompulsory . But the card would add so much convenience to life that most people would want it : one ultrasecure document that smoothed your way through the modern world -- and guaranteed no-questions asked about your rights to vote , work , drive and purchase alcohol . Such a card , available for free to all , should obviate all objections to the seemingly commonsense requirement that we not just "  take your word for it " when you vote or apply for social benefits . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	The Justice Department is seeking to stop a South Carolina voter ID law David Frum says that minorities are much less likely to have most common ID , a driver 's license He says a new national identity card would enable voting , other government services Frum : The card would be free and would be a convenience that people would value
EW.com  -- Even Tony Stark would be impressed with "  Iron Man 3 's " incredible domestic opening weekend . Disney 's $ 200 million superhero sequel earned $ 175.3 million in its first three days in North America from 4,253 theaters â $ " the second best opening weekend of all time behind "  The Avengers ' " $ 207.4 million bow on this weekend a year ago . The film managed a robust $ 41,218 per theater average and got a big boost from IMAX screens , which accounted for $ 16.5 million of its opening weekend gross . About 45 percent of tickets sold were in the 3-D format . Like "  The Avengers , " "  Iron Man 3 " played to a broad spectrum of demographics with a tilt toward older men . According to Disney , audiences were 55 percent above the age of 25 and 61 percent male . Disney also reports that couples made up 52 percent of viewers , while families accounted for 27 percent , and teens 21 percent . Movie trailers : Survey finds many turned off by seeing best scenes in promos "  Iron Man 3 " opened higher than both "  Iron Man "  $ 98.6 million  and "  Iron Man 2 "  $ 128.1 million  , which is n't all that surprising given that it 's arriving after "  The Avengers , " which earned $ 623.4 million domestically and became the biggest hit of 2012 . It 's difficult to imagine that "  Iron Man 3 " could have garnered such impressive numbers without the boon of "  The Avengers " â $ " especially because "  Iron Man 2 " was tepidly received by most viewers and ultimately finished with less than "  Iron Man "  $ 312.4 million vs. $ 318.4 million  . It 's to Marvel 's credit that they were able to augment interest in the "  Iron Man " franchise with "  The Avengers . " Dave Hollis , Disney 's head of distribution , says "  The Avengers ' " popularity has absolutely played a part in "  Iron Man 3 's " success â $ " and that it 's expected to boost prospects of both the "  Thor " and "  Captain America " franchises as well . "  We sat here a year ago with ` The Avengers , ' and there was speculation of what the impact of such a big weekend and the coming together of all these heroes might mean for each of the subsequent films , " he says . " -LSB- W -RSB- e 're first-hand witnessing that the brand is as strong as it 's ever been . " ` Iron Man 3 ' does WHAT to The Mandarin ? -- SPOILER ANALYSIS He 's right about that . "  Iron Man 3 " earned a solid "  A " CinemaScore , and positive word-of-mouth could propel the film to a domestic finish in the $ 400 million range , though it faces ample competition over the next few weeks from "  Star Trek Into Darkness " and "  Fast & Furious 6 . " Still , "  Iron Man 3 " already seems like the probable winner of the summer box office crown . Globally , "  Iron Man 3 's " total stands at an estimated $ 680.1 million after 12 days of release . In China , the film 's number one international market , it 's earned a stunning $ 63.5 million after just five days . "  Iron Man 3 's " $ 504.8 million international haul already trumps "  Iron Man 2 's " $ 311.5 million international total , and the three-quel appears to be headed for an overseas gross in line with "  The Avengers ' " $ 888.4 million total .  "  The Avengers " ultimately earned $ 1.5 billion globally .  Basically , "  Iron Man 3 " is a lock for a finish above $ 1 billion worldwide , and right now , a tremendous $ 1.2 billion total seems likely . For star Robert Downey Jr. , who portrays wise-cracking billionaire Tony Stark , "  Iron Man 3 " marks the latest incredible success in his Hollywood comeback . A little more than a decade ago , the actor 's career appeared dead in the water due to substance abuse arrests and rehab stints , but he 's made a turnaround that so few troubled stars ever do . Thanks to the success of the "  Iron Man " films , "  The Avengers " and the "  Sherlock Holmes " franchise , Downey Jr. has starred in a film that grossed over $ 500 million globally in each of the last five years . Robert Downey Jr. straps on his movie promotion suit for ` Daily Show ' interview Of course , there were some other movies at the box office this weekend , too . Last weekend 's champ , "  Pain & Gain , " plummeted 63 percent to $ 7.6 million , bringing its total to $ 33.9 million after ten days . While that 's not a great result , the Michael Bay-directed action flick cost just $ 26 million . In third place is Warner Bros. ' only hit this year , the baseball drama "  42 , " which brought in another $ 6.2 million for a $ 78.2 million total . The $ 40 million film may finish with about $ 90 million domestically . Fourth place belonged to Universal 's Tom Cruise vehicle "  Oblivion , " which fell by a distressing 67 percent to $ 5.8 million in its third weekend for a $ 76 million total . The film has proven exceedingly front-loaded both in the States , where it opened with $ 37.1 million just two weeks ago , and overseas . Worldwide , "  Oblivion " has earned $ 222 million , which likely is not enough to offset the substantial costs of production  "  Oblivion " had a $ 120 million budget  , distribution , and marketing . "  The Croods , " a $ 135 million Fox-distributed/DreamWorks-made animation , finished in the top five once again with $ 4.2 million , marking a drop of 37 percent . After seven weekends , the caveman comedy has earned $ 168.7 million  the fact that "  Iron Man 3 " surpassed that total in just three days is remarkable  , and now stands as the third-highest grossing domestic release of 2013 behind "  Oz The Great and Powerful "  $ 228.6 million  and "  Iron Man 3 . " Worldwide , "  The Croods " has earned a whopping $ 517.9 million . 1 . "  Iron Man 3 " -- $ 175.3 million 2 . "  Pain & Gain " -- $ 7.6 million 3 . "  42 " -- $ 6.2 million 4 . "  Oblivion " -- $ 5.8 million 5 . "  The Croods " -- $ 4.2 million Next week brings the release of the hotly anticipated adaptation "  The Great Gatsby , " as well as Tyler Perry 's latest , "  Peeples . " Neither film is expected to even come close to "  Iron Man 3 " in its second weekend . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Iron Man 3 " earned $ 175.3 million during its opening weekend in North America It 's the second best opening weekend of all time behind "  The Avengers " In second place at the box office was "  Pain & Gain " In third place was the baseball drama "  42 "
CNN  -- Entertainer Ed McMahon has been hospitalized for more than three weeks with pneumonia and other medical problems , his spokesman said Friday . 85-year-old Ed McMahon is in serious condition , according to his spokesman . Doctors say McMahon is in serious condition , said the spokesman , Howard Bragman . "  Ed 's a big , strong , hearty guy and his family and I are hopeful and optimistic about his prognosis , " he said . McMahon is 85 . He will turn 86 on March 6 . Bragman and McMahon 's family are "  praying and hoping for the best and are appreciative of everyone 's thoughts and prayers , " Bragman said . He declined to say where McMahon is hospitalized . McMahon gained fame as Johnny Carson 's sidekick on "  The Tonight Show . " CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this story .	Ed McMahon has been in the hospital for almost a month He is in serious condition , says spokesman McMahon best known as Johnny Carson 's longtime "  Tonight " show sidekick
CNN  -- Controversial Dutch politician Geert Wilders was cleared Thursday of inciting hatred against Muslims , the Dutch justice ministry said . Wilders was tried for inciting discrimination and hatred over a controversial film he made about Islam . The court in Amsterdam said comments by the leader of of the Party for Freedom were "  denigrating , " but not illegal , the ministry said . Wilders ' film "  Fitna , " which he released online in March 2008 to international outcry , features disturbing images of terrorist acts superimposed over verses from the Quran in an apparent attempt to paint Islam as a threat to Western society . It drew complaints from the European Union and the Organization of the Islamic Conference , as well as concern from the United States . Comments Wilders made in a variety of media between 2006 and 2008 formed part of the case against him . Wilders said he did nothing wrong . If found guilty , he would have faced up to two years in prison and a fine of up to 19,000 euros  $ 26,000  for each charge . CNN 's Nina Dos Santos and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Geert Wilders ' comments were denigrating but not illegal , the court rules He faced charges of inciting discrimination and hatred over his film "  Fitna " It juxtaposes verses from the Quran with images of terrorist acts The United States and European Union both complained about it
CNN  -- Armed militants took over three police camps Saturday in northern Kenya , a siege that prompted a significant response by local and national authorities , a Kenyan agency said . The attack was centered in the village of Lorokon in Turkana County , which borders Uganda to the west , South Sudan to the north and a sliver of Ethiopia to the northeast . Kenya 's National Disaster Operation Centre tweeted that the siege comes on the heels of a border dispute between the Turkana and Pokot peoples . "  Authorities  are combating the bandits in Turkana , but there is heavy resistance , " the agency tweeted Saturday evening . The Disaster Operation Centre followed up about two hours later by noting Kenya 's Ministry of the Interior is coordinating the response , working in conjunction with local police officers and reservists . Kenyan police were moved to the area "  to combat the banditry and to reopen " a key road in the area . Efforts were also under way to work with leaders in both West Pokot and Turkana "  to resolve the border dispute in Lorokon , " the national agency said . A curfew was established Saturday night in parts of both these counties .	The militia take over camps in Lorokon in northern Kenya 's Turkana county Authorities trying to defeat them meet "  heavy resistance , " a national agency says The area has been site of a border dispute between the Turkana , Pokot peoples
New York  CNN  -- The remains of three women found on a remote stretch of beach in Long Island , New York , do not include those of Shannan Gilbert , whose search led to the investigation of a possible serial killer . Gilbert , 24 , of Jersey City , New Jersey , has been missing since May and was last seen alive in the Gilgo Beach area . As authorities searched for clues concerning her disappearance last year , they uncovered a total of eight corpses found in various stages of decomposition . A woman 's body was found March 29 off Ocean Parkway , west of Cedar Beach , police said . When medical examination determined they were not Gilbert 's remains , the police continued to search . On Monday , they found the remains of three additional people . They have also since been determined not to be those of Gilbert , police said in a statement Tuesday . Gilbert 's sister , Sheree Gilbert , told HLN 's Nancy Grace Tuesday night she was surprised none of the victims were her sibling . "  When we at first found out in December the first body initially they had found could have been hers , we had already prepared ourselves , and we were just hoping the search would come to an end , " Sheree Gilbert said . "  We just do n't know where she is at this point and we do n't want her to suffer . We do n't want her to be lost somewhere , not ever found . " Police say the hunt for a potential serial killer continues , as does the search for Gilbert , who , like the women whose bodies have been found , advertised for prostitution services on such sites as Craigslist . The first four bodies were discovered stuffed into bushes on a quarter-mile stretch of waterfront property on Oak Beach , indicating "  they were dumped there by the same person or persons , " said Richard Dormer , Suffolk County Police commissioner , in December . "  It 's too coincidental that there were four bodies in the same location . " The remains of the fifth body were found about a mile from where the other corpses were discovered , he said , refusing to disclose exactly where the three additional remains were found on Monday . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : "  We do n't want her to suffer , " says sister of missing woman The remains of three women found do not include those of Shannan Gilbert Total of 8 bodies found during monthslong search for a New Jersey woman Several remains turned up so close together police believe same person "  dumped " them
CNN  -- French workers on Thursday freed the manager of a factory run by U.S. company 3M held hostage in his office for more than 24 hours in a labor dispute over terms for laid-off staff . The manager of 3M 's French operations , Luc Rousselet , eats in his office while he was held hostage . Luc Rousselet , who was unharmed , was allowed to leave the plant in Pithiviers , central France , early on Thursday morning after talks between unions and officials from 3M France . "  We have an agreement with 3M that they will provide the means to respond to our demands , " union representative Jean-Francois Caparros told news agency AFP . "  The negotiations will resume and that 's a very good thing , " said Rousselet as he left an office where he took refuge on Tuesday afternoon . "  I am very happy for the employees of the Pithiviers factory . I know that this was a very difficult lay-off plan for them , " he said as workers shouted "  Scoundrel boss ! " Is there any justification for taking this action ? The 3M factory at the center of the dispute makes pharmaceutical products and employs 235 people . Of those 110 are being cut this year and 40 more are being transferred to another plant . Rousselet was briefing the laid-off workers about a compensation package but retreated to his office after feeling threatened . Maryse Bulte , 44 , one of the employees , said : "  Initially we did n't want to hold him . We just sought talks and concrete results . "  It was despair and distress which made us do this , " added Cyril Foufelle , 36 . The manufacturer 3M , based in Minnesota , has announced thousands of job cuts around the world amid the economic downturn . Anger has been growing in the U.S. and Europe over job cuts and high bonuses for executives whose companies have been rescued with taxpayers ' money . Earlier this month the boss of Sony France was held overnight before workers freed him after he agreed to reopen talks on compensation when the factory closed . And last week angry tire factory workers threw eggs at their bosses in a protest over the closure of their plant . The drama at Pithiviers , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  south of Paris , came as figures showed the number of jobless in France rose nearly 80,000 in February to reach 2.38 million . More than a million striking workers protested last week urging President Nicolas Sarkozy to do more to protect their jobs .	French workers free manager held hostage for 24 hours in labor dispute 3M factory in dispute announced plans to lay off 110 workers Anger growing in U.S. and Europe over job cuts and high bonuses
CNN  I simply could n't believe my eyes . At a children 's party this year , I witnessed full-on "  mean girl " behavior . I ca n't say more because I do n't want to single out any children but I can tell you how horrified I was to watch this and realize these kids were still in elementary school . I know I 'm one of the lucky ones , and have written about how I did n't meet my first mean girl until college . But is n't the whole "  mean girl " thing not supposed to rear its ugly head until middle school or beyond ? Not anymore . Rosalind Wiseman , author of the New York Times bestseller "  Queenbees and Wannabes , " which was the basis for the movie "  Mean Girls , " believes we are seeing mean girl behavior at younger ages . She chalks it up to two reasons : girls starting to go through puberty earlier , on average as young as 9 , and girls modeling what they see on television and in movies . "  Mainstream media is portraying girls at younger ages who are mimicking the worst of obnoxious , stereotypical girl behavior ... rolling eyes , moving the hips around , being catty , " said Wiseman . "  So what girls are getting is that by 8 or 9 , this is sort of a ` normal ' way to act . " In fact , research shows that the more girls watch TV shows with socially aggressive female characters , the more likely they are to model that behavior in their own classroom . A study , conducted by Nicole Martins , an assistant professor of telecommunications at The Media School at Indiana University , found that 92 % of 150 shows popular with children included some form of relational or social aggression . The aggressive behavior was often carried out by the physically attractive female characters . Think Hannah Montana or Sam on iCarly . After taking into account factors that could influence television viewing and aggression , such as socio-economic background and academic success , Martins and her co-author found a significant relationship for girls but not for boys between watching these shows and taking on socially aggressive behaviors . "  With girls , the more they watched , the more likely they were to perpetuate these behaviors so there 's something about the nature of this type of behavior that girls feel comfortable perpetuating , " said Martins . "  I 've argued , and many others have argued , that it 's really about socialization , that as a culture , we tend to condone physical aggression with boys , and say , ` Oh that 's just the way boys are ' but with girls , we tell them not to do that because that 's not what girls do . " OPINION : Are women just mean or stating the facts ? So what 's the message to our girls about what they can and should do when they get angry ? "  Girls have essentially been taught at a young age to be sneaky about it and this is what we are seeing in the shows that we are watching , " said Martins . ` Boys are easy , girls are hard ' In our own conversations , we should also be mindful about how we 're feeding into the stereotypes about girls and boys , said Wiseman , whose latest book "  Masterminds and Wingmen " focuses on how boys have to deal with "  mean boys " too . "  We say boys are easy and girls are hard , girls are back-stabbing , nasty , all that kind of stuff , and what that means is we 're basically saying , ` Well , your legacy , girls , is to grow up and be back-stabbing and not have women or girls that you can trust as friends . ' " Instead , Wiseman said we should be telling our girls that they deserve to go through adolescence and adulthood with very strong female relationships , understanding that they will get into conflicts and that people will be mean to them at times , but being able to advocate for themselves when that happens . "  Here 's what I say to parents : You can not prevent conflict . You can not prevent all mean girl problems that your daughter is going to have . You can not . What you can do is teach your child that conflict is inevitable and they need to learn how to manage that . " What we also need to teach our girls , said Michelle Anthony , co-author of "  Little Girls Can Be Mean , " is that a "  certain kind and amount of meanness " is OK . What she means by that is we want our girls to have a sense of "  agency and power " especially going into the teenage years . "  So trying out meanness is not something we can or should eradicate , " said Anthony . "  It 's normal to want to feel powerful and to exert influence on your environment . It 's healthy . What is unhealthy is when the means by which a child does that is at the social expense of another . " The takeaway for parents , she said , is helping girls understand the normal and healthy part of power-seeking while at the same time helping them realize the best means to achieve their goals without hurting others in the process . ` Mean moms ' And yes , parents , our kids learn by example . "  The more meanness they see being successful or rewarded in the home or in their environment , the more children will revert to those mean behaviors themselves when faced with challenging social situations , " said Anthony . So if we are snarky about another woman in person , behind her back or on Facebook , our girls are getting the message that that 's an OK way to treat other girls . "  We talk about role modeling but very rarely do adults look at their own behavior and say ` What am I doing ? ' " said Wiseman . Wiseman also said it 's not just what we say and do , but what we watch that sends a message to our daughters . WATCH : The puberty ad you 'll want to show all girls and boys She brings up the popularity of the "  Real Housewives " reality show series and how some women call watching the shows their "  guilty pleasure . " Your daughter "  walks in the house and sees that 's what you entertain yourself with is watching other women be mean to each other or be ridiculed or dismissed , " said Wiseman . "  You are showing that that 's entertaining to you and then it normalizes it . " "  So those kinds of guilty pleasures have way bigger consequences than you just sitting down and watching that show . " Do you get think mean girls are getting younger ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	In "  Brutally Honest " video series , Kelly Wallace tackles provocative parenting questions We are seeing mean girl behavior at younger ages , bestselling author says One reason may be because of the way girls are portrayed in mainstream media Study : Significant impact on girls after watching shows featuring socially aggressive women
CNN  -- The jury in the Drew Peterson murder trial deliberated for more than eight hours Wednesday before a judge sent them home for the night . Peterson , a former Chicago-area police sergeant , is accused of killing his ex-wife , Kathleen Savio , in 2004 . The seven men and five women began deliberating Wednesday morning and asked during their discussions to hear again from the testimony of a defense witnesses , Harry Smith , who was Savio 's divorce attorney , and a prosecution witness , Neil Schori , a pastor . Schori had testified that Peterson 's fourth wife , Stacy Peterson , told him she woke up alone the night Savio died and Drew Peterson later coached her on how to talk to police about his whereabouts that night . Smith had testified that Stacy Peterson asked him , "  She wanted to know if , in my opinion , the fact that he 'd killed Kathy could be used against him . " After 8 1/2 of deliberations , Judge Edward Burmila sent the jury home for the night . When Stacey Peterson went missing in October 2007 , investigators said they would look again at Savio 's death , which was initially ruled a drowning . Stacey Peterson still has not been found and Drew is considered a suspect in the case . Savio was found dead in her dry , clean bathtub March 1 , 2004 . Savio 's death was ruled a homicide in February 2008 , and Peterson was later arrested and indicted on first-degree murder . On Wednesday , the jury also asked for Drew Peterson 's and Stacy Peterson 's phone records for the weekend Savio died . "  There 's a lot for the jury to go through . This is an entirely circumstantial case , " Beth Karas , a legal correspondent at In Session , which airs on CNN sister network TruTV , said . Peterson was married to Savio in 2001 when he had an affair with then-17-year-old Stacy Cales , who became his fourth wife . Savio and Peterson filed for divorce in October 2001 and their relationship remained contentious for the next several years . Bolingbrook police records indicate officers were called to Savio 's home 18 times to intervene in domestic fights from 2002 to 2004 . Peterson had Savio arrested twice for domestic violence , though she was found not guilty in both cases . On February 27 , 2004 , Peterson picked up his two sons from Savio 's home and spent the next two days with them . Prosecutors believe he entered her home again early on February 29 and killed her . At the time of her death , which authorities initially treated as an accident , a court was mulling how the couple 's marital assets would be divided , and Savio was set to receive part of Peterson 's pension and other support . Follow the complete coverage of the trial In Session 's Michael Christian and Graham Winch contributed to this report .	Jury asked to rehear the testimony of two witnesses Drew Peterson is on trial in the death of his third wife , Kathleen Savio Defense says Savio fell and died accidentally Expert says jury has a lot of circumstantial evidence to consider
CNN  -- Two Russian bombers have landed at a Venezuelan airfield where they will carry out training flights for several days , the Russian defense ministry said Wednesday . Russia 's Tupolev TU-160 , pictured here in 2003 , is a long-range strategic bomber . The Tupolev Tu-160 strategic bombers landed at Venezuela 's Libertador military airfield and "  will spend several days carrying out training flights over neutral waters , after which they will return to the base , " the ministry added . NATO fighters followed the bombers on their 13-hour flight over the Arctic Ocean and the Atlantic , the defense ministry said . It said the Russian flights were carried out in strict accordance with international rules governing airspace above neutral waters , and that the aircraft did not violate the borders of other states . Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said such joint exercises between nations are not unusual . "  We exercise all around the globe and have joint exercises with countries all over the world . So do many other nations . " The U.S. will monitor the Russian-Venezuelan training , said Pentagon officials who asked not to be identified as they are not authorized to speak on the information . On Monday , Russia announced it might hold joint naval maneuvers with Venezuela in the Caribbean . The declaration came amid increased tension between Russia and the United States over Russia 's invasion last month of the former Soviet republic of Georgia , a U.S. ally that aspires to join NATO . On Monday Russia denied any link between that announcement and the conflict in Georgia , although Russia has criticized U.S. support for Georgia . Russia has also objected to the missile defense system agreement , signed between the United States and Poland and the Czech Republic in August , that places a ground-based ballistic defense facility in the two eastern European nations . Russia has said the deal threatens its security , while the United States has said that the system is to guard against rogue states such as Iran . Earlier this month , Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , whose comments have frequently antagonized Washington , said it would welcome the Russian air force , according to Russian news agency Novosti . "  If Russian long-range bombers should need to land in Venezuela , we would not object to that either . We will also welcome them , " Chavez said on September 1 , according to Novosti . CNN 's Mike Mount contributed to this story	Moscow : Russian bombers using Venezuela airfield to train over neutral waters Russian defense ministry spokesman : NATO fighters followed bombers News agency : Venezuelan president says he 'd welcome Russian air force Move comes amid growing tension between Washington and Moscow
CNN  -- Brazil has delivered only four of the six stadiums that will be used in June 's Confederations Cup , considered a dress rehearsal for next year 's World cup , on time . One of the venues -- Recife 's Arena Pernambuco -- opened just a day before FIFA 's April 15 deadline , which comes precisely two months ahead of the start of the continental competition . The other three cities that succeeded in delivering arenas before the deadline are Fortaleza , Salvador and Belo Horizonte , which are all now scheduling games to test the facilities . After initially setting stadiums a deadline of December 2012 , FIFA had to push the date back in the face of repeated delays . Brazil will host the Confederations Cup from June 15-30 , using six different stadiums in six cities across the country . However , two of the designated arenas missed the deadline : the Estadio Nacional in Brasilia and the iconic Maracana in Rio de Janeiro . Operators of the stadium in Brasilia , Brazil 's capital city , say the arena is not too far behind schedule , with its opening planned for April 21 . The big question mark is over the legendary Maracana , which hosted the decisive World Cup finals clash in 1950 . It has repeatedly pushed back deadlines and run over budget and although officials said last week that it should be ready by April 27 , that date is not considered definite . After showing some largesse in the construction of stadiums for the Confederations Cup , FIFA 's Secretary General has insisted that delays will not be tolerated when it comes to the World Cup itself . "  The deadline for the FIFA World Cup stadiums delivery stands firm as December 2013 . There will be no compromise , " Jerome Valcke said in a statement . All eyes will be on Brazil when it hosts the Confederations Cup , which will also be a trial run of infrastructure -- from hotels to airports and urban transport . More than half a million tickets have already been sold and many fans will want to travel from one city to another to follow their team . "  The next few weeks will be an acid test for the host cities , " added Valcke , who has clashed with Brazilian authorities in the past when questioning the delay in preparations for FIFA 's forthcoming events . The eight-nation Confederations Cup pits continental champions against each other , with world champions Spain among the teams joining hosts Brazil in an intriguing line-up . On Sunday , Fortaleza 's Castelao stadium underwent a test event as it staged a local championship match . In front of a crowd of 16,000 , local organizers tested out such different areas as cleaning and refuse collection , transport , competitions , spectator services and IT . "  Every area received a very thorough assessment , " Tiago Paes , the Stadiums Operations Manager for the Local Organizing Committee , told FIFA.com . "  There are always going to be changes here and there , but everything went off well . " The Castelao has already hosted 19 events since it was opened in the middle of January , with that number expected to rise to 30 prior to the start of the Confederations Cup . Belo Horizonte is the next arena lined up to test facilities , with the Mineirao stadium set to host the Brazil-Chile friendly on April 24 .	Two stadiums scheduled to host Confederations Cup matches in June miss FIFA deadline Organizers for arenas in Brasilia and Rio de Janeiro say their venues will open this month FIFA deadline of 15 April comes exactly two months before Confederations Cup begins
Pittstown , New Jersey  CNN  -- When Chip Paillex started a garden with his 4-year-old daughter in 2002 , he never imagined it would change the lives of thousands of people . That first year , they grew much more produce than their family could eat . Paillex did not want the excess going to waste , so he started giving it to friends and co-workers . Then he learned about others who needed it more . "  We saw a three-line article in the paper , " Paillex remembers . "  It said , ` If you ever have extra produce , bring it down to the food pantry . Grow a row for the hungry . ' " Paillex and his daughter donated 120 pounds of produce that year . He knew the experience would provide some good lessons for her . But it opened his eyes , too . "  At first , I thought it was just that people were hungry , " Paillex said . "  But then I realized that people were hungry for fresh fruits and vegetables . " Since then , Paillex has been helping to provide fresh produce for more than just his local pantry . His nonprofit , America 's Grow-a-Row , now grows and harvests fruits and vegetables for people in need all over the state . "  New Jersey , the Garden State , is known for its produce , " said Paillex , 47 . "  But  there 's tons of produce throughout this state that , unfortunately , does n't make its way to a lot of the people that are in need here . " Spreading the wealth Paillex started the organization from his small plot , with help from family and close friends . Every weekday for almost four years , he worked in the garden from 5 a.m. to 8 a.m. before heading off to his full-time job . Then he gardened again until nightfall . In 2007 , he left his corporate job to dedicate himself full time to the nonprofit . It has grown to 49 acres of farmland and almost 4,000 volunteers . To help distribute the hundreds of thousands of pounds of produce it grows each year , the group partnered with the Community FoodBank of New Jersey . They also collect excess from other farms and supermarkets in the area . The produce is donated to food banks all over the state . "  Our goal is to get everybody in the state -- whether it be a child or an adult -- to be able to eat healthy , " Paillex said . "  It 's not something that should be a luxury . " When Paillex learned about food deserts -- areas in the country that do not have access to healthy , affordable food -- he and his group set up farm markets to provide free fresh produce to residents of these areas . From July to November , the group holds its free farm markets in five cities in New Jersey , including Camden and Newark . Residents also receive healthy recipes for preparing the produce . The group 's free farm markets have been a lifesaver for Imogene Thompson . Living on a fixed income , the 64-year-old had trouble getting the fresh food necessary for her health . "  I have diabetes and high blood pressure . Eating healthy is very important to me , " she said . "  Some things that I need for my diet , a lot of times I ca n't afford , especially produce . " Thompson now goes to the group 's farm markets in Jersey City , and things have turned around for her . "  I have lost some weight . My sugar is better controlled , and the vegetables and food is delicious , " Thompson said . "  Without Chip , nobody around here would be eating fresh fruits and vegetables like we do . " Little farmers For Paillex and his group , the work is about more than just feeding people . The goal also is to educate people of all ages about where their food comes from and why it is important . Paillex said recipients also return to volunteer with the group . "  There 's a sense of community that comes out of this program , " he said . The group 's summer youth program introduces children from New Jersey 's inner city areas to farming and healthy eating . For many of these children , it is their first time on a farm . "  They immediately are struck by the fact that food grows out of the ground , " Paillex said . "  For them to be able to actually pull it out of the ground and harvest it and then bring it home to their families , that 's huge . " America 's Grow-A-Row has donated almost 3 million pounds of fresh produce , which has reached roughly 140,000 people . Paillex plans to expand the program to other states . "  To be able to put fresh food on someone 's plate who 's hungry that night , " Paillex said , "  there 's no greater feeling and no greater reward . " Want to get involved ? Check out the America 's Grow-a-Row website at www.americasgrowarow.org and see how to help .	When Chip Paillex 's garden amassed excess produce in 2002 , he donated the extras He soon began a nonprofit , harvesting crops for the Garden State 's less fortunate By 2007 , he left his corporate job to dedicate himself full time to America 's Grow-a-Row It has since grown to 49 acres of farmland and nearly 4,000 volunteers
LONDON , England  CNN  -- There was a time when action heroes did n't contemplate . They defeated the bad guy and let their bodies do the talking for them . How times have changed . Blast from the past : Jean-Claude Van Damme plays himself in "  JCVD . " Action movies can still be a big draw at the box office -- "  The Dark Knight " has grossed nearly $ 1 billion worldwide , according to BoxOfficeGuru.com -- and action sequences have never been more intricate or thrilling . But audiences these days are demanding more of everything -- more adrenaline , more emotion , more complexity . The action movies today are a far cry from the ones that helped spur the rise of the genre in the 1980s , when hard bodies like Arnold Schwarzenegger merely had to flex their muscles and utter monosyllables to generate a following . Everything was more straightforward for the tough guys of yesteryear . Sylvester Stallone , Bruce Willis and Arnie tackled problems with big guns , big muscles and big egos . There was a clear division between good and evil , and machismo conquered all . These days , the tough guy persona is giving way to more multifaceted characters . Watching the hero beat up the bad guy is old hat ; understanding the source of his rage makes the action far more riveting . What do you want from an action hero ? Tell us in the SoundOff below . The most successful action film this year , "  The Dark Knight , " is filled with dynamic characters  Heath Ledger is hotly tipped to pick up a posthumous Oscar for his portrayal as The Joker  and delves into the intricacies of everything from heroism to anarchy . The violence is rife , but it 's not meaningless . In other popular movies like "  Quantum of Solace " and the Bourne series , high-octane chase scenes are what get your pulse racing . But it is Bond 's  Daniel Craig  battered emotional state that anchors "  Quantum 's " story . For Jason Bourne , played by Matt Damon , the quest to recover his memory and identity is what adds emotional depth -- and advances the story enough to keep it interesting over three films . In contrast , films like "  Transporter 3 , " whose macho hero Frank Martin harks back to the self-reliant tough guys of action flicks past , has been mostly panned for its weak story and mindless action . Even action men of earlier decades are out to prove they are n't just fighting machines . Jean-Claude Van Damme , the so-called "  Muscles from Brussels " who made a name for himself in the 1980s with his killer martial arts moves , lets his guard down in the parody "  JCVD , " due out in the UK in February . Van Damme basically plays himself -- a downbeat actor dealing with the collapse of his family life -- and delivers a performance that entertainment trade publication Variety said "  constitutes the headiest stretch of the beefy star 's career since , well , ever . " Mickey Rourke , another tough guy , earned a Golden Globe nomination for playing a broken down fighter in "  The Wrestler , " and could be tipped for an Oscar as the Golden Globes are considered to be a harbinger of the Oscars . In a role that he says struck close to home , he plays a washed-up wrestler whose daughter wants nothing to do with him . Aside from the hard bodies , action stars of today barely resemble their counterparts from decades earlier . Audiences appear to want more than high-octane sequences from their action heroes , and that 's not a bad thing .	Action heroes used to punch first and think about the consequences later But these days good and evil are n't so clear cut and muscles do n't conquer all It is the psychology behing a tough guy 's rage that keeps audiences engaged now The "  Bourne " trilogy and "  Quantum of Solace " are examples of this trend
CNN  -- Torrential rains and flooding since June have affected 600,000 people in 16 West African nations , the United Nations reported Tuesday . People walk in the flooded streets of Ouagadougou , Burkina Faso , last week . The worst hit have been Burkina Faso , Senegal , Ghana and Niger , said Yvon Edoumou , a spokesman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , or OCHA , in the Senegalese capital , Dakar . So far , 159 people have died , he said . Sierra Leone has also been hard hit , according to the U.N. Edoumou said removing water from flooded areas is a top priority , but powerful pumps are in short supply . "  Some people refused to leave their homes so they are living in floodwaters , " he said . The United Nations has not yet received reports of waterborne diseases , but Edoumou said a real threat exists of diarrhea or , worse , cholera . The U.N. World Food Programme said Tuesday it has begun distributing food to tens of thousands of homeless flood victims . WFP has set a goal of feeding 177,500 people , mainly in Ouagadougou , the capital of Burkina Faso , where 150,000 people have been affected and key infrastructure -- including a central hospital , schools , bridges and roads -- has been damaged . The flooding in Burkina Faso is the worst in 90 years , WFP said . Many of those in Ouagadougou most needing help were already receiving aid from WFP , but those rations were lost in the floodwaters , the U.N. reported . "  It is always the poor and vulnerable who suffer the most from floods like these as their few remaining assets are swept away , leaving them hungry and destitute , " WFP Executive Director Josette Sheeran said . Roads and buildings have been ruined from Mauritania to Niger , the U.N. reported . In Agadez , Niger , a town about 458 miles  738 km  north of the capital , Niamey , close to 988 acres  400 hectares  of vegetable crops and hundreds of livestock were washed away . Herve Ludovic de Lys , head of OCHA in West Africa , said natural disasters have a lasting effect that unravels years of progress against poverty . "  The situation is very worrying , " he said in an OCHA statement issued Tuesday . The rainy season in West Africa begins in June and continues through late September . In 2007 , 300 people died and 800,000 were affected by the storms . This year , fears abound that more heavy rain will fall in already waterlogged areas . Despite the misery , Edoumou said the rains are a mixed blessing for countries dependent on agriculture . The harvest this year will be more bountiful , he said .	U.N. begins distributing food to tens of thousands of homeless flood victims U.N. says 159 have died due to flooding ; key infrastructure damaged Waterborne diseases like cholera are a concern , U.N. official says "  It is always the poor and vulnerable who suffer the most from floods , " official says
CNN  The terrorist group Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya , in which many people have been killed and still more taken hostage . The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group 's activities , and a clear indicator that the security situation in East Africa is deteriorating fast . Somalia-based Al-Shabaab has been behind a string of recent attacks in Kenya , the most well-known of them being the massacre at the Westgate Shopping Centre in Nairobi in 2013 . Cross-border raids into Kenya by the group , however , date back to 2011 . Al-Shabaab incursions triggered a military response by the government in Nairobi , which sent troops to Somalia as part of an African Union mission in support of Somalia 's internationally recognized government that had been under pressure from Al-Shabaab and other militants for several years . Al-Shabaab is predominantly driven by the same radical interpretation of the Koran as al-Qaeda and ISIS  also known as Islamic State  , but also employs more opportunistic approaches to shoring up local support . Its origins lie in Al-Ittihad al-Islami  Unity of Islam  , one of several militant factions that emerged in the wake of the fall of Siad Barre in 1991 . These disparate groups fought each other and a U.N. peacekeeping mission in the Somali civil war that led to the complete collapse of the country , from which it has yet to recover almost quarter of a century later . Al-Shabaab  literally "  the Youth "  split from Unity of Islam in 2003 and merged with another radical Islamist group , the so-called Islamic Courts Union . As their alliance obtained control of Somalia 's capital Mogadishu in 2006 , Ethiopia , the only majority Christian country in the region , took military action against the group . The offensive weakened Al-Shabaab and pushed it back into the rural areas of central and southern Somalia , but it failed to defeat it . To the contrary , Ethiopia 's invasion and occupation of parts of Somalia -- although invited by the Somali government and backed by the African Union -- enabled Al-Shabaab to partially re-invent itself as both an Islamist and nationalist force opposing a foreign "  Christian " invasion . Initially , the group primarily attacked Ethiopian forces , but soon began to "  expand " its activities against the Somali government as well . The first attack outside Somalia was an attack in the Ugandan capital of Kampala in 2010 . Soon after this , cross-border raids in Kenya began , predominantly targeting Christians there . Increasing its links with al-Qaeda , Al-Shabaab declared its full allegiance in 2012 -- and it is not clear whether it will switch allegiances to ISIS . Much will depend on how the relationships between al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  , a long-time ally of Al-Shabaab based in Yemen , and ISIS develop . The key point is that Al-Shabaab 's attack in Garissa is part of a broader regional context of instability fueled by a huge number of factors . It must not be interpreted simply as another act of garden-variety fundamentalist terrorism . Clearly , the presence and activities of terrorist groups in the region is a major concern , and it is undoubtedly driven by radical and exclusivist interpretations of Islam . But the entire region also suffers from a range of other problems : from economic development challenges to environmental degradation ; from organized crime to inter-tribal and inter-communal violence ; from corruption to serious deficits in human rights and good governance . These entrenched inequalities help Al-Shabaab appeal to a wide variety of potential recruits , who may sympathize with and actively support the group for any number of reasons . Attacking a university in northern Kenya and separating Christian from Muslim students epitomizes the way Al-Shabaab advances itself by exploiting religious , tribal and nationalist identities . Ultimately , though , this all comes down to a struggle for control -- over people , over territory , and over resources . As long as the majority of people in the region remain excluded from any meaningful political , economic , and social participation in their societies -- which are dominated by primarily self-interested elites that put their own advance before that of their communities -- human lives matter little in the pursuit of selfish interests . It is important to counter Al-Shabaab directly , including by military means . But there wo n't be any lasting solution to the wider region 's security problems without a more comprehensive and concerted effort to address the deeper problems of exclusion suffered by the citizens of the countries challenged by Al-Shabaab . As Garissa shows , these problems are still providing oxygen for nihilistic ideologies and their deadly fruit . Copyright 2015 The Conversation . Some rights reserved .	Terrorist group Al-Shabaab has attacked a Kenyan college , killing and taking hostages It is a clear indicator the security situation in East Africa is deteriorating , says Stefan Wolff More than military action aloe is needed to combat terrorism in the region , he says
CNN  -- Apple is getting pushed around a lot these days . Digerati reaction to the iPhone 5 was "  meh , " response to the iPad Mini was akin to "  it 's about time " and we are all more excited about unicorn-like products such as an iWatch and iTV than the things you can buy right now . Apple 's strength is its Achilles ' heel : We expect it to reinvent on schedule and when , in our infinite wisdom , we believe it is not , we treat it like the kid who no longer belongs in our clique . Some of this is to be expected when a company with as incredible a recent track record as Apple 's seems to be resting more on its laurels than finding new battles to win . Since the quixotic introduction of the iMac in 1998 -- reinvigorating the desktop computer well into the age of portables -- Apple has been on a tear : • The iPod  2001 • The iTunes Store , allowing the purchase of single music tracks  2003 • The Apple retail store  2004 • The iPhone  2007 • The iPad  2010 And you can add to list that Steve Jobs ' revitalization of the animated feature film through his acquisition of Pixar . That 's a lot of imagination in a very short time . Apple has n't just dominated the story for a decade : It has written the story of the past decade . That is a lot to live up to . Most companies ca n't . It 's particularly brutal for tech  as opposed to , say , shampoo  companies , which at best can usually hope to set the pace for only about generation until they settle into a comfortable middle class . Call it the Microsoft Curve . Microsoft dominated through the red-hot '90s , the height of the PC era . It is n't going anywhere . It still prints money by selling MS-Office and Windows licenses . But look at a five-year stock price chart , and you 'll see it has gone exactly nowhere . The only people dancing for joy about owning a Windows computer seem to be in those Surface Pro TV ads . At the bottom of the pile there is the sad tale of Palm -- the hottest tech company on the planet for far too brief a time . Palm Pilots were once everywhere . But the company stumbled by failing to recognize quickly enough that , in the age of the Internet , no one wanted a portable device that could n't get online . How Samsung is out-innovating Apple Another hard luck case is Research in Motion -- now BlackBerry . That company did get the portable device memo , but it spectacularly misjudged the smartphone revolution sparked by Apple . Now Apple is this unfamiliar territory : Successful on paper , products seen everywhere , Macbooks and iPhone placed in seemingly every TV show and movie and yet ... the cool factor is cooling off . There is a big difference between atmospherics and actuality , of course . But nobody wants to be thought of as a has-been in the making . The lesson of tech history is that smart companies crash when they believe what they have already done is all they need to do : that doubling-down and trash-talking the competition is what it takes . Exhibit A ? Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer himself , whose initial public reaction to the iPhone was that business customers would n't want it "  because it does n't have a keyboard , which makes it not a very good e-mail machine . " This would be a good time to mention that increasingly large numbers of these "  business customers " now want an iPhone at work , challenging Microsoft at what has been its enterprise stronghold . Apple 's search for its next billion-dollar product Success is never assured , but it can only be extended only two ways : If you corner the market , impossible in the uberdisruptive tech space , or if you are unabashedly willing to question everything , all the time . Facebook began life as the world 's most exclusive private social network -- only Harvard students need apply . But it became a public company worth $ 68 billion because it decided instead to become the world 's least exclusive private network . Even Palm 's trajectory might have been different if it had inverted its thinking in time : Imagine a Palm Pilot not as a personal information manager with connectivity , but a connected device with PIM applications , and you have described exactly what the smartphone is today . There is no reason to think Apple wo n't thrive financially for years to come , just like Microsoft . But its continued reputation as the chief arbiter of cool is being challenged . Apple may still have the best-selling smartphone in the world , but the many others powered by rival Google 's Android operating system -- and especially those made by Samsung -- far exceed the iPhone . For years , tech writers reviewed each new smartphone on a simple grading scale : Is this the iPhone killer ? None has been , but collectively the point has been made : No phone has killed the iPhone , but plenty of them co-exist just fine , thank you very much . We expect the unexpected from Apple , and the company does nothing to tamp down these expectations . So when it does n't dazzle us , ennui begins to creep in . Apple is also burdened by what I called at the time the meaningless milestone of having become the biggest company ever . Where do you go from there ? You are either still the biggest , or slipping . Consolidating your lead is fine and all , but it is n't sexy . My own prediction of Apple 's prospects is that needs to worry about becoming a mid-packer only after the CEO Tim Cook and designer Jony Ive -- the other tow members of the triumvirate headed by Steve Jobs -- are no longer with the company . Until then , perhaps a decade from now , you bet against Apple at your own peril . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of John Abell .	John Abell : Reactions to iPhone 5 and iPad Mini were , for new Apple products , lukewarm Abell : Apple a prisoner of its reputation ; we expect new products in quick succession Android-run products are threatening the once-invincible Apple iPhone , he says Abell : Apple 's being ganged up on , but it will stay strong for at least 10 more years
CNN  -- Wait -- we were n't done pondering the Xbox 720 . So what , if anything , is "  Xbox 8 " ? The real , no-fun , answer is "  maybe nothing . " But it 's been enough to kick up a round of speculation among tech and gaming enthusiasts after Microsoft fought , and won , against a cybersquatter who had grabbed the Web address for that name . The National Arbitration Forum , which handles international business disputes , ruled in Microsoft 's favor in a complaint against a Chinese national who had filed for a whole host of addresses representing both current and imagined products . They included XboxPhone.com , XboxTablet.com , XboxLiveTV.com , XboxCompanion.com , Xbox8.us and Xbox8.org . Microsoft filed the complaints in May . Tech site Fusible reports that the domains listed in the disputes were ordered transferred to Microsoft in late June after two separate panels found the man who filed for them had no rights to the domains and that they were being used "  in bad faith . " The inclusion of "  Xbox 8 " may have just been a matter of Microsoft gaining control over anything that looks as if it should be theirs . But its inclusion alongside other names that are easier to explain sparked speculation online Tuesday about what the name might mean . Many observers immediately wondered whether it might be the name of the next Xbox gaming and entertainment console . Microsoft is widely expected to roll out a new version of its popular Xbox 360 console within the next year . The name most people expect ? Xbox 720 . Last month , a 56-page document from Microsoft was leaked . Dating back to mid-2010 , the document contained plans for an "  Xbox 720 " that utilizes the new Xbox SmartGlass system and new hardware for its Kinect motion-recognition system . Perhaps a better guess is that "  Xbox 8 " could be software . Windows 8 promises to be a massive overhaul of the operating system that will marry PCs with tablets and smartphones . It stands to reason that the Xbox will be included and "  Xbox 8 " would make sense in this regard . Of course , imagining a new console is more exciting . "  XBox 8 ? Did n't know the XBox 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 and 7 came out , " one Twitter user wrote . Alas , says gaming site Joystiq : "  It 's tempting to suspect Microsoft is eyeing ` Xbox 8 ' as the next console name due to the two domains that reference it ; however , Microsoft already began integrating Xbox Live , and the ` Xbox ' name , into all its consumer products , including Windows 8 . Also , it would be really weird if a domain squatter guessed the name . "	Microsoft secures Web addresses for "  Xbox 8 " A Chinese cybersquatter had grabbed that domain and others Some wonder whether Xbox 8 is the name of the next console With Windows 8 on the way , the name could suggest a connection
CNN  -- A Western security contractor was brutally assaulted in southern Iraq this week by a Shiite mob after he reportedly insulted their sect of Islam . A 10-minute video circulating on social media sites showed an angry mob of men carrying metal rods , a pickax and other sharp objects attacking the car the man was in , smashing the glass and dragging him out . More than a dozen men are seen beating the man , who pleaded for the attackers to stop as blood streamed down his face . The security contractor 's condition was unclear on Wednesday . According to local media reports , the man was identified as a British security consultant from the UK-based private security firm G4S contracted by the oil services company Schlumberger at Iraq 's Rumeilah oil field , the country 's largest . The man reportedly tore down flags with the images of two of Shiite Islam 's most revered imams -- Imam Ali and Imam Hussein -- that Iraqi staff had placed on a company car on Monday . The security contractor appeared to be wearing a G4S T-shirt in the video . Neither G4S nor Schlumberger has responded to CNN 's requests for comment on the incident . Among the attackers were Iraqi guards from the Canada-based security company Garda World , which has an office in the United States . A spokesman for Garda World confirmed to CNN that some of its employees were involved in the incident . "  Garda World employees were not involved in the initial incident , " Joe Gavaghan , a company spokesman , told CNN on Wednesday . "  But during subsequent disturbance a small number of local national employees took part . " Gavaghan said Garda World was working with "  the client " and local authorities to investigate the incident . "  We take this issue seriously and are well aware of cultural sensitivities ... We do not tolerate inappropriate behavior , " he said . A number of Iraqi men , including Garda World guards , are seen later in the video trying to stop the assault by the mob that at times chanted Shiite slogans . Amid the chaos at the end of the video , a member of the Iraqi security forces appears on the scene as the man was dragged away before the clip ended . The British Foreign Office told CNN on Wednesday they were aware of "  an incident " and "  are providing consular assistance . " According to a statement by the Basra local government , Gov. Majed al-Nasrawi met with senior local security and oil officials on Tuesday about the incident . In that meeting , according to the statement , the governor stated that religious symbols are a "  red line that can not be crossed . " While rejecting what they described as "  violations , " local officials called on all parties to "  resort to logic and wisdom and allow the security forces and the judiciary to take their natural course in this case , " the statement said . The incident took place as Shiite Muslims prepare to observe Ashura , one of the holiest days in the Shiite calendar marking the death of Imam Hussain , a 7th century imam and the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed . For decades under Saddam Hussein and his Sunni Arab dominated regime , the Shiite majority in Iraq were banned from practicing their religious rituals . Over the past decade since the fall of the regime , Shiite banners and flags with the images of Shiite figures have become more visible in Shiite-dominated areas of the country . CNN 's Ashleigh Cowie in London and Salma Abdelaziz in Atlanta contributed to this report .	A mob of men drags a contractor out of a car and beats him , a video shows The contractor allegedly tore down flags of important imams , local media report The British man 's condition is unknown ; the British Foreign office is aware of the incident Shiite Muslims are preparing to celebrate Ashura , which honors a 7th century imam
CNN  -- Wall Street Journal reporter David Bird left his New Jersey home Saturday evening , hoping to take a quick walk before it rained . He has n't been seen since . For the past several days , authorities and dozens of volunteers have been scouring the area around Bird 's Long Hill home to find the missing 55-year-old father of two , who was known to walk the trails around his house . Bird was a recipient of a liver transplant nine years ago and requires medication twice a day , his sister-in-law Chris Fleming said . "  We have every reason to believe that he just wanted to go for a little stroll , " longtime family friend Jacquie Petras told CNN affiliate News 12 New Jersey . "  There 's nothing pointing to anything else . " Bird is an energy markets reporter at the Wall Street Journal . Fleming described him as a great guy who wrote a letter to the family of his liver donor every year . "  He felt very thankful to the donor family for giving him his life that their loved one allowed him to live , " Fleming said . "  Life was a gift , and he was very , very grateful . " The investigation is being handled by the local police and prosecutor 's officer as well as the FBI . Wall Street Journal managing editor Gerard Baker called Bird a "  longtime member of the Dow Jones newsroom . " "  Our thoughts are with his family and we are working with the Long Hill Township Police Department as they continue their search . " Media reports have said that Bird 's credit card was reportedly used Wednesday in Mexico , but Fleming said the family is baffled by these reports . Police are still following up on any and all leads , Fleming added . "  There is nothing in his background that shows any indiscretions , " Chief Michael Mazzeo of the Long Hill Township Police Department told CNN affiliate WABC . Residents around Long Hill have been asked by police to check their properties for signs of Bird , in case he sought protection from the rainy weekend weather . "  It just does n't seem real , " Fleming said . "  We just want to bring him home . " CNN 's Elizabeth Landers and Jacqueline Rose contributed to this report .	Reporter David Bird left home for a walk on Saturday , friends say The 55-year-old father of two has n't been seen since His credit card reportedly was used in Mexico
CNN  -- In parts of France , he is regarded as sailing 's answer to David Beckham , but Alex Thomson is just happy to be alive rather than fretting about his potential celebrity status . Eight years ago Thomson was quietly lying in the bunk of his yacht in the early hours of a Thursday morning listening to his iPod when his near-death experience began . In the heart of the Southern Ocean , 1,000 miles from the nearest land , South Africa , his boat suddenly pitched completely to its side . With his keel broken , Thomson began his battle to stay alive . "  Things go through your mind like ` is this it ? ' " he recalls of what remains the biggest low of his career during the Velux 5 Oceans race in 2006 . "  But then survival kicks in . What else are you going to do ? Everyone else says ` that 's amazing ' but you do n't have a choice . No one else is going to help you . " Except someone did come to his aid -- his sailing nemesis Mike Golding , with whom Thomson had spectacularly fallen out with on the eve of the race . Thomson had opted not to finish the prologue race while leading -- superstitiously believing that to do so would scupper his chances of overall victory . No prologue winner had ever won the race . It meant that Golding , who was also planning a similar strategy , took the win -- and was left fuming . "  He felt that I 'd stitched him up on purpose , " says Thomson . "  Words were said , a slanging match ensued and he called me a ` jumped-up little pr ** k. ' " Despite the pair 's spat , Golding gave up his own race ambitions -- he was second at the time -- to rescue a sailor in need . It took Golding a further 10 hours to reach Thomson , before the pair opted -- in the sleet and snow -- to undertake the rescue at first light . Wearing his survival suit , Thomson jumped ship into his life raft amid a 15-foot swell approaching the eye of a storm . Three times , Golding tried to undertake the high speed and treacherous rescue . Only to fail three times . During the fourth attempt , which was ultimately successful , Thomson broke his arm as he held on to some webbing . "  I remember an albatross sat in the water next to me in the life raft as I left myself go from the boat , " says Thomson . "  The albatross felt like a mascot -- it gave me a warm feeling . Mike felt all the responsibility on him and he saw it differently -- he felt like it was a vulture to him . " The pair hugged before collapsing , both exhausted on the deck before Thomson went into shock . Golding dressed his wounds and the pair had a cup of coffee before a 40-knot icy gust hit the boat resulting in the mast on Golding 's yacht breaking . "  I remember saying ` I 'm so sorry ' and he stood over me and said ` do you know what the moral of the story is ? ' and I thought he was going to punch me . ` Do n't come first or second in the prologue ! ' " The pair worked tirelessly together for eight days to sail into Cape Town -- a city where Golding had married his wife -- and from that moment onwards understandably become the best of friends . The eight-year anniversary of their rescue has just passed but Thomson has not been put off by the perils of the high seas . When most people will be preparing to pop champagne corks on New Year 's Eve , he will set off on his next quest , the Barcelona World Race , a two-man non-stop circumnavigation of the globe with Spanish sailor Pepe Ribas . Thomson is far more welcoming than the British seas on the day we meet . Boarding is done on the move from a rib  small speedboat  and seconds after the usual greeting niceties , I 'm put in the driving seat . Sailing such a boat at a 35-degree angle as it creaks noisily underneath is unnerving , the steering column responsive to the slightest push from the curved blue seat from which Thomson dictates his myriad voyages . The bearded Thomson is not tall but oozes a physicality that makes you realize he is well equipped to take whatever the sea throws at him . One minute he is cracking a joke or recalling a past sailing anecdote , the next deadly serious barking instructions to his team on board . For the most part , though , Thomson likes to be alone , his long term goal a return to solo sailing in the 2016 Vendee Globe . At the back of his mind when he sets out on that particular venture , he does so knowing he may never come back again . "  The emotion is horrendous , " he says looking back to the start of the last Vendee Globe when he finished third . "  Your family and friends are there , in fact 500,000 people are there at the start . They come to watch the start as they know that maybe you wo n't come back again . " His long-term mentor Sir Keith Mills , who is also a key figure in Ben Ainslie 's America 's Cup venture , reportedly told Thomson , "  I 've been to Olympic Games , World Cup finals and I 've never experienced anything like this . " In the Vendee region of France , Thomson says he is held up on a pedestal , given superstar status like Beckham . Locals will give him free drinks and meals , while the short walk on the harbor to his boat will see him stop to sign autographs for scores of fans . Back at home , the married father of two becomes invisible among the public . "  No one pays attention to me and I like that , although it 's nice to be a superstar for a week or two . " The Vendee is a race that no Briton has ever won before and Thomson is determined to be the first but he knows that trip and his upcoming one from Barcelona are hard to take for his family . "  My wife -LSB- Kate -RSB- worries every day and not just her but the team as they are a family , " he says . "  Sometimes you forget to call or you say ` sorry , got to go ' as you need to ease the main sheet or whatever and then you forget to ring back . "  They 'll be tearing their hair out as they 're not in control of the situation . " But the sailing , and in particular the solo sailing , is a drug that he can not give up , and something he says he would even do for free such is his obsession with the sport . "  If you 're performing well , it 's great . It 's like every day winning the 100 meters as you always feel like you 're performing . "  If you 're not doing well it 's like hell on earth . I 've had both ends of the spectrum and I just love that performing end . " Thomson has gained notoriety for two sailing stunts , one in which he stood on the keel of his boat as it was titled to the side in race mode before jumping off , the other seeing him hurtle up the mast before diving into the ocean -- both times bedecked in a designer suit . Conscious of the risks involved of stunts and voyages alike , Thomson uses sports psychologist Ken Way to talk him through the emotions he is experiencing . "  I use Ken if I 've got a challenge that needs overcoming , " he says . "  When you 're on deck , it 's pretty scary but when you go inside your brain is screaming at you ` you 're going to die . ' "  So to be able to go to sleep when your body 's pumping adrenalin into it and keeping you alive is really quite hard . " The psychologist has taught Thomson visualization exercises to keep his demons at bay . "  I visualize being above the boat but not in the clouds , outside it . I can look down at the boat , I can see it 's windy , the waves are big but it 's not too bad . "  I can see there are no icebergs , containers , whales . That allows me to calm down a bit but you have to work out what it is , how to address it and it takes months being able to deal with that . " Whatever the formula , it is clearly working . Thomson remains in a select band of about 100 people to have circumnavigated solo around the globe . Now he wants to be the quickest .	Alex Thomson on the perils of sailing around the world and his one near-death experience Briton had to be rescued by his nemesis Mike Golding , breaking his arm in the process Thomson is preparing for his latest treacherous adventure at the end of the year In the sailing-obsessed Vendee region of France , he is treated like David Beckham
Mexico City  CNN  -- The United Nations ' cultural organization recognized mariachi music Sunday in a move that Mexican authorities hope will help preserve the well-known tradition . The songs -- often played on festive occasions by groups of guitar , violin and trumpet performers wearing traditional clothes or wide-brimmed hats -- are sung throughout Mexico , and have become a key part of regional identity , officials said . "  The community and the family hand down musically their knowledge , history and the pleasure of singing to the nature surrounding them . They consider it their own , " Mexican officials said in their application to the United Nations Organization for Education , Science and Culture  UNESCO  , which added mariachi music to the organization 's list of intangible cultural patrimony Sunday . Putting mariachi on the list could increase awareness of the music , UNESCO said in a statement Sunday . "  Learning by ear is the main means of transmission of traditional Mariachi , and the skill is usually passed down from fathers to sons and through performance at festive , religious and civil events , " the statement said . Mexico 's application notes that the music "  has crossed borders and become a symbol of Mexico . " "  Immigrants , descendants of Mexicans living abroad , as well as Latin Americans , have made the modern mariachi a symbol of community identity , because it is a bond linking them to their roots in spite of the distance , " the application says . Jorge Aquino , director of the Mexican Music School in Mexico City , told CNNMexico.com last year that the music has evolved over time , and also drawn greater international attention . "  Now including in foreign countries like the United States , Japan and Colombia , there are mariachi schools , mariachi classes , mariachi degrees , " he said . Many of Mexico 's monuments have already been honored by the United Nations ' cultural organization . Last year UNESCO added traditional Mexican food to its intangible cultural patrimony list . In 2008 , the organization recognized Mexico 's traditional Day of the Dead celebration . This year UNESCO also added 13 other items to its list , including Chinese shadow puppetry , a ritual of transplanting rice in Hiroshima , Japan , and "  poetic dueling " in Cyprus . CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	UNESCO officials decide to honor mariachi music Government : Mariachi music "  has crossed borders , " become a national symbol The music also helps immigrants abroad stay connected , the government says UNESCO has recognized Mexican food and many of the nation 's monuments
CNN  -- A bullet thought to have been from a shootout between carjackers and municipal police in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , struck a woman walking in neighboring El Paso , Texas , Tuesday morning , El Paso 's mayor told CNN . The still unidentified woman , 48 , was shot in the lower leg ; her injuries were not considered life-threatening . El Paso Mayor John Cook said local police investigating the incident had not officially confirmed that the bullet came from Juarez , but they were "  treating it as if it did , " he said . "  It 's still matter of speculation , " he added . "  Early on , it became evident this may have been a stray bullet rather than a targeted shooting in downtown , " local police said in a press release . "  The El Paso Police Department continues its investigation and is working closely with its counterparts in Mexico . " If the bullet did in fact come from Mexico , this is "  the first time a person has been hit " in the 3Â 1/2 year since drug-fueled violence escalated in neighboring Juarez , Cook added . In Juarez , a shootout between suspected carjackers and the municipal police happened around 11 a.m.  1 p.m. ET  , about the same time the woman was shot , according to municipal police spokesman Adrian Sanchez . He was unaware of any connection between that shooting and the incident in El Paso . "  We have an office that works with the U.S. and so far we have not received a report from them saying the two incidents were connected , " he added . El Paso police said that while they were responding to the shooting , the El Paso 911 center "  received numerous calls advising of shots fired near the border in Juarez , Mexico . " Just about a mile separates downtown El Paso from Juarez . "  Under the right circumstances there is a possibility that a round fired from an AK-type weapon could travel that far , conceivably , " Mike Brooks , HLN Law Enforcement analyst told CNN . "  It depends on what kind of round it is and how heavy the round is . " "  We 're advising the citizens of El Paso that this is an isolated incident . We do n't want people to start panicking , " he said . At least four schools in El Paso went on lockdown shortly after the woman was reported being shot . "  We were alerted by local police about concerns in the area , " Estela Reyes , the press officer for the La Fe Preparatory School , told CNN . "  We were in lockdown by 11:30 a.m. and lifted it about 30 minutes later . The kids were never in any imminent danger , " she said . Reyes said her school is about "  seven or eight blocks " from downtown El Paso and she never heard gunfire from Juarez . In June 2010 , the El Paso City Hall was struck by several rounds , which local police believe the shots may have come from a shooting in Juarez . About two months later , a similar incident occurred when a building at the University of Texas at El Paso was struck by a bullet . School officials believe that round also came from a shooting in Juarez .	A woman in downtown El Paso was struck in the leg by a bullet Tuesday El Paso police are treating the incident as if the bullet came from Juarez It occurred at about the same time as a shootout between Juarez police and carjackers At least four schools in El Paso went into lockdown after reports of the shooting
CNN  -- President Obama unveiled plans Wednesday to open large swaths of U.S. coastal waters in the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico to oil and natural gas drilling -- a move likely to please the energy industry but upset the administration 's environmentalist supporters . The administration plan would include lifting a 20-year ban on drilling off the Virginia coastline , while putting the clamps on sites such as southwest Alaska 's Bristol Bay . Parts of the Arctic Ocean off Alaska 's North Slope , however , could be accessed . The plan authorizes the Interior Department to conduct seismic surveys off the south - and mid-Atlantic coasts to "  determine the quantity and location of potential oil and gas resources to support energy planning , " according to a statement from a White House official . What are your hopes for the environment ? Roughly two-thirds of available oil and gas resources in the eastern Gulf of Mexico would be opened to drilling if a congressional moratorium on oil and gas operations in the region is lifted , according to the statement . Drilling would occur more than 125 miles off the Florida coast . "  This is not a decision that I 've made lightly , " Obama told an audience at Maryland 's Joint Base Andrews Naval Air Facility . "  But the bottom line is this : Given our energy needs , in order to sustain economic growth and produce jobs and keep our businesses competitive , we 're going to need to harness traditional sources of fuel even as we ramp up production of new sources of renewable , homegrown energy . " The president was joined during his remarks by the secretaries of the interior , energy and the Navy , as well as the chairwoman of the White House Council on Environmental Quality . GOP leaders have pushed strongly for additional domestic drilling to lessen America 's dependence on outside energy sources . One top Republican , however , argued Obama 's plan does not go far enough . "  It 's long past time for this administration to stop delaying American energy production off all our shores , " said House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  Opening up areas off the Virginia coast to offshore production is a positive step , but keeping the Pacific Coast and Alaska , as well as the most promising resources of the Gulf of Mexico , under lock and key makes no sense at a time when gasoline prices are rising and Americans are asking ` Where are the jobs ? ' " A top Senate Democrat also ripped the decision , arguing it could harm marine life while damaging the economy in coastal communities . "  Giving Big Oil more access to our nation 's waters is really a ` Kill , Baby , Kill ' policy , " said Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey . "  It threatens to kill jobs , kill marine life and kill coastal economies that generate billions of dollars . Offshore drilling is n't the solution to our energy problems , and I will fight this policy and continue to push for 21st-century clean-energy solutions . " Environmentalists critical of Obama drilling plan House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , warned that any offshore or onshore plan should proceed in an environmentally and fiscally responsible manner . "  Taxpayers who own these resources have been historically shortchanged from the huge profits received from drilling on public lands , and must receive a fair return in the future , " she said . Another key Democrat , Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia , praised the move , calling it "  good news and a positive step forward as we work to expand our nation 's domestic energy production . " "  Moving forward on the mid-Atlantic offshore proposal will provide an opportunity to determine the scope of our region 's offshore energy resources , the economic viability of accessing those resources and the potential impacts on our environmental and national security priorities , " he said . Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell , a Republican , joined Warner in enthusiastically backing the decision . "  Virginians will benefit from the thousands of jobs that will be created and the economic activity and development that will accompany this vital industry 's arrival in the state , " McDonnell said in a statement . Obama sought to portray his decision as politically pragmatic and centrist , balancing the country 's growing energy needs and environmental concerns . The administration has been "  guided not by political ideology , but by scientific evidence , " he said . "  We need to move beyond the tired debates between right and left , between business leaders and environmentalists , between those who would claim drilling is a cure-all and those who would claim it has no place . Because this issue is just too important to allow our progress to languish while we fight the same old battles over and over again . " The president warned that increased drilling could only be a partial solution at best . The United States controls less than 2 percent of the world 's oil reserves but accounts for more than 20 percent of global oil consumption , he noted . White House spokesmen Bill Burton and Ben LaBolt said the announcement was being made at Andrews -- the home base of presidential airplane Air Force One -- because it 's an appropriate place to discuss energy security . In addition to discussing his plans for offshore drilling , Obama talked about the importance of making greater use of biofuels . The U.S. Air Force is the Pentagon 's largest consumer of jet fuel , consuming 2.4 billion gallons annually , according to Burton and LaBolt . The Air Force , however , is attempting to transition to a greater use of alternative fuels . In addition , the Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Transportation are set to sign an agreement Thursday establishing fuel economy standards for cars and trucks for model years 2012 to 2016 . "  We are implementing policies that will greatly reduce our dependence on foreign oil , " the official said , noting the White House is leading by example and will announce the purchase of 5,000 hybrid vehicles for the federal fleet . CNN 's Dan Lothian , Suzanne Malveaux , Deirdre Walsh , Alan Silverleib , Lisa Desjardins and Erika Dimmler contributed to this report .	One Democratic senator slams the plan while another praises it U.S. will need traditional fuels while developing new ones , Obama says Proposal includes lifting a 20-year ban on drilling off the Virginia coastline One Republican leader says Obama plan does n't go far enough
CNN  -- In their tall , fur hats and embellished traditional jackets , hundreds of Cossacks are patrolling the streets of Sochi , Russia , as the 2014 Winter Olympic Games approach . These Russian soldiers , whose ancestry dates back thousands of years , are known in the West for their gravity-defying dance style . Closer to home , the Cossacks have long symbolized rebellion and military might in Western and Southern Russia and Ukraine . That reputation was further enhanced by Russian literature giants Leo Tolstoy and Alexander Pushkin , whose writings contributed to the myth surrounding the Cossacks . But within their high hats is hidden a dark history . Known for rebelling against Russia 's feudal system , the Cossack state allied itself with Russia 's tsars to help create the monolithic Russian Empire . These warrior horsemen helped bring Russian rule to vast parts of the country , most notably Siberia . Opinion : The Olympics ' forgotten people During the 14th , 15th and 16th centuries , the Cossacks fought for the Russian crown in regional wars against the Russian people , garnering a reputation as the tsars ' henchmen . Acting on behalf of the Russian Empire , the Cossacks carried out pogroms , or massacres of the Jews , in 19th century Russia . But over time , the tsars became wary of the Cossacks ' impunity against the Russian Empire and their inability to fully control them . So , when the Cossacks again turned to rebellion against the empire and its imposed rule , the tsars ruthlessly punished the Cossack leaders and their warriors , as documented in the Cossack rebellion , led by Yemelyan Pugachev , against Catherine the Great in the late 18th century . The tsars and the Cossacks found themselves united once again during the rise of the Bolsheviks in the early 20th century . The Cossacks supported Tsar Nicolas II and the anti-communist forces that made up the White Movement during the Bolshevik revolution in 1917 and the ensuing Russian Civil War . After the Bolsheviks  who later became Communists  came to power , they massacred many Cossacks for their opposition to the revolution . Since the fall of the Soviet Union in the late 20th century , there has been a revival of Cossack culture and pride in Russia and the former Soviet states . Russia has been turning to the Cossacks to help bolster security , even before Sochi was named as the host city for the 2014 Winter Olympics . Russian forces hunt Dagestan militants , ` black widows ' Last year , the governor of Russia 's Krasnodar region -- where Sochi is located -- hired about 1,000 Cossack patrolman to rein in the surge of illegal immigrants , mostly Muslim , according to the New York Times . "  What you can not do , a Cossack can , " Krasnodar Gov. Aleksandr Tkachev explained to local police . His comments sparked an outcry from Sochi natives , minorities and migrants . Analysts say it is not a coincidence that the Cossacks ' revival is taking place as nationalism and xenophobia are on the rise in Russia . This new role for the Cossacks has opened up a "  can of worms , " writes Valeriy Dzutsev , an analyst with the Jamestown Foundation . That 's because some Cossacks are starting to demand more power and land from Moscow "  to support the process of the rebirth of the Cossacks , " Dzutsev writes in the Central Asial-Caucasus Institute  CACI  Analyst . And Dzutsev warns that Russia 's reliance on the Cossacks "  may naturally translate into conflicts between the indigenous population of the North Caucasus and the Cossacks . " So far , most Russians have embraced this rebirth of the Cossacks , due in part to the mythology surrounding them , aided by Tolstoy and Pushkin 's writings . But as Moscow calls on the Cossacks to fulfill this myth of the warrior class -- traditional clothing and all -- the tumultuous relationship between the Cossacks and the Russian Empire will be important to remember .	Russia has deployed Cossack soldiers to help with Olympics security The Cossacks were once known as the henchmen of Russia 's tsars They fought against the Communist revolution and fell out of favor Since the fall of the Soviet Union , there has been a revival of Cossack culture and pride
CNN  -- Injured Formula One star Robert Kubica needs more surgery before he can start rehabilitation following his crash at the weekend . The Polish driver 's team said the 26-year-old would remain in hospital for up to three weeks after the operations in Italy , where he had been competing in a rally event . "  On Thursday , Robert should undergo some more surgery in order to stabilize the fractures to his right shoulder and right foot , " Lotus Renault announced on its website on Tuesday . "  Three or four days later , another operation will allow his elbow fracture to be stabilized as well . Robert will remain at the Santa Corona Hospital for two to three weeks . A decision will then be taken about where he should go in order to continue his rehabilitation . " The Britain-based team said Kubica , its lead driver ahead of the 2011 season , was determined to fight back from the multiple fractures . He is being treated at Santa Corona hospital in Pietra Ligure . Kubica badly hurt in rallying crash "  Yesterday , Robert was able to talk to his doctors and relatives . His medication makes him sleep quite a lot , but he is responding to all external stimulation , " the statement continued . "  He has reacted well to the news about his condition and is ready to fight for his comeback . " Kubica required several transfusions during the initial seven-hour emergency procedure to stabilize his condition after losing a lot of blood following the high-speed accident . Renault and Lotus launch new cars By Monday , Renault reported that he could move his fingers , while his surgeon Dr. Mario Igor Rosello said the lack of swelling or infection on his right forearm was also a "  good sign . " Kubica , who hit a guard rail when he lost control of his Skoda Fabia during the Ronde de Andorra rally , is certain to miss the start of the F1 season in Bahrain on March 13 . In his place , Lotus Renault could promote one of the team 's two reserve drivers -- Bruno Senna , who raced for HRT in 2010 , and Frenchman Romain Grosjean -- to line up on the grid with young Russian Vitaly Petrov .	Robert Kubica to have more operations on Thursday and then a few days later Polish driver to stay in Italian hospital for next two or three weeks He will miss the start of the F1 season on March 13 with his Lotus Renault team The 26-year-old had been UK-based team 's lead driver ahead of Bahrain opener
Budget Travel  -- You can never have enough time in the Grand Canyon -- after all , it 's a billion-plus years in the making . We help you get the most of your stay whether you 've got a week , a weekend or just a few hours . 1 . The drive by , South Rim For all its stature as an American icon , the Grand Canyon belongs to the world , too . On any given day , the South Rim may be the country 's most diverse place , an international village with a population that changes by the hour -- Buddhist monks in saffron robes and Mennonite women in black bonnets , busloads of grand-touring Germans and giggling Japanese teens moving and texting in packs , even a Scotsman playing bagpipes for an audience of hikers and curious ravens on a promontory . Where to start : Grand Canyon Visitor Center . A short walk to Mather Point , the newly renovated center shows a free , 20-minute orientation film twice an hour in its new auditorium . nps.gov / grca . Where to stay : Bright Angel Lodge . Less than a hundred feet from the rim , this National Landmark is celebrated for its history -- and its ice-cream fountain . grandcanyonlodges.com , rooms from $ 81 , ice-cream $ 2.65 . Budget Travel : 10 prettiest castle towns Where to eat : Arizona Room Steaks . This is the place for BBQ ribs , chicken and fish , all served with a Southwestern flavor . Lime-marinated chicken $ 16.50 . Where to go : Kolb Studio Art Exhibits . Rotating exhibits on canyon art , archaeology and history , as well as a permanent display of the Kolb Brothers ' seminal photos . grandcanyon.org/kolb , admission free . Do n't miss : Even the quickie canyon visitor must do one thing : hike below the rim on Bright Angel Trail . That 's because as the mile-plus trail drops , it redefines the space . Cliffs that appeared insignificant tower above the trail ; woodlands thin out to scrubbier , desert-like vegetation . Photos : America 's dazzling national parks 2 . The long weekend , North Rim A five-hour drive from the nearest major airport , the North Rim attracts the sort of visitors inclined to linger . They pause a little longer at the lookouts . They store up on provisions for a hike , and along the route , they 'll see ecosystems change as if they 'd walked from Canada to Mexico , and the rocks on view age more than a billion years . It 's a trip through space and time . Where to start : North Rim Visitor Center . Get tips from a park ranger , visit the bookstore and take in interpretive programs . nps.gov / grca . Where to stay : Grand Canyon Lodge . The only lodge within the North Rim , it features cabins with stunning views and simpler motel rooms with private baths . Rooms from $ 116 . Budget Travel : A coffee addict 's guide to the world Where to eat : Grand Canyon Cookout . Experience slow-cooked brisket , roasted chicken and an evening of country music under the stars . Adults $ 35 , children 6-15 $ 22 , June 1-September 30 . What to do : Mule Trips . Guided rides from an hour-long trip along the rim to a half-day excursion descending 2,300 feet down into the Supai Tunnel . nps.gov / grca , one-hour trip $ 40 , half-day $ 75 , ages 7 and older . Do n't miss : The North Kaibab Trail stretches 14 miles and is the only maintained trail that leads to the Colorado River . The rim-to-river round-trip requires one overnight , at least , with ample rest along the way . Refuel at Roaring Springs , a half-mile below the rim , and up camp at the Cottonwood Campground , Bright Angel Campground or Phantom Ranch . Can Cars Land revive California Adventure ? 3 . The full week , North and South rims After a few days of a week-long trip , something happens . A moment comes when the canyon ceases to be an icon and finally becomes real . In a world where the instantaneous is n't fast enough , the Grand Canyon measures time not in billionths of seconds but in billions of years . You ca n't tweet the Grand Canyon . The panoramas keep changing , and with every mile , the canyon becomes a living place , not an extra-wide postcard . Where to stay/eat : El Tovar . The dining room is built of pine and native stone , the veranda views are spectacular , and Teddy Roosevelt himself slept here . grandcanyonlodges.com , rooms from $ 178  kids under 16 stay free  , wild salmon $ 24 . Where to go : All-Star Grand Canyon Tours . Guided excursions , from a short , no-sweat option in an SUV to longer backpacking hikes . allstargrandcanyontours.com , adults from $ 120 , kids 4-15 $ 90 , toddlers 3 and under $ 55 . Budget Travel : 4 common airport security questions -- answered ! What to do : Grand Canyon Field Institute . Run by a nonprofit partner of the park , the institute offers single - or multi-day classes in photography , natural history , archaeology and more . grandcanyon.org/fieldinstitute , classes from $ 195 . How to camp : Permits can be requested in person or in writing no earlier than four months before a trip . $ 10 fee , plus $ 5 per person per night spent camping below the rim . Do n't miss : The most compelling reason for a week in the canyon is to visit both rims . At nearly 9,000 feet , the North Rim sits more than 1,000 feet higher than the South . The extra elevation reverses the familiar perspective and puts you closer to the epic temples and plateaus . Suddenly , amazingly , the Grand Canyon feels new again . Budget Travel : Top budget travel destinations for 2012 Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Whether you 've got a week or just a few hours , make the most of your Grand Canyon trip The South Rim , which may be the country 's most diverse place , is good for a quick trip The North Rim attracts visitors inclined to stay a little longer The most compelling reason for a week in the canyon is to visit both rims
CNN  -- Its coach , Lucio Antunes , is an air-traffic controller , but not even he would have predicted that the tiny island of Cape Verde would soar into the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations Sunday . The smallest ever nation to score and win at the tournament , Cape Verde defeated Angola 2-1 in Port Elizabeth , South Africa . There are 10 islands -- with a population of just half a million -- which make up Cape Verde 's archipelago . But in its first ever appearance at the finals , where most were expecting it to fail , the ` Blue Sharks ' have captured the imagination of the watching world with its fairytale story . Mourinho mentors Cape Verde 's ` Special One ' Antunes , whose side defeated the might of Cameroon in the qualifying playoff , had drawn with host South Africa and Morocco in its previous two group games . And despite trailing 1-0 through an own-goal , the ` Blue Sharks ' hit back with two strikes in the final nine minutes to see off Angola . "  My team and I dedicate this victory to the wonderful people of the Cape Verde Islands , " he told reporters . "  Our objective at this tournament has been achieved . We wanted to reach the quarterfinals . " After earning independence from Portugal in 1975 , Cape Verde had to wait 17 years before being able to play a competitive match . But Antunes , who revealed before the tournament in an interview with CNN 's Human to Hero series that he had received advice from Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho , has created a team which is keen to make up for lost time . And it showed all its fighting qualities after falling behind in the 33rd minute when skipper Neves put the ball into his own goal . That setback appeared to rouse Antunes ' side and after Gege had headed home an 81st minute equalizer , Heldon popped up at the death to fire home a dramatic winner . Africa Cup of Nations 2013 : The teams Cape Verde progresses to the last eight along with host nation South Africa , which claimed a 2-2 draw against Morocco in an entertaining game in Durban . Issam El Adoua and Abdelilah Hafidi put the Atlas Lions ahead only for May Mahlangu and Siyabonga Sangweni to level and condemn Morocco to a fourth consecutive first round exit . It means the host , which has only won a single game in the past nine years at the tournament , finishes top of Group A , much to the delight of coach Gordon Igesund . South Africa finally up and running He told reporters : "  We feel very , very proud to have achieved our first objective . I must thank the players and the fans . "  Morocco was a very tough team . I do not want to point out mistakes , but we conceded two goals we should not have done . There are now two games to the final and I believe in my players . " Rival coach Rachid Taoussi said : "  I am very disappointed with the result , but we fought with dignity and honor . I am satisfied . We did not lose a game and the tournament was a positive one for me . "	Cape Verde books its place in quarterfinal of Africa Cup of Nations with 2-1 win over Angola Cape Verde , with a population of 500,000 , is the smallest ever nation to compete at the tournament Host nation South Africa qualifies for last eight with 2-2 draw against Morocco Bafana Bafana tops group from Cape Verde in Group A
CNN  It 's not quite from sea to shining sea , but the latest winter storm gets an "  A " for effort  or is that an "  E " ?  . For its sheer size , this one is a monster , stretching from New Mexico to southern New England . If you 're keeping track on your maps at home , that 's 2,000 miles of snowy misery and 94 million people under some sort of winter weather warning , watch or advisory . "  Enough , " cries a winter-weary nation . Enough of the sleet and ice in the Dallas area . More than 640 arrivals and departures were canceled at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Wednesday . Another 540 have been scrubbed for Thursday . "  Dear Mr. Heat Miser , please reclaim Dallas from your obnoxious half brother Snow Miser , " tweets Dandy Killeen . Enough snow to hide your energy drink . "  The snow is almost 1 energy shot deep in OKC , " tweeted Damon Lane . Enough snow to cover the yard and street . Some areas will get 6 to 10 inches . Hundreds stranded in snow on Kentucky highway "  Snow really coming down in Lexington , KY. . A solid 1 " + per hour snowfall rate ! " tweets T.G. Shuck . Enough snow for a snow emergency . The federal government is closed on Thursday . "  DC snow emergency to go into effect at 7 am Thursday . Move your vehicles from these routes ! " tweets Fox 5 DC . Enough snow to eat ice cream . "  Just celebrated the coming snow with a bowl of Moose Tracks , " tweets country music legend Charlie Daniels . Enough snow to ... Actually , New Mexico is weird . Aaron Goodwin of "  Ghost Adventures " fame likes the white stuff . He tweeted : "  Snow : " But he likes hunting for ghosts too so use your own judgment . Enough snow for a snow day . "  Snow day tomorrow . Stay safe and stay warm , everybody , " tweets Sean Nunan , the associate principal at Christian Brothers Academy in Lincroft . Enough snow and rain to cause problems . The area will get up to 4 inches of rain before it turns to snow . The National Weather Service warned that flooding could be an issue , especially across the lower Ohio Valley and western Mid-Atlantic regions . CNN affiliate WCHS reports a mudslide in Mingo County , West Virginia , sent one woman to the hospital . Enough snow to go totally nuts . So far this season Boston has seen 105.7 inches -- almost 9 feet -- of snow . That 's just 1.9 inches short of the record set nine years ago . More snow is expected from this system , but it 's not likely to be enough to break the record as the forecast models indicate the majority of snow will stay south of the city . There is a slim chance of snow on Thursday , followed by days of sunshine and temperatures near 40 by Monday . Enough cold to wrap yourself in blankets "  Another #SnowDay ? Auto-Swaddle yourself in softness , " recommends Downy . CNN meteorologists Dave Hennen and Matt Daniel contributed to this report .	More than 1,000 flights into or out of the U.S. are canceled People in Kentucky will have plenty of snowman-building material Boston is close to a season snow record , but it 's iffy this system will provide enough to top the mark
CNN  -- A golf cart driver at the U.S. Open was arrested and charged after authorities say he slammed into a state trooper . Thomas Lineberry , 59 , was charged with felony assault on a law enforcement officer , felony hit and run , driving while impaired and resist , obstruct and delay , according to a statement from the North Carolina Department of Public Safety . He is accused of hitting Trooper Ryan A. Goodin , who was treated for a minor leg injury . A magistrate gave Lineberry a $ 3,000 secured bond , the statement said . He posted bond Saturday night . Attempts to contact Lineberry on Sunday were unsuccessful . It was not immediately clear whether he had retained an attorney . "  We are aware of the incident and will refrain from commenting further until we have all of the facts and the volunteer involved has an opportunity to share his case in court . He is no longer assisting the production , " an NBC Sports spokesman said . NBCUniversal owns Golf Channel . Kaymer secures historic U.S. Open victory at Pinehurst CNN 's Christ Khodadadi contributed to this report .	Thomas Lineberry is charged with felony assault on a law enforcement officer He is also charged with felony hit and run The trooper was treated for a minor leg injury
CNN  -- The Rolling Stones kicked off their "  50 and Counting " tour with a marching band , guest appearances from Gwen Stefani and Keith Urban , and a double dose of "  Satisfaction . " When the lights dimmed Friday night at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , UCLA 's marching band paraded through the aisles , their horn section blasting the Stones ' 1965 hit , "  I Ca n't Get No  Satisfaction " -- to the delight of concertgoers Jack Nicholson , Eddie Murphy , Johnny Depp and Nicole Kidman . Finally , the Stones materialized onstage , framed by a massive pair of red lips and a runway in the shape of the band 's trademark tongue logo . For two hours and 20 minutes , Mick Jagger , Keith Richards , Ronnie Wood and Charlie Watts barreled through 23 career-spanning tracks , including "  Paint it Black , " "  Gim me Shelter , " "  Miss You " and "  Sympathy for the Devil . " They even performed the disco-flavored "  Emotional Rescue " from 1980 , which Jagger introduced by saying , "  This is a song we 've never done before . " In another first , Stefani stepped from the wings to duet with Jagger on "  Wild Horses . " The No Doubt singer turned fashion designer sported a rather fabulous , bedazzled Stones muscle shirt , which prompted the Rock & Roll Hall of Famer to quip , "  Where do I get one of those T-shirts ? " Later , Urban joined the band for an appearance that was more than "  Respectable . " Armed with his electric guitar , the country superstar matched licks with Richards and Woods , finishing up with a searing solo on the 1978 tune that had the crowd on its feet . Also receiving a warm welcome was guitarist Mick Taylor , who reunited with his former band mates for "  Midnight Rambler , " a song he regularly performed during his tenure with the Stones from 1969 to 1974 . Even with all the guest cameos , the Rolling Stones were clearly the stars of their own production . Every seat in the arena was filled , thanks to promoter AEG Live releasing a slew of unsold seats for $ 85 at the last minute -- a bargain considering most concertgoers shelled out $ 150 - $ 600 for their tickets . Friday night , it was not uncommon for fans who paid $ 450 , $ 250 and $ 85 to be sitting elbow-to-elbow . Fair ? Maybe not . But by the time Mick , Keith , Ronnie and Charlie launched into a spirited reprise of "  Satisfaction , " most fans agreed it was an appropriate finish , no matter how much they paid for their seats .	The Rolling Stones kicked off their world tour in Los Angeles on Friday The band played hits like "  Paint it Black " and "  Sympathy for the Devil " Guest performers Gwen Stefani , Keith Urban and Mick Taylor joined the band onstage
CNN  -- A weekend killing in Australia has prompted the Indian government to issue an advisory for its college students studying in that country . "  While the majority of Indian students studying in Australia , especially those enrolled in universities and reputable institutions , have a positive experience of living and studying in Australia , the number of such incidents of assault as well as of robbery has been on the rise in recent months , which has affected not only Indian students but also members of the larger Indian community in Australia , " said a statement from India 's Ministry of External Affairs . Nitin Garg , 21 , was stabbed to death Saturday night in Melbourne as he walked to work from a train station through a public park . Deputy Prime Minister Julia Gillard dismissed the notion that Australia is a unsafe for international students . "  Australia is a very safe country . By world standards , we have a very low homicide rate , " Gillard said Wednesday . "  In big cities around the world , we do see acts of violence from time to time ; that happens in Melbourne , it happens in Mumbai , it happens in New York , it happens in London . " Despite the assurances from the Australian government , India has issued a list of basic precautions its students should take while studying on the continent : • Do not travel alone late ; • When traveling alone , make sure that you have checked out your route carefully and that you keep to well-lighted , populated areas ; • Make sure that someone knows where you are going and when you are expected to return ; • Do n't carry too much cash . Do not make it obvious that you 're carrying expensive items , such as iPods or laptops . Australia has seemed increasingly less safe for Indian students over the past year . During a one-month period over the summer , at least 10 Indian students were attacked . The most severe case left an Indian student in a coma ; another student was stabbed in the stomach . More than a dozen arrests were made . Australian authorities said at the time that they did n't think the attacks and robberies were racially motivated but were instead crimes of opportunity against soft targets : students who typically travel alone at night on public transportation . But hundreds of Indian students saw it differently . During the summer , they reacted with protests in at least three Australian cities . Police said at one point that Indian students had decided to take the law in their own hands and retaliate , which was condemned in India and Australia . Australia has a lot riding on its reputation as a destination for international students . It has an estimated $ 12.6 billion-a-year education export industry . More than 90,000 students from India study in Australia . CNN 's Ed Payne and Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Weekend killing in Australia prompts Indian government to issue an advisory Advisory lists basic precautions its students should take while studying in Australia Nitin Garg was stabbed to death in Melbourne as he walked to work through a public park Australian authorities denied spate of attacks on Indian students were racially motivated
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Audio released Friday purportedly captures an argument between Mel Gibson and ex-girlfriend Oksana Grigorieva , in which he launches into a racist , sexist rant against her . RadarOnline released the audio , claiming the male voice is that of 54-year-old Gibson . CNN has not independently confirmed the authenticity of the tape and the voices on it . At one point on the roughly two minute tape , the man says : "  You go out in public and it 's a f *** ing embarrassment to me . You look like a f *** ing b **** on heat and if you get raped by a pack of n *** ers it will be your fault . " It 's unclear when the audio was recorded . Meanwhile , the William Morris Endeavor Publicity firm confirmed Friday that Mel Gibson is no longer their client . Earlier this week , the Malibu Hills Police Department opened an investigation into the alleged domestic violence dispute between Gibson and Grigorieva , 40 , CNN has confirmed . Gibson has been caught in a custody dispute with Grigorieva over the couple 's 8-month-old daughter . Toward the end of June , Grigorieva filed a restraining order against Gibson alleging that the actor and director struck her in the face , People magazine reported . Police said they are still in the process of gathering information surrounding Grigorieva 's allegations . CNN reached out to both Gibson and Grigorieva 's representatives for response and to verify the authenticity of the audio . Mel Gibson 's longtime publicist , Alan Nierob , on Friday evening said , "  We ca n't comment due to legal nature of the matter . " A spokesman for Grigorieva confirmed that the female voice heard on the audio tape obtained and posted by RadarOnline is the voice of Grigorieva . Stephen Jaffe also told CNN that the transcript as published on RadarOnline is an accurate transcript of a conversation she was engaged in with Gibson . Jaffe said the site did not receive the tapes from Grigorieva . She "  absolutely did not provide any tape to the media , " Jaffe said . Grigorieva has spoken with sheriff 's deputies and has provided a statement to them in their domestic violence investigation , Jaffe said . The publicist said Grigorieva did not initiate the investigation . Gibson came under fire for a racially charged tirade in 2006 , when he admitted to making anti-Semitic remarks during a drunken driving arrest . He issued an apology at the time , and appealed to the Jewish community to help him recover from his alcohol addiction .	NEW : Grigorieva 's camp confirms her voice is on tape Tape purportedly captures fight between actor and ex-girlfriend Site says male voice is that of Gibson Police investigating domestic violence allegations against actor
CNN  -- Republican presidential hopeful Jon Huntsman called it stupid . His rival Ron Paul denounced it . But perhaps most appalled by a "  China Jon " ad on YouTube were Hindus in America . An amateurish video posted by self-characterized Paul supporter NHLiberty4Paul questions Huntsman 's "  American values , " shows Huntsman , a former ambassador to China , speaking in Mandarin and calls him the "  Manchurian Candidate . " So why is that so offensive to Hindus ? The ad also shows images of Huntsman with his two adopted daughters -- one from China and the other , India . The Huntsmans adopted Indian daughter Asha Bharati from the western state of Gujarat in 2006 . The ad asks : "  Share our values ? A man of faith ? " as a photograph flashes of Huntsman with an infant Asha Bharati . Both are a wearing a red tikka , a mark associated with the sacred and often seen on foreheads at Hindu ceremonies and temples . The Hindu American Foundation objected to the insinuations made in the video . "  This deplorable ad is blatantly racist and religiously intolerant , and crosses all lines of acceptable political discourse , " said Suhag Shukla , the foundation 's managing director and legal counsel . "  Instead of vilifying Governor Huntsman , he should be applauded for being open-minded enough to raise his adopted daughter as a Hindu , " she said . Huntsman , a Mormon , is raising Asha "  to learn about and appreciate her native culture and the faiths associated with it , " his spokesman told CNN last summer . The advertisement was posted on YouTube earlier this week . An e-mail attempt to reach NHLiberty4Paul was not immediately successful . A description accompanying the video states that "  Ron Paul is the only authentic conservative in this race , and the only one capable of bringing authentic change to Washington . He is the only sole alternative to flip-floppers responsible for the costly mistakes of the past . " At a campaign stop Friday in Concord , New Hampshire , Huntsman told reporters that Paul should disavow the ad . "  If the group is in any way affiliated with his organization , of course he should , " Huntsman said . "  It 's just political campaign nonsense . It happens from time to time . " He described how his Chinese daughter Gracie Mei was found abandoned in a vegetable market and taken to an orphanage as a newborn . Now 12 , Gracie Mei is a fixture on the Huntsman campaign . The GOP contender often endearingly refers to her as his top foreign policy adviser . In all , the Huntsmans have seven children . "  To attack a candidate 's family , particularly his young daughters , is completely unacceptable and should be denounced by all Americans , " said Samir Kalra , director of the Hindu Foundation . Paul , meanwhile , told CNN that he disavowed the ad and had no control of his supporters ' actions . "  Of course I denounce it ... but people do that , and they do it in all campaigns , " Paul said . CNN 's Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	Posted by a Ron Paul supporter , the ad questions Huntsman 's values It shows him speaking Mandarin and with his two adoptive daughters "  A man of faith ? " the ad asks before a photo of Huntsman with his Hindu daughter A Hindu organization calls the ad racist and intolerant
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican investigators have asked diplomats from El Salvador , Honduras , Ecuador and Brazil to help identify the bodies of 72 presumed migrants discovered at a ranch in northeast Mexico . The nationalities of the deceased have not yet been confirmed , according to a statement released by Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's office late Wednesday . Brazil said its Foreign Ministry was informed there were at least four Brazilians among the dead , the official Agencia Brazil news service reported Wednesday evening . There was no further information about the identity of the dead Brazilians or exactly how many had been killed , the government-run news agency said . The statement by Calderon said the Mexican president "  strongly condemns the acts that caused the death of 72 people , suspected to be migrants , " and said that drug gangs are repeatedly turning to extortion and kidnapping of migrants as their resources and recruits dwindle . "  This is a result of the activity of the state against them , which has significantly weakened the operational capacity of criminal groups , " Calderon 's office said . Initial reports indicated the migrants were headed to the United States . A surviving immigrant said he and the others were shot when they refused to work for a cartel , news reports said . It was not clear whether the cartel was smuggling the migrants or had abducted them . The Center for Strategic and International Studies , a bipartisan , nonprofit policy institute based in Washington , noted in an August report that human smuggling and other illegal activities are playing an increasingly important role as narcotraffickers diversify their activities . "  The drug cartels have not confined themselves to selling narcotics , " the report said . "  They engage in kidnapping for ransom , extortion , human smuggling and other crimes to augment their incomes . " And the risk is increasing for Central and South American migrants crossing through Mexico to get to the United States , said Mexico 's National Commission for Human Rights . An investigation by the commission showed that 9,758 migrants were abducted from September 2008 to February 2009 , or about 1,600 per month . The bodies of the 58 men and 14 women discovered Tuesday were found above ground in a building on the ranch , which is about 14 miles  22 kilometers  from the town of San Fernando , near the border with Texas . The Mexican navy , which was called in to investigate the case , said it is one of the largest discoveries of bodies in Mexico 's 4-year-old war on organized crime . Members of the Mexican navy were tipped off to the site after a man with a gunshot wound approached a military roadblock . The man said he had been injured by a criminal gang , according to a statement released by the navy . Mexico 's attorney general 's office identified the man as an Ecuadorian immigrant and said he had a bullet wound to the neck . "  The navy went to the area where the man came from and encountered gunfights . A naval officer was killed and three of the delinquents were killed , " said an officer who answered the telephone at the navy 's communication department . The officer , who was not authorized to speak on the record , declined to give his name . After the gun battle , authorities said , they found a stash of weapons , including 21 rifles , camouflage uniforms , bulletproof vests and four trucks . One of the vehicles had been disguised to look like a truck from the Ministry of National Defense , officials said . A preliminary investigation indicated the victims were illegal immigrants from Honduras , El Salvador , Brazil and Ecuador , said Alejandro Poire , spokesman for national security strategy . "  This discovery once again demonstrates the extreme danger and violence that Central Americans face on their treacherous journey north , as well as Mexican authorities ' abject failure to protect them , " Amnesty International said . "  Mexico must immediately investigate this massacre , bring the perpetrators to justice and establish the identities of those killed so that their families can be informed . " Wednesday 's gruesome discovery came about a month after authorities in the neighboring state of Nuevo Leon discovered 51 bodies in nine mass graves . In that instance , investigators found charred remains , incinerated bone fragments and stains of fire on the ground where bodies were presumably burned in steel drums , the state-run Notimex news agency said . Similar mass graves have been discovered in the Mexican states of Guerrero and Quintana Roo since late May . Authorities have linked them to Mexico 's ongoing drug war . Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas , which border Texas , have seen a marked increase in drug violence this year due to an intensifying rivalry between the Gulf cartel and the Zetas gang , which was formerly the cartel 's armed branch . More than 28,000 people have died in drug-related incidents since Calderon intensified the government 's fight against drug cartels and organized crime after taking office in December 2006 .	NEW : The dead are believed to be Central and South American migrants crossing Mexico Brazil says at least four Brazilians were among the dead Calderon says criminals are extorting migrants as Mexican government weakens cartels Three suspects and a member of the Mexican military were killed in a shootout
CNN  -- Jerome Kerviel , the man behind France 's biggest rogue-trading scandal , lost his appeal Wednesday against his prison sentence for betting â ‚ ¬ 50 billion  about $ 65 billion  of a French bank 's money without its knowledge . The Paris court upheld the five-year sentence with two years suspended that was handed down in October 2010 , Kerviel 's lawyer , David Koubbi , said . The ruling means Kerviel will serve three years in prison . The ruling that Kerviel must pay â ‚ ¬ 4.9 billion  about $ 6.3 billion  in damages to the bank , Societe Generale , was also upheld . "  We had set ourselves the objective of defending Mr. Kerviel against an injustice that is absolutely lamentable , " Koubbi said outside the courthouse , according to CNN affiliate BFM-TV . "  We will continue to support Mr Kerviel in his fight . " Koubbi said the legal team would consider the possibility of an appeal in France 's court of final appeal , the Cour de Cassation . Jean Veil , a lawyer for Societe Generale , told BFM-TV that he had "  great satisfaction regarding the court 's decision to name Jerome Kerviel as solely responsible for the fraud . " The bank was pleased with the original conviction because it placed responsibility for the rogue trades on Kerviel and not the bank . If Kerviel 's conviction were overturned , it could once more raise questions about the bank 's role in the scandal . The bank had previously indicated it might not require Kerviel to pay the damages , as it would be an impossible sum to shell out even in multiple lifetimes . The former Societe Generale employee went on trial in June 2010 on charges of forgery , breach of trust and unauthorized computer use . The banks says the unhedged bets cost it almost $ 6 billion . Kerviel had pleaded guilty to the charge of computer abuse , but his attorney at the time , Olivier Metzner , had asked jurors in his closing arguments to acquit his client of the charges of breach of trust and forgery . Metzner previously told CNN that Kerviel 's behavior was strongly influenced by the environment at Societe Generale . "  The banks are the ones to blame for the banking system and the systematic economic crisis , not Jerome Kerviel , " he said . Metzner filed the appeal against the sentence , but Kerviel switched to Koubbi as his attorney in March this year . Koubbi lamented that "  despite the new elements added to his defense , " Kerviel 's appeal had failed . Kerviel traded European index futures for the bank . He was the only person ever charged in the case , despite claiming he did everything with the knowledge of his superiors . "  I am convinced the criminal file is full of elements proving that my superiors knew and covered for me . At least I should n't be the only one in the dock , " he told CNN after the release of his memoirs , "  Trapped in a Spiral : Memoirs of a Trader , " in which he pleads his innocence . "  These managers earned colossal amounts of money out of bonuses based on the ever-growing results that I was making for the bank , " he said . Societe Generale , which said it discovered the losses in January 2008 , said that at no time were supervisors aware of Kerviel 's alleged unlawful activities . CNN 's Dheepthi Namasivayam , Sybile Penhirin and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	NEW : Societe Generale says it has "  great satisfaction " regarding the court 's decision NEW : A lawyer for Jerome Kerviel says he is considering a final appeal The court upholds the original sentence , sending Kerviel to prison for three years The former employee traded $ 65 billion for nearly $ 6 billion in losses
Washington  CNN  -- A misguided photo shoot of Air Force One over New York City in 2009 terrified residents , infuriated the president , and cost the director of the White House Military Office his job . Now , NASA is working to prevent a similar panic in Washington D.C. NASA officials this week announced plans for a new mission to monitor air pollution in the Baltimore-Washington traffic corridor that will include a series of low-altitude flights between the two cities . Trying to prevent a repeat of the chaos raised in New York , they are eager to get the word out to the public . Michael Finneran , spokesman for the DISCOVER-AQ project , says that NASA is publicizing the flights to generate awareness and to make sure people "  wo n't be surprised . " "  Public safety is paramount , " he said . NASA plans to use a P-3B , a 117-foot , four-engine turboprop plane , for flights that will be as low as 1,000 feet . The lower of the two aircraft will fly in spirals over several ground measurement stations along the flight path , which includes Interstate 95 and crosses over the Chesapeake Bay Bridge . The other aircraft will fly at around 26,000 feet . The flights are scheduled to start no earlier than June 27 and go through July . Working with federal and state environmental agencies on this analysis , NASA says the flights are critical . All flights will be posted on the NASA website the night before takeoff . "  For some of these pollutant gases , the satellites are not as effective in detecting the quantities near the ground as they are at higher altitudes , " Ken Pickering , a project scientist explained . Low-flying aircraft will help answer questions about existing data , and will provide "  a complete picture of air quality over the Baltimore-Washington region , " Pickering said . Potential benefits from the research are not limited to Washington . Pickering said that these experiments "  will help NASA design a next generation of air-quality satellites " leading to analyses for cities across the country , so that "  ultimately public health can be better protected . " Flights are scheduled in Houston next , in 2013 , and could be followed by flights in Los Angeles , Birmingham , Alabama or Atlanta . So if you 're in the Washington D.C. area over the next month , and happen to catch a glimpse of a startlingly low NASA aircraft -- do n't hold your breath . In fact , NASA is hoping the new study will help everyone breathe easier .	NASA planes will sample Washington D.C.-Maryland air Agency is worried low flights could cause undue concern Mission essential to gather data , agency says Washington area to be sampled first
CNN  In a new publication , ISIS justifies its kidnapping of women as sex slaves citing Islamic theology , an interpretation that is rejected by the Muslim world at large as a perversion of Islam . "  One should remember that enslaving the families of the kuffar -- the infidels -- and taking their women as concubines is a firmly established aspect of the Shariah , or Islamic law , " the group says in an online magazine published Sunday . The title of the article sums up the ISIS point of view : "  The revival  of  slavery before the Hour , " referring to Judgment Day . The fourth edition of the group 's English-language digital magazine called "  Dabiq " said that female members of the Yazidi sect , an ethnically Kurdish minority living mostly in Iraq , may legitimately be captured and forcibly made concubines or sexual slaves . The rationalization for a return to slavery -- repudiated around the world -- coincided with the release of a Human Rights Watch report on crimes committed by ISIS against the Yazidis in Iraq based on interviews with 76 displaced people in Dohuk . "  The Islamic State 's litany of horrific crimes against the Yazidis in Iraq only keeps growing , " said Fred Abrahams , special adviser at Human Rights Watch . "  We heard shocking stories of forced religious conversions , forced marriage , and even sexual assault and slavery -- and some of the victims were children . " A 17-year-old kidnapped girl named Adlee recounts how a large bearded man forced her into a home in Falluja , where she was beaten and endured violent sexual advances before escaping two days later , the Human Rights Watch report reads . ISIS forced tens of thousands of Yazidis to flee their homes in August when the extremists stormed many of the community 's towns and cities in Iraqi Kurdistan . Displaced families and monitoring groups reported jihadists kidnapped hundreds of Yazidi women and girls , and many were sold or given away to militants as "  spoils of war . " The terror group 's 56-page propaganda publication also boasts of a "  massacre against  Kurdish  PKK soldiers " alongside graphic images of slain men dressed in fatigues . On the next page , ISIS glorifies its "  Services for Muslims " with photographs of a care home for the elderly and a cancer treatment center for children . The issue , titled "  The Failed Crusade , " includes an alleged copy of slain American journalist Steven Sotloff 's last letter to his mother and says the victim 's Jewish identity warranted his beheading by ISIS . Another ISIS captive , British journalist John Cantlie , allegedly pens the last section of the magazine , saying he expects to be killed soon , and "  unless something changes very quickly and very radically , I await my turn . "	In an online magazine , the terror group says it is legitimate under Islamic law The Muslim world at large repudiates that interpretation as a perversion of Islam
CNN  -- French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet traveled to Afghanistan to discuss security with local authorities , a spokesman said Saturday , a day after Allied forces suffered heavy losses in the country . A helicopter crash killed six U.S. Marines and a separate attack killed four French soldiers Friday , prompting Paris to consider an early troop withdrawal . "  If France does not manage to find a solution with the Afghan authorities to ensure better security of the French soldiers , then we will seriously question our military presence in the country . It is too early to speculate what actions would be taken . The minister will return when he feels he has the information and assurances he is looking for , " said Col. Thierry Burkhard , spokesman for the defense ministry . President Nicolas Sarkozy has said he was suspending French training operations and combat help as a result of the attack , which injured 15 others . "  The French army is not in Afghanistan to be shot at by Afghan soldiers , " he said . France could bring its troops back early from Afghanistan if the necessary security is not restored , Sarkozy said . France has 3,935 troops in Afghanistan , according NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . The attack in eastern Afghanistan followed a similar shooting last month by an Afghan soldier that killed two French soldiers serving in an engineers ' regiment . Also Saturday , the U.S. Department of Defense identified six Marines who were killed in Afghanistan when their helicopter crashed . Jesse W. Stites , 23 ; Kevin J. Reinhard , 25 ; and Joseph D. Logan , 22 , were all Marine corporals . They hailed from North Beach , Maryland ; Colonia , New Jersey ; and Willis , Texas , respectively . Master Sgt. Travis W. Riddick , 40 , of Centerville , Iowa , also lost his life . Two officers were also aboard the CH-53 helicopter : Capt. Daniel D. Bartle , 27 , of Ferndale , Washington ; and Capt. Nathan R. McHone , 29 , of Crystal Lake , Illinois . They were assigned to Marine Heavy Helicopter Squadron 363 , Marine Aircraft Group 24 , 1st Marine Aircraft Wing , III Marine Expeditionary Force , Kaneohe Bay , Hawaii . The NATO-led force reported no enemy activity in the area of Friday 's crash , but the Taliban claimed credit for bringing down the chopper . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen paid tribute to those killed and injured Friday , saying it was a "  very sad day " for ISAF troops in Afghanistan and for France . "  Such tragic incidents are terrible and grab headlines , but they are isolated , " he said . "  The reality is that every day , 130,000 ISAF troops from 50 nations fight and train with over 300,000 Afghan soldiers . That takes a lot of trust among a lot of soldiers . "  We have the same goal . An Afghanistan that is responsible for its own security . That is what Afghans want . And we remain committed to helping Afghans . " CNN 's Niki Cook contributed to this report .	NEW : Four French soldiers were killed in eastern Afghanistan on Friday NEW : France could bring its troops back early if security is not restored The U.S. Defense Department identifies six killed Marines Their chopper crashed in Afghanistan , also on Friday
Munich , Germany  CNN  -- The German diplomat who said there was an assassination attempt against Egypt 's new vice president has retracted his comments . "  I was led to believe that we had a confirmed report but in fact we did n't , " Wolfgang Ischinger told CNN , adding the information he received was based on an unsubstantiated source . Ischinger , the host of the Munich Security Conference , told a plenary session of the meeting that there was an assassination attempt against Omar Suleiman and several people were killed . At the time , he did n't provide any more detail about the incident . The vice president , appointed last week amid widespread cries for President Hosni Mubarak 's ouster , has been working to initiate a government transition . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who is attending the conference , said it 's important to support the Suleiman-led transition process . Suleiman had been an intelligence chief and a powerful behind-the-scenes player for a long time , and his appointment was seen widely as an attempt by Mubarak to restore order . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	German diplomat said the report was based on an unsubstantiated source Suleiman has been leading transition efforts The VP has long been a powerful behind-the-scenes player
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- For 65 years , Elisabeth Mann has carried with her the pain only a Holocaust survivor can know . Elisabeth Mann , the only member of her family to survive the Holocaust , sits with her children , Nancy and Thomas . The only one in her Hungarian Jewish family to make it out of the Nazi death camps , life for a long time felt like punishment . Branded in her mind are the images of , for example , a pile of babies set ablaze , snarling dogs and the laughter of an SS officer pointing to the black smoke of incinerated bodies that filled the sky . And on her heavy heart is the anguish , including the blame she feels for her brother Laci 's death . He was 13 and not feeling well when the family arrived by cattle car at Auschwitz-Birkenau . Watch Mann describe the brutal trip to the camp " "  I told him to go with my mother because mothers are the people who take care of sick children , " she cried , while sitting in her Los Angeles , California , home . "  I did n't know that with my advice I killed my brother because all the mothers and all the children were taken to the gas chamber right away . " Given the horrors she 's lived and witnessed , one might think Mann , now in her 80s , would be among those demanding that Nazi war criminals be brought to justice . And yet she 's uncomfortable with the ongoing attempts to deport to Germany for trial John Demjanjuk , an 89-year-old Cleveland , Ohio , man allegedly linked to mass killings at Sobibor , a death camp in Poland . Demjanjuk insists it was n't him . The pursuit of him -- and of suspects like him -- is n't one Mann supports . She said she never wanted revenge , because "  I did not want to be like them . " Mann does n't think going after war criminals now is worth the cost and energy , nor does she think the legal process will make a difference to such men who 've already lived a full life . Watch Mann explain why money is wasted in the hunt " "  What is punishment for a person who is capable to do such horror , such horrible things to living people ? " Mann , an artist , wondered aloud . "  I can not imagine that that person has a soul or conscience or heart . ... He simply would n't feel it . ... What kind of punishment could you give to a person like that ? " Her argument does n't work for Efraim Zuroff , who has spent nearly 30 years hunting Nazis responsible for the Holocaust , a systematic effort that wiped out 6 million Jews , or two-thirds of European Jewry . "  It has to be clear to everybody that the Holocaust was not a natural disaster . ... It was created by man , against man , " he said from Jerusalem , Israel , where he coordinates Nazi war crimes research for the Simon Wiesenthal Center , a Jewish human rights organization . "  When responsibility can be determined , people have to be held accountable . " On Monday , the day before Holocaust Remembrance Day , the center released its latest status report on Nazi war criminal investigations and prosecutions . Demjanjuk tops the list of the 10 most wanted . Others on the list include Sandor Kepiro , a former Hungarian officer who allegedly helped kill 1,200 people in Novi Sad , Serbia , as well as Milivoj Asner , a onetime Croatian police chief , now believed to be living in Austria , who allegedly persecuted and deported to the Nazi camps hundreds of Jews , Serbs and Gypsies . In a written statement about the report , Zuroff said that since the start of 2001 , there have been 76 convictions , at least 48 indictments , and hundreds of investigations have been launched . Central to these actions has been a project Zuroff has helped oversee called Operation : Last Chance , a push -- started in 2002 -- to support worldwide government efforts to pursue aging Nazi war crime suspects . While some countries have stepped up , including the U.S. , Germany , Serbia and Spain , others , such as Australia , Austria and Ukraine , have shown a "  lack of political will " and have failed to act , the statement says . "  The easiest thing in the world is to just forget , " Zuroff , 60 , said by phone . "  The passage of time in no way diminishes the guilt of the murderers . ... We do n't think people deserve a prize for reaching an old age . " Mann 's own children could n't agree more . Like Zuroff , they think pursuing Nazi war criminals is the least that can be done to honor victims . "  I 'm definitely in favor of going after these folks , regardless of their age , " said Mann 's daughter , Nancy . "  A lot of people suffered , and are still suffering , because of the crimes that were done in the past . " Watch daughter explain that ` murder is murder ' " Thomas , Mann 's son , said that going after Nazi war criminals "  sends a message to our society and the world that it 's not OK to do these things , " and that it helps bring awareness "  to people who do n't know about the Holocaust , and there are lots of them . " Watch son on why punishment falls short " He told the story of a college freshman in Southern California who stood up during a presentation his mother was giving and said she 'd never heard of the Holocaust . "  That really brings it home , " Thomas said . By pursuing suspected Nazi criminals , the process "  reminds people that this did happen " and shows that "  people do care that this happened . "	A Holocaust survivor is n't convinced Nazi hunting is worth it Her children , and a decades-long Nazi hunter , say justice must be served Meantime , the deportation case of alleged Nazi criminal , John Demjanjuk , continues Tuesday marks Holocaust Remembrance Day
EW.com  -- Four weeks after the shootings in Aurora , Colo. , the box office remains in a relative slump -- despite performing over 20 percent better than the same weekends in 2011 and 2010 . According to industry consulting firm Screen Engine , 17 percent of moviegoers are still reluctant to head to the theater following the shooting . While that number has dropped from the 21 percent who claimed they were reluctant one week after the shooting , it 's still telling -- and discouraging -- for Hollywood . Fortunately , moviegoers have a lot of options to choose from . When the top seven movies at the box office all earn over $ 10 million , it 's clear that the box office is n't in totally dire straits , but it does n't seem to be firing on all cylinders . Sylvester Stallone and his weathered crew of grizzly action stars  and fresh-faced Liam Hemsworth  pushed their explosive sequel "  The Expendables 2 " to a $ 28.8 million debut , 17 percent lower than the $ 34.8 million bow of 2010 ′ s original "  Expendables . " The number one debut marks the first time pop culture icon Chuck Norris has ever topped the box office . There really is nothing he ca n't do . Lionsgate spent $ 35 million to acquire the film , which was made by Nu Image for a reported $ 90 million . Audiences , which were 63 percent male and 65 percent above the age of 25  both older and more male despite the addition of Hemsworth  , issued the film a healthy "  A - " CinemaScore grade . The explosive action entry also earned markedly better reviews than its predecessor , which could spur positive word-of-mouth , which Expendables 2 will need in order to match the original 's $ 103.1 million domestic finish and for Stallone to justify another sequel . "  The Bourne Legacy " held second place after dropping 55 percent to $ 17 million . Universal 's $ 125 million sequel , which replaced star Matt Damon with "  The Avengers ' " Jeremy Renner , has now earned $ 69.6 million after ten days . By comparison , "  The Bourne Ultimatum " earned $ 69.3 million during its opening weekend in 2007 . Focus Features ' "  ParaNorman " kicked off its run in third place with $ 14 million -- a touch behind the $ 16.8 million that Coraline , which was also made by Laika Entertainment , earned in its debut . The 3-D flick , about a boy who can communicate with the dead , launched very wide in 3,429 theaters , and it achieved a rather lackluster $ 4,085 venue average -- the least of any of the newcomers , including "  The Odd Life of Timothy Green , " which found about $ 4,199 at each of its 2,598 theaters . Audiences gave "  ParaNorman " a "  B + " CinemaScore grade , which , again , was the lowest of any of the new releases , despite the fact that it earned the strongest critical reviews by far . "  ParaNorman " will need some incredible holds in order to match Coraline 's $ 75.3 million finish , but that film benefited from being part of the 3-D craze that peaked in 2009 . "  ParaNorman " is entering a very different marketplace where 3-D affection has long since passed . In fourth , Will Ferrell and Zack Galifinakis ' comedy "  The Campaign " dipped 50 percent to $ 13.4 million , which lifted the R-rated hit 's total to $ 51.7 million . While "  The Campaign " will likely miss the $ 100 million mark , it cost Warner Bros. only $ 30 million to make , and it should prove a profitable venture for the studio . The allure of Whitney Houston 's final performance did n't drive many crowds to Sparkle , which began in fifth place with $ 12 million . As a point of comparison , the concert doc Michael Jackson : "  This Is It " -- which arrived four months after Michael Jackson 's death -- started off hotter than "  Sparkle , " earning $ 23.2 million in its opening weekend in October 2009 on the way to a $ 72.1 million finish . Sparkle did n't have 3-D ticket prices working on its side , but still , its less-than-stellar box office is somewhat surprising given Houston 's status as pop royalty . Fortunately , the ScreenGems release cost only $ 14 million , and that low cost will be its saving grace . Thanks to a narrow theater count of 2,244 , "  Sparkle " notched a sturdy , if uninspiring , $ 5,348 per theater average , and if it can garner strong word-of-mouth -- which seems likely given its "  A " CinemaScore grade -- it could find legs in the weeks to come . "  Sparkle 's " leading lady Jordin Sparks , who won Season 6 of "  American Idol , " is n't the first Idol champ to show up at the box office , though she did garner the strongest opening weekend results . Season 4 winner Carrie Underwood had a supporting role in 2011 ′ s "  Soul Surfer , " which opened to $ 10.6 million on the way to a $ 43.9 million finish . Season 1 winner Kelly Clarkson led the famously awful musical "  From Justin To Kelly , " which earned $ 4.9 million total in 2003 . Now , if only Sparks could match their album sales . As reported yesterday , sixth place finisher "  The Dark Knight Rises , " which grossed $ 11.1 million  down 41 percent  in its fifth weekend , passed the $ 400 million milestone . It has now earned $ 409.9 million total , and has passed "  The Hunger Games "  $ 407.7 million  as the 12th highest-grossing domestic performer of all time . The final new release of the weekend , "  The Odd Life of Timothy Green , " started back in seventh place with $ 10.9 million . Disney 's $ 25 million family drama , which stars Joel Edgerton and Jennifer Garner , earned $ 4.3 million on Wednesday and Thursday , which gives it an unremarkable five-day total of $ 15.2 million . "  Odd Life , " which was issued an "  A - " CinemaScore grade , will have to rely on  leafy  legs to drive its business . Garner has had bad luck at the box office ever since her breakout leading role in 2004 ′ s "  13 Going on 30 . " She has a few bright spots on her resume -- namely the ensemble comedy "  Valentine 's Day , " which earned $ 110.5 million , and , to a lesser extent , the Matthew McConaughey rom-com "  Ghosts of Girlfriends Past , " which grossed $ 55.3 million -- but she 's mostly starred in major misfires like Elektra  $ 24.4 million total  , Catch and Release  $ 15.5 million  , The Invention of Lying  $ 18.5 million  , and Arthur  $ 33 million  . Bubbling under the Top 10 at number 13 , the anti-Obama documentary 2016 Obama 's America expanded from 61 theaters into 169 locations , and increased its gross by 294 percent to $ 1.25 million . Tellingly , the film 's per theater average increased from $ 5,202 to $ 7,391 this weekend , a rare feat at the box office -- but especially when a film 's theater count nearly triples . 2016 Obama 's America has grossed $ 2.1 million in six weeks , and if it maintains this sort of momentum , it could become a major sleeper hit . Keep an eye on it . 1 . The Expendables 2 -- $ 28.8 million 2 . The Bourne Legacy -- $ 17.0 million 3 . ParaNorman -- $ 14.0 million 4 . The Campaign -- $ 13.4 million 5 . Sparkle -- $ 12.0 million 6 . The Dark Knight Rises -- $ 11.1 million 7 . The Odd Life of Timothy Green -- $ 10.9 million ... 13 . 2016 Obama 's America -- $ 1.25 million See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Expendables 2 " debuted well this weekend "  The Bourne Legacy " came in second place The remake "  Sparkle made $ 12.0 million
CNN  NASCAR announced Wednesday that it has lifted its suspension of driver Kurt Busch , making him eligible to return to the sport immediately -- albeit "  under indefinite probation . " Busch was suspended after a Delaware civil court found that he probably committed domestic violence against his former girlfriend , Patricia Driscoll . She accused the standout driver of grabbing her by the throat and slamming her head against a wall in his motor home at Delaware 's Dover International Speedway in September . Twice , the NASCAR 2004 Cup champion appealed his indefinite suspension and lost both times . That meant he missed the season-opening Daytona 500 as well as two subsequent Sprint Cup races . But he should be able to compete through the fall , and NASCAR says that it will waive its requirement for him to compete in all championship events . The case against Busch took a significant turn last week , when the Delaware Department of Justice announced that charges would not be filed against him . "  As I have said from the beginning , I did not commit domestic abuse , " Busch said then . "  I look forward to being back in racing as soon as possible and moving on with my life . " A Kent County , Delaware , family court commissioner ruled in February that Busch must stay away from Driscoll for a year . NASCAR officials decided to lift Busch 's suspension because he complied with the requirements of the racing circuit 's reinstatement program , completed behavioral assessments and got the OK from a behavioral health care expert to race again . He 's not totally out of the woods . In a news release , NASCAR said Busch must "  undergo additional steps to address the behavior for which he was penalized . " Steve O'Donnell , NASCAR executive vice president and chief racing development officer , said the lack of charges against Busch expedited his return . "  We have made it very clear to Kurt Busch our expectations for him moving forward , which includes participation in a treatment program and full compliance with all judicial requirements as a result of his off-track behavior , " O'Donnell said . CNN 's Jill Martin contributed to this report .	The lack of charges against Busch expedited the decision , a NASCAR official says Kurt Busch was accused of grabbing his ex-girlfriend by the throat , slamming her head He twice appealed NASCAR 's indefinite suspension and lost
Washington  CNN  -- For Amanda Ihnat , a millennial and a conservative , Sen. Rob Portman 's change of heart on supporting same-sex marriage was a much-needed â $ " albeit tardy turnaround . For fellow conservative Peter Konetchy , a baby boomer , the Ohio Republican 's switch signals a decided lack of principles . The two divergent views illustrate the kind of challenges facing the Republican Party as it undergoes a major makeover after losing the 2012 presidential election . The party is trying to figure out how to embrace and capitalize on the youthful energy of young members like Ihnat while not alienating long-standing members like Konetchy . Last year , a poll by the Pew Research Center found the percentage of Republicans between 18 and 29 who opposed same-sex marriage dropped to 30 % from 48 % in 2004 . Among those 50 to 64 , the percentage also dropped , but less dramatically -- 78 % to 68 % . "  Slowly , we are seeing a movement among some that identify as conservative that same-sex marriage is going to become a reality down the road , " said Craig Rimmerman , professor of public policy and political science at Hobart and William Smith Colleges and author of "  From Identity to Politics : The Lesbian and Gay Movements in the United States . " "  They are realizing that there are other issues that are much more important to them worth fighting , " he said . "  Younger people who consider themselves conservatives just do n't care . And these younger conservatives are more concerned with the state of the economy and whether they are going to have a job when they come out of school . " CNN Exclusive : One conservative 's dramatic reversal on gay marriage The generational split was especially stark at the Conservative Political Action Conference just outside of Washington on Friday . Some younger conservatives like Ihnat warmly greeted the news that after Portman 's 21-year-old son , Will , told his parents that he was gay , Portman came to the conclusion that same-sex marriage "  is something that we should allow people to do . " Ihnat said that as a college student , she has a "  liberal stance " on the issue . "  I think it is great for someone to come out and say they are in support of gay marriage . ... The party kind of needs to be more welcoming and involved , so I think it is a good step . " However , many older Republicans did n't share Ihnat 's sentiments . "  I think it means that he has no principles , to be honest with you , " said Konetchy , 58 . "  He can support his son and love his son , but you have  to decide  something is either right or wrong . " Nationally , polls have shown growing support for same-sex marriage . A recent survey from Quinnipiac University found that 47 % of those polled support same-sex marriage while 43 % oppose it . The poll also indicates a wide partisan divide on the issue with Democrats supporting same-sex marriage at 65 % , Independents 50 % and Republicans 23 % . Same-sex couples can now legally marry in nine states and the District of Columbia . The president and the nation have evolved on same-sex marriage "  We 've grown up with gay men and women being out of the closet . We have gay friends . It 's not as shocking as it is for boomers , " Amy Holmes , a CNN political contributor and conservative commentator said recently . "  Older conservatives recognize that a lot of younger conservatives are more socially liberal . " An upcoming , internal report by the Republican National Committee is expected to point to the wide popularity gap between Democrats and Republicans with women , minorities and young votersâ $ " three critical voting blocs that helped President Barack Obama win re-election . The report comes as the U.S. Supreme Court considers two politically charged same-sex marriage cases . One involves the federal the Defense of Marriage Act , which defines marriage as between a man and a woman and was supported by Portman . The other appeal involves a California law banning gay marriage . But when it comes to same-sex marriage , the Republican Party will still face opposition from many members . "  These latest , sudden changes in opinion are classic examples of caving in to political pressure , " Tim Wildmon , president of the American Family Association , said in a statement . Portman called fellow Ohioan and House Speaker John Boehner to inform him of his revised position according to a Boehner spokesman . "  Senator Portman is a great friend and ally and the speaker respects his position , but the speaker continues to think that marriage is between a man and woman , " said Michael Steel , Boehner 's spokesman . Top Republicans sign brief supporting same-sex marriage Hours after Portman announced that he had reversed his position on same-sex marriage , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said he would not second-guess him . But he 's not entirely embracing Portman 's change of heart , either . Portman told CNN 's Dana Bash that he wanted all of his children to experience the "  joy and stability of marriage " that he and his wife have had for 26 years . This includes "  our son , who is gay . " Will Portman tweeted Friday that he is "  especially proud of my dad today . " Gingrich acknowledged on CNN 's "  Starting Point " that when an immediate family member reveals that he or she is gay , there are typically three responses . "  You can say , ' I believe my principles so much , I 'm kicking you out . ' You can say , ' I still believe in my principles , but I love you . ' Or you can say , ` Gee , I love you so much , I am changing my principles , ' " Gingrich said . "  Rob picked the third path . That 's his prerogative . " The former presidential candidate stands by his own belief that a marriage is between a man and a woman , and argued the traditional definition will stay in place "  no matter what politicians " do . "  I do n't think they have the power to change what is a religiously inspired definition , " Gingrich said . Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , a social conservative who ran for president in 2012 , said Portman 's about-face was personal and does n't reflect the party 's broader direction on social values . "  I 'm not too sure the rationale behind what Senator Portman 's doing is something that has broad application to the base , " Santorum told CNN . "  The fundamental principles that attach to the institution of marriage really have n't changed as a result of that personal story . We need to look at what 's right , what 's right for the American public and more importantly , what 's right for children . So we need to try and fight for those things . " Rimmerman said it will be up to younger conservatives who support same-sex marriage to help change views within the GOP . "  It 's going to take younger conservative voters to send a message to their party elders that that message is unacceptable , " he said . Some on the right , however , applauded Portman 's decision . Gregory T. Angelo , executive director of the Log Cabin Republicans , said in a statement "  if there was any doubt that the conservative logjam on the issue of civil marriage for committed gay and lesbian couples has broken , Senator Portman 's support for the freedom to marry has erased it . " "  His  evolution on this issue highlights how personal it is for Americans -- whether they 're the junior senator from Ohio or your next-door neighbor , all Americans have a gay friend , colleague or family member , and understand them to be as deserving as their straight counterparts of the inalienable rights of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness that are the promise of the United States , " Angelo continued . CNN 's Steve Brusk , Ashley Killough , Dan Merica , Paul Steinhauser Shannon Travis and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Some conservative millennials more accepting of same-sex marriage , polls , experts say GOP will have to work to consider younger , socially liberal and older , conservative positions Desire for inclusiveness may influence GOP views on same-sex marriage NEW : Rick Santorum says Portman 's about-face does n't reflect GOP 's broader direction
CNN  -- The diabetes drug Avandia is linked with tens of thousands of heart attacks , and drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline knew of the risks for years but worked to keep them from the public , according to a Senate committee report released Saturday . The 334-page report by the Senate Finance Committee also criticized the Food and Drug Administration , saying that the federal agency that regulates food , tobacco and medications overlooked or overrode safety concerns found by its staff . "  Americans have a right to know there are serious health risks associated with Avandia and GlaxoSmithKline had a responsibility to tell them , " said U.S. Senator Max Baucus , a Democrat and committee chairman . "  Patients trust drug companies with their health and their lives and GlaxoSmithKline abused that trust . " The bipartisan report also was signed by Sen. Chuck Grassley , the top-ranking Republican on the committee . GlaxoSmithKline rejected any assertions Saturday that the drug is not safe . "  We disagree with the conclusions in the report , " company spokeswoman Nancy Pekarek told CNN . "  The FDA had reviewed the data and concluded that the drug should be on the market . " Seven clinical trials on the drug prove that it is not linked to heart attacks , Pekarek said . "  None of that data shows a statistically significant correlation between Avandia and myocardial ischemia or myocardial infarction -LSB- heart attack -RSB- , " she said . Ischemia is a condition in which blood flow and oxygen are blocked from going to certain parts of the body . The Senate committee investigation stems from concerns that Avandia and other high-profile drugs put "  public safety at risk because the FDA has been too cozy with drug makers and has been regularly outmaneuvered by companies that have a financial interest in downplaying or under-exploring potential safety risks , " the report states . FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg said she is waiting for the recommendations of an advisory committee that will hear reports on the drug this summer . "  Meanwhile , " Hamburg said in a statement , "  I am reviewing the inquiry made by Senators Baucus and Grassley and I am reaching out to ensure that I have a complete understanding and awareness of all of the data and issues involved . " The Senate report was developed over the past two years by committee investigators who reviewed more than 250,000 pages of documents provided by GlaxoSmithKline , the FDA and several research institutes . Committee investigators also conducted numerous interviews and phone calls with GlaxoSmithKline , the FDA and anonymous whistleblowers . According to the Senate report : • FDA scientists estimated in July 2007 that Avandia was associated with approximately 83,000 heart attacks since the drug came to market . "  Had GSK considered Avandia 's potential increased cardiovascular risk more seriously when the issue was first raised in 1999 ... some of these heart attacks may have been avoided , " the report states . • GlaxoSmithKline undertook attempts to undermine information critical of Avandia . "  GSK executives attempted to intimidate independent physicians , focused on strategies to minimize or misrepresent findings that Avandia may increase cardiovascular risk and sought ways to downplay findings that a competing drug might reduce cardiovascular risk , " the report says . As an example , committee investigators say they found that GlaxoSmithKline experts verified an outside study showing the cardiac problem , but the company publicly attacked the findings as incorrect . • Two FDA safety officials sounded a clear alarm in October 2008 writing , "  There is strong evidence that rosiglitazone -LSB- Avandia -RSB- confers an increased risk of -LSB- heart attacks -RSB- and heart failure compared to pioglitazone -LSB- rival drug on market -RSB- . " They concluded and trials comparing the two would be "  unethical and exploitive . " Yet , the trial is still under way , the senators say . GlaxoSmithKline counters that the Senate report relies on outdated information . "  In essence , the report is a compilation of information and events that took place years ago , " spokeswoman Pekarek said . "  There 's no new data there . " The FDA has evaluated at the drug , Pekarek said , and updated product labeling in 2007 to say information on Avandia 's relationship to myocardial ischemia is inconclusive . "  The FDA exists to ensure patient safety , " she said . "  That is their purpose . " Avandia has been under scrutiny for years . The New England Journal of Medicine called the drug 's safety into question in 2007 . The Journal of the American Medical Association also questioned whether Avandia was safe in 2007 . "  Among patients with impaired glucose tolerance or type 2 diabetes , rosiglitazone use for at least 12 months is associated with a significantly increased risk of myocardial infarction and heart failure , without a significantly increased risk of cardiovascular mortality , " the AMA journal wrote , adding that the "  findings have potential regulatory and clinical implications . " "  Regulatory agencies ought to re-evaluate whether rosiglitazone should be allowed to remain on the market , " the report said . "  Health plans and physicians should not wait for regulatory actions . They should avoid using rosiglitazone in patients with diabetes who are at risk of cardiovascular events , especially since safer treatment alternatives are available . " Read the report In 2007 , an FDA panel recommended by a vote of 22-1 that Avandia should remain on the market despite an analysis showing links to increased risk of heart attack . The vote was not binding , but a suggestion to FDA regulators . The panel also voted 20-3 at the same meeting in support of data that showed Avandia increased the risk of cardiac ischemia in patients with the most common type of diabetes . The Senate report does not address the issue of whether Avandia should be removed from the market . CNN 's Lisa Desjardins , Saundra Young , Miriam Falco and Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	Avandia linked to heart disease , Senate committee report says GlaxoSmithKline tried to hide risks from public , according to report Company rejects reports conclusions , denies its drug causes heart problems FDA "  too cozy " with drug manufacturers , report says
CNN  -- In a presidential campaign laden with historic twists , the biggest shock may be yet to come : With three weeks to go , the first of two remaining debates tonight , and most Americans yet to cast their ballots , the final surprise may be that there are no surprises left . This campaign for president may be over . There is a good chance that the Denver debate was the watershed that carries this election to its conclusion . If so , Barack Obama has only himself to blame . Yes , the polls show a very close race , but the momentum has belonged to Romney since his superior showing in the first debate . Long ago , Team Obama displayed a heartbreaking lack of faith in its candidate and his prospects . Abandon hope , all ye who campaign here ; they never tried to get Barack Obama re-elected president . Constrained by the paucity of their achievements and the poverty of their ideas , perhaps they felt they had no choice : We ca n't win , they concluded , but maybe we can stop the other guy from beating us . Obama 's thin campaign only tried to stop his opponent from winning . Get instant updates on the second presidential debate on CNN 's live blog Until this last month , the president 's "  This is a one-man race " marketing philosophy was working -- but only with the assistance of an opponent who ran as if his shoes were tied together . Mitt Romney had allowed Obama to paint him as an unacceptable alternative . He also helped the president with 47 % of the brushstrokes . Team Romney 's inability to introduce their candidate as a good and decent man has frustrated Romney 's core supporters , who 've longed to hear more about their man 's munificence and compassion . Romney 's campaign seemed equally unable to acquaint voters with the transformational business leader who , as Ann Romney describes , has routinely done things others thought "  impossible . " All that changed two weeks ago in the pure Denver air . What millions of dollars of ads had not been able to do , Mitt Romney did for himself . The Romney who showed up in the first debate did not , as Obama had led voters to expect , have horns and tail . Instead , he was the most unexpected candidate of all : a reasonable alternative to good-hearted but flailing president . In debate one , Romney even admitted he was having fun , an emotion we were not led to think he was programmed to express . iReport : Share your questions for moderator Candy Crowley In the presence of an acceptable Republican replacement , the only theory of the president 's campaign , that voters had no choice but Obama , began to break down . Voters began to suspect there was no alternative , not to Obama , but to Romney . Suddenly , Barack Obama was the man who was n't there . If the 2008 election was about hope and change , the 2012 contest has always about strength and certainty . In these turbulent and uncertain times , the most unacceptable quality in a leader is weakness . In one flashing moment in a primary debate , Tim Pawlenty refused to say to Romney 's face what he had said absent his presence , that Romney had created "  Obomneycare . " Without hesitation , voters neutered Pawlenty . General election voters may have seen similar weakness in Obama , as he sleepwalked with unmasked indifference through his greatest political challenge . If our president was n't equal to the defining moment of his own re-election , how can we trust him to rise to the test of fixing the economy ? Now , with only three weeks to go , Obama 's campaign marinades in its powerlessness . Doubts metastasize as the administration moans that no one asked the president to protect our Libyan ambassador , as if it had not been his responsibility . He 's started losing female voters , treating women as no more than a constituency of sexual organs and then hiding behind his secretary of state 's skirt . He pretends to protect women , Hispanics , seniors , when he can not protect himself . Obama , Romney face big hurdle in town-hall format : Unpredictability Debates are the most primitive moments in our democracy . In these primal contests , we test those who would lead our country . We send our gladiators into the coliseum to see if they have the authority to command an unexpected moment , satisfying our blood thirst for strong leadership . There is no bigger test . Tonight we should expect a solid performance from both men . Romney has been doing "  Ask Mitt Anything " Town Halls for five years . On the stump these days , he connects with ease , telling stories of the people he 's met , moved by their hopes and suffering . His growth is evidence that our campaign process is not only built to pick presidents but to shape them . Obama is gifted in the town-hall debate format , too . His performance against John McCain was stately ; but one debate alone is probably not enough to rebuild what he has destroyed , the image of constancy and strength . Five things to watch for in Tuesday 's debate It takes only a moment to reveal feebleness . It requires many to reestablish certainty . One good debate tonight will help re-energize Obama 's base but not our country 's confidence in him . Whether victory belongs to Romney or Obama , we do not know but this cake may be baked : The Denver debate may have eradicated the opportunity for both candidates to change the outcome of this election . Mitt Romney may have already won this election : Even if the president has a strong performance tonight , he failed us on the economy , failed us in Libya , failed us in Denver . How can we trust that Barack Obama wo n't fail us again ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Castellanos .	Alex Castellanos : What if there are no more surprises in the presidential campaign ? He says the momentum since the first debate has been all in favor of Romney It may be too late for Obama to make up for his debate weakness , Castellanos says Castellanos : Both candidates have shown they can handle town hall format
Longtime New York Rep. Charlie Rangel , a Democrat , says he is "  OK " with the ruling not to indict the white police officer whose July chokehold during an arrest killed Eric Garner , an unarmed black man , because "  it 's not going to stand . " "  It 's such a ridiculous scenario that I 'm OK with it -- because it 's not going to stand , " Rangel said on CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " Earlier Thursday , the court released details about the evidence given to the grand jury , including the number of witnesses and pieces of evidence involved in the case . But Rangel says the court has made a "  terrible mistake " by not explaining exactly how the grand jury reached their verdict . "  Releasing this is releasing absolutely nothing , " Rangel said . "  We want to find out just one thing : A group of people were there , one of them got killed , and the rest of them were police . Simple as that . " The medical examiner affirmed it was a homicide , Rangel added . "  Now , setting aside suicide , something happened in that room to convince the people that were there that nothing happened , " he said . "  And we just want to find out : How could they have possibly reached that conclusion ? " Rangel , a former New York prosecutor , also said it was a "  stupid mistake " that the other police officers involved in the incident were granted immunity because not enough details about their involvement in Garner 's death have been explained . "  Immunity is given in order to gain the cooperation of witnesses in order to further the indictment that brings the case to court , " Rangel said . "  Here police officers should n't need immunity to tell the truth . If you insist on immunity , it means you think you should be indicted for a crime . " Rangel said he hopes the pending federal investigation illuminates what went on during the grand jury proceedings . On Wednesday , the President said he and outgoing Attorney General Eric Holder are "  not going to let up " in the effort to solve the problem of racial tensions that exists between law enforcement officers and minorities in communities nationwide .	New York Rep. Charlie Rangel says he 's "  OK " with the Eric Garner ruling , because "  it 's not going to stand " Rangel is a former New York prosecutor
Well , that escalated quickly . In fairness to my conservative friends , there 's noooooo way they could have ever known that their newest hero , Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy , would let loose a racist rant . It was unimaginable , crazy . Who 'd have thought ? Sure , he refused to recognize the legitimacy of the federal government , also known as the United States of America . But so did the secessionists of Lincoln 's time , and they were n't racists . No , not at all . They just believed that some people should own other people and that the determining factor in deciding whether you were master or slave was the color of your skin . Besides , by what right does the federal gubmint own that land in Nevada ? Other than the fact that the federal government bought it and paid for it in 1848 .  See the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo .  That does n't mean it 's "  theirs " or anything , does it ? Bundy said of blacks , "  I want to tell you one more thing I know about the Negro . They abort their young children , they put their young men in jail , because they never learned how to pick cotton . And I 've often wondered , are they better off as slaves , picking cotton and having a family life and doing things , or are they better off under government subsidy ? They did n't get no more freedom . They got less freedom . " On Thursday , he defended his remarks . "  I do n't think I 'm wrong , " Bundy told CNN 's Bill Weir . "  I think I 'm right . " So who can blame poor Sean Hannity for looking like a right-wing blockhead for promoting the cause of a guy who turned around and said crazy , racist things ? Well , I can . Let me tell Sean about the Racist : The Racist hates federal subsidies . Not the subsidies that provide grassland to Nevada ranchers at below-market values . Nor the subsidies that bring water to the desert by , say , building Hoover Dam . Nor the subsidies that benefit mining operations in the Silver State . No , the Racist hates subsidies that sap the human soul : like food stamps for moms with hungry children . Especially if those moms happen to be , well , differently pigmented from him . Politicians denounce Bundy 's racist remarks That 's what 's so interesting , not about this racist moron but about the Republicans who supported him until he revealed his views on slavery . Bundy was plainly a nutcase , and the right-wing pundits and politicians should have seen that . He should never have been portrayed as a hero or a victim or anything other than a lawbreaker , a freeloader , a moocher . A taker . For two decades , he grazed his cattle on land that did not belong to him and refused to pay the landowner . Right-wingers , one would think , would hate that . He refused to respect law enforcement , in fact threatened to take up arms against the peace officers whom Republicans usually trip over themselves to honor . I thought conservatives believed in law and order . What if , instead of being a right-wing rancher who flouted the law , Bundy was the leader of a left-wing group of college radicals who occupied a government building ? Ronald Reagan notoriously said of Berkeley protestors , "  If there is to be a bloodbath , let 's get it over with . No more appeasement ! " Or what if Bundy had been the leader of the New Black Panther Party ? What if he and his followers had , for 20 years , brazenly stolen from the federal government , refused to obey court orders and threatened police with guns ? Would Hannity have been duped into defending him ? Fat chance . Or , umm , what if Bundy had been a Muslim , declaring a tiny caliphate on that dusty piece of Nevada ? Does anyone really think Fox News would have made a hero of him then ? Cliven Bundy : Another conservative folk hero exposes racial nerve Bundy 's status as a deadbeat welfare queen should have been sufficient for the likes of Hannity to know better than to support him . His threats of violence against American law enforcement personnel should have had Hannity up in arms . Instead , the right-wing noise machine once more looks like a bunch of dupes and dopes , blindsided when their newest hero turns out to be a racist . It wo n't be the last time this happens . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Paul Begala wonders why Republicans who championed Cliven Bundy were surprised A few Republicans initially rallied around Bundy in dispute over land Bundy wondered this week of blacks , "  Are they better off as slaves , picking cotton ? " Bundy told CNN , "  I do n't think I 'm wrong . ... I think I 'm right "
CNN  -- Serge Betsen has told CNN he is ready to step out of international retirement and help France 's charge for the Rugby World Cup in 2011 . The experienced flanker won 63 caps for his country over a ten-year period before he announced he was quitting the game in January 2008 . He was subsequently tempted out of retirement by English Premiership club London Wasps soon after and has just extended his contract at the club until next year . Now he has told CNN that he has n't ruled out an emotional comeback for what would be his third World Cup , under current coach Marc Lievremont . He said : "  Why not ? When I see my teammates like Simon Shaw and Joe Worsley who are still playing for the England team , yes , I would like to but ask Marc Lievremont . " The 35-year-old says he has been impressed with France 's Six Nations campaign in which they sealed their first Grand Slam since 2004 . He told CNN : "  France started very well in the Six Nations and game after game they built a very strong team . Marc Lievremont deserves this title . "  The team for the next World Cup is ready to go to New Zealand and try to reach for the trophy . " France edged past England in the climax of their Six Nations campaign but Betsen says the World Cup would be a totally different prospect . He should know -- Betsen 's two World Cup experiences as a player ended in defeat to England . He said : "  Like always at the end of a big , big meeting like the World Cup England will be there . "  That 's my concern about the French team because I played twice against England for my two World Cup 's and twice again I was beaten by this team . We need to be focused as a team for the next World Cup . "	Serge Betsen tells CNN he is considering coming out of international retirement Betsen has 63 caps for the French national team France won the Six Nations Grand Slam in March
CNN  -- We all have weird , irrational concerns . So , if you 're just staring at your walls , drowning in fear that the great Tom Hanks may never release a digital typewriter app for your iPad , then this one is for you . Because it finally exists . I 'm just not exactly sure why . But , the new Hanx Writer app definitely looks , acts , and sounds just like a real typewriter , all nestled within the technological convenience of your amazing , space-age digital tablet . The one you bought to replace your laptop . Which you bought to replace your desktop . Which we all bought to replace our typewriters when we realized we were living in the '80s and did n't have to deal with this crap anymore . Speaking of which , did you know the decline of typewriters can directly be traced to the rise of the British pop music duo , Wham ! . Coincidence ? Yes . Totally . Completely . It 's just that I sort of got sucked into an Internet information wormhole , and that was my major takeaway . Typewriters went out . Wham ! came in . Serious journalism . Anyway , I really do n't mean to be critical of anyone 's interest in outdated typewriters . Or even modern , pretend digital typewriters . After all , both are great if you enjoy that warm , old-world feel of seemingly irreversible mistakes . "  Dave , you misspelled seven words . " "  Whatever . It 's not like it 's the Torah . " "  No , it 's your resume . " As for me , it 's just too much trouble . I 'm simply not hipster enough to fully appreciate a device that somehow makes it more difficult to write 700 words about not wearing pants . That kind of art requires only the very best modern technology . And a weird childhood . But long-form writing really is n't the point of the Hanx Writer , for it serves a completely different purpose . Digital nostalgia . And it 's a hit . As I 'm writing this on Thursday night , the Hanx Writer sits proudly as the No. 1 free iPad app in the iTunes store . Behold ! The awesome power of Tom Hanks ! He managed to take something from your parents ' garage , and put it right on your iPad . But what I really find funny is the iTunes category : Productivity . Sorry , Mr. Hanks . I do appreciate the inventiveness of your app and your passion for the medium , however let 's not kid ourselves . It 's anything but productive . Unless , of course , your goal for the day is to make multiple spelling and punctuation mistakes . In which case , it " s f & 9 #ing greatgdzfg ! . ; To be fair , it does have a few necessary conveniences , like a setting which allows you to use "  modern delete . " It also provides for copy-paste . So , it 's sort of a combination of old and new . Users can enjoy the feeling of a typewriter while still processing words digitally . The idea is that what you make will feel to you , and look to your reader , like something more personal than an e-mail or a text message . And Hanks argues that kind of personalization shines best through a typewriter . Even a digital one . The Oscar-winning actor is actually a huge aficionado of typewriters . A year ago , he even wrote an op-ed in the New York Times about why he loves them so much . Amazingly , Hanks says he uses a manual typewriter almost every day . He wrote : "  Everything you type on a typewriter sounds grand , the words forming in mini-explosions of SHOOK SHOOK SHOOK . A thank-you note resonates with the same heft as a literary masterpiece . " Maybe so . "  Sarah , thanks for being my beautiful maid of honor on such a special day for me and Brad . I 'm sorry you threw up in the hotel lobby . " And maybe not . Now , for what it 's worth , this column was crafted  ha !  over the span of two days using two different computers . During that time , I paused to read more of Hanks ' op-ed . And , despite my earlier cynicism , I admit that I now better understand the appeal . Dammit , Tom Hanks . Why do you have to be so charming ? So , yeah , I 'm sort of sold on the idea that an old typewriter might tap into your creativity in a different way . Which is why they put a lot of thought into making this app . Pulling from Hanks ' vast personal collection , the app 's developer , Hitcents , created several totally original vintage-style typewriter choices . One of these comes standard with the app . The others are available for purchase . And each types with a completely different style . With the help of Hanks , they literally studied the ink patterns of these old typewriters , and digitally recreated the typefaces within the app . Thus , if you 're not working on anything too serious as a final draft , and if you want to explore your creativity and communication in a different , perhaps even more personal , way , the Hanx Writer might just be the app for you . Maybe so . "  Sarah , we just got a bill from the hotel . " And maybe not . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	Actor Tom Hanks has helped develop a new app that acts like a typewriter Hanks is a fan of typewriters and has a personal collection The app is supposed to give users a vintage feel , but with modern technology
CNN  -- Fresh from a victory that saw a pair of online-piracy bills shelved , Web-freedom advocates are now fighting to preserve their right to jailbreak their iPhones . The Electronic Freedom Foundation , a key player in the fight against the Stop Online Piracy Act , is urging people to ask the U.S. government to declare that hacking their own smartphone , tablet or other device is not a crime . "  Smartphones , tablets , and video game consoles are powerful computers with lots of untapped potential , " the group says on its website . "  Yet many of these devices are set up to run only software that 's been approved by the manufacturer . "  Modifying a device to run independent software -- known as jailbreaking -- is important to programmers , enthusiasts , and users . " "  Jailbreaking " a phone gives users the ability to download unauthorized apps from any source . It 's particularly popular on iPhones because of Apple 's famously closed environment , which only allows apps bought from its own stores to be used on the phones . Jailbreaking also allows an owner to unlock their phone and switch mobile carriers . Apple 's phones , and its iPads , typically come with an exclusive contract with a mobile provider  originally only AT&T in the United States , although Verizon and Sprint versions have been added  . In July 2010 , the U.S. Copyright Office issued a ruling that exempted jailbreaking from the Digital Millennium Copyright Act  DCMA  -- the same law used last week to shut down file-sharing site MegaUpload . Under DCMA , Apple had the right to request a $ 2,500 government fine for "  circumvention of technological measures . " That could be interpreted to extend to jailbreaking , since the iPhone 's iOS software is copyrighted . Apple had never actually fined one of its customers , but maintained its right to do so and filed an objection to the copyright office 's ruling while it was in the planning stages . The EFF is asking the copyright office to extend the 2010 exemption , which will otherwise expire this year , and add tablets like the iPad to it . They 're also asking for a specific exemption for video-game consoles . The group is specifically asking "  people who depend on the ability to jailbreak to write , use , and/or tinker with independent software  from useful apps to essential security fixes  " to contact the office . The Software Freedom Law Center , another group working on the issue , is asking that exemptions be extended to all personal computing devices . "  People must have the right to control the software running on devices they own , " said Aaron Williamson , a lawyer with the group . "  That right is essential to the continued development of free and open source software and is foundational to our privacy , security , and freedom , online and off . " Apple did not respond to a request for a comment for this story . In the past , the company has said that jailbreaking , which voids an iPhone 's warranty , can introduce bugs and other problems . "  Apple 's goal has always been to insure that our customers have a great experience with their iPhone , and we know that jailbreaking can severely degrade the experience , " a company spokeswoman said in response to the Copyright Office ruling in 2010 . "  The vast majority of customers do not jailbreak their iPhones . "	Advocates want iPhone ` jailbreaking ' to stay legal Jailbreaking lets users change carriers or download apps not in the Apple store Groups also want a legal exemption added for iPads , video game consoles
London , England  CNN  -- Lang Lang Revealed - narrated by Jazz Legend Herbie Hancock . Heralded as the "  hottest artist on the classical music planet " by The New York Times , 27-year-old Lang Lang has played sold out recitals and concerts in every major city in the world . The Chinese child prodigy started playing piano at the age of 3 , won his first competition aged 5 , and today age 27 , he is on Time magazine 's list of the 100 Most Influential People in the World . On this month 's Revealed , we follow the piano prodigy on an adventure out of his classical zone , and into the jazz world to meet his hero , American legend Herbie Hancock . Hancock narrates us through this journey , following Lang Lang back to China for a bittersweet trip down memory lane , and then onto Montreux in Switzerland for his first foray into the jazz world . Today Lang Lang is so much in demand that he is constantly on the move , joking to CNN , "  I am a professional traveler . " Revealed joins Lang Lang on board his private jet on a trip to China , where his megastardom has reached levels which make public outings rather problematic ; Lang Lang is mobbed as soon as he sets foot on the street . We talk to his parents about the practice regime they implemented from the age of 4 , and the ruthless work ethic that they believe has brought him success . Lang Lang has made it his mission to share classical music around the world , with an emphasis on training children through outreach programs . Following his performance at the opening of Beijing 's 2008 Olympic Games , he became a symbol of the youth and future of China . This status has inspired over 35 million Chinese children to learn to play classical piano - a phenomenon popularly referred to as "  the Lang Lang effect . " Revealed documents the days leading up to Lang Lang 's next major Chinese performance . He has been selected by the government to perform in celebrations of the 60-year Anniversary of the People 's Republic of China in Tiananmen Square , a fitting performance for the prodigy who is seen to embody modern China . The frenzy surrounding Lang Lang in China inspired iconic piano maker Steinway to create their first piano branded in someone 's name . On a visit to the Steinway shop along the way , Lang Lang meets two aspiring young pianists , and Revealed captures an impromptu masterclass with the two young boys . Lang Lang is not however everyone 's cup of tea . Famously "  loved by some , reviled by others , " there are those who find his flashy image and demonstrative performing styles at odds with the world of classical music . But Lang Lang is not concerned about that . His mission is to spread a love of music and popularize classical works . Revealed follows him to the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland , where he teams up with his hero , Jazz legend Hancock . The feeling of admiration is entirely mutual , and for Hancock who has not played classical repertoire in many years , he is feeling out of his depth . "  Lang Lang is totally amazing , I 'm pretty terrified to be up on stage playing alongside him . I 've never practiced so much in my life ! " Backstage another Jazz legend Quincy Jones has popped by for the concert , remarking , "  Lang Lang has taken the world by storm . This is as good as it gets . " Only 27 years old , Lang Lang is high on life and music , and hungry for as much adventure as he can get his hands on . His energy and enthusiasm rubs off on all those he comes into contact with , and as Revealed quickly discovers , a trail of laughter , hugs and applause seems to follow him everywhere he goes . Tune in to Revealed to join Herbie Hancock as he walks and laughs us through the adventure that brought him and Lang Lang , two worlds , two generations , and two musical genres together . Join Revealed for a glimpse into a musical genius ' life . www.cnn.com/revealed Watch Lang Lang on Revealed in November at the following times : Wednesday 18 November : 0930 , 1730 Saturday 21 November : 0930 , 1800 , 2130 Sunday 22 November : 0630 , 1830 , 0400  all times GMT	Chinese child prodigy Lang Lang started playing piano at the age of three He has performed at the Beijing Games and China 's 60th anniversary Watch Lang Lang collaborate with jazz legend Herbie Hancock
CNN  -- For Anthony Williams , being black in America means being a suspect . Anthony Williams says he feels like he 's always a suspect to police . The 39-year-old former Marine said he 's never had any trouble with the law , other than a few traffic violations , and leads a middle-class life in the Atlanta , Georgia , area . But the AT&T customer care representative said he still gets nervous when he hears that police are looking for a 6-foot-tall black man , "  because I know I fit that description . " "  I worry I will get pulled over and some police officer decides to shoot first and ask questions later , " Williams wrote . Police recently questioned him in his own driveway after getting complaints that a man was walking in neighbors ' yards , Williams said . iReport.com : Tell us what you thought of "  Black in America . " "  You never know what to expect when you get pulled over by police , and that 's how it is when you 're black , " he said . Vince Priester of Lithonia , Georgia , said the documentary was "  intriguing and moving " and showed that "  with all the change we 've made as a society , things really have n't changed " for black people . "  You have to tone yourself down when you 're around white people , " he said . "  There 's nervousness from white women when I share an elevator with them ; they put their hand on their pocketbook . " "  You have to almost change yourself , dilute yourself , to live in a white society , " he said . iReport.com : Vince Priester describes being black in America We asked iReport.com writers and readers to share their reaction to part one of the four-hour documentary "  Black in America . " Dozens of people have responded in the hours since the show ended . Ayana Gooden , a 34-year-old artist , musician and Web designer in New York , said that she enjoyed the show but that it missed one question : Why ? "  To look at how things are in the present , you really have to look at the past , " she said . Slavery and segregation have left deep scars that take generations to heal . She said her own parents could n't vote without harassment for a third of their lives . Sonya Freeman of Brooklyn , New York , said the black community is still struggling under white oppression . "  The whole single mom thing and people not being married ... back in the day , especially during slavery time , black people were n't allowed to be married , " she said . She said her grandfather was n't allowed to go to school past the sixth grade . "  It 's not just bad decision-making . It was a whole set of values that were not learned , so they ca n't be passed down , " she said . Nicole Adams of the Bronx , New York , said that she enjoyed the show but that there were too many issues to cover in just four hours . "  How do you speak about black women and not talk about depression , which is a battle that many women , including myself , face every day ? " she asked . Adams also questioned the emphasis on two-parent families , saying that "  the character of the people in the household and not the number was the real determining factor . " The 37-year-old grew up with a mom and a dad but said their relationship was dysfunctional . "  I did n't have a model of a healthy relationship , so I did n't know how to participate productively in a relationship , " she said . "  I fought so hard not to be like my mom . . that I sabotaged my own relationship . "	"  Black in America " provokes strong reaction from iReporters Anthony Williams says he knows he "  fits the description " Ayana Gooden says she wished special focused more on past Share your thoughts on Part 2 on iReport.com
CNN  -- Table flipping . Hair pulling . Name calling . Glass chucking . Fist throwing . Who needs scripted dialogue when women are willing to physically and emotionally exchange blows for the camera ? MTV 's "  Jersey Shore , " the mega-hit known for both male and female brawls , featured yet another bar fight on Thursday night 's episode . Despite hyping the altercation between cast member Sammi Giancola and a female club-goer in a promo for the show , the scene was treated like any other segment . Catfights have become practically de rigueur for many cable and network reality series . Shows like "  The Bachelor , " "  Mob Wives , " "  The Real Housewives " and "  Love & Hip Hop " all seemingly rely on female cast members ' aggressive behavior for ratings . The genre has become more about shock TV than reality TV , said Steve Carbone , who runs the spoiler site Realitysteve.com . That said , "  If you 're shocked by what you see  on reality TV  , you should n't be , " he said . For almost a decade , viewers have watched 25 to 30 women vie for the attention of one man each season on ABC 's "  The Bachelor . " And if the majority of catfights on reality TV have taught us anything , it 's that viewers love watching women fight over a man . So what 's shocking about the current season 's villain , Courtney , who said she 'd like to "  verbally assault " and "  rip another girl 's head off " ? Carbone rhetorically asked . "  People , two years ago , were saying the exact same thing about Vienna . " Mary McClelland , who contributes to the reality TV site Reality Tea , said viewers are still shocked by cattiness and girl-on-girl violence despite no longer being appalled by it . "  Viewers almost revel in it ... in an excited way , " she said , adding that stories about catfights on reality shows elicit the most comments on Reality Tea . Judging by the comments , people seem to be annoyed by the constant cattiness on such shows , McClelland said , adding , "  Maybe people like the cringe factor . " And so producers routinely cast women who will be controversial . As Shaunie O'Neal , the executive producer and star of VH1 's "  Basketball Wives , " wrote in a commentary for CNN.com in July , "  I 'm not a big supporter of the bickering , drink throwing and fighting , but when you put a group of strong , independent and vocal women who are going through or just came out of a bad relationship together , there 's bound to be a little drama . " "  More and more people are starting to realize how scripted some of this stuff is , " Carbone said . "  Not in terms of words , but in unscripted drama . They 're not telling people what to say , but they 're giving them a situation where they know what 's going to arise . " That 's exactly what happened when VH1 's other reality hit "  Love & Hip Hop " found Chrissy Lampkin and Kimbella Vanderhee in the same room . What began as a verbal disagreement ended with flying fists and exposed lady parts . "  Viewers like to find a character to dislike , " McClelland said . "  People like to have sides . Like with ` The Real Housewives of New Jersey ' -- Caroline  Manzo  vs. Teresa  Giudice  . Fans are into that . " Who could forget Giudice 's infamous "  last supper , " in which she flipped a table over . "  There 's over 100  reality shows  with all of the cable programs , " Carbone said . "  You almost have to outdo the others to get noticed . " The aggression appears to have amped up recently . A study out of Brigham Young University published in 2010 stated that "  reality-television programs contained high levels of verbal and relational aggression , but almost no physical violence . Such ` meanness ' is so frequent , that it is almost expected in reality programs . " And shows like Oxygen 's "  Bad Girls Club " are built around mean girls and fights . These shows clearly have an audience . However , Carbone said , that does n't mean viewers are desensitized to girl-on-girl violence . If they were , he said , producers would move on to a new attention-grabbing storyline . Which raises a frightening question : What does a show have to do for us to say , "  Oh , we 've never seen this on reality TV before " ?	Sammi Giancola engaged in a bar fight on Thursday 's episode of "  Jersey Shore " Catfights have become standard for many cable and network reality series "  The Bachelor , " "  Mob Wives " and "  Love & Hip Hop " feature such aggressive behavior
CNN  -- Wladimir Klitschko will take a hefty weight advantage into his world heavyweight title unification match against David Haye in Hamburg Saturday . The Ukrainian tipped the scales at 17st 4lb , while Britain 's Haye came in at 15st 2lbs , over two stones lighter . Haye , a former cruiserweight champion , will be putting his WBA title on the line while Klitschko defends the IBF and WBO versions of the world crown . The 30-year-old Haye will be two pounds heavier than for his last fight against fellow Briton Audley Harrison , while Klitschko is five pounds lighter than for his previous bout against Samuel Peter . Haye was supported by a large British contingent who have gathered in the Geman port city for the fight in the Imtech Arena used by Bundesliga side SV Hamburg . Despite a 25-1 record , Haye is rated an underdog against the giant Klitschko , whose brother Vitali holds the WBC version of the title . But he was in typically bullish mood as he addressed reporters after the weigh-in . "  I 'm so proud to be involved in it and for the guy that knocks the other unconscious it is going to be a great feeling , to be the main man , at the pinnacle of the heavyweight division . "  I believe being the unified heavyweight champion is the pinnacle of the sport and I 'm looking forward to going in there and claiming my rightly-deserved titles , " he said . Klitschko , who has a record of 55 wins , 49 knockouts and three knockout defeats , said it was "  time for the talking to end . " He will take height , reach and weight advantage into the eagerly-awaited fight which will be watched by over 50,000 in the football stadium with big television audiences in Britain and Germany , where both the Klitschko brothers have a devoted following .	Wladimir Klitschko takes big weight advantage into title match against David Haye Klitschko weighs in more than two sets heavier than Haye Klitschko defends IBF and WBO crowns while Haye has WBA heavyweight title Sell out crowd of over 50,000 for Saturday 's bout in Hamburg
My daughter graduated from Duplos to traditional LEGOs when she was 5 , around the time the iconic building blocks maker released its Friends line based on five female characters . My daughter was interested in science and art , but LEGO was interested in selling her pink beauty salons and cupcake bakeries . When we went LEGO shopping , she expressed frustration over the lack of female "  minifigures " in her favorite LEGOs , such as the blue - and black-packaged City set or the yellow-boxed Dino world . LEGO has expanded the Friends line by introducing activities such as biking , camping and playing sports . But now at 7 , my daughter is very much aware of the gender disparity in toy marketing . She sees it in the color-coded toy aisles , where male characters outnumber females , and she 's frustrated that she does not see more female characters in toys she likes . The Friends line encapsulates my problem with LEGO : the lack of female minifigures in the yellow , blue and black boxes and the lack of males in the Friends sets . It 's obvious from walking through a toy store that LEGO has focused its licensing and product development around boys . To capture the girl market , LEGO created the alternate , girl-only world of Heartlake City for Friends instead of incorporating more females into existing LEGO sets . LEGO says the line was one of its most successful to date , "  surpassing early projections to triple the number of girls building with LEGO bricks " in 2012 . But that still leaves the market wide open for children such as my daughter , who want more female "  minifigs " in gender-neutral packaging . Instead , LEGO clearly distinguishes which sets are aimed at boys or girls , and our children take in the colors on the packaging and placement on the shelves through a cultural lens . They get the message loud and clear . LEGO is the second-largest toy manufacturer in the world ; gender parity matters in a product that is consumed and loved by so many children . When kids play across gender lines Through my business and blog , I frequently discuss gender stereotypes in children 's products . A few weeks ago , a dad in New Zealand pointed out the LEGO CUUSOO competition site , which allows LEGO enthusiasts to submit product ideas on which the community may vote . The father asked me to use my social media following to promote a project called the "  Female Minifigure Set , " comprising 13 ideas for female minifigures engaged in astronomy , chemistry , geology , zoology , firefighting and law enforcement . I loved the project 's focus on women in science , technology , engineering and mathematics . These are examples I want for my daughter and son . If my daughter sees females in these roles , she is more likely to believe that she can fill these roles as an adult . If my son grows up with females occupying an equal amount of space in his toys , he is more likely to become an adult who respects women and sees them as equals . Teen says pink Easy-Bake oven discourages boys from playing kitchen Research shows that when women make up 25 % or more of a group , stereotypes begin to drop off , according to gender activist group SPARK Summit . About 16 % of LEGO minifigures are female , and this number includes the Friends line , according to SPARK Summit analysis . The project reached 10,000 votes on June 13 , thanks in large part to social media . LEGO said the project will advance to the review phase , where a LEGO review board will examine the idea . During the campaign to get 10,000 votes , I noticed how many times people commented they would buy these sets because their sons and daughters wanted them . I drafted a Change.org petition to aggregate these consumer voices and let LEGO executives know that if they make the Female Minifigure Set , we will buy it in droves . The petition asks LEGO 's decision-makers to consider the voices of more than 9,000 petition signers who say they would buy female LEGO Minifigs for our sons and daughters . While gender equality in toys is largely seen as a girl-power issue , dozens of comments on the petition indicate that parents understand it 's important for boys and girls to see female characters doing smart and daring things . I think LEGO is a wonderful toy with a few not wonderful parts . LEGO gives my son and daughter a chance to play side by side . And in the end , that is what I am after , a space that is equal for boys and girls .	Melissa Atkins Wardy launched a petition asking LEGO to make proposed Female Minifigure Set Female Minifigure Set includes 13 female characters in law enforcement , science roles Wardy says it 's good for girls and boys to see female figures in smart and daring roles
CNN  -- Wisconsin protesters geared up for a third week of demonstrations on Monday as Democratic lawmakers were again missing from the state capitol , protesting a bill that would curb collective bargaining rights for most public workers . The state 's 14 Democratic senators have fled to neighboring Illinois to prevent a quorum of 20 votes needed for a budget repair bill that would require public employees -- with the exception of police and firefighters -- to cover more of their retirement plans and health care premiums . Collective bargaining would be limited to wages , though any pay increases beyond the inflation rate would be subject to voter approval . "  There are plenty of states that do not have collective bargaining , " Republican Gov. Scott Walker said Monday . "  We have a right to do this with the statutes and that 's what we 're doing . " Union leaders have agreed to pay more for benefits , but oppose restricting bargaining rights that the governor argues is needed for meaningful fiscal reforms . Wisconsin is "  broke , " and unions use their power to block necessary cost-saving measures , Walker said Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  It 's about time somebody stood up and told the truth in this state , and said , ` Here 's our problem , here 's the solution , ' and acted on it , " he said . "  Because if we do n't , we fail to make a commitment to the future . " Moments later on the program , AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka assailed Walker . "  This is n't about the budget crisis , " he said , adding that Walker 's arguments have "  migrated " as his justifications have been refuted . "  Governors that are willing to sit down and work with their employees can work out problems , " Trumka said . "  We can solve them . But that 's not what Governor Walker is doing . He says , ' I wo n't talk to you . ' " Wisconsin is confronted with a $ 137 million budget shortfall by June 30 . The embattled governor has defended his budget repair bill , saying the measures are needed to head off a $ 3.6 billion budget gap by 2013 that could result in thousands of layoffs . The state had faced a suggested Friday deadline to balance the budget , but the crucial date is March 16 , officials said . Meanwhile , some of the hundreds of demonstrators who had filled the Capitol building -- gathering inside the rotunda in daily protest of the proposed legislation -- had left the building by Monday at the request of state police , said Department of Administration spokeswoman Jodi Jensen . "  Of those who remained , all but a few have voluntarily complied with the request of law enforcement to remain in a designed area of the building , " Jensen said . "  No additional protesters will be allowed into the building until this situation is resolved . " Hundreds gathered outside the Capitol building later on Monday , chanting , "  Let us in ! " Their yells were met by a group of protesters who remained inside , chanting , "  Let them in ! " Representative Peter Barca , the Democratic leader in Wisconsin 's state assembly , called the lock-down unacceptable . "  Politicians may not always enjoy hearing what the citizens of this state have to say , but it is wrong to block elected officials from their constituents , " Barca said . "  There are a number of scheduled meetings in the building today and the public has a right to attend them and visit their legislators . " A pro-union political action committee called "  Defending Wisconsin " filed a lawsuit Monday in a U.S. District Court against the state of Wisconsin for not letting people to enter the capitol building , said the group 's director Jeremy J. Ryan . Authorities had initially given demonstrators until late Sunday afternoon to leave the building , saying it needed to be cleaned after roughly two weeks of protests . "  We 're going through an extensive cleaning process tonight , " Wisconsin Capitol Police Chief Charles Tubbs said late Sunday . "  We 're hoping to get through that . " And while many people left , others defied the order and remained inside . Some said they were willing to risk arrest in a conflict that has become a flash point in the nation 's debate around labor unions . The budget bill was passed by assembly lawmakers early Friday and must now clear the Senate , where absent Democrats have stalled the legislative process while awaiting a compromise outside state borders . Walker has called on the lawmakers to "  come back and do their job , " sending state patrol officers to Democrat homes in an effort to pressure their return . "  If we fail to pass this bill by Tuesday , we lose $ 165 million worth of savings . If we continue down that path we start seeing layoffs , " he warned . Randi Weingarten , president of the American Federation of Teachers told CNN Sunday that workers in Wisconsin have sent a message to Walker that " ` we understand and we will do our fair share . ' " But Walker is sending a different message , Weingarten said : " ` I 'm just taking away your voice at work . ' " In the long term , that message "  is ridiculous because collective bargaining is the way to increase quality , " she said . President Barack Obama also weighed in on Monday , appearing to allude to the growing controversy by telling a group of governors that while "  everybody should be prepared to give up something " in the face of new budget realities , "  I do n't think it does anybody any good when public employees are vilified " or their rights are infringed upon . While the president has publicly expressed support for those fighting to keep collective bargaining in Wisconsin , he has not joined them at protests . Walker 's spokesman , Cullen Werwie , quickly responded , calling the president 's comments a "  misunderstanding . " "  I 'm sure the President knows that the average federal worker pays twice as much for health insurance as what we are asking for in Wisconsin , " Werwie said in a written statement . Trumka of the AFL-CIO insisted that Obama , who faces federal budget challenges , is "  doing it the right way . " "  He 's not taking on workers like Scott Walker is and trying to take away their ability to come together and negotiate a middle-class way of life , " Trumka said . Walker is expected to give the state 's annual budget address to a joint session of the state legislature Tuesday at 4 p.m.  5 p.m.ET  . But the showdown over budgets and bargaining rights is not limited to the Badger State . In Indiana , Democratic lawmakers -- much like those from Wisconsin -- remained in Illinois on Monday , extending the stalemate over a Republican-backed proposal they say will restrict workers ' rights . Republican house members claim they have scrapped a "  right-to-work " bill that would have prevented private-sector unions from requiring workers to pay dues for representation . But Indiana Democrats are skeptical . "  You 'll forgive us if we do n't take them at their word , " said party spokesman John Schorg . "  We were out  of the state  today and chances are we will be out tomorrow . " Schorg said negotiations between Republicans and Democrats had come to a virtual stand-still Monday . The state 's Republican governor , Mitch Daniels -- who ended collective bargaining with public unions soon after his election in 2005 -- has defended the bill as necessary cost-cutting measure . The former budget director under George W. Bush , Daniels -- who is often described as a potential 2012 presidential candidate -- may now be facing a more difficult task in scaling back the negotiating rights of private unions . The state assembly met on Monday , but lacked the two-thirds quorum needed to pass legislation . Lawmakers face a April 29 deadline to balance the state budget , officials said . In Ohio , a budget bill supported by another GOP governor , John Kasich , prompted thousands of labor-backed demonstrators to descend on Columbus to protest a proposal that would curtail union bargaining rights . Senate Republicans , who command a 23-10 majority -- currently lack enough votes to pass another controversial budget bill affecting public workers . The proposal , known as Senate Bill 5 , would prevent employees from negotiating health care , pensions and automatic pay raises based on seniority . The measure would also ban strikes for all public workers -- rather than just those involved in public safety -- but was recently amended to allow state employees to negotiate salaries , according to state Sen. Shannon Jones . "  We ca n't sustain the contracts that have clogged up the arteries of government for the last 30 years , " said Jason Mauk , a spokesman for the Ohio Senate Majority Caucus . "  We 're allowing unions to negotiate terms that should be the employers ' decision . " Mauk said Republican lawmakers view the measure as "  long-term reform to restructure state government . " He says its an effort to "  trim around the edges to make government leaner and more efficient . " But opposition groups say the bill is anti-union . Crowds of union supporters -- who last week surrounded the state capitol chanting , "  Kill the Bill " -- are expected to again board Columbus-bound buses in protest of the measure on Tuesday . Democrats had refused to put forth a single amendment after lawmakers described the proposal as "  fatally flawed . " The next senate hearing on the measure is set to begin Tuesday at 1p . m.  2p . m.ET  . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Ted Rowlands and Eric Fiegel contributed to this report	NEW : Indiana Democratic legislators stay out of state in protest of budget bill NEW : Negotiations between Republicans and Democrats are at a virtual stand-still NEW : In Ohio , a senate hearing on collective bargaining and budget cuts is set for Tuesday NEW : Wisconsin governor 's aide says Obama remarks are a "  misunderstanding "
CNN  -- When Piper Below lost her dog , Jack , on a morning walk , the last thing she expected was to find him with the help of hundreds of strangers on the Internet . But since Below was desperate to track him down , she did just that -- by going to popular Internet forum Reddit and posting a plea on the Houston board for residents to look out for her dog . After an outpouring of people offered to keep an eye out , one Reddit user found Jack wandering in the parking lot of a grocery store and reached out to let Below know . "  REDDIT HE 'S FOUND !!!! AND YOU DID IT !!!!! I have to leave to take him to the vet but he seems like maybe he 's ok . I COULD KISS YOU ALL ! , " Below wrote on the forum . Below , a professor at the University of Texas School of Public Health , told HLN that she was originally worried that she could n't dedicate the time to Jack that he deserved . After finding the dog wandering dazed in the middle of the street in early September , she took him in and tried to do what she could to nurse him back to health . "  He had skin infections , eye infections . He was filthy , malnourished , you name it , " she said . "  He seemed sweet for a dog that did n't seem coherent . I have never owned a dog before , but I did my best to nurse him back to health . " After a few rounds of meds and some good rest , Jack seemed to be making a speedy recovery ... but Below 's plan to find him a home elsewhere was quickly eroding . "  I kept seeing this incredible personality come out of him , " she told HLN . "  When we went to the vet to get his issues addressed , he just set his chin on my knee and waited calmly while he got prodded and poked . He had only known me for a week , and he had stolen my heart . " Below had made the decision to keep Jack in early October . She , Jack and a neighbor were walking in an empty lot near her home on December 1 when Jack slipped through a gap in the fence and took off . Below watched as he ran into the street and was hit by a big , white truck . "  He bounced off the truck , got up and ran back toward us . I thought he was coming back , but he darted off instead . And I knew I had to find him , " she told HLN . That night , Below decided to take to Reddit to see if she could spread the word to look for Jack . She posted in several different forums and went to sleep after spending time with supportive friends . The next morning , she woke up to hundreds of messages . A Reddit user put her in touch with a man that maintains a large email list of people involved in animal rescue , which eventually led to one of the people on the list finding Jack . Below was at work at around 3:30 p.m. Monday when she got a phone call from a woman who said she had her eyes on Jack nearby . Below darted as fast as her legs could carry her to find them . "  A man came up to me when I was running to meet her and asked if I had seen a dog , and I said "  I 'm looking for my dog ! ' and he said ` I 'm from Reddit ! ' It was crazy and amazing , " Below said . Below finally found Jack with the woman who had contacted her , and when she did , the reunion was nothing but tears and palpable relief . "  I saw his body relax as soon as he saw me , " she told HLN . "  So I had this scared , filthy dog in my arms , and I was crying . There just are n't words . " Below said that the support from Reddit stunned and amazed her . "  I got e-mails from people that said ' I go on a walk every day . I 'll reroute near where Jack was lost and look for him . ' One woman said she was stuck at home with an injury and had nothing to do , so she would go look for him . And even when we found him , we met someone who was out looking for him , " she told HLN . While not a heavy Reddit user before now  Below describes herself as more of a "  lurker "  , she said that the site is an incredible tool for gathering information and that she uses it daily to keep an eye on what 's going on in the world . "  It curates the entire Internet for you , " she told HLN . "  And thanks to it , I found my dog . "	Piper Below lost her dog during a morning walk Strangers on Internet forum Reddit helped her find the pup Below said the support from Reddit stunned and amazed her
CNN  -- Lampooning politicians in Kenya 's The Nation newspaper has been cartoonist Godfrey Mwampembwa 's job since 1992 , but it was his vocation long before that . Better known by his pen name Gado , Mwampembwa started drawing as a teenager and soon found that blending satire with his drawings could lead to a career . Freelance jobs at newspapers and magazines in Tanzania and Kenya followed for Dar es Salaam 's Daily News , Business Times and The Express . Since 1992 , Gado has worked as an editorial cartoonist and illustrator for the Kenyan-based Daily Nation , the largest newspaper in East and Central Africa . But now the cartoonist has taken his 2D black-and-white satirizing from the page to the screen . Mwampembwa was the brains behind "  The XYZ Show , " Kenya 's first satirical puppet TV show that aired earlier this year . "  The XYZ Show " is based on the hugely popular "  Spitting Image " show that aired in the UK from 1984 to 1996 , and France 's popular "  Les Guignols , " featuring latex caricature puppets of politicians and celebrities . "  The XYZ Show " had been in the pipeline since 2002 , but Mwampembwa found it a tough sell to broadcasters in areas where more Western-style satire had not been seen before . There was also the issue of keeping editorial control over the project . "  We said , ` We would control the content , because we know where we want to take this . We want it to be independent . We want it to be fair . We want it to be hard-hitting , ' " Mwampembwa told Variety magazine . In the end , financial support from the Ford Foundation arrived to breathe life into the project and its latex puppets . While entertaining , the show is also making people think about and discuss the issues that made Mwampembwa pick up his pen and get "  The XYZ Show " on air . Kenya 's disputed election in December 2007 added even more fuel to his exposé of Kenyan politics . "  After the 2007 elections , we argued that it was the right time for a show like this , that Kenya needed a show like this : We have one -LSB- coalition -RSB- government and no opposition so we needed to strengthen criticism , " Mwampembwa told the Global Post . Many do n't take kindly to the criticism ; Mwampembwa has allegedly faced threats to his personal safety during his career . But that "  The XYZ Show " could be broadcast shows a freedom of media in Kenya that Mwampembwa appreciates . As for keeping a keen eye on the country 's politicians , he believes it 's not his job alone . "  I think it 's everybody 's duty , " he told the BBC . "  You ca n't put that responsibility on one individual , as every Kenyan should contribute to expose what is happening and to expose corruption . " Watch Gado on CNN on African Voices on Saturday , November 7 , 11.30 and 18.30 GMT Sunday , November 8 , 17.00 GMT	Godfrey Mwampembwa , better known as Gado , is Kenya 's best-known cartoonist Has been penning his politically charged cartoons in The Nation since 1992 Was the creative force behind Kenya 's new satirical puppet show , "  The XYZ Show "
CNN  -- Bruce Wayne would never stand for BatKid getting cut from the Oscars , and the Internet has n't either . Rumor has it that the March 2 Oscars ceremony was supposed to include 5-year-old Miles Scott , aka "  BatKid , " but did n't due to rumored tension between the show 's producers and "  The Amazing Spider-Man " star Andrew Garfield . Now the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences is supplying an explanation . "  Due to the nature of a live show , hard decisions sometimes must be made , " a statement from the Academy says . And those difficult decisions , the statement continues , "  require the Academy to cut segments due to the logistics of production . " Initially , Miles was going to appear during the Oscars ' superhero segment along with Garfield . Miles has become about as famous as the actor , thanks to his heroic efforts as "  BatKid " last fall . Miles has been fighting leukemia since he was 20 months old , and , through the "  Make-A-Wish " foundation , wanted nothing more than to be Batman for the day . In November his wish was granted , as San Francisco was turned into Gotham and thousands of volunteers -- including President Obama -- rooted for Miles and pitched in to give him plenty of crime-fighting to do . His participation in the Oscars ceremony would have been a treat , for both Miles and the viewers at home . But on March 5 , the New York Post 's Page Six ran a story implying that tension between Garfield and the show 's producers led to the bit being pulled . Both the Academy and Garfield have disputed those claims , saying that it was a mutual understanding that the segment needed to be eliminated . Garfield 's lawyers told the Post that "  Andrew did nothing but give his time to Miles , " and that it was producers Zadan and Meron who "  decided the bit did n't flow . It did n't work . It was n't because Andrew refused anything . " And according to the Academy , Garfield "  understood that his segment had to be omitted , and he drove to Disneyland on Monday to spend time with 5-year-old Miles Scott and his family . " CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Miles Scott , aka Batkid , had a planned appearance at the Oscars that was cut He was supposed to appear with "  Spider-Man " actor Andrew Garfield Reports said tension between actor and producers let to bit being pulled However , Garfield and the Academy have disputed that claim
CNN  -- A retired American doctor who was working with Ebola patients in West Africa returned to the United States -- and put himself in quarantine . Dr. Alan Jamison volunteered in the Liberian capital of Monrovia this month as part of an international medical group . He returned to the United States on July 25 , according to Medical Teams International , the organization he worked with . MTI declined to discuss details of how Jamison traveled back to the United States , including whether he was on a commercial flight . Jamison , 69 , said he 's had no symptoms of the deadly virus , but has been in seclusion since he returned to his hometown of Morristown , Tennessee . He plans to be in isolation for 21 days , which is the incubation period for the disease -- or the time between infection and onset of symptoms . "  My last encounter with a patient who had Ebola was on July 19 , " he said . "  I contacted the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on my arrival ... and informed them I had been in West Africa and my history . " The father of three said his daughter picked him up from the airport and dropped him at home , where he 's quarantined himself and has had no contact with anyone since . "  I 'm feeling normal and doing the typical things a person would do in their home , " he said . " I have my family who can bring me food if I need anything , and they would not enter the house . They can leave items outside the home . " Ebola spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . Patients are only contagious when they show symptoms , not during the incubation period , according to the World Health Organization . "  I was not concerned that I was contagious when I left Africa , and not concerned at this time because I have no symptoms of the disease , " Jamison said . The retired pediatrician said he was volunteering with Medical Teams International . "  It was very stressful and emotional to see these things in Liberia , " Jamison said . Liberia is one of three nations battling an outbreak of Ebola . The World Health Organization says Ebola has been confirmed or suspected to have infected more than 1,300 people , with more than 700 deaths in West Africa this year . So far , the disease has been confined to Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . One man died in quarantine in Nigeria after leaving Liberia . Two American medical workers infected in West Africa will receive treatment in Atlanta . Dr. Kent Brantly arrived in Georgia on Saturday aboard a specially equipped plane and was taken to Emory University Hospital . The plane is headed to Liberia to retrieve the other American , fellow missionary Nancy Writebol . The treatment of the patients will be conducted under strict safety protocols , U.S. officials said . There 's no cure for Ebola . The most common approach is to support organ functions and keep up bodily fluids such as blood and water long enough for the body to fight off the infection . Despite the risks , Jamison said he 'd return to West Africa to help combat Ebola . Questions about the Ebola outbreak	Dr. Alan Jamison says he volunteered in the Liberian capital of Monrovia He returned to the United States on July 25 He plans to be in isolation for 21 days Two American medical workers have been infected with Ebola in West Africa
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- A Russian-led bloc of post-Soviet nations has agreed to establish a rapid-reaction military force to combat terrorists and respond to regional emergencies , Russian media reported Wednesday . Russian navy soldiers stand guard during a military ceremony . The decision came a day after reports that Kyrgyzstan is planning to close a strategically important U.S. military base that Washington uses to transport troops and supplies into Afghanistan . On Wednesday , the Collective Security Treaty Organization -- made up of Russia , Armenia , Belarus , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan and Tajikistan -- decided on the rapid-reaction force at a Kremlin summit , the Russian news agency RIA-Novosti reported . The group 's security council "  spent a long time discussing the central issue of forming collective reaction forces and , generally , of rapid reaction to possible threats , " said Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , according to Russian news agency Interfax . "  Everyone agreed that the formation of joint forces is necessary , " he said . Officials told Russian media that all the members had signed the agreement , though Uzbekistan submitted a special provision . Uzbekistan does n't mind contributing military units to the rapid-reaction force "  but does not consider it necessary for the moment " to attach emergency responders , drug-control forces and other special services , organization spokesman Vitaly Strugovets told Interfax . Russian media reported that the force will be used to fight military aggressors , conduct anti-terror operations , battle regional drug trafficking and respond to natural disasters . The force will be based in Russia under a single command , with member nations contributing military units . On Tuesday , Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev announced at a Moscow news conference that "  all due procedures " were being initiated to close Manas Air Base , RIA-Novosti reported . The announcement was made after news reports of a multimillion-dollar aid package from Russia to Kyrgyzstan . Gen. David Petraeus , who oversees U.S. operations in the Middle East and Central Asia , including Afghanistan , was in Kyrgyzstan last month , partly to lobby the government to allow the United States to keep using the base . He said he and Kyrgyz leaders did not discuss "  at all " the possible closure of the base and said local officials told him there was "  no foundation " for news reports about the issue . The United States is planning to send an additional 30,000 troops to Afghanistan to halt a resurgence of the Taliban . Petraeus described Manas as having "  an important role in the deployment of these forces " and in refueling aircraft . The relationship between the United States and Kyrgyzstan was damaged when a Kyrgyz citizen was killed by a U.S. airman in December 2006 . The airman was transferred out of Kyrgyzstan , and the dead man 's family was offered compensation . Petraeus said in January that the investigation was being reopened . As he announced the base closure Tuesday , Bakiyev said he was not satisfied with the inquiry into the accident and his government 's "  inability to provide security to its citizens " was proving a serious concern . Medvedev also weighed in on the issue Wednesday , saying the base closure should n't hamper anti-terrorism operations , according to Interfax . "  It would be great if their numbers meant there were fewer terrorists , but such action depends on other things as well , " he said .	Seven nations agree to form rapid-reaction force Russian media say force will fight terrorism , respond to disasters It will be based in Russia under a single command Report comes after Kyrgyzstan says it will close U.S. base
Rome  CNN  A crewless , powerless ship that drifted in the Mediterranean with hundreds of migrants aboard has been towed to an Italian port . Francesco Perrotti , the harbormaster in Corigliano Calabro , said 360 migrants were found on the cargo ship Ezadeen -- 74 under 18 years of age and four pregnant . The Red Cross arrived to greet the migrants leaving the ship . All of them appeared to be in good health and nobody was hospitalized or quarantined , he said . The migrants were being sent to reception facilities . Authorities responded late Thursday to a distress call from the Ezadeen , Italy 's coast guard said . It 's the second rescue of a crewless vessel off Italy 's coast , in what appears to be a worrying new tactic by people traffickers who either abandon the ship or mix with the passengers . Overnight , the Ezadeen was at a standstill 58 miles  93 kilometers  off the city of Crotone in the Ionian Sea , the coast guard said , where rescuers were trying to restart the boat 's engines . The Icelandic coast guard said its vessel Tyr towed the stranded ship to shore . The Tyr was unable to dock at a nearer port because of the ship 's limited maneuverability , the coast guard said . The Tyr was doing surveillance for Frontex , the European Union border management agency , when it was called in to help . Six Italian and four Icelandic coast guard crew members boarded the Ezadee , the Italian coast guard said . As well as taking control of the ship , they brought food and water for its passengers UN : 3,000 died in 2014 trying to get to Europe The Italian air force and coast guard said that weather conditions had made the rescue operation very challenging , with coast guard crew members having to be taken by helicopter to the ship , which is flying the flag of Sierra Leone . The alarm was raised when migrants launched an SOS , said Floriana Segreto , a spokeswoman for the Italian coast guard . Since last September , she told CNN , there have been 15 similar cargo ships carrying mainly migrants from Syria who are wealthier and can pay more than others who are forced to travel on smaller , rickety boats . She cited the International Organization for Migration as saying the price for each passenger was about 6,000 euros  $ 7,260  , with a reduction if there are more than 250 passengers on board . Such cargo ships leave from a Greek or Turkish port with the migrants already on board , she said . They are old merchant ships that "  should not be navigating in the Mediterranean Sea , " she said , and still have a flag , as in the case of the Ezadeen , or carry a fake flag . They sail in Turkish or Greek waters without rousing suspicion and appear to be normal merchant ships , Segreto said . However , once in Italian "  save and rescue " operational waters , they launch a mayday via satellite phone to a humanitarian association or directly to the Italian coast guard , she said . The smugglers then either abandon ship or mix in with the migrants . Only when all passengers are questioned on shore do investigators have a chance to identify the smugglers , Segreto said . ` Multimillion-dollar business ' Frontex spokeswoman Ewa Moncure drew a parallel between what happened on the Ezadeen and on the Blue Sky M , a freighter that was also apparently abandoned this week by its crew with almost 800 people aboard , most believed to be migrants from war-torn Syria . It docked safely in the southern port of Gallipoli on Wednesday after the Italian coast guard seized control . In each case , human traffickers appear to have employed the same method of using large , decommissioned cargo ships that have been "  brought back from the dead , " Moncure said . It 's a "  multimillion-dollar business " for those operating such ships , she said . Moncure estimates that each passenger paid $ 3,000 to travel on the Ezadeen . While their work is focused on border control , Frontex vessels -- provided by EU member states -- are obliged to help in search-and-rescue situations , Moncure said . With ever-increasing numbers of migrants from such countries as Syria and Eritrea putting their lives in the hands of unscrupulous traffickers , their efforts are sorely needed . Faced with a crisis off its shores , Italy launched Operation Mare Nostrum  "  Our Sea "  to try to find and rescue stranded migrants . It has now scaled back the project , which cost Italians 9 million euros  $ 10.9 million  a month from November 2013 to the end of 2014 . In October , the European Union announced that Frontex would launch its own operation , dubbed Triton , in the central Mediterranean to help fill the gap . EU Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom , said the new Frontex operation would "  show concrete solidarity to Italy , by reinforcing its border surveillance and supporting its humanitarian efforts . " But , she said , "  It is clear that the Triton operation can not and will not replace Mare Nostrum . " Ships equipped with cells , quarantine areas While Operation Mare Nostrum is over in name , Italian naval assets are still carrying out rescues in cooperation with Frontex vessels , which call them in to help . The San Giorgio , a navy ship that was converted to rescue migrants under Mare Nostrum and which was the primary rescue vehicle , is still active in such missions and was used last week to rescue those on board the burning Greek ferry , Norman Atlantic . It is equipped with an infirmary , jail cells for smugglers , quarantine sections for potential Ebola patients , and sleeping quarters for the migrants . CNN went out last month on a Frontex patrol on the San Mino , a Japanese fishing vessel converted into a Spanish coast guard ship . Jose Maria Duenas , commander of the San Mino , said that the crew do see themselves as search and rescue . "  We are not turning migrants back , we are rescuing them , " he said . Report : 40,000 migrant deaths since 2000 Dangerous sea routes Amid continued migrant deaths at sea , rights group Amnesty International warned last month that Triton was "  vastly reduced in scale and area covered " compared with Mare Nostrum and called on EU nations to step up their efforts . "  People are still taking these dangerous sea routes to get to Europe . If the EU is serious about preventing the Mediterranean from becoming a cemetery , it must be prepared to deploy search-and-rescue operations all along the routes that desperate refugees and migrants are taking , " said John Dalhuisen , Amnesty International 's director for Europe and Central Asia . A spokeswoman for the EU Commission said Friday that it was closely following the Ezadeen situation . "  The rescues of the Blue Sky M two days ago and of the Ezadeen show that smugglers are finding new ways to enter EU territory , " she said . "  To prevent such events and to protect the lives of migrants , fighting smuggling will continue to be a priority under the Commission 's agenda for comprehensive migration in 2015 . " More than 207,000 people crossed the Mediterranean for Europe illegally in 2014 , the High Commissioner for Refugees , the U.N. refugee agency , said last month -- almost three times the previous high of about 70,000 in 2011 . That 's 60 % of roughly 348,000 boat migrants worldwide last year . "  Europe , facing conflicts to its south  Libya  , east  Ukraine  and south-east  Syria/Iraq  is seeing the largest number of sea arrivals , " the UNHCR said . More than 3,400 of those seeking to reach Europe last year died , many of them drowning after being trafficked in unseaworthy vessels from the shores of the Middle East and North Africa across the Mediterranean . Journalists Barbie Latza Nadeau and Livia Borghese reported from Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Sweelin Ong and Sara Delgrossi contributed to this report .	About 360 migrants were found on the crewless ship , the harbormaster says Ships are being "  brought back from the dead " to carry migrants , official says An Icelandic coast guard vessel is towed the crewless , stranded Ezadeen to shore
CNN  Ashley McIntyre had no idea who Danny Robinson was when she heard he was searching for a kidney . He was the same age as her and had already been through so much . Diagnosed at age 16 with IgA nephropathy , an inflammatory kidney disease , Danny had been in kidney failure since 2012 , the same year he lost his father to brain cancer . The Louisville , Kentucky , electrician was working full time and undergoing four-hour stints of dialysis three nights a week to stay alive while he waited for a transplant . On January 16 , 2014 , Ashley overheard her mother telling her grandmother about Danny . The young man and his mother had just been on a Louisville radio talk show sharing their story . None of his family members had been eligible to donate their kidneys , and the anonymous donors who volunteered were n't compatible . Ashley immediately felt compassion for this soft-spoken stranger . The next day was her 25th birthday . She got a hold of Danny 's mom through the radio host and said she could n't think of anything she 'd rather do for her birthday than give someone the gift of life . Woman to become living donor for a man she had never met Before she had heard Danny 's story , she was always signed up to donate her organs after her death , but she had never considered being a living organ donor . Danny had Type O blood , meaning he could only be matched with a Type O donor . She knew she had the right blood type . She would need to undergo a series of other blood tests , physical and psychological exams to see if she was eligible to give Danny a kidney . Ashley and Danny were deemed a perfect match for the transplant . What are the odds that they would fall in love ? "  Never in a million years did I think it would be a perfect match all the way around and end up like this , " Ashley said . Danny 's mom , Denise Stutzenberger , says even before she met Ashley , she was convinced her son would end up marrying her . "  I told her , ` You are going to be my daughter-in-law , you just do n't know it yet , ' " she said . "  I do n't know how to explain it . Something in me told me . " More than 100,000 Americans need a kidney , and fewer than 17,000 people receive one each year , according to the National Kidney Foundation . Less than 6,000 of those come from living donors -- and fewer than 200 living donors are like Ashley , with no connection or relation to the person in need . Ashley did n't want to meet Danny or his family until she found out it was a go . "  She was so scared that she was going to let us down . All I wanted to do was hug her . She was our angel , " Danny 's mom said . The two families grew close in the months leading up to the transplant on April 17 at the University of Kentucky Albert B. Chandler Hospital in Lexington . The night before their surgeries , Danny gave Ashley a musical jewelry box inscribed with the words , "  Ashley , you 're an angel ... Danny . " It played "  I 'll Be There " by the Jackson Five . Memorial Day weekend , with the transplant behind them , the couple sensed they had a deeper connection but proceeded cautiously . "  We both agreed we did not want to mess up the relationship between us or our families , because by that time we were connected for life , " she said . On June 5 , Danny asked Ashley to be his girlfriend . They 've been inseparable ever since and are expecting a girl , Berkli , in June . Danny proposed on Christmas . Ashley does most of the talking ; she 's the one who gives you a sense of their love . Danny is n't really one to talk about his feelings . "  I guess you can say we just fell in love , " he said . "  I told her I wanted to be with her forever . " Danny will take anti-rejection medication for the rest of his life , but he said he 's healthy now . Ashley 's kidney wo n't last forever , however . Whenever it fails , in an estimated 20 to 30 years , "  I will be doing whatever I can to help him get a new one , " she said . "  I wish I had 50 kidneys to give him . " Ashley says it 's been a whirlwind romance . "  I feel like my feet have n't touched the ground , " she said . "  It 's just been an incredible , unexpected , serendipitous journey . "	CNN invited readers to share their stories of true love Ashley McIntyre volunteered to give her kidney to Danny Robinson , a man she had never met Go to CNN.com / soulmatestories to see more and add your own
InStyle  -- Chanteuse Whitney Houston is back and she is better than ever ! The one-of-a-kind star is happy , healthy and ready for what 's next . The singer spoke with InStyle magazine and shared her comeback secrets in the magazine 's January 's issue . The 46-year-old sex symbol even gave some tips on how to be alluring . "  Sexy can be sexual without having to expose a lot of yourself , " she said . "  Your body can express a lot without your having to take off a lot . I try to splash it in there a little bit , just by body movement . " The stylish singer said for her , less is more . "  A smile , a little glance , the way you lean back says sexy without being too open or offending anyone , " Houston revealed . "  Because once they 've seen it all , they go , ` Man , I 'm bored with that , ' instead of ` Hmm , what 's she going to do now ? ' " Check out more of Houston 's exclusive interview in the January issue on newsstands December 18th . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Whitney Houston spoke with InStyle magazine about her comeback Singer gave tips on how to be sexy and alluring without having to expose much Houston said her strategy is less is more when it comes to sex appeal
CNN  -- Sudan qualified for the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations after beating Burkina Faso 2-1 at the Estadio de Bata on Monday , ending a four-decade wait for victory at the tournament . Two goals in either half from Mudather Eltaib was enough to secure second place in Group B ahead of Angola , who lost 2-0 to Ivory Coast at the Estadio de Malabo . Eltaib gave Sudan the lead in the 33rd minute when he sidefooted past keeper Daouda Diakite . It stayed that way until the 80th minute when Eltaib found the target again , capitalizing on a mistake by Diakite before firing home into an empty net . Burkina Faso skipper Moumouni Dagano managed a consolation goal moments before the end , but it could n't stop Sudan recording a first win in the competition for 42 years to set up a meeting with Group A winners Zambia on February 4 . Etuhu : Expect more shocks at the Africa Cup of Nations Ivory Coast were assured of a place in the final eight of the competition before Monday 's matches , while their opponents Angola needed a point to progress . Despite fielding an under-strength side -- stars Didier Drogba , Yaya Toure , Salomon Kalou all started on the bench -- The Elephants ran out comfortable winners . Goals from Emmanuel Eboue in the 33rd minute and a Wilfried Bony strike midway through the second half ensured maximum points from the group and confirmed a meeting with co-hosts Equatorial Guinea at the same stadium next Saturday .	Sudan progress to quarterfinals after beating Burkina Faso 2-1 in final Group B match Angola are out after losing 2-0 to Ivory Coast in Malabo Sudan 's first win in competition in over four decades sets up tie with Zambia Ivory Coast meet co-hosts Equatorial Guinea in quarterfinals
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The latest 3-D animated movie involves the possible extinction of the human race and features a mad scientist with the head of a cockroach , a prehistoric half-ape/half-fish , a 50-foot-tall woman  OK , 49-foot-11  , and a blue brainless blob named B.O.B. . The Missing Link , Ginormica , the blue blob B.O.B. and Insectosaurus dominate "  Monsters vs. Aliens . " And they 're the good guys . Reese Witherspoon leads the cast of "  Monsters vs. Aliens , " providing the voice of Susan , who is hit by a glowing meteorite on her wedding day . Before long she 's grown into the biggest thing around . The short-statured Oscar winner relished the chance to play not only a giant , but also a role model . "  I was walking with my son and my daughter the other day , and I was like ` Who 's your favorite superhero ? ' " Witherspoon said . "  And my son was like ... ` Batman , Superman , Spiderman , ' and he could name 20 guy superheroes . "  And so I said to my daughter , ` Who 's your favorite superhero ? ' And she goes ' I do n't know , the girl in the back of the Justice League ? I ca n't remember her name . ' " So the idea of showcasing a female superhero , Witherspoon said , has the actress "  really excited . " Kiefer Sutherland , who plays General W.R. Monger , sees the film as helping kids embrace their diversity . "  I love the idea that they were gon na make a film that was going to tell young people that it 's all right to be different , " Sutherland said . His military veteran character captures Susan , renames her "  Ginormica , " and locks her up with the other "  monsters " he 's collected over half a century . "  And not only is it all right to be different , that one thing that may make you feel awkward about being different might be your greatest asset . " Those assets become apparent when an alien invader  voiced by Rainn Wilson of "  The Office "  decides he wants Earth , and the monsters -- Ginormica , Dr. Cockroach  "  House " star Hugh Laurie  , The Missing Link  Will Arnett  , and the gelatinous B.O.B.  Seth Rogen  -- are called upon to save the planet . The film , which also features the voices of Stephen Colbert and Paul Rudd , opens Friday . Most of the cast had previous experience in animation voiceover -- last year , Rogen was featured in "  Kung Fu Panda , " and he and Arnett were heard in "  Horton Hears A Who ! " -- but it was the first time for Wilson . "  They called me and they said ` They 're interested in you for this , playing an evil alien warlord , ' and I was like ` Where do I sign ? ' " he said with a chuckle . It was a welcome change of pace for Sutherland , who recorded his voice tracks for "  Monsters " while he was filming the uber-intense "  24 . " "  So , for five days a week I 'm very serious in the ' 24 ' world , and then for five hours on the weekend I got to be 5 years old and just play a cartoon character " -- a character he says he saw as a combination of R. Lee Ermey 's intense gunnery sergeant in "  Full Metal Jacket " and that ` toon terror , Yosemite Sam . "  We combined these voices and the producers laughed , which is generally a pretty good sign , " Sutherland said . Sutherland may have been inspired by the classics , but the 3-D aspect of "  Monsters " is as modern as movie technology gets . Under the command of DreamWorks Animation chief Jeffrey Katzenberg  whom Witherspoon and Sutherland respectfully called "  Mr. Katzenberg "  , the film was conceived from the beginning as a 3-D project . One early scene uses the process to bounce a paddleball out at the audience , but for the most part , the effect is used immersively , to bring viewers into the "  Monsters " world . "  You really feel like you 're there , like you 're a part of this thing , " said Arnett , "  not in a way that 's gratuitous and to just sort of show off , but really so that the viewer can be an active participant in the movie . " While film technology continues to advance , some things never change . As Susan is still trying to get used to her new size and powers , she finds herself simultaneously battling an alien robot and trying to save dozens of people trapped in their cars on the Golden Gate Bridge while her male cohorts mostly just stand around . One tries to encourage her by calling "  You 're doing it ! " to which Susan snaps back , "  I 'm doing everything ! " "  The quintessential cry ! " Witherspoon said . "  The female war cry ! That 's one of my favorite lines . " iReport.com : Does 3-D make you more likely to see a movie ? Of course , it 's hardly a spoiler to reveal that -- eventually -- Susan not only bonds with the rest of her motley crew , but also gains the self-confidence to see the positives in her accidental enormousness . As Wilson , the film 's villain , noted , "  It 's a coming-of-age tale -- for the monster inside of each one of us . " And , perhaps , it will give some little girls a superhero to look up to .	"  Monsters vs. Aliens " is about motley group of misfits who team up to defeat alien Monsters are led by almost 50-foot woman , voiced by Reese Witherspoon Witherspoon says she hopes character can be role model for girls Other actors lending talents : Seth Rogen , Kiefer Sutherland , Will Arnett
CNN  -- Take a handful of screen goddesses and a clutch of matinee idols , put them together and one thing 's sure to happen . Nobody does love like they do in the movies : this month on the Screening Room , we 've picked our favorite silver-screen romantic moments . No contest : Bogie and Bergman in undoubtedly the silver screen 's top romantic movie moment From rom-coms to heartbreak , these are the scenes that skip the schmaltz to make us believe that sometimes , Cupid really does get it right . And , just for balance , we 've also picked those moments that made us cringe -- or long for a sick-bucket ... Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Post your comments to the Screening Room blog and we 'll publish the best . Read other CNN viewers ' favorite romantic movie moments , and tell us yours >> 1 . Casablanca  Michael Curtiz , 1942  Yep , it 's a no-brainer . In a world full of slushy , happily-ever-after rom-coms , Bogie and Bergman find true romance in heartache , sacrificing their romance for the greater good . Bogie 's "  hill of beans " speech still gets us every time . Oh , the tragedy ! Still , they 'll always have Paris ... 2 . City Lights  Charles Chaplin , 1931  Truly , madly sweetly : Blind flower-girl Virginia Cherrill recognizes Chaplin 's tramp when she presses a coin into his hand . Deeply moved , as the scale of his sacrifice dawns on her , she wells up -- as did we ; his expression shifts from shame to tentative delight . The most touching film moment of all time ? 3 . Roman Holiday  William Wyler , 1953  Audrey Hepburn 's princess falls for Gregory Peck 's noble hack  surely that 's an oxymoron !  -- but while the ending is bittersweet , it 's the playful scene at the Mouth of Truth , with its pitch-perfect comic timing , that captured our hearts . 4 . From Here to Eternity  Fred Zinnemann , 1953  "  Nobody ever kissed me the way you do . " Army sergeant Burt Lancaster and troubled wife Deborah Kerr find refuge in their torrid , adulterous affair ; the heat between them is tangible . With the tumultuous waves crashing over the embracing couple , Zinnemann creates one of old Hollywood 's most iconic images . 5 . Amélie  Jean-Pierre Jeunet , 2001  A sheer moment of joy , as Amélie  Audrey Tautou  zooms through Paris on the back of Nino 's  Mathieu Kassovitz  bicycle . The laughing couple freewheel down the cobbled streets past Sacré Coeur , filled with the delirious exuberance of new love . Ah , c'est l'amour . 6 . Annie Hall  Woody Allen , 1977  The highlight of Woody Allen 's confessional masterpiece is Annie 's  Diane Keaton  first meeting with Alvy  Allen  at the tennis club where we 're blown away by her vitality , ebullient charm and fresh contrast with Allen 's wound-up , navel-gazing New Yorker . La-di-da , la-di-da , la la ! 7 . La Dolce Vita  Federico Fellini , 1960  Fellini 's beautifully choreographed tableau in the Trevi Fountain sees young journalist Marcello  Marcello Mastroianni  rendered helpless as buxom screen goddess Sylvia  Anita Eckberg  draws him into her spell . A paean to those fleeting moments between sunset and dawn when reality slips away to reveal something altogether more magical . Talking of which ... 8 . Before Sunrise  Richard Linklater , 1995  They 've no time for mix-tapes , so Celine  Julie Delpy  and Jesse  Ethan Hawke  head to a record store 's music booth to acid-test their compatibility . In its confined space , they nervously avoid each other 's eyes , so painfully aware of each other 's physical presence . A moment that evokes strong memories of those sweet first-love connections . 9 . Lost in Translation  Sofia Coppola , 2003  Bob  Bill Murray  , a movie star well past his sell-by date , and Charlotte  Scarlett Johansson  , a neglected newlywed , are two lost souls who are cast adrift , and come together , in Tokyo . Their parting moment , when Bob whispers his secret farewell to Charlotte , is all the more romantic for its mystery . 10 . When Harry Met Sally  Rob Reiner , 1989  Forget the orgasm scene in Katz 's Deli . Forget the strolls in scenic Central Park . After ninety minutes of vacillating , Harry and Sally have one final bout of verbal sparring before they finally get it together for good . Now that 's what we call New Year fireworks . ... . And our most cringe-worthy moments ... Four Weddings and a Funeral  Mike Newell , 1994  Out of the frying pan , into the fire : Hugh Grant escapes Bridezilla to pour his heart out to Andie MacDowell , who utters her painfully corn-dog response : "  Is it still raining ? I had n't noticed . " You could have had Kristin Scott Thomas , you dolt ! Howard the Duck  Willard Huyck , 1986  Please , no ! Down in B-movie hell , we hid our eyes and winced as lovely Lea Thompson attempted to seduce a rather startled duck-shaped alien . There should be laws against that sort of thing . Wait a minute , there ARE laws against that sort of thing ! The English Patient  Anthony Mingella , 1996  "  I 've watched you - on verandahs , at garden parties , at the races ... " Ralph Fiennes turns stalker in Mingella 's improbable mush-fest . And do n't even start us on the bit where he runs across the desert . As Seinfeld 's Elaine says , "  Quit telling your stupid story about the stupid desert and just die already ! Die ! " Titanic  James Cameron , 1997  Timeless romance ? We think not . As Leo slips away , Kate Winslet 's star-crossed lover cries , "  I 'll never let go , Jack . I promise . " And then does -- scurrying as quickly as her hands will paddle her to the safety of a lifeboat , a warm blanket and a nice cup of tea . Ah , the relief . Star Wars : Episode II -- Attack of the Clones  George Lucas , 2002  "  I 've been dying a little bit each day since you came back into my life . " Any scene featuring Hayden Christensen 's moody teen has us wincing , but he 's most awkwardly shown up against Natalie Portman , who struggles nobly through Lucas ' plodding love-lines . Georgie , please , leave out the romance . We 're begging you . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Sound off and read others ' thoughts in the Screening Room blog . E-mail to a friend	Films full of romance include "  Roman Holiday , " "  City Lights , " "  Amélie " Bogart and Bergman 's "  Casablanca " farewell tops the list List by no means complete ; send us yours
CNN  -- A deadly 2009 "  sweat lodge " retreat in Arizona left participants so sickened that the scene resembled "  a battleground " with people vomiting , foaming at the mouth and with their eyes nearly popping out , according to one survivor who testified Thursday . "  I saw people agonizing , " said Lou Caci , a participant from Winnipeg , Manitoba . "  It looked like a battle ground . People are just laying there . " Caci , who earlier testified he fell at one point and badly burned his arm on the heated rocks , continued his testimony Thursday in the trial of self-help guru James Arthur Ray . Ray is accused of manslaughter in the deaths of three persons at his October 2009 "  Spiritual Warrior " retreat in the desert . Killed were Kirby Brown , 38 , of Westtown , New York ; James Shore , 40 , of Milwaukee , Wisconsin ; and volunteer Lizbeth Marie Neuman , 49 , of Prior Lake , Minnesota . At least 15 others who took part in the sweat lodge ceremony became ill , but more than 40 others were uninjured , and defense lawyers have argued that the deaths were accidental . James Ray 's attorneys have also argued that exposure to an unknown toxin , perhaps a pesticide , could have caused the fatalities . The event participants paid up to $ 10,000 to seek "  new areas of consciousness , " according to this week 's testimony . The lodge -- made of willow trees and branches , and covered with tarpaulins and blankets -- was heated to perilously high temperatures , causing the participants to suffer dehydration and heatstroke . The sweat lodge ceremony consisted of eight rounds , with each round lasting 10 to 15 minutes . While they were not prevented from leaving , participants have said they were encouraged to wait until the breaks between rounds . Under questioning by the prosecution , Caci recounted how he re-entered the sweat lodge and came across one participant , Neuman . She was among those who died . "  Seeing the way Liz was I knew there was something terribly wrong . I was a bit apprehensive about being back in there just because of the pain I had in my arm . We finished the last ceremony and I was more focused on staying awake , " Caci told the court . "  She was a heavy-set woman and I could n't quite get her out . So a fellow named Randy helped me , " Caci said . "  I was lifting her little by little . She was heavy . Randy was helping me . We would go , ` One , two , three ' -- and we would lift . I think her face dragged on the ground a little bit , but we helped her out . "	Self-help guru James Arthur Ray is on trial for manslaughter of three persons They died participating in a "  sweat lodge " retreat in the Arizona desert One participant says he saw people vomiting and foaming at the mouth
CNN  -- When it comes to leadership and personal responsibility , President Barack Obama has made his stance very clear : "  The buck stops with me . " It 's a phrase he 's echoed countless times in the past . But now , he 's dealing with an accountability double-whammy -- fallout from the botched Obamacare website and global fury over the wiretapping of some allied leaders ' conversations . So what all did the President know , and when did he find out ? Depends on who you ask . Some U.S. officials have said that Obama did n't know about problems with the health care enrollment site before it launched and that he only recently learned about a National Security Agency operation that wiretapped German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's phone for a decade . "  It is my understanding that President Obama was not aware Chancellor Merkel 's communications were being collected since 2002 , " Senate Intelligence Committee Chairwoman Dianne Feinstein said . "  That is a big problem . " But other officials said Obama -- or at least his White House staff -- did know about it . Questions about what the President knew and when he knew it have important implications , analysts say . If Obama was aware , that could mean he is n't being clear with the American public now . And if he was n't aware , that could mean his own staff kept him in the dark . "  There 's really no good answer , " said Republican strategist Kevin Madden . "  If he knew , essentially we 're being misled by different people in the administration about the extent of the President 's knowledge . If he did n't know , it 's an abdication of even the most basic responsibilities of the command and control over very important parts of his administration , and that becomes a problem . " White House : Do n't tie issues together In an exclusive interview with CNN last week , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said the President did n't know of problems with the Affordable Care Act 's website until after its fumbled launch on Oct. 1 -- even though insurance companies had been complaining and the site crashed during a pre-launch test run . White House spokesman Jay Carney declined to detail what Obama knew and when . On Monday , he said tying topics like problems with the Obamacare website and reports about NSA spying is "  conflating a bunch of very disparate issues . " Carney said he would n't "  get into individual reports about specific programs , " and would provide more details once a White House review of U.S. surveillance is complete . Feinstein said the White House has told her that data collection on U.S. allies will stop . But a senior administration official said Feinstein 's statement was not completely accurate . The official said some changes have been made , but they are not across-the-board changes in policy like terminating intelligence collection aimed at allies . Germany 's not the only country seething over the reports of U.S. spying . Spain has summoned U.S. Ambssador James Costos to discuss an El Pais newspaper report that quoted unnamed sources as saying the NSA spied on Spanish officials and politicians . Much of the focus is on expanded surveillance under the Patriot Act passed in the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Many of the secrets spilling out about the NSA 's surveillance program came from leaks by former agency contractor Edward Snowden , who was granted temporary political asylum in Russia . Experts : Not every detail disclosed It 's plausible that Obama would n't know about specific surveillance targets , said CNN National Security Analyst Fran Townsend , a member of the CIA external advisory board . She said overall intelligence collection priorities are well-known by the White House . "  Specific targets , however ,  like  Angela Merkel 's cell phone , are not the sort of thing discussed with the President of the United States . " No one should expect the President to know everything the NSA is doing , said Julian Zelizer , a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University . "  But when you 're talking about the surveillance of world leaders , and an issue that 's been controversial for a while now , you would expect that there 's some knowledge either by the President or people surrounding him . ... I do think there 's surprise that this was off the radar in the inner circles of the White House . " Time for change ? Republican Rep. Peter King , a key member of the Homeland Security Committee , said if the surveillance happened without the President 's knowledge , it has larger implications . "  I would say if the President did not know , that raises very serious questions about what he 's doing as chief executive . The fact he would be going into negotiations and discussions and meetings with Angela Merkel or French leaders -- or any leaders for that matter -- and not be aware that there was surveillance going on of the private phone calls , to me either something is definitely wrong in his administration or he just has a totally hands-off attitude . To me , this is unacceptable . " Ross Douthat , a CNN political commentator and a columnist for The New York Times , wondered whether some officials would lose their jobs if the President really was n't informed . "  The question becomes , why do the people who failed to keep him in the loop still have their jobs ? " he asked . No matter what Obama knew , or when , some say it 's time for a new approach . "  He has often said that he did n't know what was going on with the  HealthCare.gov  website . ... He ca n't pretend he does n't know and walk away from problems anymore , because he has been caught too many times out of the loop , " said A.B. Stoddard , associate editor of The Hill . "  He ca n't do his job that way . " CNN 's Tom Cohen , Jake Tapper , Jim Sciutto , Elise Labott , Brooke Baldwin and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	Senate Intelligence Committee chair : Obama should have been told of some spying Officials say Obama did n't know details of the HealthCare.gov website glitches and U.S. spy programs Republican strategist : "  There 's really no good answer " Analyst : "  Why do the people who failed to keep him in the loop still have their jobs ? "
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN/In Session  -- She earned $ 1 million a year as a high-powered financial executive , yet she told a jury she woke up hungry in a cold house because her husband controlled everything . Sandra Boss testifies about the 12 years she spent with a man she thought was one of the Rockefellers . She said it took years to leave the man who told her he was a member of the moneyed Rockefeller clan because she did n't know the online passwords to their bank accounts . Being the breadwinner offered her no status in her marriage , Sandra Lynn Boss , 42 , testified Tuesday at her former husband 's kidnapping trial . "  You mistakenly confuse money and power . Money and power are not the same thing in a relationship , " she explained under cross-examination by her former husband 's defense attorney , Jeffrey Denner , who at times seemed stunned by her answers . The lawyer asked Boss why she did n't assert herself given that she was a "  dynamic , intelligent woman " who financially supported the family . She responded , "  I did assert myself but the abuse was pretty rough . There was a lot of anger and yelling . " Watch how she felt powerless to leave " She said she believed the fanciful stories her husband wove around his image as Clark Rockefeller and never saw any sign of mental illness . Denner asked how a successful businesswoman who was educated at Stanford and Harvard universities could fall for an impostor who called himself Clark Rockefeller . "  There 's a big difference between intellectual intelligence and emotional intelligence , " Boss explained . "  I 'm not saying I made a very good choice of a husband . It 's obvious I had a pretty big blind spot . " Rockefeller , whose real name is Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter , is accused of kidnapping their daughter , Reigh , for six days in July and taking the child to Baltimore , Maryland , where he 'd bought a townhouse near the harbor . His trial began last week in Boston , Massachusetts . In her second day on the stand , Boss described the decline of a 12-year marriage that began with a whirlwind summer romance before her second year at Harvard business school . By the time her marriage ended , she said , "  My personal life was scary . " She repeatedly referred to her 48-year-old ex-husband as "  the defendant . " Defense attorney Denner referred to his client as "  Clark " during questioning . Boss , who now lives in London , England , with Reigh , 8 , publicly told her story for the first time on the witness stand . She has been excoriated in the media . One New York writer called her a "  ding-bat doormat " who married a "  Crockefeller . " It 's more complicated than that , Boss explained under cross-examination . "  He told compelling stories . It seems stupid in hindsight , and it really was , but that is how it was . ... I lived with a person who told me a set of internally consistent things . " And so , she never questioned why he never seemed to make any money , possess a driver 's license , or bring any family around . She had no doubt he had a billion-dollar art collection , even if she was annoyed he would refuse to sell off a piece or two when money got tight . She was questioned at length about one particularly bizarre story he told . He said a fall down some stairs left him mute as a child -- until he saw a dog and spontaneously uttered "  woofness " at age 10 . She did acknowledge on the stand that she considered "  woofness " to be a "  stupid word . " And , she said she did n't question him when he told her that asking people to pay him for work he did was beneath the dignity of a Rockefeller . She initiated divorce proceedings after hiring a private investigator in 2006 , who determined that her husband definitely was not who he said he was . He agreed to part , surrendering custody of their daughter for $ 800,000 , two cars , her engagement ring and a dress he had given her . On July 27 , during an agreed-upon custodial visit , he allegedly abducted Reigh . "  I was completely traumatized , " Boss said . "  I was hysterical . " Denner questioned Boss at length about his client 's mental state during their marriage . She said he told her in 1999 that he thought he was having a nervous breakdown folowing the Asian market collapse . They moved from New York as a result . But , despite the defense attorney 's prodding , Boss would not characterize her former husband as delusional . "  The defendant was often very unpleasant -- lack of empathy , anger , control issues , absolutely . I 'm not a psychologist , but he was hard to live with ... I saw behavior that made me think that he was n't at all well , yes , " she testified . Again , Denner suggested that her situation did not make sense , pointing out , "  You are a consultant with one of the most prestigious companies . " Boss replied : "  I come from a place where you do n't even jaywalk . It never occurred to me that I was living with someone who was lying to me . " She added , "  He was lying to a lot of people . " She was followed to the stand by FBI experts and another former wife . The defense case could begin Wednesday .	Ex-wife says she had trouble leaving Rockefeller impostor Sandra Boss says he was controlling , abusive She says she did n't consider him mentally ill Impostor is accused of kidnapping his daughter in July
Los Angeles  CNN  -- TLC , the superstar girl group of the 1990s , is officially back with new music , a movie about them and plans to tour . "  We had a great run , " said Rozonda "  Chilli " Thomas . "  To be here two decades later and have another chance to do even more , I feel like the sky is the limit . " Chilli and Tionne "  T-Boz " Watkins had mounted other comebacks since Lisa "  Left Eye " Lopes died in a car crash in 2002 , but challenges -- including a brain tumor that blinded T-Boz for a time -- slowed them . "  This is our baby " When VH-1 premieres "  CrazySexyCool : The TLC Story " on October 21 , a new generation of potential fans will learn about the groundbreaking trio . Chilli and T-Boz were closely involved from start to finish in developing the script , casting and preparing the actors , Chilli said . "  This is our baby . " T-Boz brings reality to TV Actress-singer Keke Palmer plays Chilli , rapper Lil ' Mama portrays Left Eye and Drew Sidora is T-Boz . "  We basically took them under our wings and we shared a lot of stories with them , " Chilli said . "  We spent a lot of time with them , and they were very observant when it came to looking at how Tionne and I interact with each other , the chemistry that we naturally have . " "  We spent more time with Lil ' Mama , since Lisa was not here , " Chilli said . "  So we really had to spend more time with her . She looked at a lot of video footage . She did a lot of research . " The film includes sequences with Lil ' Mama that closely echo the VH-1 documentary "  Last Days of Left Eye . " "  We 're really proud with how she portrayed Lisa , and I know Lisa would be very happy and I know her family would be very happy as well , " Chilli said . Lil ' Mama may join TLC Lil ' Mama may be on stage singing Left Eye 's parts when TLC tours to promote a new album set for release next year , they said . "  For sure , we 're talking and thinking about it when we go on tour , " Chilli said . She performed with Chilli and T-Boz this summer several times , including at Drake 's OVO Festival in Toronto . The group is keeping details about next year 's album -- their first in a decade -- a secret , other than to say it will have a lot of featured artists , including Lady Gaga . "  We have some other surprises , " Chilli said . Fans can already hear a new TLC single -- "  Meant to Be " -- that they recorded with Ne-Yo . It was released this week as part of the soundtrack album for the movie . The ballad "  kind of sums up our 20-year span as a group , " Chilli said . "  It will definitely pull on your heartstrings , " said T-Boz . The rest of "  TLC 20 , " which is available Tuesday , is a compilation of their greatest hits , including "  Creep , " "  Waterfalls " and "  No Scrubs . "	VH-1 premieres "  CrazySexyCool : The TLC Story " October 21 Keke Palmer plays Chilli , Lil ' Mama portrays Left Eye and Drew Sidora is T-Boz Lil ' Mama may tour with TLC next year , Chilli says Film 's soundtrack "  TLC 20 " releases Tuesday with a ballad crafted by Ne-Yo
CNN  -- Sevilla moved into sixth in La Liga after beating ten-man Valencia 2-0 at the Estadio Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan in Spain . Goals from Alvaro Negredo and Alejandro Alfaro sealed victory for the hosts -- a task that was made much easier when Valencia midfielder Mehmet Topal was shown a straight red card . Sevilla 's fifth win of the season took them above Real Sociedad and into the European places on 17 points , nine behind leaders Real Madrid . Sevilla striker Luis Fabiano wasted two good early openings for the home side while at the other end Juan Manuel Mata forced Javi Varas into a smart save . But the game turned on 25 minutes when Mehmet Topal flew into a challenge on Martín Cáceres and got his marching orders . The ten men of Valencia held on until halftime despite almost constant Sevilla pressure , but the deadlock was finally broken on 54 minutes . Negredo found the bottom corner of the net with a left footed shot from a tight angle after a quick counter attack . Minutes after that Fabiano hit the bar before Negredo headed wide from inside the area . But it was 2-0 on 77 minutes when Alfaro headed home Mouhamadou Dabo 's cross from close range . There was still time for Diego Capel to hit the post with a fierce shot in stoppage time as Sevilla completed a comfortable win .	Sevilla beat Valencia 2-0 to go sixth in the Spanish Liga Alvaro Negredo and Alejandro Alfaro scored the goals for Sevilla Valencia 's Mehmet Topal was shown a straight red card on 24 minutes
OPRAH.com  -- "  I 'm thinking of throwing a little party , " I tell my pal Karen as I hold the phone with one hand and fold a mountain of laundry with the other . Two friends make Lisa Kogan promise not to flambé anything this time . "  No big thing , really , just a few old friends getting together for the holidays , " I persist over the dead silence on the other end of the receiver . "  Maybe you and Daniel , me and Johannes , and four or five other people who -- " "  Daniel and I ca n't make it , " she answers before I can finish . "  But I have n't given you the date . " "  Look , Lisa , you know I 've had health issues , " she counters nervously . I explain to Karen that the American Medical Association has yet to classify "  exceedingly dry cuticles " as the kind of condition that requires actual bed rest . "  Still ... " she mutters as her voice trails off . That night in bed , I turn to Johannes  love of my life , father of my child , official party co-host  . "  Darling , I was thinking it 's time we throw a little party , " I venture . "  That sounds great , sweetheart . " "  Really , pumpkin ? " "  Of course , angel . I do have one small request , though . " "  Anything , honey . " He lifts his head and hands me his pillow . "  Put this over my face and then hold it there until , oh , I do n't know ... let 's say , I stop moving . " There are lots of areas in which I excel . As I 've already mentioned , I can fold laundry with one hand . I 'm also quite capable of catching the cold of just about anybody living within my zip code . Oprah.com : How to face your inner perfectionist I have the kind of magnetism that wordlessly beckons a guy wearing half a cantaloupe on his head to come sit next to me during long subway rides . And , though I 'm hard-pressed to explain exactly how I do it , I possess an almost mystical ability to purchase appliances , furniture , and clothing approximately six minutes before the extremely pricey item goes on sale . The thing I ca n't do is host a genuinely wonderful party . I attempt to invite several other friends , but one has elected to schedule elective surgery for that date  you know you 're in trouble when a friend would rather have her hammertoes corrected than have dinner at your place  ; one claims our last brunch was like "  a hostage situation with lox " ; one -- and you know who you are -- pretends to be her own housekeeper , repeating , "  I sorry , no English " over and over ; and two different people choose not to attend but still make me swear that I wo n't flambé anything again ... like it 's my fault they could n't get their eyebrows to grow back after the crêpes Suzette incident of 2005 . I crawl into bed that night a broken woman . "  Why do I suck at parties ? " I ask Johannes . He narrows his eyes . "  Is this one of those trick questions like when you ask me if you need to lose weight and I say , ` Well , I suppose we could all stand to drop a pound or two , ' and you spend the next 36 hours likening me to Satan ? " I make a mental note to explore why I suck at relationships on some future night . "  No , " I insist , "  I really want to know what I 'm doing wrong . Give it to me straight , Doc , I can take it . " He smiles and puts his book aside . "  That 's just it ; the only thing you 're doing wrong is constantly striving to do everything exactly right . You want the prettiest cocktail , the freshest flowers , candles lit , music playing , dinner timed , conversation sparkling , and you drive yourself and everybody else nuts trying to achieve it . " Oprah.com : A lesson for the reluctant hostess I would like to be the kind of person who receives this information with an open mind and a grateful heart . But my first instinct is to take my boyfriend of 15 years up on his previous offer and smother him to death with his own orthopedically correct goose-down pillow . The problem is , I know he 's right . I am part geisha girl , part drill sergeant , with just a soupçon of control freak thrown in for good measure . I want everyone to relax and have a good time , but that has to start with me , and I 'm about as laid-back as a caged hummingbird guzzling a can of Red Bull while awaiting biopsy results . You can keep your meditation , your reflexology , your gin , your tonics -- I 'm just not the mellow type . I approach a petite Jewish woman from the Midwest to figure out when this started . "  Mom , have I always been a perfectionist ? " She attempts diplomacy . "  Well , let me put it this way -- you used to like to dress up in my clothes when you were maybe 3 or 4 years old . " "  What does that prove ? Lots of little girls play dress-up . " "  True , " she says , "  but you tried to bulldoze Grandma into tailoring the clothes to actually fit you . " "  Well , excuse me for realizing that a skirt should hit just above my knee . " We are quiet for a minute . "  So how do you throw a really fun party ? " She reminds me that they used to hire Magical Marv for my birthdays . I remind her that Magical Marv chain-smoked and seemed to hate children . "  Yes , that 's what your dad and I always liked best about him , " she deadpans . "  Anyway , the only thing I know about giving a party is that we can never get the extra leaf into the dining table and I usually forget to serve one of the side dishes . " This leads me to a new theory : "  Maybe bad parties are hereditary , like green eyes and diabetes , " I say to Johannes . "  Okay , that 's it , " he announces , grabbing the phone . Before I can lunge at him , he has dialed our neighbors Paul and Cheryl and invited them to come for dinner "  in about 15 minutes . " "  Are you insane ? " I shriek as I stuff everything littering the floor and coffee table under the sofa . "  This is grounds for divorce , " I bellow , only to be reminded that we never got married . "  That 's because I do n't know how to throw a wedding , " I hiss as I pull off my stained Sunday night yoga pants and rummage through the laundry bag for my slightly less stained Saturday afternoon yoga pants , marveling all the while at the fact that I do n't do yoga . Needless to say , Cheryl and Paul are four minutes early . "  Hey , guys , can I offer you ... " I do a quick scan of the refrigerator , "  a dollop of mayonnaise ? " I have hit rock bottom . Somewhere Martha Stewart hangs her head in shame . Johannes gives me a hug . There is no place to go but up . Our neighbors split a diet Snapple , we order in Thai food and proceed to talk and laugh and pass chicken satay for three straight hours . What can I say ? It is , to date , our most successful dinner party . By Lisa Kogan from "  O , The Oprah Magazine , " December 2008 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Columnist Lisa Kogan attempts to throw a holiday party Friends , boyfriend tell Kogan she is a terrible hostess and refuse to come Kogan realizes she is too much of a perfectionist to relax and have fun Kogan 's boyfriend invites couple over for spur of the moment dinner
CNN Student News  -- September 30 , 2011 Media Literacy Question of the Day What forms of media could be used to inform the public about a food-borne illness ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . What holiday , known as the Jewish New Year , started at sunset on Wednesday ? * * 2 . What month is National Bullying Prevention Month ? * * 3 . What bacteria is being blamed for contaminating cantaloupes from a Colorado farm ? * * 4 . What nation launched an unmanned space lab module on Thursday ? * * 5 . A college student was recently arrested for allegedly helping high school students cheat on what major exam ? * * 6 . Engineers , looking for cracks caused by a recent earthquake , rappelled down which U.S. national monument ? * * 7 . A shipwreck discovered off the coast of Ireland may contain around 200 tons of what precious metal ? * * 8 . This week , some U.S. political leaders held town hall meetings at major technology companies in what California region ? * * 9 . What is the name of Germany 's high-speed highway system ? * * 10 . What phenomenon , also known as the Northern Lights , is a colorful glow that occurs in the upper atmosphere ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- Andy Murray struggled in the Australian heat as he survived a scare against world number 199 John Millman at the Brisbane International Thursday . The U.S.Open champion , ranked third in the world , appeared to struggle with the humidity after racing through the first set 6-1 in just 30 minutes . Millman , 23 , was playing just his fifth match on the main ATP tour and shocked Murray by taking the second set 7-5 . And despite the Briton constantly clutching his stomach and legs , Millman was unable to repeat his heroics in the final set as Murray prevailed 6-3 . "  It 's incredibly humid here and I 've had a lot of travelling too , and there were so many long points of very high intensity , " Murray told reporters . "  It 's just taking a little while to adjust to playing matches again after such a long period . "  At the beginning of most years the first few matches can be tough on the body , but you get used to it and you feel better and better . "  That was the perfect first match for me in many ways , to go through some tough moments , a lot of long rallies and close games and important points , and to come through . " Injured Sharapova pulls out of Brisbane Elsewhere , Serena Williams set up a semifinal showdown with world number one Victoria Azarenka . Williams , the reigning Wimbledon , Olympic and U.S.Open champion , saw off 19-year-old Sloane Stevens 6-4 6-3 . Williams has won 11 of the 12 matches she has played against Azarenka and triumphed in all five games against the Belorussian in 2012 . But the 31-year-old played down her chances of winning the upcoming contest . She told reporters : "  I 'm going up against the best player in the world , " Williams said . "  She 's had a fabulous year . She won the Australian Open and has been the most consistent all year . "  I 've got nothing to lose . I can go out there and see where my game is at . " Wozniacki wilts in Brisbane Azarenka booked her place in the last four following a 6-1 6-0 win over Kazakhstan 's Ksenia Pervak . "  It 's a tough match , there is no question about it , " she said ahead of the Williams clash . "  I 'm looking forward to it . There is one more chance for us to meet  before Melbourne  and it 's going to be a great test for the Australian Open . "  I 'm not looking for easy matches . The tougher it is the more exciting for me it 's going to be , so I 'm quite happy with that . " Elsewhere , U.S. star John Isner faces a race against time to be fit for the Australian Open . The world number 14 withdrew from the Hopman Cup in Perth Thursday after suffering an injury to his right knee . Djokovic 's Australian Open preparations suffer hiccup Meanwhile , home favorite Bernard Tomic built on his shock win over world number one Novak Djokovic by defeating Andreas Seppi . The 20-year-old Australian eased to a 6-3 7-5 victory to bolster his confidence ahead of this month 's grand slam . "  It 's an amazing preparation before the Australian Open , " he told reporters . "  I have won three matches that are important for the summer of tennis in Melbourne . "  To beat Novak last night and then win again tonight was huge for me . " In the women 's section , 16-year-old Ashleigh Barty stunned former French Open champion Francesca Schiavone 6-0 6-3 . "  I do n't even know what happened out there , " Barty said . "  It was incredible . "	Andy Murray struggled with the humidity during his victory over world number 199 John Millman U.S.Open champion eventually prevailed in three sets at Brisbane International John Isner faces race against time to be fit for Australian Open following knee injury Serena Williams to face Victoria Azarenka in semifinals at Brisbane
Two of the off-season 's longest-running transfer sagas were finally concluded when French international Samir Nasri signed for Manchester City , while winger Juan Mata agreed to leave Valencia for Chelsea . Nasri -- who signed for Arsenal in 2008 from Olympique Marseille -- signed a four-year deal , making him City 's fourth big-money capture of the current transfer window following the arrivals of Gael Clichy , Sergio Aguero and Stefan Savic . "  I think he is a fantastic player because he has technique -LSB- and a good -RSB- mentality , " Manchester City coach Roberto Mancini told the club 's official web site . "  I know him from when he played for Marseille because I followed him when I was at Inter ... but in the last four years in the Premier League he improved a lot and now I think he 's a top player . " The move took place a few hours before an injury-hit Arsenal met Udinese in a crucial European Champions League second leg qualification match . The Gunners take a slender 1-0 lead to Italy . If Nasri had played he would have been ineligible to appear in Manchester City 's own Champions League campaign , potentially jeopardizing the move . "  It 's a big relief . It was a long , long negotiation , " Nasri said in an interview , also with the club 's official web site . "  Now I am City player which is what I wanted from the start . " "  I was a little frustrated , I told the -LSB- Arsenal -RSB- manager -LSB- Arsene Wenger -RSB- I wanted to leave ... Today is a big day for me . It is a new start . " In west London , Chelsea announced that they too had signed one of Europe 's most coveted wide players with the capture of Spanish international Juan Mata . The 23 year old -- who has already won 11 caps for the world champions -- trained with the squad and will be available for Saturday 's English Premier League match against Norwich City . "  Right from the first moment there have been good feelings all around me , " Mata told Chelsea 's official web site . "  Valencia was a big club anyway but I have left to join a bigger club and it is all about the opportunity to win trophies and I have that here . "	Manchester City has announced the signing of Samir Nasri from Arsenal It 's the fourth big-money signing to join City this transfer window Meanwhile Chelsea sign Spain winger Juan Mata from Valencia Mata likely to make EPL debut against Norwich City Saturday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Army is establishing a suicide prevention board to examine the mental health of its recruiters around the country after the fourth suicide in three years by Houston , Texas-based recruiters , according to Army officials . The Army Recruiting Command is examining recruiters all over the country for job-related and combat-related stress . The board will look at how to handle the high-stress climate facing recruiters who may be both under pressure from their job and victims of post-combat deployment stress , according to Douglas Smith , a spokesman from the U.S. Army Recruiting command . "  The United States Army Recruiting Command is deeply concerned by the instances of suicide within the Houston Recruiting Battalion , " said a statement released by the Recruiting Command . "  The board 's objective will be to prevent future suicides , increase suicide awareness , analyze trends and highlight additional tools and resources to combat suicide within the Recruiting Command . " The Army 's examination comes after a sergeant first class , a member of the Houston Recruiting Battalion and an Iraq combat veteran , killed himself at his home earlier this month . CNN has chosen not to name any of the recruiters . The sergeant 's was the second suicide within the ranks of the battalion within weeks , Army officials said . In August , a staff sergeant , a combat veteran in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , also killed himself . Another Houston recruiter killed himself in 2007 and a yet another in 2005 , Army records show . The Army Recruiting Command is sending a team -- including a chaplain and a psychologist -- to assist the Houston recruiters . The team was scheduled to show up in mid-September , but because of the severe hurricane damage the arrival was delayed until October , officials said . A chaplain from Army Recruiting Command in Fort Knox , Kentucky , was sent to be with the battalion shortly after the latest victim 's death , Smith said . He said recruiters receive annual suicide prevention training , and commanders have additional tools to help their soldiers cope . The members of the Houston battalion received their last training in December 2007 , according to an Army statement . The Army Recruiting Command is examining recruiters all over the country for both job-related and combat-related stress problems , but is giving special attention to the Houston battalion at the moment , according to Smith . "  We do not have any other circumstances with our recruiters around the country like we do with the Houston unit , " he said . The deaths of the two recruiters this year also caught the eye of U.S. Sen. John Cornyn from Texas . Cornyn wrote a letter to Army Secretary Pete Geren this month about the suicide rate in the battalion . "  Due to the recurring deployments that have proven necessary to sustain operations in the Middle East , it is likely that a large majority of our recruiters are also veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , " he wrote . "  Many of our military recruiters work in recruiting offices and facilities remote from the military installations at which their fellow soldiers serve . As such , many of them lack the same access to peer support networks and important services for dealing with stress , anxiety , PTSD and other conditions that may directly result from their prior combat service , " he said . A veteran 's advocacy group says Houston has one of the top recruiting operations in the United States but there is a good deal of stress in bringing in new recruits when the Army is stretched . "  The suicides in the Houston battalion are a very loud , very bright alarm that Army officials and politicians ca n't afford to ignore , " said Paul Sullivan , executive director of Veterans for Common Sense . While recruiting among all of the services has been on target for more than a year , the stress levels on recruiters to bring in new service members can be crushing with extended hours and , many times , six - or seven-day work weeks . Army officials said Cornyn was correct in saying one of the problems for recruiters is they work in locations often far from bases where they can get the mental health help that is readily available to other troops . With the United States at war for the past seven years , the vast majority of recruiters have combat experience , Smith said . The recruiter suicides come at a time when the total number of suicides in the Army 's ranks has been growing , Army officials said . Through August there had been 93 active duty suicides in the Army . Last year there were 115 active duty suicides , the highest for the Army since the Vietnam War , according to Army statistics .	Army will examine mental health of recruiters Recruiters under pressure from job and victims of post-combat deployment Texas sees four suicides in three years
The Frisky  -- One would think that becoming engaged would make a woman happy , right ? Well , if status updates on Facebook are any indication -- and at least two research scientists say they are -- that theory is all wrong . Cameron Marlow and D.J. Patil spend their days tracking trends on Facebook where the roughly 400 million users give them a totally unprecedented insight into human behavior . Together , they study what Facebook calls the "  Gross National Happiness Index , " an application "  that measures the positive and negative sentiments expressed in status posts , " and what they 've discovered is that becoming engaged makes women less happy than they were before getting engaged . The Frisky - Bad marriage may be a health risk "  Maybe this is the effect of having to plan a wedding , " Marlow told the San Francisco Chronicle in an article  "  Researchers Study Behavior in Social Networks "  that ran on May 12 . "  While the process of being engaged is stressful for women , once you 're married , then in general , you 're less negative than you were before . But if you 're a man , then something else changes , it increases the negativity . These fit the gender stereotypes so perfectly that it 's almost uncanny . " Facebook 's "  Gross National Happiness " prototype app As someone who has wasted too much time perusing a popular website that pokes fun at status updates from people who are happily -- often annoyingly so -- coupled up , I kind of have a hard time believing these findings . It 's all , "  Ooh , another lovely evening at home waiting for the pizza delivery and watching my husband clip his toenails ! " And : "  I 'm getting marrriiieeeeed , suckas ! " Whether these people are truly happy or just want people to think they are is open for debate , but I have a hard time believing they 're illustrating "  negative " tendencies . Then again , I deleted my Facebook account months ago , so maybe I 'm simply missing out on the "  woe is me " updates from the newly engaged and married . The Frisky : Kim Kardashian drowns her food in Windex Another finding the researchers have discovered is that "  being in an open relationship ` is uniformly bad , ' decreasing positive feelings by 15 percent compared with single people . " Interestingly , it 's women who are actually less negative about open relationships than their male counterparts . Who would have though that ? The Frisky : Bad breakup gave me more confidence On a different note , it 's a little creepy that people on Facebook -- all 400 million of you -- are unwitting participants in these research studies , is n't it ? As if there were n't already enough performance anxiety when writing one 's status update . Now you 've got to write about what you had for lunch and worry about what researchers think that says about your happiness level . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Study finds women not-so-happy after getting engagement ring Two researchers gathered data from Facebook status updates After wedding , women 's negativity lessens , men 's negativity increases
EW.com  -- Chris Pratt 's career is about to soar out of this world â $ " or , more accurately , out of this galaxy . EW has confirmed that the "  Parks and Recreation " funnyman will play the lead character in Marvel 's upcoming "  Guardians of the Galaxy , " a key part of Marvel 's Phase Two plan . Deadline first reported the news . EW.com : Marvel Studios goes micro and macro with Comic-Con revelations Pratt , who recently slimmed down  and bulked up  for his role in "  Zero Dark Thirty , " will play Star Lord , the half-human , half-alien leader of a bio-engineered team of space-traveling heroes . That team includes a green-skinned warrior , a gun-slinging raccoon , a female alien assassin and a fearsome tree-being . With director James Gunn , the man behind the shlocky masterpiece that is "  Slither , " and newly-crowned leading man Pratt , is there a chance that "  Guardians of the Galaxy " will be an outright superhero comedy ? EW.com : James Gunn confirms he 's directing ` Guardians of the Galaxy ' The source material certainly suggests that the film could work as a totally ridiculous adventure , but we 'll obviously have to wait and see what tone the filmmakers choose . See the original story at EW.com . Entertainment Weekly 's Anthony Breznican contributed to this report . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Chris Pratt will play the lead character in "  Guardians of the Galaxy " He 'll portray Star Lord , the half-human , half-alien leader of a team of space-traveling heroes With director James Gunn aboard , there 's a chance it could be an outright comedy
CNN  -- Heading into Wednesday , majorities of Americans in virtually every major poll predicted President Barack Obama would come out on top in this year 's presidential debates . Even majorities of Republicans and Romney supporters thought the GOP nominee was in for a rough night . But not all of them . At a time when most surrogates were competing in the traditional expectations-setting limbo contest that always precedes presidential debates , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie predicted that Mitt Romney , seasoned veteran of roughly 20 debates within the past year alone , would prevail . "  Wednesday night 's the restart of this campaign , " he told NBC . "  Come Thursday morning , the entire narrative of this race is going to change . " No matter how the narrative looks moving forward , there 's no question Romney claimed it in Denver on Wednesday night . 5 things we learned from the presidential debate He did n't just score wins on the margins , holding his own against the president ; he won big . Since the question of which candidate did better in a presidential debate was first asked by Gallup in 1984 , no candidate has ever scored more than 60 % on the question , until Wednesday night , when 67 % of the voters in CNN 's post-debate poll gave Romney the edge . It was a relatively placid debate with few direct confrontations , virtually no sustained attacks , and occasionally no attacks at all , on some of Romney 's most vulnerable areas . Voters finally tuning in to the race for the first time on Wednesday would leave without hearing most of the themes that have dominated the trail since the race began . Funniest tweets about the debate A lengthy discussion of entitlement spending , and a follow-up segment devoted to the role of government , rolled by without a single mention of Romney 's 47 % remarks . A discussion of high finance and companies that ship jobs overseas passed without a mention of Bain Capital , a topic that had dominated the Obama campaign 's messaging for months and seemed to have done Romney real damage in key swing states like Ohio . Romney spent weeks before the debate practicing , leaving nothing to chance , from his body language to every one-liner in his arsenal . And it showed : He did n't have to reach for answers or decide how to handle debate stage dynamics . His performance came across like the campaign equivalent of muscle memory . Connecting with the viewer : ` Romney was able to out Obama ' Obama 's answers were long and winding , featuring more than their fair share of provisos and to-be-sures , even a bit hesitant . Romney 's were direct , confident and black-and-white . As his team had hinted before the debate , he claimed the fact-checking mantle as his own , deflecting attention from a string of previously debunked statements by aiming the truth-stretching accusation at Obama , and masterfully working in a passing reference to the president 's lifestyle that seemed designed to reduce the advantage his own wealth had given his opponent : "  Mr. President , you 're entitled to your own house and your own airplane , but not your own facts . " That particular jab seemed to beg for a pointed response about privilege that never came . Not only did Romney put Obama on the defensive , at times , the president seemed to put himself there , raising and responding to conservative attacks that had n't yet been mentioned . The imbalance in the performances immediately showed up in polls after the debate ended : Romney , at least for the night , erased deficits and regained ground he 'd lost on key questions . By double-digit advantages , the registered voters in CNN 's poll said he came across as the better leader and better on the economy . Read a transcript of the debate On the likeability question -- where the president 's held the edge all year , generally by a double-digit advantage -- Romney closed the gap : 46 % said he was the more likeable candidate , to 45 % who said the same of Obama . Still there were some hints of strategies that might make re-appearances in future debates . With a more aggressive posture , Obama 's demands for policy details from Romney could draw blood . One of the biggest advantages Romney has on the president is the fact that Obama has four years of proposals to critique and a track record of both successes and failures . Romney has had no track record , no time in office , since well before the financial crisis began . And by releasing as few details as possible about most of his policy plans , he 's been able to make ambitious promises that far outstrip any achievement someone in office would be able to match in a real-world environment . A sustained push by the president could pose questions his plans are n't yet specific enough to answer . At crossroads of economic crisis , debate disappoints And the president 's comeback to Romney 's assurance to current Medicare patients that their own care would remain unaffected under his plan highlighted the glaring political weak spot : "  If you 're 54 or 55 , you might want to listen , 'cause this , this will affect you , " said Obama . But for the moment , Romney 's regained the momentum , re-energizing his base while the president faces the sort of second-guessing his opponent had been battling for the past month . The question is whether the flash polls are recording a flash in the pan , or whether , with roughly a month left in the race , the governor can translate his performance into the sort of healthy , sustained bounce that eluded him after the Republican convention . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks	No candidate has ever scored above 60 % on question of who won -- Romney scored 67 % Romney 's answers were direct , confident and black-and-white Obama 's performance was long and windy , even a bit hesitant Obama 's campaign now faces second-guessing that Romney 's was before Wednesday
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Want to boost your spending power ? Try giving your wallet a break by shopping at a dollar store . Americans have embraced the four leading chains -- Dollar General , Family Dollar , Dollar Tree and the 99 cents Only store -- in droves during the recession . This year , Dollar General 's sales were up almost 10 percent quarter-over-quarter , and they 're opening 450 new stores , according to The New York Times . Dollar Tree , meanwhile , planned to open 235 new stores this year . And Family Dollar 's early 2009 numbers pointed to sales being up 6.5 percent year-over-year . But despite the booming sales , Consumer Reports ' Money Adviser has taken a close look at this hot retail segment and found that not everything is a deal . Before I tell you what they say to stock up on and what to pass on , I want to clarify something . There are important distinctions to note among the chains . Dollar General and Family Dollar both price the majority of their items at $ 1 , but they also offer some merchandise at higher price points . Dollar Tree and the 99 cents Only chain are the only true dollar stores where everything is $ 1 , with no exceptions . So what did Consumer Reports find ? Cotton rounds , gift wrap , birthday candles , paper bags , composition notebooks , plastic cups , security envelopes , napkins , foam plates and tissue paper are among the best deals . Yet they advised against buying jewelry  too much lead content  , electrical products  possibly fake UL labels  , medication  expired products  and vitamins  probably not to be from reputable sellers  at any dollar stores . Now , I 've routinely bought medication like ibuprofen at dollar stores and have not found it to be past expiration date . Of course , some would argue that I can get a better deal on ibuprofen at a warehouse club . But unless you 're in constant pain , who can use all those 12 million pills in the bulk container before they expire ?! The research that Consumer Reports did reminded me of a similar report in Good Housekeeping several years ago . At that time , the women 's magazine compared four knockoff products from the dollar stores versus four brand name products purchased elsewhere . The products included generic glass cleaner , body lotion , dishwashing liquid and detergent . The brand name products were Windex , Lubriderm , Dawn and Tide , and they proved to better than their generic counterparts . For example , a teaspoon of Dawn washed 19 dishes , while a teaspoon of the dollar brand washed only six ! As for the detergent , the dollar brand failed to wash out a mustard stain that Tide did . So the message is , let the buyer beware at the dollar stores . Certainly , there are some deals to be had , but you 've got to be picky .	Recession has boosted spending at dollar stores Cotton rounds , gift wrap , birthday candles among the best deals Not all dollar stores are equal ; some have more expensive items Some knockoff products from dollar stores failed tests against brand names
