Helga Jonsdottir still remembers in vivid detail the day her island home was swallowed by a volcano as she and her family joined others fleeing the molten lava . "  As my boat left the harbor , the fissure opened up , and flames burst into the sky , " she recalls . "  The fissure extended into the ocean , and I could see red-hot lava beneath the water . " Jonsdottir was 18 in January 1973 when the Eldfell volcano exploded on Heimaey , a small island 151 kilometers  94 miles  from the Icelandic capital , Reykjavik . Her childhood home was among 400 buildings engulfed as 200 million tons of ash and lava rained down in the days following the eruption . Some of these structures have now emerged , perfectly preserved beneath the volcanic debris following an archaeological excavation begun six years ago . Worlds of fire The result is a captivating new museum , Eldheimar , meaning "  worlds of fire , " which opened its doors in May 2014 . At the museum , visitors can revisit 1973 , see a snapshot of life on Heimaey and also get insight into the devastation wreaked by the volcano . On the fateful night , the island 's 5,300 residents were alerted to the eruption by the honking of fire engine horns . When they stepped outside their houses , they saw bright red lava exploding from Eldfell and a wall of fire spurting from a fissure snaking across the island . Only one person died as a result of the eruption . The vast majority of the islanders were evacuated that night , not returning until months later . Many of those living on the eastern side came back to find their houses engulfed by lava , while other properties had been completely flattened or buried under mountains of ash . A few islanders stayed away , but the majority rebuilt their houses closer to Vestmannaeyjar , the 13-square-kilometer  five square miles  island 's only town . Time stands still When archaeologists began to excavate the houses nearest to the volcano in 2006 , they found that beneath the mountains of ash and frozen slabs of lava , time had stood still . Prior to the eruption , tables had been laid for breakfast and clothes folded and piled by the fireplace , but everything had been abandoned when the fire engines started sounding their horns . Archaeologists decided to focus on one particular cottage , which now forms the centerpiece of the Eldheimar museum , located on the outskirts of Vestmannaeyjar . Inside the museum 's walls , petrified waterfalls of ash pour from the cottage 's windows , through which lampshades , tablecloths and curtains can be seen . The mountains of ash visible from the museum 's windows are reminders of just how close this island came to total destruction . Heimaey , a 25-minute plane ride from Reykjavik or a 30-minute ferry journey from Iceland 's mainland , is a barren chunk of volcanic rock . Visitors who take the ferry arrive into a small harbor dramatically narrowed by a river of solidified lava . When Eldfell erupted , the lava flow almost cut the harbor off entirely . Locals slowed its progress by spraying it with cold water , but not before it had increased the island 's size by one square mile . Towering banks of ash The horizon here is dominated by two enormous volcanic peaks . Helgafell , a perfect , grass-covered cone , erupted thousands of years ago , spewing so much lava that two islands merged to form Heimaey . Eldfell , meanwhile , is a jagged , ash-covered reminder of the 1973 eruption , although in places , bright purple lupins sprout from the blackened slopes where locals have planted grass to improve its appearance and prevent erosion . On boat rides around the island , visitors pass towering banks of ash sloping down to the sea . In places , the coastline has been imprinted with a semi-geometric pattern , as though someone has transplanted part of Northern Ireland 's Giant 's Causeway here . A visit to Vinaminni Kaffihus , a cafe in Vestmannaeyjar run by Jonsdottir , offers fascinating insight into the events of 1973 . Jonsdottir , who returned to Heimaey as a married woman two years after the eruption , opened the cafe as a memorial to the volcano . Each table tells the story of a different family , with before and after photos and accounts of that fateful night . Today Jonsdottir , like other islanders , says she 's simply grateful for the low death toll , and the fact that the island was n't destroyed entirely . "  We 're just so thankful that we 've been allowed to continue living in such a beautiful place , " she explains . "  We came so close to this island being uninhabitable . " How to get there Flights to Heimaey depart Reykjavik 's domestic airport , which is a 40-minute drive from Keflavik International Airport . Round-trip fares with Eagle Air start from $ 359 ; +354 5624200 Herjolfur ferries sail from Landeyjarhofn to Vestmannaeyjar . Landeyjarhofn is 132 kilometers  82 miles  from Reykjavik , in the south of Iceland . Prices start from $ 28 each way . The ferry makes five crossings every day , apart from Tuesday , when there are four crossings ; +354 4812800 It 's possible to drive to Landeyjarhofn or take the bus from the Bsi bus terminal in Reykjavik . Eldheimar museum , Sudurvegur/Gerdisbraut 10 , 900 Vestmannaeyjar , Heimaey , Iceland ; +354 4882700 Vinaminni Kaffihus , Vinaminni Kaffihus , 481 2424m Vesturvegi 5 , 900 Vestmannaeyjum , Heimaey , Iceland ; +354 4812424 Viking boat tours , Tangagotu 7 , 900 Vestmannaeyjum , Heimaey , Iceland ; + 354 4884884 . Boat rides cost from $ 50 .	Iceland 's Heimaey island was evacuated in 1973 when the Eldfell volcano exploded Houses buried by the volcano have now been excavated and preserved in a new museum Helga Jonsdottir , who fled the volcano as a child , now runs a cafe on the island
New York  CNN  -- A Picasso painting fetched nearly $ 106.5 million at auction Tuesday , a record for any single work of art , Christie 's New York said . "  Nude , Green Leaves and Bust " sold for $ 106,482,500 to an unidentified telephone bidder , the auction house said in a news release . "  Silence fell over the packed saleroom as Christopher Burge conducted nine minutes of bidding that involved eight clients , " it said . "  Christie 's lead auctioneer took bids from a client in the saleroom as well as those on the phone before the competition settled down to two bidders at the $ 88 million mark and a one-on-one battle ensued . The final bid was hammered down at 7.32 p.m. at $ 95 million . " The buyer 's premium -- the additional fee paid to the auction house -- took the price of the painting to $ 106.5 million . "  Nude , Green Leaves and Bust , " or "  Nu au Plateau de Sculpteur , " is from the collection of Los Angeles philanthropist Frances Lasker Brody , who died last November and was the wife of the real estate developer Sidney F. Brody . The collection , amassed primarily during the 1940s and 1950s , had been in the family 's home since . Experts had referred to the 1932 work as "  lost " because it had never been published in color . It shows Picasso 's muse and mistress , Marie-Therese Walter . The previous highest price for a work at auction was $ 104,327,006 paid for "  L'Homme Qui Marche I , bronze "  Walking Man 1  , 1960 , by Alberto Giacometti . It sold during an auction at Sotheby 's to an anonymous telephone bidder in February , 2010 . The previous high for a Picasso was $ 104,168,000 for "  Garcon a la Pipe "  "  Boy with Pipe "  , 1905 , in May 2004 . Those who missed a chance to bid on the Picasso can bid on its prior owners ' 2.27-acre estate in the Holmby Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles . The 11,500-square-foot , five-bedroom , four-staff bedroom house was built in 1950 and is listed at $ 24.95 million , according to Coldwell Banker Previews International .	"  Nude , Green Leaves and Bust " sells for $ 106,482,500 , the most ever paid for single work of art The 1932 painting shows Picasso 's muse and mistress , Marie-Therese Walter Previous record was $ 104 million for Alberto Giacometti 's "  L'Homme Qui Marche I , bronze "
Beijing  CNN  -- After focusing on "  green cars " in recent years , carmakers are wowing visitors at the Auto China 2012 car show with vehicles that are big , bad and gas-guzzling . "  I would definitely be interested if the price was right , " says Wang Xizhen as he ogled a deep purple Aston Martin DBS . Aston Martin launched its Dragon 88 China-only limited edition this week . With gold dragon emblems embroidered onto its leather seats , the car also carries a hefty price tag - more than 5 million yuan  nearly $ 800,000  . Jeep also launched a China-inspired car -- a flashy Wrangler concept car emblazoned with a long silvery dragon across the hood . "  Jeep brand sales in China in 2011 increased 81 % over the prior year and China , " said Mike Manley , CEO of Jeep Brand , Chrysler group , at the unveiling on Monday . "  Last year , more Jeep vehicles were sold in China than in any other country besides the U.S. and Canada . " Manley said because the brand is committed to China , it 's important to design and tailor vehicles specifically to Chinese tastes . But some consumers , like Wang , disagreed . "  Just because it has a dragon on it , does n't mean Chinese people will love it . After all , we 're after going after a western brand , " said Wang . "  I like the subtlety of Aston Martin 's dragon design , but to put a huge dragon across the entire car is going overboard . " Jeep and Aston Martin are among many foreign automakers hoping to woo hundreds of thousands of Chinese consumers visiting the show this week , especially as China has become the world 's largest auto market amid a sales slump in Europe and tepid growth in the United States . Despite the push in green cars in previous years following government subsidies for cleaner vehicles , this year 's focus turned to gas-guzzling SUVs . Crowds swooned over the new Lamborghini Urus SUV concept car -- a potential competitor to the popular Porsche Cayenne . Ford also unveiled three SUVs at the show , including the EcoSport , which is expected to be manufactured at the company 's China factory in Chongqing . "  SUVs are a strength for Ford globally and here in China , the SUV segment is one of the fastest growing segments in the industry , " said Joe Hinrichs , president of Ford 's Asia Pacific and Africa region . "  So you put the two together ... it 's a very exciting time . " Automakers have turned their attention to bigger cars and flashier cars to attract consumers since there are fewer government-backed incentives to pursue green technology , analysts say . "  It costs automakers about the same to manufacture a hybrid versus an SUV -- so it 's not profitable for them to pursue green cars given the market development for SUVs right now , " said Zhang Xin , an analyst at Guotai Jun ` an Securities , based in Beijing . "  If you take into account China 's widening wealth-poverty gap -- it 's a huge factor in luxury automakers in business . " Chinese auto sales -- which surged to 35 % in 2010 -- showed signs of cooling in the first quarter of this year with just 2 % growth . For high-end automakers like Rolls Royce , their bet on the China -- their largest market -- remains optimistic . "  It is really hard to predict growth rates , because when you look back nobody could have predicted the growth rates we 've seen over the last couple of years , " said Torsten Müller-Ötvös , CEO of Rolls-Royce Motor Cars , Ltd. "  Since last year , we 've seen growth rates of 50 to 60 % , something I would definitely would not expect this year , but there 's definitely sustainable growth to come . " But analysts like Zhang say with the demand , also comes pollution and infrastructure challenges . "  Experts here still say that China falls behind on the number of drivers it could have -- whereas there are on average 140 drivers for 1,000 people in the world , China only has about 50 for every 1,000 , " said Zhang . "  But they do n't take into consideration population density and infrastructure challenges . " But for drivers like Zhang , who says he can only afford a local brand now but may upgrade to an Audi SUV in the near future , owning car is about convenience and comfort . "  I do n't know many drivers who would be concerned about creating more pollution , " said Zhang , a 26-year-old law student . "  We just want travel in comfort and get to our destination on time . "	Big , bad and gas-guzzling vehicles are center stage at Auto China 2012 Comes after recent Beijing car shows dominated by "  green " cars Luxury car makers have launched a variety of vehicles aimed at Chinese consumers Chinese car sales grew only 2 % the first quarter of 2012
CNN  -- Craigslist will replace its controversial online "  erotic services " listings with a section where ads are individually checked by Craigslist employees before they are posted , according to Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal . Craigslist will replace its "  erotic services " listings with ads that are screened by the site 's employees . The popular classified-ad Web site , which Blumenthal called "  a blatant Internet brothel , " has been accused by law enforcement officials across the United States of promoting prostitution through its erotic ads . "  Craigslist is heeding our clear call for conscience and common sense , sending a strong signal that Internet sites must police themselves to protect others , " Blumenthal said . Craigslist representatives met in New York last week with Blumenthal and the attorneys general of Missouri and Illinois , all of whom asked the company to shut down its "  erotic services " sections in their states . Cook County , Illinois , Sheriff Thomas Dart called Craigslist "  the single largest source of prostitution in the nation . " "  As head of the multistate attorney general task force , " Blumenthal said , "  I was informed by Craigslist late last night that it will eliminate the ` erotic services ' section within seven days , create a new section called ` adult services ' and manually review every ad posted there to bar flagrant prostitution and pornography . " Listen to Blumenthal talk to CNN Radio about the change " "  So far , it looks like we 've struck the right balance , and most of the feedback we 're getting right now is positive , " Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster told CNN 's "  American Morning . " He said his company does not view the law enforcement community 's involvement as pressure . "  We 're looking for constructive criticism , and certainly we 've been getting plenty of that , " Buckmaster said . Craigslist executives released a statement Wednesday confirming the change , which it said will take place after current ads expire in seven days . New ads in the "  adult services " section "  will be opened for postings by legal adult service providers , " the company said . "  Each posting to this new category will be manually reviewed before appearing on the site , to ensure compliance with Craigslist posting guidelines and terms of use , " it said . Advertisers will pay a $ 10 fee for each new ad , it said . Blumenthal said state agencies will keep a close eye on the Web site and others "  to make sure prostitution and pornography do not migrate and move elsewhere . " "  We will be monitoring closely to make sure that this measure is more than a name change from ` erotic ' to ` adult ' and that the manual blocking is tough and effective to scrub prostitution and pornography , " he said . "  Our continuing investigation will assure that these steps are substance , not just spin , and that Craigslist really shuts down its open online red-light district . " Craigslist drew attention recently after a 23-year-old medical student was charged in the death of a masseuse in a Boston , Massachusetts , hotel room and in a hotel assault in Rhode Island . Police have said it appeared that the attacker in both cases had responded to the victims ' Craigslist ads . The Craigslist statement said ads on its site have been associated with "  far lower rates of violent crime than print classifieds , let alone rates of violent crime pertaining to American society as a whole . " It suggested that the online ads are safer because of verification measures , community monitoring , the electronic trail left by those using the site and Craigslist 's cooperation with investigators . In November , Craigslist entered into an agreement with more than 40 attorneys general and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to add safeguards to combat unlawful activity and improve public safety . As part of the reforms , Craigslist agreed to implement credit card verification , assess a fee and require a phone number from people posting "  erotic services . "	NEW : CEO says company "  looking for constructive criticism " Craigslist will replace its controversial "  erotic services " listings with a new section Sex-related ads will be checked by Craigslist employees before posting Connecticut attorney general : Craigslist must shut down "  online red-light district "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Elections to select Hong Kong 's top official , known as the Chief Executive , are supposed to be predictable . An election committee of 1,200 Hong Kong people , drawn largely from pro-business , pro-establishment circles , cast their ballots and China 's preferred candidate wins with a healthy majority . The city-state returned to Chinese sovereignty in 1997 , though as a Special Administrative Region  SAR  , which means it retains a high level of autonomy , only ceding control of foreign relations and defense matters to Beijing . The city has developed into one of the world 's great financial centers . Hong Kong 's seven million residents do not get to vote but the winning candidate is supposed to be "  acceptable " to them . The entire process is designed to avoid unpleasant surprises . The two main candidates -- 59-year-old Henry Tang , son of a well connected tycoon , and 58-year-old C Y Leung , of more humble origins , but impeccable pro-Beijing credentials -- were supposed to conduct gentlemanly campaigns , culminating in Tang 's eventual victory as the favorite of China 's leaders and Hong Kong 's tycoons . But the mud started flying . Tang 's private life became a public nightmare . First he was forced to own up to a string of marital infidelities . Then a media circus descended on one of his homes , using cherry pickers and cranes to film over the high walls of the luxury property looking for evidence of illegal construction work . Tang 's clumsy response , first denying , then blaming his wife for the work drew widespread condemnation . Never a popular figure , Tang 's opinion poll ratings tumbled and some of his backers began to question his electability . Meanwhile C Y Leung ran into his own troubles . He is currently under investigation for a conflict of interest case involving a construction project when he was in government office . There are also allegations of "  black money " -- that his campaign had been in contact with organized crime figures . He also is reputed to be a closet communist , and to hold hardline views on public order and press freedom . Even outgoing Chief Executive Donald Tsang has found himself embroiled in controversy amid allegations he had breached anti-bribery regulations by traveling on luxury yachts and private jets owned by wealthy friends . But despite his problems , Leung continues to show a consistent lead over Tang in public opinion polls . Beijing is apparently now pressuring committee members to switch to Leung . But it remains to be seen whether enough members of the election committee will listen . One of Asia 's richest men , Li Ka-shing , has said that he will continue to support Tang . The pro-business Liberal Party , controlling 28 votes , says it can not vote for Leung , while leaving it to individuals members whether they vote for Tang or not . Beijing 's hand has tipped the balance in favor of Leung , but he is not yet a shoe-in . The fact of the matter is that neither candidate is very popular and a number of members of the election committee are threatening to cast blank ballots . If no candidate can get more than 50 % of the votes the election will be annulled . It would need to be re-run in May , no doubt with some new faces . While this might be an acceptable outcome to many in Hong Kong , it would be a huge loss of face for Beijing , showing that it was unable to control the situation . This Sunday there will be something unprecedented at a chief executive election in Hong Kong -- suspense .	An election committee of 1,200 Hong Kong people will choose new Chief Executive Hong Kong residents do not vote but the winning candidate is supposed to be "  acceptable " to them The two main candidates are 59-year-old Henry Tang and 58-year-old C Y Leung But both candidates have been mired in controversy , making the race increasingly hostile
CNN  -- "  The Walking Dead " fans always fill CNN.com 's comments sections and iReport with questions and observations about TV 's hottest show . We asked executive producer Gale Anne Hurd and actors Norman Reedus  fan favorite Daryl  and Laurie Holden  Andrea , one of the most-discussed characters this season  to respond to the "  Dead " - heads in our community , in time for Sunday night 's season finale on AMC . As "  Talking Dead " host Chris Hardwick might put it , thanks for submitting your quemments ! And in case you did n't know , this gallery contains spoilers about the third season of the show .	Fans of "  The Walking Dead " often share their burning questions and observations Laurie Holden , Gale Anne Hurd , Norman Reedus of "  Walking Dead " answered you
CNN  -- Four people were killed Thursday afternoon and two others were injured in a gun and knife attack at a Native American tribal office in Alturas , California , police chief Ken Barnes said . Sherrie Rhoades , 44 , was attending a tribal eviction meeting at the Cedarville Rancheria tribal office Thursday around 3:30 p.m. when she opened fire , Barnes said . When Rhoades ran out of ammunition she grabbed a butcher knife from the kitchen and attacked another person , stabbing them , Barnes said . A person at the meeting ran out of the building covered in blood and went to the Alturas police station to alert officers , Barnes said . Police said they found Rhoades outside the building , running with a knife in her hands . She was taken into custody . The deceased victims were identified as a 19-year-old woman , a 45-year-old woman , a 30-year-old man and a 50-year-old man . Rhoades , a former tribal leader , was at the hearing because she was facing eviction , police said . The shooting happened in Modoc County , which is in Northern California on the Oregon border . Autopsies on those killed are scheduled for Friday . The two who were injured by gunshots were transported to out-of-area hospitals and are in critical condition , Barnes told reporters . "  At this time , there does n't appear to be any threat to the community , " he said . CNN first learned of the shooting on Twitter .	Two people are injured , in critical condition , the police chief says Authorities said a woman shot at people before using a butcher knife New : The suspect was identified as Sherrie Rhoades , a former tribal leader New : Police said the suspect was facing eviction
CNN  -- The father of a Marine whose funeral was picketed by the Westboro Baptist Church says an order to pay the protesters ' legal costs in a civil claim is nothing less than a "  slap in the face . " "  By the court making this decision , they 're not only telling me that they 're taking their side , but I have to pay them money to do this to more soldiers and their families , " said Albert Snyder , whose son , Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder , was killed in action in Iraq in 2006 . Members of the fundamentalist church based in Topeka , Kansas , appeared outside Snyder 's funeral in 2006 in Westminster , Maryland , carrying signs reading "  You 're going to hell , " "  God hates you " and "  Thank God for dead soldiers . " Among the teachings of the church , which was founded in 1955 by pastor Fred Phelps , is the belief that God is punishing the United States for "  the sin of homosexuality " through events such as soldiers ' deaths . Margie Phelps , the daughter of Fred Phelps and the attorney representing the church in its appeals , also said the money that the church receives from Snyder will be used to finance demonstrations . But she also said that the order was a consequence of his decision to sue the church over the demonstration . "  Mr. Snyder and his attorneys have engaged the legal system ; there are some rules to that legal engagement , " said Phelps , a member of Westboro who says she has participated in more than 150 protests of military funerals . "  They wanted to shut down the picketing so now they 're going to finance it , " she said . The 4th Circuit Court of Appeals on Friday ordered that Snyder pay more than $ 16,000 in costs requested by Westboro for copies of motions , briefs and appendices , according to court documents . In a motion filed in October , Snyder 's lawyer , who is representing him for free , asked the court to dismiss the bill of costs , or , alternatively , reduce the 50-cent fee per page or charge Snyder only for copies that were necessary to make their arguments on appeal . "  We objected based upon ability to pay and the fairness of the situation , " Sean Summers said . The mostly pro-forma ruling is the latest chapter in an ongoing legal saga that pits privacy rights of grieving families against the free speech rights of demonstrators , however disturbing and provocative their message . Snyder 's family sued the church and went to trial in 2007 alleging privacy invasion , intentional infliction of emotional distress and civil conspiracy . A jury awarded the family $ 2.9 million in compensatory damages plus $ 8 million in punitive damages , which were reduced to $ 5 million . Westboro in 2008 appealed the case to the 4th District , which reversed the judgments a year later , siding with the church 's claims that its First Amendment rights had been violated . "  The protest was confined to a public area under supervision and regulation of local law enforcement and did not disrupt the church service , " the circuit court opinion said . "  Although reasonable people may disagree about the appropriateness of the Phelps ' protest , this conduct simply does not satisfy the heavy burden required for the tort of intentional infliction of emotional distress under Maryland law . " The U.S. Supreme Court has agreed to hear the case to address issues of laws designed to protect the "  sanctity and dignity of memorial and funeral services " as well as the privacy of family and friends of the deceased . The justices will be asked to address how far states and private entities such as cemeteries and churches can go to justify picket-free zones and the use of "  floating buffers " to silence or restrict speech or movements of demonstrators exercising their constitutional rights in a funeral setting . Both Phelps and Snyder 's attorney said they were surprised that the 4th District chose to weigh in on the issue of legal costs when they could have waited until after the Supreme Court hearing . Phelps believes the ruling bodes well for her side . "  It is a good harbinger of the fact that the Supreme Court will remind this nation that you do n't have mob rule . The fact that so many people hate these words does not mean you can silence or penalize them . That 's supposed to be the great liberty that we congratulate ourselves on protecting in this nation . We strut all around the world forcing people to give all the liberties we supposedly have , " she said . Phelps anticipated that a Supreme Court ruling in the church 's favor would be unpopular , but she said Westboro 's members viewed the potential outcome in Biblical terms . "  When the Supreme Court unanimously upholds the 4th Circuit , it 's going to put this country in a rage , and we will be expelled , " she said . "  But whenever it was time for an epic event in the Bible , the thing that happened right before is the prophets were removed from the land , and that 's what 's going to happen to us . ... We 're going to sprint to the end of this race . " Snyder claims he is unable to pay any legal costs in the case and is attempting to raise funds on his son 's site , http://www.matthewsnyder.org/ . He is equally optimistic that he will prevail before the Supreme Court . "  The American people keep my spirits lifted a lot and give me hope . I think most of the country is on my side on this issue , " he said . "  Too many people have died to protect our rights and freedoms to have them degraded and spit upon like this church does . " CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Father of Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder calls order to pay legal costs "  slap in the face " Westboro lawyer says order consequence of lawsuit , says money will fund protests Snyder 's family sued Westboro Baptist Church for protesting Marine 's funeral in 2006 4th Circuit reversed judgments against Westboro in ' 09 ; high court will hear case
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic has claimed a fourth Miami Masters title after an emphatic straight sets win over his old rival Rafael Nadal at Crandon Park . The Serb was at his ruthless best in Sunday 's final wearing down the world No. 1 to win 6-3 6-3 in one hour 24 minutes . The title was Djokovic 's 43rd of his career and follows his recent triumph at Indian Wells where he beat Roger Federer in three sets . It was the 40th time Djokovic and Nadal had met during their careers and while the Spaniard still has the edge overall -- 22 wins to Djokovic 's 18 -- the Serb has now extended his advantage on hard courts to 14-7 against Nadal . What was expected to be a close match ended up being one-way traffic as Djokovic outplayed his opponent . Parity lasted for five games before the world No. 2 broke serve in the sixth . Realizing the danger , Nadal redoubled his efforts in the next , taking Djokovic to deuce before the Serb stepped up a gear to open up a 5-2 lead . It was too much for Nadal to recover and when the Spaniard lost his serve in the opening game of the second , the match could have slid away more easily than it did . The world No. 1 stuck at his task but in the end could n't find a way through Djokovic 's watertight defenses . Scenting victory Djokovic pounced in the ninth game , attacking Nadal 's serve and setting up match two points . He completed proceedings in style getting the upper hand in a stunning final rally before collapsing in celebration . "  It 's been a fantastic tournament , a very enjoyable time as it always is in Miami , " said Djokovic . "  I played a great match , from the start to the end everything was working really well . It 's always a challenge and a pleasure to play against Rafa . "  Back in 2007 I won my first big title here in Miami and I have the greatest memories from this center court . " Djokovic did n't drop a set  although he did have two walkovers  in winning his third Miami title in four years while Nadal is still searching for a first after finishing runner-up for a fourth time . Hingis doubles joy There was joy for Martina Hingis earlier in the day as she won the women 's double title alongside partner Sabine Lisicki from Germany . The pair overcame Russia 's Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina 4-6 6-4 10-5 in Sunday 's final . Hingis , 33 , made the most of hers and Lisicki 's wild-card entry to Miami after returning to doubles action at Indian Wells earlier this month . The win is Hingis ' third in the doubles at Miami -- she won in 1998 and 1999 wth Jana Novotna -- and her first for seven years . Read more : Serena seals record seventh Miami title	Novak Djokovic seals 43rd career title with straight sets win over Rafael Nadal Serb produces an almost flawless performance to win 6-3 6-3 Martina Hingis and Sabine Lisicki win women 's doubles title
CNN  -- A runaway teen who said her father threatened to kill her for converting from Islam to Christianity has been returned from Florida to Ohio , but not yet to her family , her mother 's lawyer said Tuesday . Rifqa Bary , 17 , is in the custody of Franklin County Children Services while other issues in the case are settled , attorney Roger Weeden said . "  We 're very happy that Rifqa is back where she should be , close to her parents , " Weeden said . "  The allegations of abuse and neglect were unfounded . Now some unification can begin . " A Florida judge ruled earlier this month in favor of her parents , Mohamed and Aysha Bary , who had requested that their daughter be transferred to Ohio . The teen 's attorney , John Stemberger , who leads a Christian advocacy organization , opposed the move . The teen left her family in Columbus , Ohio , in July and took refuge in the home of a minister in Orlando , Florida . She was later moved into foster care after she said in an affidavit that her Muslim father had threatened her after finding out about her conversion . Her father has denied the allegation . Judge Daniel Dawson , in his October 13 decision , said it was in Bary 's best interest for her emergency custody case to continue in Ohio . The transfer was delayed until the teen 's immigration status was determined . Attorneys for the parents , who are from Sri Lanka , sent her immigration documents to the court within two weeks . Her return to Ohio comes after months of legal wrangling , including the affidavit from the teenager claiming that her father was pressured by the family 's mosque in Ohio to "  deal with the situation , " referring to her conversion . In an earlier court filing , Rifqa Bary alleged that her father said , "  If you have this Jesus in your heart , you are dead to me . " The teenager claims her father added , "  I will kill you . " Mohamed Bary , 47 , has denied the accusations . "  We would n't do her harm , " he said , saying he knew his daughter was involved with Christian organizations . "  I have no problem with her practicing any faith , " Bary said , but acknowledged that he prefers that she practice Islam . A report by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement says , "  Our investigation has provided no clear evidence of criminal activity . " During a Florida court hearing , the teen periodically read a Bible , as did many of her supporters who filled the courtroom . The supporters said they were disappointed by the ruling , but believe Jesus is with Bary no matter where she goes . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Rifqa Bary has returned to Ohio , but she is not back with her family , lawyer says Teen ran to Florida , said father threatened her for converting from Islam to Christianity Mohamed Bary denies threatening daughter , says he knew about Christian groups
CNN  -- One French tennis star kept alive his hopes of a long-awaited return to the ATP World Tour Finals on Tuesday , but another has missed out on a third successive appearance . Jo-Wilfried was the 2011 runner-up at the men 's season-ending tournament , but he will not be part of the eight-man line-up in London next month after blowing two match-points against Kei Nishikori in the second round of the Paris Masters . Tsonga was ranked a career-high fifth last year , but has dropped to 10th in the standings after sitting out big chunks of this season due to injury . The 28-year-old raced to victory in the opening set against Nishikori but then lost two tie-breakers against the world No. 19 as he went down 1-6 7-6  7-4  7-6  9-7  . "  I believe he managed well , because I could have won that match , " Tsonga said of Nishikori , who beat France 's Julien Benneteau in his opening match . "  He was very solid , especially during the important moments . "  I really have to improve my physical condition . I have to work a lot and very hard during the break . But if I 'm able to play very solid matches like I played for the first set , it 's going to be good . " Tsonga led 6-5 in the decider but double-faulted , then Nishikori saved himself at 7-6 down with an ace . The first Japanese man to reach the fourth round of the French Open since 1938 , he will next take on another player from the host country of this tournament -- Richard Gasquet -- on Thursday . With world No. 3 Andy Murray sidelined by injury for the rest of this year , ninth-ranked Gasquet holds the last place for London as he bids for his first qualification since his 2007 finals debut in Shanghai . He wasted two match-points in the second set against Fernando Verdasco on Tuesday but fought back to beat the Spaniard 7-5 6-7  6-7  6-3 in a match lasting two hours and 41 minutes . "  I felt bad , " Gasquet said . "  I had two match points and I was close to winning the match . There was a tie-break after that , and I thought it was very tough to lose that second set . "  Physically , it was tough . It could have turned around in his favor . I was lucky . " South African Kevin Anderson also had a measure of luck as his first-round opponent Mikhail Youzhny retired hurt with the score 4-6 7-6  7-0  2-1 . World No. 21 Anderson will next face 17-time grand slam champion Roger Federer , who needs to win Wednesday 's match to secure a record 12th consecutive appearance at the finals . Federer , seventh in the Race to London standings , spent Tuesday engaging with his fans on Twitter . World No. 2 Novak Djokovic , who also had a first-round bye , overcame a stubborn performance by 189th-ranked Frenchman Pierre-Hugues Herbert to triumph 7-6  7-3  6-3 . Top-ranked Rafael Nadal will begin his campaign Wednesday against fellow Spaniard Marcel Granollers , who defeated Russia 's Dmitry Tursunov 6-4 6-4 in round one .	Jo-Wilfried Tsonga will miss ATP finals after losing to Kei Nishikori in Paris Frenchman was one place outside those who will qualify for season-ending event Japan 's Nishikori will next face another French London hopeful , Richard Gasquet World No. 2 Novak Djokovic wins his opening match at the Masters 1000 event
EW.com  -- The threesome of Cameron Diaz , Leslie Mann , and Kate Upton proved to be too much for "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier . " Fox 's raunchy girlfriends comedy , about two mistresses who team up with a man 's insecure wife to ruin his life and rediscover theirs , earned $ 24.7 million to bump the Marvel superhero from his three-week box office run at No. 1 . It was a surprisingly high number for "  The Other Woman , " given that some analysts speculated the movie would do about half that by appealing strictly to female moviegoers . Given Diaz 's comedy track record with everything from There 's Something About Mary to Bad Teacher , those concerns did n't really hold "  The Other Woman " back . Also , when you cast Sports Illustrated swimsuit model Upton as a scantily clad character referred to as "  the boobs " in a movie 's trailer , it 's not exactly bro-repellent . Still , Fox tells EW its own tracking showed 75 percent of ticket-buyers were female , which is slightly higher than even the studio expected . The strong overall tally came from underestimating just how large that audience would be , and Fox now hopes word-of-mouth will help it draw in a more diverse crowd in the weeks ahead , much as Universal 's "  Bridesmaids " did in 2011 . EW : Review of ` The Other Woman ' "  Captain America " sank to a respectable No. 2 , still going strong in its fourth weekend , for a weekend yield of $ 16 million and a domestic total of $ 225 million  and roughly $ 645 million globally  . The first "  Captain America " ended at $ 177 million domestically , and a mere $ 370 million worldwide . Dropping only 37 percent from last week , the action/adventure is showing remarkable resilience , and sets a very high bar for upcoming superhero flicks , such as next week 's "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 "  which has already opened in some international markets and has earned a robust $ 132 million  and "  X-Men : Days of Future Past , " which debuts May 23 but is currently reeling from the underage , forced sex allegations recently leveled at filmmaker Bryan Singer . Sony 's spiritual melodrama "  Heaven Is For Real " came in third for the weekend with $ 13.8 million , also showing strength with only a 39 percent drop in its second week . EW review of ` Captain America : The Winter Soldier ' Among new releases , the No. 5 spot went to the late Paul Walker 's "  Brick Mansions , " a wall-climbing , face-slamming , parkour-based action movie about a cop seeking revenge against the crime lord who killed his father . The Relativity release , a remake of the French crime thriller "  District 13 , " earned $ 9.6 million . It was initially in the fourth spot on Friday night , but family matinee moviegoers gave the animated "  Rio 2 " a Saturday boost . The Lionsgate horror flick "  The Quiet Ones " lived up to its name â $ " it came in seventh place with a lame $ 7 million , behind even the Johnny Depp box-office catastrophe "  Transcendence , " which was No. 6 with $ 7.1 million . Here are estimate of the weekend 's top five , with final numbers due Monday : 1 . The Other Woman -- $ 24.7 million 2 . Captain America : The Winter Soldier -- $ 16 million 3 . Heaven Is For Real -- $ 13.8 million 4 . Rio 2 â $ " $ 13.6 million 5 . Brick Mansions â $ " $ 9.6 million See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Cameron Diaz took the top spot It was a surprisingly high number for "  The Other Woman " The last film by Paul Walker came in at no. 5
Kennesaw , Georgia  CNN  -- It was the most famous high-speed chase of its day . The pursuers did n't have flashing blue lights . They could n't swing around and cut off the hijacked vehicle . But they did n't have to . The locomotive General weighed more than 20 tons and was confined to a single iron track between Atlanta , Georgia , and Chattanooga , Tennessee . Its top speed was about 70 miles per hour , it had no brakes , and it eventually ran out of fuel . However , "  The Great Locomotive Chase , " which occurred 150 years ago Thursday , made heroes of Union soldiers and civilians -- who tried to put a critical railroad line out of commission during the Civil War -- and the Southern train crews and troops who pursued them . Several members of the raiding party were the first to receive the new Medal of Honor . The suburban Atlanta town where the chase began and other Georgia communities along the 80-mile route this week are commemorating the wild , failed escapade immortalized in two movies . "  It 's the greatest war story ever told , " said Jere Martin , 60 , of Atlanta , as he prepared Thursday to enter Kennesaw 's Southern Museum of Civil War and Locomotive History , which houses the General . "  It 's a classic tale of daring versus persistence . " Civilian leader James J. Andrews and his band of raiders boarded the General in nearby Marietta , bent on damaging the Western & Atlantic Railroad line as well as Confederate communications as they rushed northward to Chattanooga . "  The whole thing was snake-bit from the start , " said Russell S. Bonds , author of the 2006 book "  Stealing the General : The Great Locomotive Chase and the First Medal of Honor . " "  Two raiders overslept and missed the train , and there was bad  rail  traffic and weather , " Bonds said . On the morning of April 12 , 1862 , as the General made a breakfast stop in Big Shanty  present-day Kennesaw  , Andrews ' men unhooked passenger cars and sped away . Stunned conductor William A. Fuller , thinking Confederate draftees at a camp in Big Shanty might have commandeered the General , literally ran after his train . He came across a handcar and cranked it until he found a train that could follow the General . Confederate horsemen eventually joined the madcap pursuit . As Fuller kept the heat on and changed trains , Andrews ' colleagues made two small breaks in the track and cut telegraph wires . Andrews , who thought any pursuit had been stalled , was nearly caught in the town of Kingston , but continued on to a spot near Ringgold , where the General ran out of wood and water as the Texas closed in -- about seven hours after the caper began . That is when he is reported to have said , "  Every man for himself ! " The raiders jumped off , but were rounded up . The cost for taking part in the sabotage attempt was high . Andrews and seven other captured participants were subsequently hanged as spies . A dozen others escaped or were exchanged . Besides the General , the dogged chase involved , in order , pursuing locomotives Yonah , William R. Smith and the Texas . Remarkably , the Texas also survives . Its role often is overlooked . The locomotive , which operated in reverse during its portion of the chase , is housed at the Atlanta Cyclorama & Civil War Museum . "  When the Texas got in the race , it was a duel between evenly matched locomotives , " Bonds told CNN . Some consider the hijacking of the General as the Doolittle Raid of its time : An attempt to boost morale and throw a little scare into the enemy . "  It 's not a military battle , " said Richard Banz , executive director of the Kennesaw museum . "  This is an ingenious concept of ` let 's go 200 miles behind enemy lines . ' " In the end , however , Andrews and his saboteurs did little damage and failed to burn a vital bridge . Kennesaw , Marietta and other cities along the chase route , which now parallels Interstate 75 in northern Georgia , are sponsoring a range of events through the weekend , including tours , music , living histories and the screenings of two movies about the Andrews raid : Buster Keaton 's silent comedy "  The General "  1927  and Walt Disney 's "  The Great Locomotive Chase "  1956  , starring Fess Parker . On Thursday , the General was festooned with red , white and blue bunting as museum visitors took photos and learned more about regional railroad history . It saw service until the early 1960s . Most of its parts , including the smokestack , have been replaced or modified . The wheels and axle are believed to be original . The episode proved the importance of railroads in the war and society , Bonds said . The line is still in operation today , serving as a busy CSX Transportation freight artery . And the chase continues to capture the imagination . "  It is like the Dirty Dozen , the Great Train Robbery and the Great Escape all rolled into one , " Bonds said .	150 years ago Thursday , Union raiders stole a train in Georgia They were chased by conductor , other crew members The incident became known as "  The Great Locomotive Chase " Towns along the chase route are commemorating the event
London  CNN  -- A designer has come up with a unique and futuristic solution for speeding up rail travel : he does n't want to change the engines , or the tracks -- he wants to get rid of the stations . Determined to take rail transport into the 21st century , Paul Priestman , director of British design group Priestmangoode , is the man behind the "  Moving Platforms " concept , which he believes could potentially revolutionize the rail industry . His scheme would see travelers served by a carousel of trams and high-speed trains that would take passengers from their homes to their destinations without them ever having to use a bus , car or taxi . "  The idea with Moving Platforms is that ... if you were going on holiday or on business for instance , you could get onto a tram on your street and then seamlessly travel from that onto the high-speed line and then get off at your destination in another city , then onto a tram and then end up at your destination without ever having gone in your car or perhaps got on a bus , " says Priestman . "  It 's totally integrated into a sort of larger transport system , " he adds . The idea is to have a city-wide network of trams that travel in a loop and connect with a high-speed rail service . Read more : How green is HSR ? But instead of passengers having to get off the tram at a rail station and wait for the next HSR service to arrive , the moving tram would "  dock " with a moving train , allowing passengers to cross between tram and train without either vehicle ever stopping . "  The trams speed up and the high-speed train slows down and they join , so they dock at high speed , " explains Priestman . "  They stay docked for the same amount of time that it would stop at a station , " he adds . "  There are big doors , there are wide doors , they 're all the same level so you can seamlessly go between the two vehicles quite peacefully ; there 's no hurry . "  Then , when everyone 's done that , the doors shut and then the trains separate and the tram then goes back into the city or town and picks up more passengers and drops off passengers . " Instead of using paper tickets to pass through a barrier , passengers would used an RFID  radio-frequency identification  system to transfer from tram to train . Similar systems that let passengers scan pre-paid smartcards are already used on many public transport networks . While Priestman admits that it will be some time before his vision could be implemented , he says the time has come to rethink how we travel . "  This idea is a far-future thought but would n't it be brilliant to just re-evaluate and just re-think the whole process ? " he says .	"  Moving Platforms " is an integrated tram-to-train concept Passengers would cross between tram and train without either vehicle stopping It 's the work of British designer Paul Priestman
Editor 's note : Since 2007 , CNN and CNN.com have followed the story of Youssif , an Iraqi boy disfigured when he was burned by attackers . Today , CNN 's Arwa Damon catches up with the boy and his family , now living in California where Youssif is undergoing treatment . Today Youssif goes to school in California and continues to have treatment to help his scars . LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Youssif stands on stage beaming as he belts out "  Jingle Bell Rock , " his tiny burned hands waving in sync with his classmates at Hamlin Street School . His mother , Zaineb , stands at the back , cradling his little sister , Aya , tears rolling down her face . "  I am so proud of him , " she says . "  It reminds me of what he was like in Iraq when he used to sing in kindergarten . I felt for a moment that none of this had happened . My son was back , without fear , strong . " Youssif spots us , and waves wildly . Little appears to remain of the sullen and withdrawn dark-eyed boy we first met in Baghdad more than a year ago . It has been almost two years since masked men in Baghdad doused Youssif , then just 4 years old , in gasoline and set him on fire . His mother still does n't sleep at night . "  I still blame myself . I should have protected him . Sometimes I say to myself that I wish it had happened to me , just not to him . " Zaineb says , her voice starting to quiver . "  If only I had n't let him go out to play that day . " Today Youssif plays freely , without fear . "  Let 's race " he shouts to his friend Brandon as the two boys dash across the schoolyard . A couple of minutes later the two are playfully jostling over a rubber ball . Youssif shrieks and bursts into laughter as the two play catch . "  It 's like this weight has been lifted off of me , off of him , " his father , Wissam , says . "  It 's like we 've left this dark , depressing state where we were consumed by Youssif and the attack that had happened . You know , it 's so hard to see a child , my child , go through something like this . When I see him like this , I feel like he 's coming back . " Watch more on Youssif 's recovery " After CNN and CNN.com first reported Youssif 's story in 2007 , more than 12,000 CNN.com users contributed to a fund set up by the Children 's Burn Foundation of Sherman Oaks California , enabling the boy and his family to travel to the United States for treatment . Youssif has undergone more than a dozen surgeries . Much of the thick scar tissue around his eyes , mouth and nose -- left by his treatment in Baghdad -- has been removed . He currently has yet another tissue expander in his left cheek , intended to stretch out "  good skin " to be used to replace his scar tissue . Youssif has grown used to the sometimes painful treatments . "  When I started this process of tissue expansion , I would have to chase him around the room , " Dr. Peter Grossman , Youssif 's surgeon , tells us as he injects more liquid into the expander . "  We 'd need three people to hold him down for these injections . " Youssif will probably have many more surgeries stretched out over time . "  The problem we have with Youssif is that every operation we do tends to heal well after surgery , but then a month after , he starts to form these really thick scars , " Grossman said . "  It 's probably best at this time to let his body relax , let these scars mature over a period of a year or two years . " Today , Youssif grimaces in pain but braves it alone , refusing to take his father 's hand . "  Seven or eight times put water , " Youssif says back at home , explaining how the tissue expansion works . "  I am not scared . It goes here , " he says pointing to the scarring over his lip . He 's not all that interested in talking about medical procedures . "  When I sharpen this it broke , " he says , trotting over with his new pencils . We all smile . "  You cut it like this " he orders , handing me scissors and what is meant to be a snowman he 's just drawn . A few moments later I am being berated for coloring "  wrong . " "  Great , I am taking orders from a 6-year-old " I think to myself , laughing . Keely Quinn with the Children 's Burn Foundation comes by for an extra reading lesson . They are reading one of the "  Five Little Monkeys " books , Youssif 's favorite . By the time I join them on the couch , Youssif 's got Dr. Seuss ' "  Foot Book . " "  What 's the biggest change you 've seen in him in the last year ? " I ask her . Youssif pipes up , reading , "  Small feet , big feet . " "  Aside from reading and learning English , " Keely says as we 're both laughing . "  I think it 's the change in confidence , in his ability to handle himself in social situations . He 's worked really hard in saying good morning to his teachers , saying hello back , answering questions and just gaining social confidence . " He 's thriving at school , loving the first grade . "  He 's amazing , " his teacher Mario Daley says . "  I work with children of all levels of ability , and Youssif , with what he 's gone through , his motivation , what he produces is fantastic . He just tries so hard . " Before the attack , Zaineb says , Youssif wanted to be a doctor . Now he says "  I want to be a doctor to help burned Iraqi children . "	Youssif continues to be treated in California for his burns , scars He is enrolled in school and learning English More surgeries lie ahead Boy was doused with gasoline , set on fire by masked men in Baghdad
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Italian prosecutors ' decision to seize Vatican Bank funds as part of an investigation into possible money-laundering was correct , an Italian court ruled Wednesday . The Vatican expressed "  surprise " that its appeal had been rejected and stood by its position that the investigation was the result of a misunderstanding . Italian prosecutors last month froze Vatican Bank transactions for the first time ever , after the bank failed to provide all the information required by anti-money laundering rules . Prosecutors seized 23 million euros  about $ 30 million  in Vatican Bank transactions "  as a cautionary measure , " prosecutor Nello Rossi told CNN in September . Pope Benedict XVI personally told the director of the Vatican Bank that he trusted him and appreciates the work he is doing , the Vatican said the day after they met on September 26 . Ettore Tedeschi , the bank head , was among the faithful meeting Benedict that day after the pope 's weekly Angelus address . Tedeschi kissed the pope 's hand and gave him a copy of his book "  Money and Paradise , " and they exchanged a few words , the Vatican said . Tedeschi told CNN before the meeting with the pope that he was incredulous and "  humiliated " when he learned Italian investigators were looking into money-laundering allegations against the bank . He said the probe was the result of a "  misunderstanding . " "  My first reaction was of incredulity and afterwards , that of feeling humiliated in the intense work that , along with -LSB- bank -RSB- Director-General -LSB- Paolo -RSB- Cipriani and all of the institute 's managers , I 've been carrying out , " Tedeschi told CNN by e-mail September 24 . "  After discussing with Dr. Cipriani the actions that spurred the inquiry , I was relieved , and I 've realized that we had to immediately take action in explaining the facts to various levels and places , " he said . Tedeschi said he also realized the need to speed up the process of getting the Vatican Bank on the "  white list " of banks that comply with internationally agreed standards , "  to prevent other misunderstanding events like the one that just happened . " This is not the first time Italian prosecutors have investigated the bank , but probes are extremely rare , Rossi said . The probe began after another Italian bank informed Bank of Italy investigators of two Vatican Bank transactions that did not appear to comply with anti-money-laundering requirements , the Bank of Italy said . When Bank of Italy investigators told legal authorities about the transactions , they were told that judicial authorities were already investigating the Vatican Bank , a source close to the investigation said . The Vatican Bank is "  the most secret bank in the world , " author Jeffrey Robinson said after the funds were seized , and he said there is no way to find out how much money it controls . The Vatican 's sources of income include its vast real estate holdings , explained Robinson , who wrote "  The Laundrymen , " which looks at money laundering worldwide . The Bank of Italy investigation was prompted by two wire transfers that the Vatican Bank asked Credito Artigiano to carry out , the Bank of Italy said . The Vatican Bank did not provide enough information about the transfers -- one for 20 million euros  about $ 26 million  and one for 3 million euros  about $ 4 million  -- to comply with the law , prompting the Bank of Italy to suspend them automatically , it said . It is not entirely clear how much legal authority Italian officials have over the Vatican Bank , since the Vatican is a sovereign state . They had the power to seize the money and stop the transactions because they took place on Italian soil , said Rossi , the prosecutor . An effort by Holocaust survivors to sue the Vatican Bank in the United States failed in 2009 when a U.S. court ruled that the Vatican Bank had "  sovereign immunity " and was not subject to lawsuits filed in the United States . A lawsuit against related entities is still in court . The Vatican Bank was created by an order of the pope "  to carry on activities that are for pious causes , " according to expert testimony related to the Holocaust suit . It accepts deposits only from top Catholic Church officials and entities , Settimio Caridi testified in U.S. District Court in 2006 . It uses its funds "  for designated pious purposes " and is "  an autonomous pious foundation , " he said . Caridi , a top Italian legal scholar who was called to testify by Vatican lawyers , said the bank is an integral part of the Vatican , a "  central entity under the oversight of the Holy See . " It is ultimately overseen by a commission of five cardinals -- the top position in the Vatican hierarchy below the pope -- which is headed by the Vatican secretary of state . The Vatican Bank is subject to particularly stringent anti-money-laundering regulations because Italian law does not consider it to be operating within the European Union . It must supply more detailed information about transactions than European Union banks have to give . CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome and Richard Allen Greene in London , England , contributed to this report .	Prosecutors seized about $ 30 million in transactions last month over money-laundering fears The Vatican says there was a misunderstanding and appealed against the seizure Pope Benedict XVI is standing by the head of the bank , the Vatican says It 's "  the most secret bank in the world , " says a money-laundering expert
CNN  -- The emir of Kuwait has accepted the resignation of the Cabinet and the prime minister and asked them to stay as a caretaker government until a new government is formed , state-run news agency KUNA said Monday . The decision comes less than two weeks after anti-corruption protesters forced their way inside Parliament in Kuwait City , pushing for the prime minister 's ouster . Prime Minister Sheikh Nasser al-Mohammad al-Sabah has had six previous governments brought down by opposition elements over the years . The new wave of protests pushed not just for the downfall of his government but for the prime minister himself to step down . Many protests chanted that they want to "  overthrow " him , using iconic slogans of the Arab Spring . While Kuwait 's leaders worked to quell the protests , opposition leaders vowed their efforts would escalate . In a letter to the emir announcing his resignation , the prime minister said "  negative practices " of a minority of members of Parliament made progress impossible , according to KUNA . He accused the parliamentarians of promoting disunity , doubting the integrity of the country 's leaders and fabricating unfounded accusations . "  Therefore , under these circumstances , it has become impossible for the government to pursue shouldering its responsibilities and fulfilling duties , " he wrote , according to KUNA .	NEW : Prime minister accuses some members of Parliament of sowing disunity Prime minister says some members of Parliament made progress impossible Protesters have demanded his resignation
CNN  -- Portugal earned a satisfying 4-0 win over world-champion neighbors Spain on Wednesday night , while France continued to improve under Laurent Blanc with a 2-1 victory away to England in another friendly . Spain won the last clash between the two teams in July on the way to winning the World Cup in South Africa , ending Portugal 's 19-match unbeaten run . But Helder Postiga struck twice after Carlos Martins broke the deadlock before substitute Hugo Almeida settled the match for Portugal , who have put in a joint bid with Spain to host the 2018 World Cup and are celebrating the 100th year of the Portuguese Republic . Midfielder Martins volleyed the opening goal right on halftime after Cristiano Ronaldo 's shot was only blocked by Spain goalkeeper Iker Casillas . Postiga doubled the lead four minutes after the interval with a clever backheel from Joao Moutinho 's low right-wing cross , and the Sporting Lisbon striker fired in the third with 22 minutes to play when Spain 's defense could not clear . Almeida then beat the offside trap to collect Pepe 's throughball and beat the onrushing Casillas in the fourth minute of time added on to score his 12th international goal . It was only Portugal 's second win in nine meetings with Spain , who have not won in Lisbon since 1934 . France inflicted England 's first defeat at London 's Wembley stadium since Fabio Capello took charge in December 2007 , taking the lead through Karim Benzema and Mathieu Valbuena before substitute Peter Crouch 's late consolation . Benzema fired the opening goal in the 16th minute with a low shot past goalkeeper Ben Foster at the near post following a smart interchange of passes with Florent Malouda . Capello 's experimental young England team went 2-0 down in the 55th minute when fullback Bacary Sagna found space down the right and midfielder Valbuena volleyed in a low shot after teammate Sami Nasri completely missed his attempt . Striker Crouch , who came on for the injured Steven Gerrard , guided in a clever volley at the far post from Ashley Young 's 85th-minute corner for his 23rd goal in 43 England appearances , but it was not enough to prevent his team being booed off . France , who also beat England in Capello 's second match in charge , have now won four successive matches under coach Blanc -- who suffered two defeats after taking over from Raymond Domenech following Les Bleus ' first-round World Cup exit . Italy were held 1-1 by Romania in Austria as Ciprian Marica scored at both ends . The striker put Romania ahead in the 34th minute after the Italian defense failed to clear , but headed past his own goalkeeper with seven minutes to play after Italy substitute Fabio Quagliarella touched on a corner by halftime replacement Andrea Pirlo . Germany drew 0-0 away to Sweden in Gothenburg in a match of few chances as both teams ' coaches experimented with their line-ups . Norway won 2-1 away to the Republic of Ireland , World Cup dark horses Slovakia lost 3-2 at home to Bosnia-Herzegovina , while Serbia won 1-0 in Bulgaria with an 80th-minute goal from striker Nikolai Zigic -- who was later sent off . Russia , who also hope to host the 2018 World Cup , lost 2-0 at home to Belgium as highly-rated young striker Romelu Lukaku scored both goals in Voronezh . The Netherlands , bidding jointly for 2018 with Belgium , beat Turkey 1-0 in Amsterdam as striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar scored the winner in the 52nd minute with his ninth goal in the last five internationals .	Portugal avenge World Cup defeat against Spain with 4-0 victory in Lisbon Helder Postiga scores twice as Portugal cruise past 2018 World Cup co-candidates France inflict England 's first Wembley defeat under Fabio Capello , winning 2-1 Netherlands beat Turkey while Italy and Germany both draw and Russia lose
CNN  -- Immediately after my Christmas tree is decorated and the tree lights plugged in , I turn off all the other house lights and sit on the stairs , staring at my gleaming achievement . I could stare for days , hypnotized by the shiny allure of the decorations . The simple , white lights I prefer for the tree sit neatly among what has become an all-out , no-holds-barred glitter explosion . Of course , the glitter is not only on my tree . As many crafters and Christmas decor lovers will testify , if you handle glitter , it goes everywhere with you . After a day of decorating , flakes of glitter stick in my hair and on the tops of my cheekbones , so that I notice them glinting out of the corner of my eye for hours to come . Read more : Making unique holiday I 'm not the only glitter lover out there . We are legion and the holiday season our pinnacle . Glitter fads have come and gone , but what remains consistent is the power of the crafting supply to bring joy and wonder to any setting . What 's more , it 's gaining in popularity . "  Glitter has really exploded this year , " said Jo Pearson of Michael 's craft stores . Pearson is the manager of Where Creativity Happens for Michael 's , was a judge on the television show "  Craft Wars " and calls herself the "  glitter queen . " A resurgence in the popularity of the product makes her heart sing . It was n't always this way . A decade ago , blown-glass and hand-painted ornaments ruled the retail shelves , said Pat Brill , a product manager for ornament maker Kurt Adler . But as the millennium dawned , glitter began to change , and a new breed of crafters got in touch with their inner magpie . This is not the stuff you used in grade school -- unsophisticated and stuck to construction paper with white glue . This is glitter that crafters seek out as they become more confident in their abilities . These days , everyone from creative kids to top designers uses glitter , Pearson said . It 's on T-shirts and tote bags , in makeup and body lotion , and even in the form of interior paint . The applications are endless . Read more : Mistletoe 101 Manufacturers offer a myriad of new glitter delivery methods as well as different sizes , colors and textures . The newest glitters , according to Brill , are made with lasers and have a more brilliant reflective quality than glitters of the past . Martha Stewart glitters , for example , now include neon colors . Pearson 's favorite new product is called Glitter It Glue . This year her crafting team used it to transform the empty , plain-glass ornaments sold in Michael 's stores into glittering globes . What 's unique about this glue , Pearson said , is that it is the only one she 's ever used that holds glitter to an object with a consistent thickness . None of the glitter shakes off , so there is substantially less errant glitter left behind . "  I think glitter has the innate ability to elevate ordinary things , " said Marcie McGoldrick , editorial director of holiday and crafts at Martha Stewart Living . She calls it a "  crafter 's magic wand . " "  In an economy like this , where people want things to feel special and fancy , but they do n't necessarily have the resources they did in the past , or are just trying to be economical , it 's such a great way to do that , " she said . "  And to do it yourself . " A sense of invention and experimentation with glitter also thrives among the artists who design and create the ornaments at companies such as Kurt Adler . Read more : 5 real-life wonderlands "  Glitter has become a science , " Brill said . "  As a chef would use spices , artists use glitter , and they might mix different sizes in one product . " Ornament artists use glitter to create depth in the same way painters create perspective on canvas . Big chunky glitter gives off a different kind of light than finer glitter . Mica glitter , an age-old source of sparkliness , is often used to impart a snowy or vintage look , Brill said . Glass glitter , from Germany , has been used on Christmas ornaments , but unlike plastic or mylar-based glitter options , glass glitter requires careful handling . While glass glitter has a unique look , because of the silver content , it can tarnish . Plastic foil glitter , Brill said , was developed in the United States after World War II because German glass glitter was difficult to obtain . This is mainly what 's available in stores today . Speaking by phone from Kurt Adler 's New York headquarters , Brill struggled to find the words to describe the magic that glitter adds to an object . It 's a kind of fairy dust , she said from her cubicle , surrounded by Santas , angels , elves and nutcrackers . Quiz : Curious Christmas traditions Glitter is also used to embellish decor during the year 's other holidays : Halloween , Easter , Valentine 's Day and the Fourth of July . Once , for April Fools ' Day , Martha Stewart glittered an entire chair . Its appeal is n't limited only to dedicated crafters . Mariah Carey , Pink , Lady Gaga and Ke $ ha sing about it . "  Super Freak " singer Rick James used to put it in his hair . But my favorite song about the power of glitter was on the "  Songs From ` How the Grinch Stole Christmas ' " record about a kitty who ate the tinsel on the Christmas tree . Just like me , he could not resist a glittery Christmas tree : "  It shines and glows and glitters on each bough , 'cause tinsel is the holiday cat 's meow , " as the song goes . Photos : Santa over the years	Glittered holiday decor has "  really exploded this year , " says Jo Pearson of Michael 's stores Glitter-loving crafters have more options for glitter application than ever before Glass glitter from Germany has a unique look , but it can tarnish
CNN  -- President Obama and his family leave Friday for a weekend getaway to Maine , but along with a little rest and relaxation comes criticism that the president is taking it easy while oil continues to gush in the Gulf of Mexico . The Obamas plan to spend the weekend on Mount Desert Island , home of Acadia National Park . The trip marks the president 's third vacation since the oil disaster began in April . The Republican National Convention launched a website blasting what it considers Obama 's "  leisure activities or missteps " during the oil disaster , like playing golf , attending concerts and vacationing in Asheville , North Carolina ; Chicago , Illinois ; and now Maine . Obama has also faced criticism for scheduling a trip up north , instead of vacationing in the Gulf , as he advised other Americans to do . "  Presidents are certainly entitled to vacation , just like everybody else , but there is a fine line as to when presidents should do it , what they should and where they should do it , " said Brad Blakeman , a former member of President George W. Bush 's senior staff and the deputy assistant for appointments and scheduling . "  Presidents have to be cognizant of the fact that everything they do is going to be scrutinized , " said Blakeman , who also is a professor for Georgetown University 's Semester in Washington program . Democratic strategist Jamal Simmons said the Republican criticism is "  galling , " considering Bush 's frequent trips to Camp David and his home in Crawford , Texas . "  Barack Obama is working as hard as any president that we 've had in recent history and certainly harder than the most immediate previous president , " he said . CBS 's Mark Knoller , who keeps track of presidents ' comings and goings , calculated that Bush spent all or part of 977 days at Camp David or in Texas during his two terms . Blakeman noted that visits to those locations were working trips and not getaways . Bush 's staff would travel with him , and work would continue as usual . The Crawford ranch was known as the "  Western White House " because of the infrastructure there . As for calls that Obama should vacation in the Gulf , Simmons said , "  Where he chooses to take his days off should really be up to him . We do n't want to get into a situation where the president is making familial vacation decisions based upon polling or political maneuvers . " Scott Stanzel , Bush 's deputy press secretary who often traveled with the president when he was away from the White House , said that changing locations provided a good opportunity to escape the hustle and bustle of Washington . "  President Bush , on the weekends , would often go to Camp David because the size of the bubble you are in expands , so you can go out for a walk or bike ride without having to arrange security detail , " he said . Stanzel was in Crawford with Bush for a number of crises that could not have been planned for , like the conviction of Saddam Hussein , the death of President Ford and the assassination of Pakistani politician Benazir Bhutto . Bush was notified of Bhutto 's death immediately and delivered a statement to the press pool . "  It would have almost been like we were at the White House in terms of the teams that would convene and talk about the issues surrounding that assassination , " Stanzel said . The problem for Obama , Stanzel said , is the visuals that could come out of his trip . A picture of Obama playing golf alongside images from the Gulf could send a negative message . Paul Begala , a CNN contributor and former adviser to President Clinton , said that vacationing or not , "  The president is the president wherever he is . "  I thought it was silly when people attacked Bush for going on vacation , so I 'll be consistent and say it 's silly when people attack President Obama for going on vacation , " he said . "  Of all of the concerns that Americans may have , they do not need to worry whether President Obama is a hard-working man . They may agree or disagree with his policies , but there is just no doubt that the guy is busting his rear end . "	Obama and family going to Mount Desert Island , Maine , for the weekend GOP criticizing Obama for vacationing during environmental disaster Democratic strategist says criticism is "  galling , " considering Bush 's frequent trips "  The president is the president wherever he is , " Paul Begala says
Islamabad  CNN  -- The second-largest party in Pakistan 's ruling coalition quit the government Sunday over fuel price increases and other complaints , leaving the country with a minority government . Sunday 's announcement by the Muttahida Qaumi Movement that its 25 members would join the opposition comes after several previous threats to quit the government . But Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said the ruling Pakistan People 's Party would be able to function without a majority in the National Assembly , which chooses the prime minister . "  Just because one party pulls out does not mean that the government will fall or come apart , " Gilani told reporters . The MQM is one of the largest and most liberal parties in Pakistan , with its stronghold in the southern city of Karachi . Its exit follows December 's withdrawal of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazal ur Rehman , a leading religious party . Muhammad Anwar , a senior coordinator for the MQM , told CNN that the last straw for the party were the fuel price increases that took effect Saturday . Pakistan 's government raised gasoline prices by 9.2 % and increased kerosene by nearly 6 % , blaming higher crude oil costs for the move . Anwar also said the government had failed to crack down on "  rampant " corruption and maintain law and order -- particularly in Karachi and the surrounding southern province of Sindh . Businessmen in Karachi "  are virtually hostage " to extortion and kidnapping rings , he said . And MQM leader Faisal Sabzwari said Sunday that the PPP-led government also has imposed unfair taxes on the poor and allowed an energy crisis to fester . The party pulled its two cabinet ministers in the federal government last week , a move MQM leaders said was a warning to the government . The decision leaves the PPP-led government that came to power in 2008 with 147 seats in the 342-seat National Assembly , where members serve up to five-year terms . Anwar said the MQM does n't want the government to fail , but "  The government is failing itself by its own deeds . " CNN 's Aliza Kassim and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	` The government is failing itself , ' MQM official says The second-largest party in Pakistan 's government quits The country 's prime minister says the government will survive the walkout
CNN  -- President Obama stepped into office with big approval ratings met with high expectations as he faces a deteriorating economic situation , an unpopular war in Iraq and the Middle East conflict . The economy has been the main focus of the first week of President Obama 's presidency . In his first week , Obama has focused on the economy , but he 's also addressed other campaign promises . Bill Schneider , CNN 's senior political analyst , describes Obama 's first week as a "  neat balancing act . " As Obama signs executive orders signaling a clear change of direction , he 's also working hard to get bipartisan support for his economic stimulus , Schneider said . "  Mr. Obama does n't have to do that . He could get a stimulus bill passed almost entirely with Democratic votes . But Obama does n't want to be yet another president who divides the country , " he said . The president has been working the phones with his party and made an unusual trip to Capitol Hill to meet with the opposing party to rally support for his $ 825 billion economic aid package . Following a meeting Tuesday with GOP congressman , Obama said he respects the "  legitimate philosophical differences " between Democrats and Republicans on how to stimulate the economy . "  I do n't expect 100 percent agreement , " he said . "  But I hope we can put politics aside . " Watch more on Obama 's economic push " Throughout the election season , Obama campaigned on his plan to restore economic equilibrium , and in his first public remarks after winning the election , he vowed to "  confront this economic crisis head-on . " Obama faces his first test with Congress on Wednesday when the House of Representatives votes on his economic recovery plan . The president has said he hopes to have the plan passed by Congress and on his desk for signing by mid-February . Obama also has wasted no time in putting his military and diplomatic agendas into action . In his first week , he already promised to send as many as 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan to boost the U.S. presence on the ground and increase development and reconstruction assistance . Seeking to demonstrate the Obama administration 's early commitment to the country , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton met last week with Afghan women legal professionals who were in Washington on a State Department training program on justice reform in Afghanistan . Obama also has pledged to crack down on militants in neighboring Pakistan . During the campaign season , Obama received a lot of criticism for saying that if it were necessary to root out terrorists , he would send U.S. forces into Pakistan without the country 's approval . The president has called Afghanistan and Pakistan the "  central front in our enduring struggle against terrorism and extremism , " and Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Tuesday that missile strikes in Pakistan will continue to root out al Qaeda members . "  Let me just say , both President Bush and President Obama have made clear that we will go after al Qaeda wherever al Qaeda is . And we will continue to pursue this , " Gates said . As Obama seeks to stabilize the region , his administration has been advocating multilateralism and stressing "  smart power " diplomacy by using all the tools of foreign policy available . Obama dispatched newly appointed Middle East envoy George Mitchell to the region and tapped diplomatic heavyweight Richard Holbrooke as his special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan . Obama also gave his first formal interview as president to Al-Arabiya , an Arab news channel , sending a message to the region that he wants a dialogue . "  My job to the Muslim world is to communicate that the Americans are not your enemy , " Obama told the Dubai-based satellite television network . "  We sometimes make mistakes . We have not been perfect . " Watch how Obama is reaching out to Muslims " During his run for the White House , Obama pledged to improve ties with the Muslim world , draw down U.S. troops in Iraq and close the detention camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Two days after his inauguration , Obama issued an executive order to close the camp within a year . Another order formally bans torture by requiring that the Army Field Manual be used as the guide for terrorism interrogations , essentially ending the Bush administration 's CIA program of "  enhanced interrogation " methods . Guantanamo Bay and reports of torture there were huge points of contention for the Bush administration and were widely considered to have damaged the reputation of the United States . In another reversal of his predecessor , Obama struck down a rule that prohibited U.S. money from funding international family-planning clinics that promote abortion or provide counseling or referrals about abortion services . In a statement , Obama said that family planning aid has been used as a "  political wedge issue , " adding that he had "  no desire to continue this stale and fruitless debate . " As Obama moves into the second week of his presidency , polls show that most Americans approve of the way he is handling his job so far . Former President Carter said he thinks Obama is "  doing just great . " "  I was particularly gratified that he carried out his promise , which did n't surprise me , that he would start working on the Middle East peace process the first time he was in office and not wait until the last year he was in office , " Carter said on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Carter said he has confidence in Obama on economic issues , but he cautioned that the expectations for the new president are too high . "  I think a lot of the expenditures that will come as rapidly as possible might not occur until maybe 18 months from now -- some earlier . So we 're going to have to be patient , " he said . President Bush also won praise during the first week of his first term for staying on message . He built his first week around education and received positive reviews in the media during his honeymoon period . Bush 's predecessor , however , was not met with such a warm welcome . President Clinton 's showdown with Congress over the question of gays in the military and the withdrawal of his attorney general nominee overshadowed early efforts to move ahead with his agenda .	President Obama faces first test with vote on $ 825 billion economic stimulus plan Obama reverses Bush policy on abortion , orders closing of Guantanamo Bay camp Obama grants first formal interview of his presidency to Arab news channel New administration advocating multilateralism , "  smart power " diplomacy
CNN  -- The video is as short as it is surprising . A hand tilts a glass bottle containing a red glob of ketchup , which -- instead of oozing out in slow motion or getting stuck -- slides out easily , leaving the bottle nearly spotless . Posted last week , the 20-second clip has been viewed more than 125,000 times on YouTube , prompting dozens of news stories and brightening the spirits of impatient ketchup lovers everywhere . But it 's not exactly what Kripa Varanasi had in mind when he and his students at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology set out to develop a new kind of slippery coating that would help de-ice planes , or keep water droplets from sticking to steam turbines in power plants . "  I never thought a ketchup bottle would make us this famous , " said Varanasi , a professor of mechanical engineering at MIT . "  We were all focused on -LSB- solving -RSB- the big problems , like water and energy . " But one of the goals of Varanasi 's MIT lab is to develop potential commercial products , not just publish research in academic journals . The coating , which he and his graduate students call LiquiGlide , seemed more immediately viable as a food-packaging product , he said . LiquiGlide is made from a secret cocktail of edible , nontoxic materials that can be sprayed into bottles or other food containers . Videos on the LiquiGlide site show it working its slippery magic on plastic bottles of jelly and mustard , too . "  You could literally scratch it off and eat it , " Varanasi told CNN in an interview . "  It 's that safe . " LiquiGlide first gained attention earlier this month at MIT 's $ 100K Entrepreneurship Competition , an annual forum for launching academic projects into the commercial marketplace , where it won an Audience Award . Now Varanasi and his students are fielding interview requests , talking to bottling companies , filing for patents and planning to launch a startup this summer . An MIT grad student , Dave Smith , will serve as CEO , Varanasi said . As Varanasi sees it , LiquiGlide offers several benefits : It 's more convenient for consumers , and it makes recycling easier because the bottles are clean . It also wastes less food , because people wo n't be tossing out bottles coated with mustard that they ca n't squeeze out . He also believes LiquiGlide has practical applications beyond condiments , such as high-end cosmetics . Who wants to waste precious drops of $ 50 hand lotion because they ca n't get the stuff out of the bottle ? "  It works on everything we 've tried so far , " Smith told CNN . Varanasi and his students hope to have their product on supermarket shelves within two years . Right now they have momentum on their side , thanks to a deceptively simple idea , a niche nobody realized needed filling -- and a little video . "  It just went viral , " Varanasi said . "  The video sold it . "	MIT professor and his students invent nonstick coating that makes ketchup slide out of the bottle LiquiGlide is made from edible , nontoxic materials that can be sprayed into food containers A YouTube video of the ketchup bottle in action has been viewed more than 125,000 times
CNN  -- World No. 1 Roger Federer got his European clay season up and running at the second attempt with a routine win in his opening match at the Estoril Open in Portugal on Wednesday . The Swiss superstar was upset by young Latvian Ernests Gulbis in Rome last month , but had no such problems against German journeyman Bjorn Phau as he triumphed 6-3 6-4 in the third-tier ATP Tour event . The 28-year-old , returning to the tournament that he won on his debut there in 2008 , will next play another seeded player in Friday 's quarterfinals when he takes on French veteran Arnaud Clement . "  I 'm happy that I came through the first round , it was nice to win , " Federer told reporters . "  Today was a matter of coming through tough situations . I played well when I was down 0-40 and serving for the first set . "  This win was not always beautiful but it does n't matter . I 'm sure my best tennis is not far away . I have a bit of a breather now and I 'm looking forward to Friday . " Federer has now been top of the world rankings for 281 weeks , and if he can stay there for another five he will match the all-time mark of American Pete Sampras . But he has been surpassed by Rafael Nadal on the list of all-time Masters Series titles after the Spaniard won in Rome to match record-holder Andre Agassi on 17 . Nadal is poised to be Federer 's biggest obstacle in his bid to retain his French Open title later this month , having ended an injury-wrecked past 12 months by winning his first two events of this season on clay . Federer 's route to a second success in Estoril has been made easier by the withdrawal of Croatian second seed Ivan Ljubicic , who has pulled out due to the stomach strain that ended the world No. 14 's campaign in Rome . Defending champion Albert Montanes moved into the last eight with a 6-1 6-2 victory against fellow Spaniard Daniel Gimeno-Traver . The fourth seed will next play Uruguayan eight seed Pablo Cuevas , who overcame Spanish qualifier Marcel Granollers 7-6  10-8  7-6  7-2  . Meanwhile , top seed Marin Cilic won his opening match at the BMW Open in Munich , moving into the second round as he completed a rain-delayed 6-4 6-2 victory over Michael Berrer on Wednesday . The Croatian will next play another German , Simon Greul , whose fourth-seeded compatriot Philipp Kohlschreiber also progressed into round two by beating Daniel Brands 6-4 6-4 . Russian second seed Mikhail Youzhny defeated German Andreas Beck 6-3 6-3 to reach the third round , where he faces Jan Hajek of the Czech Republic . Third seed Tomas Berdych moved into the third round , with the Czech defeating Spain 's Pere Riba 7-5 6-1 .	Roger Federer beats Germany 's Bjorn Phau 6-3 6-4 in opening match at Portugal 's Estoril Open World No. 1 bounces back after losing first clay match of 2010 in Rome Swiss star will next play French veteran Arnaud Clement in Friday 's quarterfinals Top seed Marin Cilic wins rain-delayed opening match of BMW Open in Munich
CNN  -- It was a scare no one aboard the Halloween horror cruise expected . A jolt shook the Bahamas Celebration cruise Friday night after the ship hit something at sea , forcing hundreds of costume-clad passengers to evacuate the ship after the vessel apparently lost power . "  At first you kind of thought , maybe this is a Halloween joke and this is supposed to be funny , " said Wally Yoost , 37 , who was in line to get a bingo card with his wife when they felt the ship start to tilt . "  As we were walking out of the room , the whole boat just went black . " Passengers started to panic , he said . "  There was folks crying . ... You could see people were kind of jockeying for the life jackets , " said Armando Fana , 44 . Cindy Parette , 47 , said she 'd been planning to attend a costume contest and go to a zombie ball aboard the Halloween-themed cruise . Instead , she waited for hours to evacuate the ship with her boyfriend . "  It was hot . People became overwhelmed , and there was no food , nothing , " she said . Celebration Cruise Line said in a statement that passengers were told to put on life vests and the ship returned to port after the boat hit something while leaving Grand Bahamas Island around 9 p.m. Friday , "  No passengers were ever in any danger , and everything was handled in an organized and efficient way by ship , corporate and Bahamian personnel , " the cruise line said . Several passengers told CNN the situation aboard the boat was anything but organized . "  One crew member would say one thing , and then another crew member would say something else . ... They had no idea what to do , " Parette said . Hours after the alarm first sounded , passengers made it off the boat , Fana said . His anxious 10-year-old son , dressed in an Iron Man costume , began to cry as rumors swirled about what went wrong . "  We were just sitting there for hours , " he said . Ultimately , passengers were housed in resorts on the island , Celebration said . And Bimini SuperFast helped return the cruise ship 's 960 stranded passengers and crew to Port Miami on Saturday evening , Resorts World Bimini spokeswoman Heather Krasnow said in a statement . Two Celebration cruises scheduled for Saturday and Monday were canceled while damage to the boat is assessed . "  Our focus at this time  is  taking care of our passengers who were on the ship or had planned to be on the ship over the next few days , " Celebration said . Several passengers who 'd been onboard the vessel told CNN Sunday that they were hoping for a refund , or a more detailed explanation of what happened or more of a response from the cruise company . "  When you expect two and a half fun-filled days and you get basically a nightmare for 24 hours , you should at least get an apology or something , " Fana said . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : Passenger : The Halloween cruise was "  basically a nightmare for 24 hours " The ship struck something while leaving Grand Bahamas Island , Celebration says "  No passengers were ever in any danger , " the cruise company says
CANNES , France  CNN  -- After eleven days , hundreds of screenings and thousands of snaps from the paparazzi , there could only be one Palme d'Or winner . Austrian director Michael Haneke hugs the president of the Cannes jury , French actress Isabelle Huppert . "  The White Ribbon , " by Austrian director Michael Haneke , was awarded the prize for its depiction of the cruel punishments meted out at a rural German school before the First World War . "  The Palme d'Or is the best prize a filmmaker can win , " said Haneke at a press conference following his award . "  I am not proud , but I am very happy . In my opinion , it 's silly to be proud . " It was a case of fifth time lucky for Haneke , who has previously been nominated for the award for "  Funny Games "  1997  , "  Code Unknown "  2000  , "  The Piano Teacher "  2001  and "  Hidden "  2005  . "  There are always rumors at the festival , and one must not take them seriously , " the director said . "  When I presented "  Hidden " -LSB- in 2005 -RSB- , everyone was telling me I was going to win the Palme . And I did n't get it . " Jury president Isabelle Huppert , the French actress who won the best actress prize at the 2001 festival for "  The Piano Teacher , " said she was delighted to have the chance to honor her former director . "  I think I always loved him as a director , and that 's why I 've worked with him before , " she said at the post-awards press conference . "  To me , the movie is very philosophical . And his style , and his direction are totally ethical in my mind . That 's what I wanted to reward . " The American actress Robin Wright Penn , who also sat on the festival jury , laughed off rumors that the decision was hotly disputed . "  There have been rumors circulating that we were fighting in the room , " she told the press conference . "  The beauty about loving each other ... -LSB- is that -RSB- we could disagree , and we still love each other . I felt like we built a consensus among us , " she said . "  It was like being on "  Big Brother , " except you could go to the movies , " added British screenwriter and fellow juror Hanif Kureishi . "  Some of the films are very long , " he joked . Elsewhere , Charlotte Gainsbourg won the best actress prize for her shocking turn in Lars von Trier 's "  Antichrist , " featuring scenes of genital mutilation that left audiences stunned . Christolph Waltz won best actor for his role in Quentin Tarantino 's "  Inglourious Basterds , " while Brillante Mendoza secured the best director gong for "  Kinatay . " The jury prize was shared by Korean auteur Park Chan-Wook 's vampire film "  Thirst , " and Andrea Arnold 's "  Fish Tank , " while the grand prix went to "  The Prophet , " by director Jacques Audiard .	"  The White Ribbon , " by Austrian director Michael Haneke , wins Cannes Haneke : Palme d'Or is the best prize a filmmaker can win Jury member , Robin Wright Penn , dismisses claims they were split over winner
CNN  -- World No. 2 Roger Federer will seek to win just his third title this year when he takes on German Florian Mayer in Sunday 's final of the Stockholm Open . The top seed , playing the Swedish event for the first time since his debut there 10 years ago , was tested for the second match in a row as he overcame Ivan Ljubicic 7-6  7-5  6-2 in Saturday 's semifinals . Federer , who was taken to three sets by fellow Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka on Friday , faced again losing the opener but broke the Croatian fourth seed 's serve at 5-4 down . The 29-year-old then won five successive games from 2-1 down in the second set to give himself a chance of adding to his 2010 Australian Open and Cincinnati Masters crowns and 63 career titles . "  I 'd love to win , I 've never won a title in Sweden . That would be something special . But it 's good to win one in any case . It 's a good feeling to walk off court as a winner , " the 16-time Grand Slam champion told reporters . Federer lost to Andy Murray in the final of his last event , the Shanghai Masters , and has only been successful in two of six title matches this year for a 51-12 winning record overall . "  I 've had an amazing run in the past winning 24 straight finals . Maybe this can be the start of another streak , " he said . Mayer , who has lost both previous meetings with Federer , is seeking his first ATP Tour title following final losses in 2005 and 2006 . The world No. 47 followed up his surprise quarterfinal victory over second seed Robin Soderling with a hard-fought 4-6 6-4 7-6  7-3  win against Finland 's Jarkko Nieminen on Saturday . "  I have nothing to lose . I was a little tired today , physically and mentally , " said the 27-year-old , who saved a match-point at 5-4 down in the final set before winning the tie-break . Meanwhile , Soderling will join Federer , Murray , Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic in the end-of-season ATP World Tour Finals in London next month despite his defeat . The Swede , a semifinalist in the season-ending event last year , has qualified for the fifth of eight places due to the schedule of draws made on Saturday for next week 's tournaments in Vienna , St. Petersburg and Montpellier . Last year 's Stockholm champion Marcos Baghdatis reached the final of the Kremlin Cup on Saturday with a 6-4 6-7  5-7  7-6  7-2  win over Uzbekistan 's Denis Istomin . The fourth-seeded Cypriot will face Viktor Troicki on Sunday after the Serbian world No. 43 earlier beat Uruguay 's Pablo Cuevas 6-3 6-3 to reach the third final of his career , having lost his previous two . In the women 's event in Moscow , second seed Victoria Azarenka reached her fourth final of the year with a 6-3 6-3 win over Spanish No. 8 Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez . The 21-year-old world No. 6 will take on sixth seed Maria Kirilenko , who thrashed fellow Russian Vera Dushevina 6-1 6-1 . In the WTA Tour 's Luxembourg Open , German eighth seed Julia Gorges will face Italy 's Roberta Vinci in Sunday 's final . Gorges beat compatriot Angelique Kerber 6-4 3-6 6-1 , while Vinci ended the run of Britain 's world No. 143 Anne Keothavong with a 6-4 6-2 victory .	Roger Federer faces Florian Mayer in the final of the Stockholm Open on Sunday World No. 2 looking to add to his Australian Open and Cincinnati Masters trophies Last year 's Stockholm champion Marcos Baghdatis reaches final of Kremlin Cup World No. 6 Victoria Azarenka plays Maria Kirilenko in women 's final in Moscow
CNN  -- From a distance , it is its shiny exterior that first catches the eye . As you step closer , a rooftop solar panel , an outdoor security light and a roof overhang make Nosango Plaatjie 's shack stand out amid the sprawling cluster of makeshift wooden structures and rusty corrugated iron dwellings where her neighbors live . Welcome to the iShack , or improved shack , an innovative approach to housing that 's being tested in the windswept slum of Enkanini , just outside Stellenbosch , South Africa . The dwelling , developed by researchers at the University of Stellenbosch , is intended to raise the living standards of slum residents while improving their access to electricity and protecting them from extreme temperatures in an environmentally friendly way . Read : ` Solar sisters ' spreading light in Africa The iShack prototype is occupied by Plaatje and her three young children . It is fully equipped with a photovoltaic panel capable of producing enough electricity to power three lights , a mobile phone charger and an outdoor motion detector spotlight . Its windows are strategically placed to achieve better air circulation and sunlight heating , while the roof is sloped so that rainwater can be harvested during the winter months . Recycled cardboard boxes and old Tetra Pak containers are used for insulation between the exterior zinc surface and the interior , while a flame-retardant paint is used to lessen the risk of fires . Inside the shack , rows of recycled bricks create a sturdy flooring base and act as "  thermal mass , " protecting against temperature change . Plaatjie , a domestic worker employed once a week , says her family 's life has improved a great deal after relocating to the ecologically designed iShack . Their previous home was a cold , damp shack hastily put together from disused pallets and corroded zinc sheets . A leaking roof , bare earth floor and lack of windows made conditions even tougher , while the shortage of electricity meant that Plaatje would often miss out on important calls about work as she could n't always walk long distances to charge her phone . "  Now I am available all the time and it is helping me to make more money , " Plaatjie told iShack 's developers . She added : "  The solar -LSB- lights -RSB- are better . Now we do n't need to go to sleep early anymore because now we have lights . My daughter must do her homework now , she does n't have any more excuses . And I like the light outside because we can see what is going on , I feel safer . " Read : Harnessing pedal power to light up Africa According to U.N. Habitat , 62 % of the urban population in Sub-Saharan Africa lives in slums , which it describes as being typically characterized by deplorable living conditions , a feeling of insecurity and inadequate infrastructure for basic energy , sanitation and water services . In South Africa , thousands of informal settlements have sprouted up in recent decades on the urban perimeter . To deal with the pressing housing problem , the government has shifted its emphasis from building new brick and mortar houses toward in-situ upgrading of existing informal settlements and providing access to services . But the iShack 's developers say that slum dwellers usually have to wait for years for power and water grids or low-cost housing to arrive . They say that a growing housing backlog , coupled with budgetary constraints and a surge in urbanization rates , means that poorly serviced dwellings are likely to be part of urban living in South Africa for years to come . "  Shacks are becoming the new norm , " explains Andreas Keller , one of the developers of iShack . "  So what can we do today in order to improve the living conditions of people through energy intervention , lighting , cell phones , communication , upping security ? "  That 's where the planning comes in and the technology takes it one step further . " The developers say the project is a cost-effective solution that shows what communities can achieve in the short term . Excluding the solar power system , the iShack costs about 5,600 rand  $ 660  . The typical cost of a shack in Enkanini can vary from a few rand , when somebody collects materials at the landfill and carries them back to the settlement , all the way up to 5,000 rand  $ 582  on the informal real estate market , says Keller . "  The rationale is that over time the additional cost upfront will be recouped through reduced fuel bill -LSB- and -RSB- greater wellbeing , " he adds . Read : Cape Town takes on Tinseltown Now , thanks to a grant by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , the iShack project will be trialled over the next year . Up to 100 shacks will either be built or retrofitted to determine whether the system can be applied on a larger scale . Keller says that as the project grows , community members trained in maintaining and repairing the solar power systems will be able to sell affordable energy to other residents . This will help them earn a living and also pay for new batteries for the iShacks . "  We need to encourage the informal settlers , the slum dwellers , to invest into this infrastructure themselves , " says Keller . "  We can not rely on a passive population to simply sit there and expect governments to solve their problems , so we need to make sure that any investments that they 've made wo n't become redundant in the future . "	The iShack aims to improve living conditions for people in slums The ` shack ' is equipped with a solar panel that can power lights and a mobile phone charger The project will be scaled up using a grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation U.N. Habitat : More than 60 % of Sub-Saharan Africa 's urban population lives in slums
CNN  -- Where would Tiger Woods be without his agent ? The golfer 's crown as one of the world 's wealthiest and most successful sportsmen may have slipped somewhat , but he knows who helped get him there in the first place . When Mark Steinberg departed from IMG last month after his contract expired , Woods decided to stick with the man he has worked with since 1998 rather than stay with the company that has done more than most to boost golfers ' incomes . The move underlined the importance that such "  super agents " have in the modern game of golf . The focus of the game may always be the battle fought on fairways and greens , but the side of the sport that is away from public gaze is of increasing importance . Whether it 's navigating the pitfalls of fame , cutting lucrative behind-the-scenes deals with sponsors , managing media appearances or just providing support to an athlete on a long , grueling Tour -- agents are crucial to the life of a top golfer . If you watch this week 's U.S. Open , you will no doubt notice Andrew "  Chubby " Chandler . With his mahogany tan , broad grin and even broader waistline , the 58-year-old cuts quite a dash on the golf course . Tiger leaves IMG , stays loyal to agent At Augusta in April , it was Chandler who bear-hugged Charl Schwartzel as the South African celebrated Masters victory . And Chandler who defended Rory McIlroy after the young Northern Irishman 's challenge imploded on that final day . Chandler 's company , International Sports Management  ISM  , represents two of golf 's four reigning major champions , and has four players inside the world 's top 20 . Not much happens in the sport without him knowing about it first . "  There 's no question Chubby 's a massive influence in golf right now , " Golf World magazine editor Chris Jones said . "  He could bring down a tournament if his biggest players decided not to play in it . Potentially , that 's a dangerous amount of power to hold . " The rise of ISM has coincided with a global power shift in golf . Five years ago , three of the four major champions were American , and all three were members of the PGA Tour . Today the U.S. is empty-handed . The four majors are held by two South Africans , in Schwartzel and British Open winner Louis Oosthuizen , a German in Martin Kaymer  U.S. PGA Championship  , and an Irishman in Graeme McDowell  U.S. Open  . The PGA Tour still have three major holders as members -- in McDowell , Schwartzel and Oosthuizen -- but with Kaymer , along with Chandler stars McIlroy and England 's World No. 1 Lee Westwood , opting to concentrate on the European Tour instead , the PGA Tour lost out on the memberships of two the top three players in the rankings , and three of the top 10 . New breed of super agents The power base has shifted across the Atlantic . And from a management perspective , the traditionally all-powerful IMG agency has been forced to concede some influence . McDowell is managed by Connor Ridge of Horizon Management in Ireland , while Kaymer is with Johan Elliot of Swedish-based Sportyard AB . IMG , meanwhile , is without a major winner but it does represent England 's Luke Donald -- the latest world No. 1 in succession to Westwood and Kaymer following the fall of Woods . No wonder Chandler was smiling when we met at London 's exclusive Jumeirah Hotel -- dressed in a slick gray suit and open shirt after yet another day of wall-to-wall meetings . "  You think we 're powerful , do you ... I was hoping nobody noticed that , " Chandler said . "  We 've certainly got influence , but I do n't think we use it unfairly . I do n't think it 's an unhealthy situation . " Snubbing the "  fifth major " Not everybody would agree . When McIlroy and Westwood announced they would skip the PGA Tour 's flagship event , The Players Championship in Florida , Chandler and his players were widely criticized . "  Moving it to the middle of May has made it about the 10th most important tournament in the world , " Chandler said . "  It is n't a priority for them as they would rather win a major or a World Golf Championship event . " If this was Chandler against the PGA Tour , then he was n't pulling his punches . He wanted the best for his players , and the best meant pulling two of his biggest draws from one of the highest-profile tournaments in the world . Even if it was n't intentional , it was a quite a power play . Chubby the fixer Chandler 's evolution to a super agent began in his 15 years as a journeyman professional golfer , where he earned a reputation as a man who sourced cheap flights and did things on a budget . It turned out he was a far better fixer than he was a golfer , and when he retired in 1989 , aged just 36 , he set up a management agency to make the most of his talents . "  My big break was when I got a call from Darren Clarke to meet him over in Ireland in 1990 , " Chandler said . "  We shook hands on a deal and when I saw him play for the first time I thought , ` Wow , this guy can really play , we 've got a proper business now . ' " Word spread quickly , and a week later Chandler got a phone call from Westwood 's father , who wanted to show him a video of his son 's swing . A cup of tea later , Westwood joined ISM , and the foundations were in place for his empire . Chubby 's empire Two decades on and ISM now looks after the interests of 48 golfers , 20 cricketers , 41 footballers and a Paralympic gold medallist . It employs around 30 people and has offices in the UK , India , South Africa and Florida -- plus a new base recently acquired in Manhattan , New York . Chandler 's profile has reached such a level that he regularly gets autograph requests at tournaments -- much to the amusement of the likes of Westwood and Clarke . And much as ISM is a lot more than the one-man show it began life as in 1989 , it 's hard to imagine its existence without the showman and ringleader who heads up the operation . "  I am what I am . I 'm straight shooter and I 'm blessed with a fair amount of common sense -- which stands me in good stead , " Chandler said . And there speaks arguably the biggest player in golf today .	Andrew "  Chubby " Chandler is a former professional golfer who set up agency ISM The 58-year-old manages the likes of Ernie Els , Rory McIlroy and Lee Westwood ISM represents major champions Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel Chandler 's growing influence has sparked concerns that he is too powerful in golf
Gannett  -- With more than a million units sold in its first month , there 's no question Apple 's much-hyped iPad is here to stay . But is this 9.7-inch touch-screen tablet as ideal for playing games as it is for reading electronic books , surfing the web , watching video or typing out homework ? Absolutely . Spend just five minutes with your fingers on a high-definition iPad game and you 'll know why it 's a winner . And hey , a 12-hour battery for gamers on the go does n't hurt either . Keep in mind the iPad will also work with most of the games already available for theiPhone and iPod Touch . Whether you already own an iPad or plan on buying one , the following are four examples of extraordinarygame applications available for purchase at the App Store  itunes.com  . Note : Most iPad games are not rated by the Entertainment Software Rating Board  ESRB  , but please see our recommended age for each title below . Brothers in Arms 2 : Global Front HD  Gameloft ; $ 7.99 ; for teens ; 2.5 stars out of 4 The celebrated World War II action series has made its iPad debut , allowing you to battle against computer-controlled enemies in the solo story mode or online with up to five friends on a handful of multiplayer maps . Use your fingers to move your squad throughout the war-torn environments  including hot spots in North Africa , Normandy , Italy , Germany and the Pacific  , pick the best places to duck for cover and use a number of weapons , including sniper rifles , machine guns , bazookas and flame throwers . You can also hop into a vehicle , such as a tank or jeep , to press your way across enemy lines . Scrabble  $ 9.99 ; Electronic Arts ; for everyone ; 3 stars out of 4 This high-tech twist on the classic crossword board game can be played in one of four ways : against the game 's artificial intelligence ; versus a friend beside you in a Pass n ' Play mode ; over Wi-Fi  including social networking support , such as Facebook integration  ; or in a new Party Play mode , in which up to four players can manage their tiles on an iPhone or iPod Touch and then wirelessly play their words on the nearby iPad game board . The goal of Scrabble , of course , is to collect as many points as possible by spelling out words from letter tiles in your hand , each of which is worth a certain number of points . The player with the highest number of points at the end of the game wins . The only downside ? The relatively steep cost of $ 10 for the app . Pinball HD  GameProm ; $ 2.99 ; for everyone ; 3 stars out of 4 One of the most popular apps on the iPad is a nod to the ol' silver ball . "  Pinball HD , " as you 'd expect , is a high-definition collection of pinball games for the iPad . The game ships with three tables to play on -- "  Wild West , " "  The Deep " and "  Jungle Style " -- and each one boasts great-looking graphics , including support for anaglyph 3-D glasses  not included  . See the entire table in the landscape mode  holding the iPad horizontally  or by toggling between a close-up "  flying table " view and full table view when the iPad is held vertically  slide both your thumbs up or down the screen to toggle the camera view  . With its ball physics , built-in help and a local and global high-score board , "  Pinball HD " is a great pick for players of all ages . Angry Birds HD  Chillingo ; $ 4.99 ; for everyone ; 3.5 stars out of 4 One of the most popular iPhone games is now available in high-definition for the iPad , and with a few extra feathery features , too . In case you have n't played the original , a group of scheming green pigs have stolen eggs from a bird 's nest -- and now the winged warriors are calling for revenge . This physics-based puzzle game has you flinging birds out of a giant slingshot from the left side of the screen to the right , and you must aim just so , with the ideal amount of force , to destroy all the pigs within the allotted number of turns per level . Each of the five bird types have their own unique skills that can also be used to topple the pigs ' elaborate houses , leaving the swine exposed for a final blow .	The iPad 's 12-hour battery for gamers on the go makes the device perfect for games iPads will work with most of the games already available for the iPhone/iPod Touch "  Brothers in Arms 2 : Global Front HD , " "  Scrabble " and "  Angry Birds HD " are all great buys
The Nintendo Wii U has seen its star dim somewhat since its launch in November 2012 . Worldwide sales numbers for the console have been disappointing and some gamers have complained that the number of desirable games for the system has n't grown quickly enough . However , the man who brought to life Nintendo legends like Mario , Link and Donkey Kong is preaching patience with the console , saying the Wii U , with its touchscreen controller that augments big-screen play , is so different that it will take time for people to understand its real value . Shigeru Miyamoto is Nintendo 's most successful video game designer , creating some of the world 's most popular franchises with "  Donkey Kong , " "  Super Mario Bros. , " "  The Legend of Zelda " and "  Pikmin " before eventually turning his attention to the Wii U and Nintendo 3DS . Through a translator , Miyamoto told CNN.com that having a second screen for gaming in the living room is a new experience for gamers . He said the touchscreen interface with the Wii U Gamepad controller , combined with the main-screen action on a television , opens up options that have never been possible . "  The challenge that we had was if someone wanted to view television , then you could n't play games . We wanted to have a second screen for Wii U that would make it possible for people to essentially play games even if something else was on the TV , " Miyamoto said . Skepticism about the Wii U sounds familiar , Miyamoto said . When Nintendo released its now-popular handheld DS portable gaming system in 2004 , lots of early reviews predicted it would fail . "  There was a period when we first released the Nintendo DS that people would say there 's no way people can look at two screens at once , " he said . "  I almost feel like , as people get more familiar with Wii U and these touchscreen interfaces , that there is going to come a point where they feel like ' I ca n't do everything I want to do if I do n't have a second screen ' . " Review : Nintendo Wii U -- a tale of two screens With the inclusion of nongaming apps for the Wii U , the gaming console appears to be positioning itself as a hub for more than just games . Netflix , Skype and Nintendo TV apps all point to offering more variety in entertainment without having to change devices . Miyamoto said that while the Wii U does offer more choices for families , it does n't necessarily need to be the center of entertainment . "  I feel a device like Wii U , with its ability to continue to offer new features and that network connection and the connection to the TV and the interface , really makes it feel that it 's more than just a game machine , but something that offers a lot of practical use and practical purpose in the living room , " he said . "  I look at it as being a very useful device that can do many different things and therefore really seems to be the device that 's ideal to have in the living room . " Problems with updates and console crashes plagued the Wii U early on . Miyamoto agrees there is room for improvement in some facets of the Wii U , but points out that Nintendo is working on solutions sooner rather than later . "  Our immediate objective over the next few months is to improve the Wii U system and make it a little more stable , a little bit more convenient to use from a system standpoint , " Miyamoto said . "  Miiverse  a sort of social network that lets players interact  is an example of an ongoing project . We really wanted to be able to leverage Miiverse in something like ` New Super Mario Bros. . U. ' We 're obviously still early on in it and just trying things out , but so far , it does feel like the community itself is doing a very good job of being a warm and welcoming place for people . " "  The other thing I think about is how do we begin getting people to understand that and convey the usefulness of Wii U to them . For me as a game developer , obviously I look at Wii U from the perspective of what games I can bring to Wii U. " In the short term , Miyamoto said "  Pikmin 3 " and "  The Legend of Zelda : The Wind Waker " will be released for the Wii U and other games that bring a Nintendo-esque style of play will also be released later this year . Nintendo announced 2013 as the Year of Luigi and plans to release several games featuring Mario 's little brother prominently . It also happens to be the 30th year since Luigi first appeared in the original "  Mario Bros. " arcade game . "  Luigi Mansion : Dark Moon " for the Nintendo 3DS is the first of these titles to highlight the timid plumber . Miyamoto said he wanted to display how different Luigi is from Mario while at the same time upgrading the first GameCube game with a second screen . "  The original GameCube game was sort of a mix -- these ghost events and exploration of the mansion , " Miyamoto said . "  But with the map there now  on the second screen  and to always see the map as you are exploring , the exploration feature and really exploring the mansion itself takes on a much bigger role in this game . " He also let slip that another historic character will be making an appearance in the game . "  Toad  a recurring Mario franchise character  does make some appearances . Maybe I 'm not supposed to say that .  laughs  It 's going to be very fun when Toad appears . " When looking to the future of the video games industry , Miyamoto sees the promise of continued success . He points out that video games are now something everyone expects to exist instead of just a phase or fad of entertainment . "  The fact that we 've reached an age where video games are being received the way they are just makes me very grateful , " Miyamoto said . "  There was a time when people always asked , when is the video game boom going to end ? We 've reached a stage where there 's no longer a question of when the boom 's going to end . "  It is simply : there are video games . "	Shigeru Miyamoto designed "  Super Mario Bros. " and other top Nintendo games Miyamoto says skepticism about the Wii U reminds him of Nintendos DS games New "  Zelda , " "  Luigi " games are coming for the console
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A Los Angeles judge on Thursday denied Shelly Sterling 's request to prevent estranged husband Donald Sterling and his legal team from contacting witnesses in the couple 's court battle over whether she controls the Los Angeles Clippers . Shelly Sterling has a pending court case in which she is asking a judge to uphold her negotiated sale of the couple 's ownership of the NBA team despite her husband 's objections . She and her attorneys accused her husband of making a death threat against one of her lawyers and leaving intimidating threats against two doctors who certified Donald Sterling as mentally incapacitated . On Thursday morning , Shelly Sterling and her attorneys asked for a court protection order for those individuals and other witnesses , but later in the day , Judge Michael Levanas rejected the request , saying that her assertions do n't "  rise to the level of great and irreparable injury . " "  It is probably no surprise to anyone that this case might involve high emotions and some litigation posturing , " the judge wrote . "  The court respectfully asks all parties and counsel to tone down the pre-trial communications between parties , witnesses and counsel as this case will be decided on the relevant and admissible evidence provided at the time of the trial . " Attorneys for Donald Sterling told CNN they opposed the motion for a protective order . A probate court trial is scheduled for early July on whether Shelly Sterling can sell the basketball team to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer for $ 2 billion . Shelly Sterling is asking the court to uphold her deal with Ballmer . The NBA ordered the sale of the team after Donald Sterling 's recorded racist remarks to a companion were made public . Shelly Sterling : We 're just business partners Accusations of threats In court papers filed Thursday , Shelly Sterling accused her husband of threatening one of her attorneys by shouting over the phone , "  I am going to take you out , O'Donnell ! " according to documents filed Thursday in a Los Angeles probate court . The attorney , Pierce O'Donnell , said he took the remarks as a death threat . Donald Sterling also allegedly left threatening voice mail messages for two physicians who certified him as mentally incapacitated , according to court papers . The two physicians are witnesses in next month 's probate court trial that was sought by Shelly Sterling . When asked for a response , Donald Sterling 's attorney , Max Blecher , said "  Mr. Sterling means no harm and he just has a short fuse . " Shelly Sterling 's maneuver to seek a probate court trial comes as three physicians say Donald Sterling , 80 , is mentally incapacitated , O'Donnell has said . Court papers say her husband shows early Alzheimer 's or other brain disease . But Donald Sterling allegedly left "  threatening voice mail messages last week " for two of the physicians , Dr. James Edward Spar and Dr. Meril S. Platzer , who earlier examined Sterling and deemed him incapacitated , according to Shelly Sterling 's legal documents filed in court . Donald Sterling 's message to Platzer on June 9 stated , "  I 'm gon na see that you lose your license " and "  I 'm going to sue you for a large sum , I guarantee you , " according to court papers and an audio recording of the message provided by Shelly Sterling 's attorneys . Donald Sterling left a profanity-laced message for Spar with threats to "  have you lose your license " and "  get you fired " and "  have your insurance company call me , " according to documents . Donald Sterling 's voice mail to Spar also stated , "  I 'll show you what I think of you when I see you in court ! " according to court papers . "  I 'm not competent . You 're ... incompetent you stupid ... doctor , " Donald Sterling allegedly said , according to a recording provided by Shelly Sterling 's attorneys . "  There 's an ethical issue here . ... How dare you give my records to a lawyer for the purpose of using it against me ? " On the audio recording , Donald Sterling states his name and leaves his phone number . But Donald Sterling waived all doctor-patient confidentiality and privacy in connection with his mental evaluation , Shelly Sterling 's attorneys said in court papers . Another attorney for Donald Sterling , Bobby Samini , then sent a letter to each of the two physicians that accused them of being "  part of a conspiracy " and threatening them with litigation seeking "  damages for your illegal conduct , " according to documents filed by Shelly Sterling 's attorneys . The documents said Samini demanded that the doctors stop communicating with anyone other than Donald Sterling about his medical condition . An ` upset ' Donald Sterling When asked about Thursday 's legal filings , Samini told reporters that the public release of medical information is a distressing experience . "  He was upset his medical records were disseminated , " Samini said . The two physicians who examined Donald Sterling did n't have his permission to talk to third parties , Samini said . Speaking about Donald Sterling 's overall reaction , Samini stated : "  I was shocked by how tempered he maintained himself . " NBA commissioner Adam Silver banned the Clippers ' co-owner for life and fined him $ 2.5 million after the comments went public . Sterling responded by suing the NBA for $ 1 billion . The real estate mogul bought the Los Angeles Clippers in 1981 for about $ 12 million . Source : Donald Sterling hires private investigators to probe NBA Donald Sterling says NBA officials are ` bullies , ' ` hypocrites , ' ` monsters '	NEW : Judge says it 's "  no surprise " the case has "  high emotions " and "  posturing " NEW : Judge asks parties "  to tone down the pre-trial communications " Donald Sterling tells wife 's attorney : "  I am going to take you out , O'Donnell ! " Sterling allegedly left intimidating voice-mail messages for two doctors
Farnborough , England  CNN  -- It was only a matter of time before someone shrunk the dazzling computer wizardry used to pilot a fighter jet into a device the size of an iPhone . We 're not there just yet , but aviation engineers have unveiled a semi-working prototype they say will soon allow pilots to carry cockpit technology in their flight suit . The Aviation Warrior , created by U.S. defense contractor Raytheon , was among a raft of new aircraft gadgets on display at the UK 's Farnborough Airshow that appear to be adapting technology popularized by phones and tablet computer devices to fly modern jets . CNN was given a first glimpse of Raytheon 's revolutionary system on the sidelines of the event . If it proves successful , it could mean the difference between life and death for a pilot downed behind enemy lines . Read more : Flypasts and spaceships : Farnborough 2012 takes off The Aviation Warrior uses a rugged processor the size of a chunky smart phone which is said to be as powerful as a laptop . This powers a heads-up display on the pilot 's helmet and a small screen on their wrist . Using these , a pilot can view full-color terrain maps and virtual images of the landscape around them on displays that adjust as they move their heads . Their helmets also relay surround-sound audio alerts , giving directional warnings of incoming missiles . Already an advance on current in-cockpit systems , the Warrior technology will enable pilots to navigate through "  brown out " conditions when dust or bad weather obscure land and hazardous buildings . It will also pinpoint enemy and friendly positions . But whereas existing equipment must be left behind if the aircraft goes down and the pilot becomes separated -- now they can take the technology on the hoof . "  All the information they would typically have in a cockpit , with this new system they have it on their person , so when they leave the aircraft , they still have it with them , " John D. Harris , president of Raytheon Technical Services , told CNN . Infographic : Up in the air : Aviation industry in numbers Theoretically , the Warrior system could have been utilized in situations such as the notorious MrkonjiÄ ‡ Grad incident during the 1990s Balkans conflict . U.S. Air Force pilot Scott O'Grady spent six days on the run from Serb patrols , eating grass and grubs to survive , after ejecting over Serb territory in June 1995 . His ordeal was loosely adapted into the Hollywood movie "  Behind Enemy Lines , " starring Owen Wilson . "  Instead of the hide and seek of previous conflicts , particularly the Vietnam war , where a pilot would hunker down and wait for rescue , they now know how to get  to  safety , " said Harris . The Warrior system 's wrist display uses the same "  pinch-to-zoom " touch screens found on iPhones -- something its manufacturers believe will make it popular with pilots . Touch screens are becoming increasingly popular in cockpits , replacing the enormous banks of complicated dials and switches used to control some modern aircraft . French aerospace company Thales used Farnborough to unveil a programmable touch screen that allows pilots to customize and upgrade controls . So far , investment in the experimental Warrior system is relatively small . The U.S. military has awarded Raytheon a $ 4.7 million research and development contract . But if rolled out across helicopter and fixed-wing fleets , it could prove big business . Watch : Three CEOs in a cockpit Harris refuses to discuss Warrior 's battery life -- an issue that blights user of many modern smart phones fitted with satellite tracking and other power-draining apps -- saying only that it meets military operational requirements . He also declines to reveal its price , but Raytheon Tech 's chief engineer Todd Lovell insists its use of commercially-available components makes it relatively low cost . "  We 're using off-the-shelf items that are cheap and simple to upgrade , " he said . Added Harris : "  It 's about leveraging what 's commercially available . We 're introducing this in an austere environment and we 're acutely aware of that . "	Future military tech may include the ability to pilot a fighter jet using an iphone-sized device Raytheon displayed new aircraft gadgets this week including the "  Aviation Warrior " "  Aviation Warrior " tech will allow downed pilots to navigate enemy terrain after leaving their aircraft
ESTEROS DEL IBERA , Argentina  CNN  -- When Doug Tompkins wants to drop in on his neighbor , the best way to do so -- in fact , the only way to do so -- is to fire up his Cessna 206 and fly across the vast subtropical wetlands that he owns in this remote corner of northeastern Argentina . Doug Tompkins and his wife Kris have dedicated their lives to land conservation in Argentina and Chile . I 'm along for the ride with Tompkins , and I must admit , I 'm nervous . Not only is this six-seater the smallest airplane I 've ever been in , but it 's also windy outside -- and storm clouds are gathering . Not to worry , my pilot assures me . "  I 've been a pilot longer than you 've been alive , " says Tompkins , 66 . And it 's true . During the flight we pass a thousand feet over the wetlands , and I watch the landscape change rapidly below : Long , thin lagoons slice through thick fields of brown marsh . Tiny floating islands sit engulfed by lush green prairies . With his keen eye , Tompkins spots a lone marsh deer , knee-deep in water , munching on grass . More than 350 bird species live in the wetlands , which is roughly the size of Belgium . "  It 's a hotspot for biodiversity . It 's full of creatures . Aquatic creatures . Creatures flying in the air , and on the ground . So its conservation is important : To Argentina and to the world , " he says . I traveled to the Esteros del Ibera -- which means ` shining water ' in the Guarani language -- to profile Tompkins and his wife , Kris , for CNN International 's "  Going Green " series . We are highlighting "  Green Pioneers " from around the world , and Doug and Kris Tompkins certainly fit the bill . For the past twenty years they have dedicated their lives to land conservation in Argentina and Chile . Their method is simple : Buy up huge swaths of land , restore their eco-systems , slow development , and then donate the land to governments as national parks . Wildlife philanthropy has existed in the United States for more than a century , but here in South America , this type of charity is not common -- and is even viewed with suspicion by some . "  South America does n't have a long tradition of conservation philanthropy . There have n't been a lot of people from the private sector that have said ` Look , we 're willing to buy land and turn it back over to the government and make parklands ' -- but slowly it catches up , " he says . Tompkins made a fortune as the founder of The North Face and Esprit clothing companies . In 1990 , he cashed in his shares in Esprit , making millions in the process . Kris soon followed suit , ending her 18-year stint as CEO of the Patagonia outdoor clothing company . "  The fashion business is not the business to be in if you 're trying to contribute to diminishing the impact on nature , " Doug says . Through their Conservation Land Trust and Conservacion Patagonica organizations , the Tompkins have purchased approximately 900,000 hectares in Argentina and Chile , spending $ 275 million dollars of their own money in the process . They have already helped establish two national parks in the wind-swept Patagonia region : Argentina 's Monte Leon National Park and Chile 's Corcovado National Park . They are hard at work on several other ambitious projects , including the Esteros del Ibera , which the Tompkins hope to one day turn into Argentina 's largest national park . "  Buying land , conserving it and shepherding it towards national park status , yes , it is probably legitimate to call us pioneers , " says Kris , 59 . Still , the Tompkins ' conservation work is not applauded by all . There has been fierce opposition to their efforts in both Argentina and Chile by those weary of the growing presence of foreign landowners in South America . In addition to the Tompkins , clothing magnet Luciano Benetton , actor Sylvester Stallone and CNN founder Ted Turner also own huge areas of land in Argentina . As anti-American sentiment has grown here over the past decade , the Tompkins have been accused of many things . "  There were really wild allegations that we were creating a Jewish state , though we do n't happen to be Jewish . That we were creating a nuclear waste dump for the U.S. . That we were creating a passage for Argentina to finally militarily overtake Chile . All these things are society 's ways of beginning to accommodate new ideas , " says Kris . Just getting to the Esteros del Ibera is a challenge . My journey started with a 10-hour , 700-km overnight bus ride from my home in Buenos Aires to the small town of Mercedes in Corrientes Province . From there , cameraman Eduardo Aragona and I drove two hours on a bumpy , red-dirt road to arrive at the Estancia Rincon del Socorro , the traditional Argentine ranch that the Tompkins operate , and where guests from around the globe come to get up-close looks at rare species of capybara , caiman , deer and scores of birds . "  We are trying to restore the place and bring back the species that were already extinct , like the anteater . And we are working with the Pampas deer , which is a very endangered species . And perhaps in some years we will bring back the jaguar , that is our big dream , " says Sofia Heinonen , a wildlife biologist who heads the Conservation Land Trust 's initiatives here . While the Tompkins are heroes in most environmental circles , some activists and political leaders have labeled Doug as arrogant , eccentric and out-of-touch with the pressing needs of humans . He told me that he does what he does because he feels the need to "  pay rent " for living on planet earth . "  The reality is that nature does n't care about human economies , or social justice or whatever problems exists within the realms of human beings . It 's just responding to impacts -- and we have to deal with those impacts one way or another , " he says . Tompkins ' way is to use his deep pockets to drive his even deeper commitment to conservation -- one hectare and one animal at a time .	Doug and Kris Tompkins have dedicated their lives to land conservation Using money earned through clothing business to buy land under threat They have purchased approx . 900,000 hectares in Argentina and Chile Some suspicious of their motivations , conspiracy theories abound
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic sat out the doubles and saw his Serbian team fall 2-1 behind in the Davis Cup final Saturday as the Czech pair of Tomas Berdych and Radek Stepanek outplayed Ilija Bozoljac and Nenad Zimonjic in Belgrade . Berdych and Stepanek silenced the home crowd to win 6-2 6-4 7-6 in two hours and 12 minutes as the holders took a crucial advantage against Serbia , the 2010 champions . Serbia captain Bogdan Obradovic kept faith with Bozoljac and Zimonjic , who became the oldest man to play in a Davis Cup final at the age of 37 , resisting the temptation to field ATP World Tour Finals winner Djokovic . The home pair had beaten the No. 1 ranked Bryan brothers as Serbia beat the United States earlier this year , but failed to repeat that form against a formidable Czech pair . Berdych and the 34-year-old Stepanek , outstanding on the day , took their record to 14-1 in the Davis Cup and were only threatened in a tense third set , which went to a tiebreak . They eventually took it 7-4 to leave their fans celebrating wildly in the Belgrade Arena , with Berdych , who plays Djokovic in the first reverse singles Sunday , saying all the pressure was on the World No. 2 with his team trailing . "  We just put all the pressure on them and we are in the best possible position after Saturday . I have nothing to lose . It 's a huge challenge to play Novak on his own court , " he told the official Davis Cup website . If Djokovic does level the scores at 2-2 , Stepanek will face a deciding singles match against inexperienced World No 117 Dusan Lasovic . "  I have full belief in Tomas that he can do it tomorrow . He has a shot . Novak will be under pressure tomorrow , " believed Stepanek . His captain Vladimir Safarik , standing in for the ill Jaroslav Navratil , was overjoyed by their victory . "  I am crying . These guys are unbelievable . Their record is amazing . We are 2-1 up and it 's just one step tomorrow , " he added . Serbia have been weakened by the loss of key players Janko Tipsarevic , through injury and Viktor Troicki , who is serving a reduced one-year doping ban , but Djokovic , unbeaten in 23 matches since the U.S. Open , will be favorite to level the tie Sunday then hope Lasovic can pull off an upset .	Czech Republic take 2-1 lead in Davis Cup final in Belgrade Tomas Berdych and Radek Stepanek win crucial doubles Serbia rest Novak Djokovic ahead of reverse singles Berdych and Stepanek beat Bozoljac and Zimonjic in straight sets
New York  CNN  -- One wily coyote traveled a bit too far from home , and its resulting adventure through Harlem had alarmed residents doing a double take and scampering to get out of its way Wednesday morning . Police say frightened New Yorkers reported the coyote sighting around 9:30 a.m. , and an emergency service unit was dispatched to find the animal . The little troublemaker was caught and tranquilized in Trinity Cemetery on 155th street and Broadway , and then taken to the Wildlife Conservation Society at the Bronx Zoo , authorities said . "  The coyote is under evaluation and observation , " said Mary Dixon , spokesperson for the Wildlife Conservation Society . Dixon said the coyote is a female , between 1 and 2 years old . She said the Department of Environmental Conservation will either send the animal to a rescue center or put it back in the wild . According to Adrian Benepe , New York City Parks Commissioner , coyotes in Manhattan are rare , but not unheard of . "  This is actually the third coyote that has been seen in the last 10 years , " Benepe said . Benepe said there is a theory the coyotes make their way to the city from suburban Westchester . He said they probably walk down the Amtrak rail corridor along the Hudson River or swim down the Hudson River until they get to the city .	Harlem residents scamper to get out of the coyote 's way Wednesday Coyote caught , tranquilized in Trinity Cemetery on 155th street and Broadway Speculation is coyote made its way to Harlem via Amtrak tracks or swam in Hudson
CNN  -- Better late than never . Jerome Boateng , the man who once wore the blue of Manchester City , struck an 89th minute winner as Bayern Munich claimed a dramatic 1-0 victory in its opening game of the European Champions League . It was a goal which had seldom looked like coming given Bayern 's profligacy in front of goal and the inspired performance of Joe Hart , the Manchester City goalkeeper . For 88 minutes , Bayern , champion in 2013 , laid siege to the City goal with Hart producing save after save to thwart the German side . And then , with 89 minutes on the clock , Bayern finally made the breakthrough courtesy of Boateng . City , so disciplined in defense and having worked tirelessly throughout , failed to clear its lines and when the ball dropped to Boateng , the defender unleashed an unstoppable effort which brushed off the back of Mario Gotze and flew into the top corner . It was harsh on a City side , which although rarely looked like winning the contest , played with a determination and tenacity which almost earned it a point . For all the hype surrounding the fixture , this game failed to catch light with both teams struggling to produce their best form . Bayern , which was beaten on home turf by City in the group stage last season , wasted a number of opportunities to win the tie on a frustrating night at the Allianz Arena . But Boateng 's late strike provided welcome relief and left City 's players crushed . "  We fought hard all night against a good team , " Hart told Sky Sports . "  You know what you get when you come here . "  A nasty deflection at the end has done us and Jerome Boateng comes back to haunt us . "  It would have been well deserved draw , we made them work hard for everything . " City will now hope to record successes against Italian side Roma and Russian club CSKA Moscow if it is to have any chance of qualifying for the last-16 . Manuel Pellegrini 's side is more than capable of progressing to the next round and while defeat will be hard to take , it showed more than enough to suggest it can still enjoy success in this competition . Last season , City endured a disastrous opening 12 minutes at the Allianz Arena in which it conceded twice and threatened to implode . That it did not spoke volumes for the resilience and character of Pellegrini 's players , who staged a sublime fightback to claim an unlikely 3-2 victory . On this occasion , it was indebted to its goalkeeper , Joe Hart , who produced a series of outstanding saves to keep Bayern on bay . Having already squandered a fine opportunity within the opening minute after Thomas Muller failed to convert from close range , Bayern was frustrated further by Hart . The England international produced a remarkable stop to deny Muller after the Bayern man 's thumping header appeared certain to find the net . Hart was then called upon once again to push deal with Gotze 's deflected effort as the home side exerted its dominance . City , which has failed to win either of its previous two Premier League games , was beginning to creak under the pressure and Hart was forced to palm away David Alaba 's fierce drive . Bayern , which was humiliated on its last Champions League appearance by eventual winner Real Madrid last season , continued to dominate the tie . Robert Lewandowski , an off - season signing from rival Borussia Dortmund , was next to go close , running in behind the defense before dragging his effort wide from a tight angle . Bayern , without the injured Franck Ribery , continued to pressurize City after the interval but struggled to create a clear opportunity . And when it did , with 20 minutes remaining , Hart was in the right place at the right time to thwart Muller from close range . City , which had rarely looked like threatening , might have stolen victory late on had the referee awarded a penalty when Mehdi Benatia appeared to foul David Silva . But Bayern survived and only another wonderful save by Hart prevented Boateng 's rasping effort from nestling in the far corner . That save appeared to have ensured City would escape with a point as the clock ticked down . But there was still one more twist in the tale and when City failed to clear Philipp Lahm 's cross , Boateng struck a powerful effort which took the faintest of deflections off Gotze 's back and flew past Hart . Boateng , who spent one season at City before moving to Munich in 2011 , wheeled away down the touchline to celebrate with his manager , Pep Guardiola . Sergio Aguero , so often City 's savior , almost carved out a late equalizer at the death but he struck his effort wide of the post after running through on goal . In the group 's other game , Roma , which takes on City next , thrashed CSKA Moscow 5-1 . Elsewhere , Barcelona gained a 1-0 win over Cypriot minnow Apoel , Chelsea was held 1-1 by Schalke and Ajax recorded a 1-1 draw with Paris Saint-Germain . Porto was the big winner of the night in Group H with a 6-0 victory over BATE Borisov .	Bayern Munich defeats Manchester City 1-0 Jerome Boateng scores 89th minute winner Barcelona defeats Apoel 1-0 at Camp Nou Chelsea held to 1-1 draw by Schalke
CNN  -- A former "  top cop , " who had the honor of sitting next to first lady Michelle Obama during a televised presidential speech four years ago , is facing rape allegations . Richard DeCoatsworth left a party with two women on Thursday , according to authorities . The women called authorities and said once they arrived at a second , undisclosed location , the retired officer pulled a gun on them , the Philadelphia Police Department said in a statement . He allegedly forced them "  to engage in the use of narcotics and to engage in sexual acts , " the statement said . He was charged with rape on Saturday . DeCoatsworth became a hero in 2007 , after an assailant shot him in the face with a shotgun , according to a White House statement preceding President Barack Obama 's 2009 speech to Congress . Then a rookie on the Philadelphia police force , DeCoatsworth had followed a group of men in a car , whose activities he found suspicious . They parked and three men got out of the vehicle . As he followed them on foot , a fourth man emerged from the car and fired a blast from a shotgun at DeCoatsworth 's face . He briefly lost his eyesight . "  But when his vision returned , he was still standing . Bleeding from the face , DeCoatsworth chased the perpetrator on foot for nearly two blocks . The officer returned fire and put out flash information on the subject during the pursuit , before he finally collapsed , " the White House statement said . More officers arrived , and the assailant was captured . The Philadelphia Police Department rewarded DeCoatsworth for his valor , promoting him to an elite highway patrol unit . He received the "  Top Cops " award in 2008 from the National Association of Police Organizations . In February 2009 , dressed in a ceremonial uniform , he took a seat of honor next to Michelle Obama for the president 's address before a Joint Session of Congress . But two years later , the officer 's meteoric career took a dive , when he was accused of using excessive force , shooting a motorcyclist in the leg , CNN affiliate KYW reported . He retired in 2011 . Last year , the City of Philadelphia granted him a disability pension , according to a city government protocol . But a neighbor also took him to court , claiming DeCoatsworth had threatened him . Along with rape , the former hero faces accusations of "  sex assault , terrorist threats and other related charges , " according to police . KYW reported his bail at $ 60 million . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report	Richard DeCoatsworth took a shotgun blast to the face in the line of duty in 2007 Wounded , he pursued the assailant and called for backup , who caught the gunman He was honored by many , including Michelle Obama A few years later , his career and life took a dive
Eyewitness footage of the Indiana State Fair stage collapse , a collection of powerful images from a blind photographer and a dispatch by 14-year-old twins at Occupy Wall Street were among the recipients of the 2nd annual CNN iReport Awards on Saturday night . A tribute to a closing Border 's bookstore , a photo essay documenting the return of South Sudanese refugees and a collection of interviews with union workers at Wisconsin 's state capitol in 2011 also took home awards . "  iReport was at the heart and center of CNN 's coverage of all of the major stories of the year , " said CNN Digital Participation Director Lila King , who leads the iReport team , as well as the network 's social media efforts . The recipients were chosen from 36 nominees in six categories by a panel of CNN and outside judges : Vadim Lavrusik , journalist program manager at Facebook ; Andrea Allen , director of production and community at Vimeo ; Solana Larsen , managing editor at Global Voices , Burt Herman , co-founder of Storify ; producer , director and writer Issa Rae ; CNN anchor Brooke Baldwin ; and CNN International senior international correspondent Nic Robertson . The community choice award -- selected by popular vote -- went to iReporter Chris Morrow 's interview with Michelle "  Bombshell " McGee , the tattooed entertainer who became a household name after her affair with celebrity motorcycle builder Jesse James . CNN International 's Michael Holmes hosted the iReport awards ceremony at Ventana 's in Atlanta . The event was the center piece of the iReport Awards weekend , which brought iReporters together from all over North America for a series of seminars , panel discussions and hands-on lessons . The nominees were chosen from the almost 15,000 iReports that were approved for use on CNN in 2011 . See the recipients Breaking News Indiana State Fair stage collapseJessica Silas Jessica Silas was in the bleachers on August 13 , 2011 , waiting for the popular country duo Sugarland to perform , when she saw dust blowing and heard people starting to yell . She pulled out her video camera just seconds before the stage collapsed and killed seven people in the crowd . Why it was chosen : Burt Herman , Storify co-founder : "  The video captures the entire event as it happened from a perspective where you can see everything . It 's chilling to see the panicked reactions after the stage collapsed and gives you a sense of being there and feeling the horror that the audience felt . " Vadim Lavrusik , Facebook journalist program manager : "  Because she was able to capture the key moment of the collapse , she 's able to tell the very core of the story . Not only was this video timely and captured dramatic footage , but was impressively shot with composure and without panic . A great reporter is able to keep calm amid the chaos to capture the story . Silas keeps the camera steady , and even zooms several times to get closer footage of the damage , all while people are running for their lives around her . Brooke Baldwin , CNN anchor : "  This video communicates the sheer terror of this stage collapse . I felt like I was there . " Andrea Allen , Vimeo director of production and community : "  I reviewed every entry twice , and my top three entries three times each . This was the only story that never lost its initial shock . " Original reporting Return to South SudanRoseann Dennery Roseann Dennery was working for the aid organization Samaritan 's Purse in Haiti when she was sent to southern Sudan to document the historic referendum dividing the country . She was in the Bahr el Ghazal region in southern Sudan when a bus full of people arrived after years in exile . She said the first man she spoke to had fled 15 years ago and only came back after the historic referendum . Why it was chosen : Issa Rae , Writer/Producer/Director at Issa Rae Productions : "  Great storytelling . The reporter 's words and narrative moved me and I love that it 's an optimistic story about progress . The reporter caught the moment and documented it in a way that would be appreciated by the Sudanese of Khartoum . " Vadim Lavrusik : "  The narrative is detailed and provides context about some of the broader history for readers . It also has a strong personal perspective from the author , which makes the reader feel very much a part of the story . The narrative arc keeps the reader engaged and the story ends nicely . On top of the written story , the photographs help visualize the scene and the characters . " Compelling imagery Occupy Wall Street , day 23Anna and Rachel OttoAnna Otto and her 14-year-old twin sister Rachel got their father to take them to New York so they could be a part of the Occupy Wall Street protests in Zuccotti Park . They edited their video of the experience into a creative and energetic music video . Why it was chosen : Burt Herman : "  This vignette of the Occupy protests gives a nice panorama on the protesters and what they represent . " Vadim Lavrusik : "  The video is newsworthy as this movement took the country by storm and spread to other parts of the world , and demonstrates some great instincts in editing and production . In many ways , the video - with protest signs , protesters and conditions - shows the story behind the movement : a protest against the 1 % and the income gap . " Commentary Ode to BordersMelissa FazliMelissa Fazli was disappointed when her local Borders closed as the bookstore chain went out of business . She did n't really shop there , but said it was a nice place to meet people and it had nice activities for her children . Her video showed that for her the store was n't just a business , it was part of her community . Why it was chosen : Nic Robertson , Senior International Correspondent , CNN International : "  Quirky comment on change we 're all experiencing , and the well chosen images add to the enjoyment . " Andrea Allen : "  Ode to Borders wins out on the creativity ! " Burt Herman : "  Nice personal story and photos to see things from the author 's perspective . " Personal story From blind vision to vision beyond sightKurt WestonKurt Weston has lived with HIV/AIDS since his diagnosis in 1991 and has pursued his dreams of being an artist even after the disease robbed him of most of his vision . The legally blind photographer shared how he has struggled with the disease over the past 20 years and how it has inspired his work . Why it was chosen : Issa Rae : "  Excellent story of personal triumph over tragedy . Instead of letting his ailments victimize him , he turned it into something beautiful . " Vadim Lavrusik : "  Incredible story of personal struggle and how art has enabled personal healing . The emotions in this personal story are n't just reflected in words , but also the images of the art and photography . It 's really unique and the story is quite extraordinary . " Interview Wisconsin ProtestsJason SeherJason Seher interviewed union workers at the Wisconsin State Capitol who were protesting Gov. Scott Walker 's plan to restrict the collective bargaining rights of most state workers . He described the scene as "  peaceful mayhem " and said everyone there seemed very passionate about the issues . At one point in his interview , a woman bursts into tears because she was upset that the changes could hurt her family 's future . Why it was chosen : Brooke Baldwin : "  You can tell the questions were good based upon these responses , and it was COLD out there ! Nice work ! " Issa Rae : "  I feel the Wisconsin protests most resembled an actual news report in terms of production quality and coverage and this definitely promotes discussion and questions . " CNN also recognized six iReport Spirit Honorees whose enthusiasm and collaborative spirit help make the iReport community a better place . This year 's honorees are Jerry Gonzales , Egberto Willies , Matt Sky , Veronica Mendoza , Mark Ivy and Marie Sager . iReporters share personal and provocative stories like this every day and we hope these iReports inspire you to share your photos , videos and perspectives with CNN . You can go to CNN.com / iReport to post your stories and become a part of the iReport community .	The iReport Awards recognize CNN 's most compelling participatory journalism Nominees are selected from nearly 15,000 iReports approved in 2011 You can share your stories at CNN iReport
CNN  -- In summer 2010 , Big Sky High School graduate and football star Glen Maricelli began a grueling 2,170-mile drive from Missoula , Montana , for a collegiate tryout in Marietta , Georgia . It was the farthest from home he had ever been . His goal was a chance to continue his athletic success . Four days later , he arrived in Georgia , exhausted . An hour after that , Maricelli was trying out for the Running Eagles squad , sprinting for fitness tests in the sweltering Georgia summer heat . Gasping for air and dripping with sweat , Maricelli could n't be happier . "  When you 're running those sprints , lifting those weights and running up hills , it sucks at the time , " he said . "  But right when you 're done , everyone is out of breath and looking all around , it 's like ` yes , it was worth it . That was good . ' " A football running back known for scoring three touchdowns in a game , Maricelli discovered rugby in high school as a way to condition . Rather than rely on the controlling coaching aspect of football , rugby allowed Maricelli and his teammates to run the plays and run the game . The sport became his passion , so he put his football days behind him and looked for a college rugby program . Now a sophomore at Life University in Marietta , Maricelli plays for one of the top varsity rugby teams in the U.S. . But for most colleges , rugby is considered at best a second-grade niche sport . Seventy-five miles to the east in Athens , Georgia , a true portrait of collegiate rugby versus collegiate football unfolds . Unlike the University of Georgia football team , with its sold-out stadium of more than 92,000 fans any given fall Saturday , UGA Rugby barely has 100 fans , although both teams collide with well-known Southeastern Conference rival schools . "  What happens is , the footprint of collegiate football in the South is monstrous . It takes the air out of the room , " University of California head rugby coach Jack Clark said . "  Playing rugby is akin to a communist activity . " Yet behind the scenes , rugby serves an American passion for a worldwide sport . Finding a field It 's the simple act of stumbling upon a practice , catching a rare match on TV or tossing a rugby ball around that draws people away from the ingrained mentality of American football . Universities with big football traditions often offer rugby , but football 's domination can make it hard for "  ruggers . " They set up at recreational sport fairs , speak at student group meetings and recruit from high school tournaments , but they can offer only rudimentary benefits . In the place of customized scooters , Nike team wear and logo-embossed gear , rugby players say they discover lasting friendships , passionate competition and the dynamics of a heavily skill-based game with a lifelong , global network . The recruits will have to pay for dues , travel expenses and jerseys , and they must practice three to five days a week . But first , they have to find a field . Although some of the big colleges like Florida , South Carolina and Tennessee have fields designated for club rugby , the UGA team classifies itself as a "  stepchild . " "  Historically , rugby players have been ` field gypsies , ' " said Rod Seddon , president of the Georgia Rugby Union . University of Georgia senior and criminal justice major Robert Thomas knows the struggles firsthand . One Thursday when he was 19 , Thomas stepped on a rugby pitch for the first time . That Saturday , he played in his first match but had no idea what he was doing . "  Two weeks later , I do n't know what it was , but right before the SEC Tournament , something clicked , and everything made sense , " he said . Although Thomas had never played a team sport before , the camaraderie aspect drew him in immediately . "  It 's driven to not just be a team on the field but off the field that I really like , " Thomas said . "  We do everything as a team . " From field setup to team dinners , it 's not hard to spot the UGA ruggers on campus . They 're always together . On a Wednesday night downtown , people sometimes ask what they 're celebrating . The teammates respond that it 's Wednesday , and they 're just hanging out , as usual . Cameron Nizdil , a 20-year-old sophomore from Moorpark , California , was offered a walk-on spot on UGA 's track and field team . Running is in his genes , but Nizdil turned down the opportunity and pursued rugby instead . "  Rugby had the better social environment , " Nizdil said . "  It was the best decision ever . " Anatomy of a team Collegiate rugby teams often comprise powerful athletes , football and basketball players who entertained rugby as a third sport in high school . The athletes require "  a real melting pot of skills and a portfolio of body types , " Clark said . From towering players built like oak trees to shorter , nimble sprinters , physicality is expected . Each one has the chance to sprint , pass and tackle , and a successful tackle wo n't stop the action . There is no quarterback or wide receiver . "  Unlike football , we do n't want guys to travel for a weekend just to sit on the sidelines , " said Rene Daniel , a rugby coach at Georgia Tech . With no pads or helmets to cushion the rough blows , players also have to learn how to use their bodies without causing serious injury . Few timeouts , limited substitutions and the possibility of five or six matches in a single tournament force them to be in top form . It is a rapid , bruising contest that crashes muscle against muscle and challenges mental and physical technique over pure power . "  I love football , so I went out to play rugby in college , and it was a big change , but it was addictive , " said Willie Washington , a UGA senior . "  I like the challenge of it . In football , you get the ball , and people can block for you . In rugby , it 's you against seven or 15 other guys . You 've really got to think and be smart with the ball . " Blaine Scully graduated from high school as a three-sport , All-American athlete . A natural , he excelled at basketball , water polo and swimming . In June , the recent University of California-Berkeley graduate helped the national rugby team , the USA Eagles , defeat Russia for the Churchill Cup Bowl , an annual rugby union tournament leading up to the World Cup . Scully discovered rugby in college under the tutelage of American rugby legend Jack Clark , head coach of the Golden Bears . Clark has had to fight hard to preserve the rugby tradition but says it is often one of the five most-attended sports out of 29 at the university . "  What I know is that rugby positively changes lives . Everyone that plays the sport is willing to pay it forward , " Clark said . "  I had a player tell me after the season was over , ` Coach , this was the hardest thing I 've ever done that I would n't trade for anything , ' and I said , ` Well , that about sums it up , son . ' " Getting into the game Collegiate club teams usually begin their season in the fall with a month of training to orient the "  new guys , " whether it is freshmen or those new to rugby in general . One of the biggest challenges : teaching guys to pass the ball laterally or backwards , only , and still score . It creates a culture of teamwork -- "  the most team-oriented team sport , " Thomas said . "  When you have to give up five days a week and some weekends when you 're traveling , it becomes a job , essentially , but a job that one loves , " Georgia Rugby Union secretary Nicholas Burgess said . It showcases the volunteer nature of rugby : There are few paid positions related to the sport in the entire U.S. Rugby is a true battle on the field , from the bloodied players who forge on without stopping to the one missed tackle that can cost the game in a breathless contest . Afterward , the home team hosts a social for the visiting team , no matter who wins . They even put up the out-of-town players in their homes . It is a game driven by respect , because each player knows what another has gone through to be on the field . "  Of course it sucks to lose , especially at home , " Thomas said . "  But point being , this is a tradition . You would never see that from football . " Most ruggers say respect is one of their main reasons for playing the game . "  There 's nothing like giving 80 minutes on a Saturday to the game that you love , " Burgess said . "  You 're with 14 other guys in the arena against 15 guys that you 're trying to beat the hell out of . Then afterwards , it 's being able to shake their hands and have a beer together . That 's the beauty of it . "	Behind the scenes , rugby serves an American passion for a worldwide sport Rugby teams face challenges , from finding a field to funding Rugby players connect with the game and each other through powerful camaraderie
CNN  -- It is 5:00 am on Sunday morning in Austin , Texas . Dawn has yet to break here but preparations are already under way for the afternoon 's Formula One race . A golden glow of light pools from a hair salon in the west of the city ; inside the COTA girls -- named after the Circuit of the Americas track where the U.S. Grand Prix is staged - are being preened and coiffed for their big day . The young women share the grid with some of the sport 's biggest names but while Red Bull 's four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel was still getting his beauty sleep the COTA girls are already at work . "  I 've been waking up at about four o'clock in the morning , " explains Amanda Bingman , a first time COTA girl and the troop 's only redhead . "  The drivers probably get to sleep in and wait for their crew to get their stuff together . "  But it 's worth it -- beauty is pain ! " There is a happy chatter at this pre-dawn pampering party for the 31 young women selected to be COTA girls for the 2013 U.S. Grand Prix . Center stage Despite the early start , the overwhelming feeling is one of excitement at sharing center stage at a prestigious international event that is watched by half a billion viewers around the globe . "  What 's it like being a grid girl ? " 24-year-old Krystal Malloy , who is a photographer by trade , ponders . "  Get ready for an almost paparazzi style feel to it ! You walk out and you instantly have cameras taking pictures of you and video cameras filming you . "  You 're just ` wow , this is amazing ! ' You feel the energy of the people , the crowd and how excited they are . It 's a wonderful feeling to be part of this . " Grid girls -- also known as paddock girls or brolly dollies -- have been part of motorsport 's glamorous panoply for the last 40 years . Sponsor driven They arrived in Formula One following the advent of sponsorship and advertising in the late 1960s and soon became a popular promotional asset for the sport . Their duties include displaying the race number placards on the grid , clapping the drivers onto the podium , making appearances in VIP suites and taking part in photo sessions with the fans . The girls are not allowed to talk to the drivers unless they are spoken to first and there 's an even stricter rule imposed by the COTA girls ' manager Kristen Ditto , a former Dallas Cowboys cheerleader . "  One of my very , very strict policies is that in a non-working situation the girls may not interact with the race car drivers , " Ditto explained to CNN . "  However , in a working situation they have to be cordial and that 's it . " COTA girl Grace Kim illuminates further : "  Last year I was the grid girl for Michael Schumacher . I think he said hello - but he was getting in the zone . " Do the young women see themselves as playing the glamorous figures in a man 's world ? Tough selection "  No , not at all , " says Malloy . "  We are very well versed . We went through a series of interviews before we even got this job . "  We have no problem conversing with people and being personable instead of just standing there and looking pretty as a picture . " Ditto and the circuit 's marketing manager Rodrigo Sanchez are intent on cultivating a sense of empowerment within their brood of COTA girls . Good looks are only part of the selection criteria . The applicants -- there were 250 this season with some even applying from Europe and Australia -- go through a three-stage interview process . "  I actually got asked how much I could bench press in my interview , " laughs Ashley Elgie , a sports trainer , saleswoman and architect -- as well as a repeat COTA girl . Ditto jokes that she plays the role of picky X Factor USA judge Simon Cowell on the selection panel . Cross section She is looking for well-rounded young women who can represent the modern American sweetheart in F1 's global community . "  We have the cross section of the American woman , " Ditto , an attractive blond , explains . "  I 'm not looking for a stereotypical , 5 "  10 blonde model . We have Asian , Latino , African-American girls . We 're not looking for a maximum age , we actually have one COTA girl who is 38 . "  It 's not just about the looks department either , it 's a lot more than that . We are looking for the all-American woman who is poised , attractive and confident , a great communicator and who can be a COTA ambassador . " Although the role of a COTA girl comes with a salary and a year-long contract , the women also hold down full-time jobs or are in college . Learning curve Being a COTA girl is an exciting break from the norm but for some it is also a useful learning curve . "  I 'm in school right now for radio and television , " explains Jordan Hannah , a 19-year-old from Dallas . "  I want to be a sports reporter or an anchor woman so this is really good for me . "  It teaches me how to handle myself in environments when I might feel overwhelmed , how to communicate with people from different parts of the world . "  It gives me a feel of what I might be doing if I am a sports reporter one day . " Ditto hopes that the experience of being a COTA girl will , above all , be a stepping-stone for the young women in their future careers . "  Coming from the Dallas Cowboys taught me a lot , " she adds . "  It gave me the background that I need to pass on to these girls and get them ready for life skills , not just here at the track . Eye candy ? "  I want them to hold themselves high and be confident because self confidence is the key to everything . " The experience of being a COTA girl may well be empowering but that does not stop everyone from viewing them as eye candy . The girls concede attention from arduous admirers comes with the territory . "  Yes , it happens , " says Elgie . "  We 're always very polite but also very modest about the situation and just keep moving on ... ` Thank for the compliment , that 's very nice of you to say . ' " Ditto is also on hand to make sure the girls are not put in any situations they do not feel comfortable with . "  The girls are always being hit on , " she says . "  It 's just the nature of the beast but we want them to be at ease with everything that they do . "  If I walk in the door and it 's all alcohol , all men ; a bunch of people just carrying on , I probably will just skip that suite or I 'll just tell the girls ` just keep a smile on your face , say hello and we 'll quickly excuse ourselves . ' "  I have to be the bad cop . If the environment goes sour then we quickly assess the situation and get out of there . " American sweetheart It may be less than sweet but for now being an American sweetheart is not a job for the boys . Grid boys have made rare appearances in F1 , for example at the European Grand Prix in Valencia , but there are no plans for cowboys to giddy up on the Texan grid . "  I have n't had any -LSB- men -RSB- apply , " says Ditto , when asked why there are n't any COTA boys . "  I do n't think it 's sexist but I have to be really , really careful because that 's a good question . "  I would say in different parts of the world that would be totally acceptable , I just ca n't see that being welcomed here because we are so used to seeing beautiful Texas women . I think it 's cultural for sure . " Tom-boy girls Kim , who is also the circuit 's official DJ , has her own theory : "  We 're kind of tom-boy girls . " Elgie agrees : "  We recently worked at an event where we were able to race go-karts round the track . "  I was so mad because I was in first place for the longest time and then I got passed by some man at the end . I was so ticked off , I got second place . " So , the COTA girls definitely do not see themselves as second best in a man 's world ? "  Never ! " exclaims Kim . "  We 're always representing girl power . " Girl power just needs a little extra preening and with that it is back to business at the early bird hair salon to "  fluff and puff " their Texas style .	Grid girls share the tarmac with the stars of F1 Work long hours and have to abide by strict rules Over 250 applicants for the job from all over the world Have been part of F1 since the 1960s
CNN  -- Trying to find a cheap place to crash in Silicon Valley ? For most people , that 's impossible . But Eric Simons is not like most people . The recent high school graduate scored a spot in AOL 's first Imagine K12 cohort , an initiative aimed at supporting entrepreneurship in the educational field . His dream was to create software to tap the vast potential of the Web and facilitate collaborative learning among students and teachers , one of several such innovative efforts the technology company hoped to help bring to life . Thus the then-19-year-old put off college , left his Chicago home and headed west last year to work out of AOL 's Palo Alto , California , office . There , he continued working on his product and made the most of his new work digs -- heading to the office 's gym each morning to work out and shower , then snacking over the course of the day on ramen noodles , trail mix and leftovers from meetings . He used his limited venture capital funds to pay his rent and assorted other bills . Until , that is , that money ran out . "  I tried to sleep on my friends ' couches , but they were full for the next month or so , " Simons told CNN on Monday , explaining what he did after losing his apartment . "  So I just ended up sleeping on their couches . " By "  their couches , " he meant the furniture he could find in the Northern California offices of AOL , which was once but is no longer a sister company of CNN . Simons evaded security for two months -- not to mention having to pay for an apartment , gym membership and more . He said that he spent a total of $ 30 over those weeks , splurging at Boston Market for his Thanksgiving feast but otherwise subsisting largely by "  eating scraps . " "  I was n't paying for rent , I was n't paying for water ,  and  most of my food was provided by other companies leaving leftovers , " Simons recalled . He knew that squatting in a corporate office "  is certainly frowned upon . " But Simons insisted it was the course he had to take if he really wanted to get his venture , ClassConnect , off the ground . "  If I did n't do that , we would n't have been able to build this product ,  and  we would n't have been able to launch it and get the large amount of traction that we did , " he said . Today , ClassConnect is up and running and close to securing $ 500,000 more in funding , on top of an earlier $ 50,000 , according to Simons . AOL has n't talked to him directly about the couch-surfing that helped make the dream a reality . But AOL senior vice president , David Temkin , released a statement about Simon 's situation , saying , "  It was always our intention to facilitate entrepreneurialism in the Palo Alto office -- we just did n't expect it to work so well . " Simons , now 20 , admits that mooching and living round-the-clock at AOL 's offices was "  certainly a gray area " legally . But he now casts this experience as a positive when pitching ClassConnect to potential investors . "  If you were to invest in a company , would you invest in someone that closed up shop and went home ? " he said . "  Or would you invest in a person that , kind of against all odds , ... figured out a way to pull everything together when everything was stacked against him ? "	Eric Simons was chosen to be part of an AOL program to foster entrepreneurship His venture capital funds ran out while he was working from AOL 's Silicon Valley office Simons spent the next two months sleeping , eating and showering at the office "  If I did n't do that , we would n't have been able to build " his product , he says
CNN  -- "  Movies are n't an actor 's medium ... actors are just color in other people 's paintings , " Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey told CNN 's Talk Asia . "  I think there 's almost any actor whose been around for a while who can say this with absolute conviction that sometimes you go and see a movie that you 've made and you know you made a better movie than they cut . " He has n't turned his back on his profession , but the versatile performer who won two Academy Awards for his roles in "  The Usual Suspects " and "  American Beauty , " has happily embraced the other challenges that have come his way . From reviving the fortunes of The Old Vic theatre in London to production credits on a number of films , acting has now become just one of Spacey 's numerous professional guises . His latest venture is appearing in a joint production in China called "  Inseparable " featuring Daniel Wu and Chinese actress Gong Beibi . "  I think there 's no doubt that China is the next place for film -- there 's no doubt -- and that collaborations , this kind of exchange of a Western actor coming to make a Chinese film is a very exciting step , " he said . After his Chinese experience he 'll be focusing on film until 2012 when he will then lead The Bridge Project , a transatlantic theatrical production company comprised of The Old Vic in London and Brooklyn Academy of Music in New York . The company will be bringing "  The Tempest " to Hong Kong and Singapore in March and April . Longer term plans could see Spacey return to the stage , but as a singer . His 2005 biopic "  Beyond the Sea " on 1950s crooner Bobby Darin was a labor of love where Spacey was able to perform the songs of one of his heroes . To promote the movie he even toured with a 20-piece big band across the U.S. "  I think it 's great that actually Vegas wants to be able to bring back the headliner , and I think the nightclub act is one of the greatest things ever . "  But that to me would be to me kind of fun to do again at some point , because I love singing and I do n't get a chance to sing as much as I 'd like , so we 'll see what happens . "	Spacey is an Oscar-winning actor and artistic director of The Old Vic in London He will lead The Bridge Project theatrical co-production in 2012 Spacey would love to revive the headline nightclub act in Las Vegas
CNN  -- Angry protesters forced three buses carrying undocumented immigrants to turn around Tuesday in Southern California . The immigrants had arrived in San Diego from south Texas and were on their way to be processed at the Murrieta Border Patrol station . Protesters chanting "  USA ! " "  Impeach Obama ! " and "  Deport , Deport ! " blocked their route . A heated yelling match ensued between the demonstrators and a group of counterprotesters . As the buses were forced to retreat , the roughly 140 people on board were taken to a border station in San Ysidro , according to Ron Zermeno with the National Border Patrol Council . It was not immediately clear whether they would stay there or what would happen next . The U.S. government is struggling to process and accommodate an influx of undocumented immigrants , and specifically a spike in immigrant children . The government does n't have enough beds , food or sanitary facilities . To help relieve crowded facilities in Texas , undocumented immigrants are now being sent elsewhere to be processed . Murrieta Police Chief Sean Hadden said that police there had been told to expect 140 immigrants every 72 hours , with the next group scheduled to arrive on Friday . Authorities estimate 60,000 to 80,000 children without parents will cross the border this year in what the White House has called an "  immediate humanitarian crisis . " The mayor of Murrieta , Alan Long , had urged residents Monday to protest the decision to move undocumented immigrants to the area , the Los Angeles Times reported . He spoke again Tuesday at a Murrieta City Council meeting , thanking police and others . "  Please remember these are human beings that are fleeing the violence in their home countries . The problem is that they need to come into this country the legal way , " Long said . Obama to take executive action on immigration Vargas : Undocumented and hiding in plain sight Crossroads of hope and fear : Stories from a desert bus station CNN 's Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Remember these are human beings that are fleeing the violence , " mayor says Protesters and counterprotesters debate in a heated yelling match The immigrants had arrived for processing from south Texas The U.S. has been dealing with increasing numbers of children crossing the border
CNN  -- Authorities in northeast Texas were assessing damage Monday morning after a tornado destroyed homes , knocked train cars off their tracks and injured at least four people . Five homes in Rice , Texas , were destroyed as 125 mph winds whipped through a seven-mile swath of Navarro County Sunday evening , said Eric Meyers , the county 's emergency management coordinator . Meyers rode out the tornado inside a vehicle and videotaped the twister as it tore the roof off a school about a block away . "  We are in the tornado ! We are in the tornado ! " Meyers yells several times in the video . "  The sheer power was just amazing , " Meyers said in an interview Monday on CNN 's "  American Morning " program . The storm , which struck around 5:30 p.m.  6:30 p.m. ET  , also turned over an 18-wheeler truck onto a passenger car , knocked 11 cars from a freight train off their tracks and caused extensive damage to Rice Elementary School , Navarro County Chief Deputy Mike Cox said . Video : ` People screamed , cried , and prayed ' as tornado passed Four people were taken to the hospital with minor injuries , he said . In addition to "  significant damage " from the storm moving through Navarro County , witnesses also reported possible tornadoes in other parts of northeast Texas Sunday evening , the National Weather Service said . Callers reported four tornadoes in Lone Oak , Texas , Fire Chief Chris Moore said , but authorities had not yet confirmed whether a twister had touched down there . The storm destroyed one home , damaged three others and knocked down power lines there , Moore said . Authorities called off a youth football game as winds picked up speed and hail pelted the county , he said . Are you there ? Share your stories , photos and videos Sonia Butler hunkered down in the bathroom of her Rice home with her brother as the storm hit . "  You could just hear the wind coming through the house and it felt like a big suction , " she told CNN affiliate WFAA . "  And then it sounded like a loud train , and it only lasted -- not very long , but after that , after we came out of the restroom , our house was just gone . " Her husband , Raymond Butler , sought shelter in another part of the home as the storm hit . The room he stayed in remained untouched , but the storm demolished most of their home , ripping off the roof , shattering light bulbs and breaking their deceased daughter 's track trophies . The storm also destroyed two trucks , a trailer , and a giant pecan tree on the property -- but it spared the grave of their daughter , who died last year . "  I just got down on my knees and said , ` Lord be with us , ' " Raymond Butler told WFAA . Joey Romero , 24 , said he and his girlfriend rode out the storm in the freezer of a Sonic restaurant at a service station in Rice . They were driving from Dallas to Houston when it started to hail , he said . "  We pulled over under some covering . Hail the size of golf balls started falling . Then , we saw hail the size of baseballs , " he said . Someone screamed when they saw a funnel forming behind Sonic , he said . The wind roared and the station lost power . "  The first few seconds it was all sort of surreal . I could n't really believe it was happening . ... We all walked back in the freezer . It was cold in there and there was n't light and people were starting to cry , " he said . The hail shattered car windows , Romero said . The second-year medical student at University of Texas , Houston , said he helped treat injuries . A police officer told him a truck and a car had flipped over on the highway . After several hours , Romero was on the road back to Houston late Sunday . "  Even now , we can see the storm off to the east of us . The sky is pitch black , " he said . Later Sunday , a possible tornado swept through Baldwin County , Alabama , knocking down power lines and tree branches , destroying a mobile home and shifting another mobile home off its foundation , said Leigh Ann Ryals with the county 's Emergency Operations Center . One person was injured , Ryals said , and crews planned to continue surveying damage Monday . CNN 's Jacqui Jeras , Catherine E. Shoichet , Jessica Jordan , Rick Martin and Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We are in a tornado , " emergency official says on videotape of twister "  Significant damage " is reported in Navarro County , Texas The county 's emergency management coordinator says winds were about 125 mph A witness says he saw a funnel form and rode out the storm in a restaurant freezer
CNN  -- A 32-year-old man downed dozens of roaches and worms to win a python at a Florida reptile store , then collapsed and died outside minutes later . Edward Archbold was among 20 to 30 contestants participating in Friday night 's "  Midnight Madness " event at Ben Siegel Reptiles in Deerfield Beach , authorities said . The participants ' goal : consume as many insects and worms as they could to take home a $ 850 python . Archbold swallowed roach after roach , worm after worm . While the store did n't say exactly how many Archbold consumed , the owner told CNN affiliate WPLG that he was "  the life of the party . " "  He really made our night more fun , " Ben Siegel told the station . Soon after the contest was over , Archbold fell ill and began to vomit , the Broward County Sheriff 's Office said Monday . A friend called for medical help . Then , Archbold himself dialed 911 , the store said in a Facebook post . Eventually , he fell to the ground outside the store , the sheriff 's office said . An ambulance took him to North Broward Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead . The Broward Medical Examiner 's Office conducted an autopsy and are awaiting test results to determine the cause of his death . No other contestant fell ill , the sheriff 's office said . "  Very saddened by this . I mean , it was a shock , " Siegel told WPLG . "  Eddie was a very nice guy . We just met him that night , but everybody that works here was very fond of him . " Luke Lirot , who says he is legally representing the store , said in a post on the store 's Facebook page that all participants "  signed thorough waivers accepting responsibility for their participation in this unique and unorthodox contest . " "  The consumption of insects is widely accepted throughout the world , and the insects presented as part of the contest were taken from an inventory of insects that are safely and domestically raised in a controlled environment as food for reptiles , " Lirot said . In the wild , cockroaches are scavengers that pick up various bacterial organisms such as salmonella while walking through spoiled food , the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene explains on its website . Cockroaches themselves do n't transmit disease , though "  many disease-causing organisms can grow and multiply in their guts and can then be deposited ... during defecation . " Pharaoh Gayles was one of those who took part in the contest . He explained his reasoning to CNN affiliate WPTV . "  Some of the snakes were pretty expensive , " he said . "  I thought if I could eat the bugs to get one , it 'd be a good idea . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Edward Archbold was among those in a contest at a Deerfield Beach reptile store He won a python after eating dozens of cockroaches and worms , a sheriff 's office says Archbold later fell ill , collapsed and was pronounced dead at a southeast Florida hospital The store says participants signed waivers , insects were "  safely and domestically raised "
CNN  -- I grew up in an interfaith home where I learned , despite what some on the far right allege today , that Islam and Christianity have much in common . My father was Muslim and born in the 1930s in what was then known as Palestine . My mother is Italian  Sicilian , to be accurate  and proudly Christian . My family was the embodiment of the American Dream : An immigrant father and first generation mother of differing ethnicities and faiths , who did more than just co-exist : They flourished . Our mini "  melting pot " succeeded because we focused on the commonalities between Islam and Christianity , the most obvious being that we worship the same God . How could we not ? After all , we share almost identical prophets such as Moses , Abraham and Jesus . My Muslim cousins would even celebrate Christmas with us every year - - not only to be social , but because there 's a religious basis . To Muslims , Jesus is a prophet referred to in the Quran as "  The Messiah , " born of the Virgin Mary , who was herself born of immaculate conception . Growing up in North Jersey in the 1980s , no one expressed any issues with our heritage or faith . In fact , in third grade my teacher asked me to bring my father to school for "  show and tell " so the students could meet an Arab Muslim man . I can only imagine if this event was replicated today , some would protest , claiming my father was there trying to spread sharia law or convert the children to Islam . Despite my upbringing in a very ethnic home , by September 11 , 2001 , I identified as a typical white American . I was n't Dean Obeidallah , the Arab-American , I was just Dean . As I have joked in my stand-up act , I did n't have any Arab friends before 9/11 . All my friends had names like Joey , Chandler and Monica . But as I stood on the corner of Eighth Street and Sixth Avenue in Lower Manhattan on that fateful September morning watching in horror as the towers crumbled before my eyes , I knew all our lives would change . I just never could have predicted the trajectory my own life would take . Soon after 9/11 , I found that my membership in "  The White Club " had been revoked . I was now a minority , which , truthfully , was not something I wanted to be . I 'm not saying being a white person in America is easy , but being a minority in America is a completely different kind of challenge , for the simple reason that as a minority you are n't only responsible for yourself , you are also called to answer for the sins of the worst in your minority group . In time I began to embrace my Arab roots . I soon decided to use my comedy , whenever possible , to counter the misconceptions my fellow Americans harbored about Arabs and Muslims . Now , 10 years after 9/11 , I have grown accustomed to and even enjoy my minority status . But I do have a grave concern : I have never witnessed more anti-Muslim rhetoric espoused by politicians , religious leaders and in media outlets than I do today . Not even in the days after 9/11 . There was a time in our nation 's history when if you wanted to demonize a religion or race , you had to wear a white sheet over your head . Not any longer . Indeed , peddlers of hate would n't want to cover their face because they want people to know who they are so they can sell more books , secure more well paying speaking engagements , and appear more often on television .  I 'm looking at you Fox News ! But I 'm fully confident this will pass . In fact , I have already observed encouraging signs . Recently , the nonprofit Southern Poverty Law Center , an organization created in 1971 to expose the activities of hate groups , listed leaders of the Muslim hate movement in the same league as The Aryan Terror Brigade , the American Nazi Party , and the Ku Klux Klan . Thankfully , this begins the marginalization of these Muslim hate groups to the fringes of American society where they justly belong . More interfaith alliances between Muslims , Christians and Jews have been formed . In fact , American Catholic.org 's national magazine features a cover story this month designed to dispel misconceptions about Islam and bring Catholics and Muslims closer together .  Some forget that right-wing Americans had alleged that Catholics and democracy could not exist together and that a Catholic candidate for president -- John F. Kennedy -- would , if elected , follow the directives of the pope , not the U.S. Constitution . This week , the national Jewish Daily Forward published an editorial entitled , "  Remember Who We Are , " imploring Jewish Americans to reject the extremist voices of hate that target American Muslims and specifically called on , by name , the few Jewish people involved in the Muslim hate movement to stop . We must stand together today as Americans , just as we did in 2001 after the attacks . We can not allow those who promote hate , either here or abroad , to divide our nation . As then presidential candidate John F. Kennedy cautioned America in 1960 while defending himself against anti-Catholic attacks : "  Today , I may be the victim , but tomorrow it may be you -- until the whole fabric of our harmonious society is ripped apart . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah says he grew up an American in Jersey with Muslim dad , Catholic mom He says after September 11 he found others now saw him as a suspicious Muslim He says hate groups profit from anti-Muslim speech , but they are starting to be marginalized Obeidallah : On 9/11 in particular we ca n't allow others to blind us to our commonality
CNN  -- "  Constantly searching for a needle in a haystack " is what Brent Brisben says he does for a living , and on days like Saturday , the payoff makes the work worthwhile . Brisben owns the 1715 Treasure Fleet Queen 's Jewels salvage company . This weekend , he and his crew of three found quite a few "  needles " in their oceanic "  haystack " -- 48 gold coins that date back 300 years , to be exact . The coins , called escudos , were part of the treasure aboard a fleet of 11 Spanish galleons wrecked by a hurricane off the Florida coast on July 31 , 1715 . It was this famous shipwreck that gave this part of Florida its nickname , The Treasure Coast . The coins appear to be in good condition , and still have some legible dates and markings . The oldest bears the date 1697 ; the youngest is dated 1714 . The 48 coins have an estimated value of $ 200,000 to $ 250,000 , said Brisben . Perhaps the most surprising thing about the expedition is that the coins were found just 100 feet from the shoreline , in only six feet of water . Ancient coins could change history of Australia Though Brisben admits his work is exciting , he says it 's not like you see in the movies . "  You may expect to see a big galleon on its side with treasure chests overflowing , but it 's not like that at all , " he said . "  With shipwrecks that old , most of the organic material like the actual wood of the ship is gone , due to deterioration . What 's left are mostly metals and pottery ... china , silver buckles , bronze cannons and gold coins . " The coins will be sold to private collectors and the money raised from the sale will finance further searching of the wreckage site , Brisben said . In 2012 : Shipwreck found on Gulf floor while thousands watched	Treasure hunters find 48 gold "  escudo " coins in wreckage of Spanish galleon The entire fleet of 11 ships was sunk by a hurricane in 1715 The oldest coin bears the date 1697 The coins have an estimated value of nearly $ 250,000
Editor 's note : Jack Cafferty is the author of a new book , "  Now or Never : Getting Down to the Business of Saving Our American Dream . " He provides commentary on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " daily from 4 to 7 p.m. ET . You can also visit Jack 's Cafferty File blog . CNN 's Jack Cafferty says "  the pain wo n't go away " until Bush administration 's misdeeds are addressed . CNN  -- It does n't go away by itself . Watergate "  went away " when Richard Nixon resigned the presidency in disgrace and left town never to be heard from in an official capacity again . The Bush presidency is thankfully over ... but the damage he and Dick Cheney did continues to press on the nerve of the American people like an impacted wisdom tooth . And until the questions surrounding arguably the most arrogant and perhaps most corrupt administration in our history are addressed , the pain wo n't go away . From Nancy  "  Impeachment is off the table "  Pelosi to President Barack  "  I want to look forward , not backward "  Obama , the country is being poorly served by their Democratic government . And on this subject President Obama is dead wrong . George W. Bush and his accomplices damaged this country like it 's never been damaged before . And it 's not just the phony war in Iraq or the torture memos that justified waterboarding . It 's millions of missing emails and the constant use of executive privilege and signing statements . It 's the secretive meetings with Enron and other energy executives and the wholesale firing of federal prosecutors . It 's trying to get the president 's personal attorney seated on the Supreme Court and that despicable Alberto Gonzales sitting in front of congressional investigators whining , "  I do n't remember , I do n't know , I. . . etc. " It 's the domestic eavesdropping in violation of the FISA Court , the rendition prisons , and the lying . It 's looking the other way while the City of New Orleans drowned and its people were left to fend for themselves . It 's the violations of the Geneva Conventions , the soiling of our international reputation and the shredding of the U.S. Constitution . It 's the handing over of $ 700 billion to the Wall Street fat cats last fall , no questions asked . Where is that money ? What was it used for ? It 's the no-bid contracts to firms like Halliburton and Blackwater and the shoddy construction and lack of oversight of reconstruction in Iraq that cost American taxpayers untold billions . If the Republicans were serious about restoring their reputation , they would join the call for a special prosecutor to be appointed so that at long last justice can be done . It 's too late for George W. Bush to resign the presidency . But it 's not too late to put the people responsible for this national disgrace in prison . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jack Cafferty .	Jack Cafferty : Bush administration left behind a trail of misdeeds Cafferty : Obama is wrong to say he only wants to look forward , not back Cafferty : Damage will last until Bush-Cheney deeds are addressed Cafferty : A special prosecutor should be named to investigate
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- In spite of prevention efforts , new cases of some of the most common sexually transmitted diseases are going up , according to a new report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Much of the burden of STDs falls on adolescents and people in their early 20s , the CDC says . The report , "  Sexually Transmitted Disease Surveillance 2007 , " also said that women and minorities in particular are more likely to have sexually transmitted diseases , or STDs . That fact is n't surprising , experts say , as studies on STDs in the past have also shown that women and minorities bear the greatest burden of STDs . The age of those affected has n't changed much either -- nearly 19 million new sexually transmitted infections occur each year , and almost half of those affect 15 - to 24-year-olds . The CDC began a national syphilis elimination program in the late 1990s , targeted at African-American heterosexuals , especially women and their babies . As a result , the condition was nearly eradicated as an ongoing health problem in the United States . But in the last two years , the trend has reversed , said Dr. John Douglas , director of the CDC 's Division of STD Prevention . "  The success we 've been experiencing for a number of years in African-American heterosexual populations , particularly women , is beginning to be eroded , " he said . Watch more on the CDC 's report " Syphilis resurfaced as a danger in 2001 , and cases went up by 15.2 percent between 2006 and 2007 , the CDC said . Reported cases of chlamydia and gonorrhea together surpassed 1.4 million in 2007 , the report said . Both of these conditions can cause infertility when left untreated . The CDC will address HIV rates in the United States in a later report . A record number of chlamydia cases were reported nationally this year , the report said . But Douglas noted that a major strategy is detecting infection before it spreads , so each case is an opportunity to prevent ongoing transmission . Chlamydia is the most common reportable STD and infectious disease , he said . Since the early 1980s , there has been a dramatic downturn in gonorrhea cases , but for the last 10 years , the rates have leveled off , especially in African-American populations . The CDC is looking at a number of ways to create awareness of the problem , he said . STDs affect not only individuals ' health , but also the economy , the CDC said -- the conditions cost the U.S. health care system as much as $ 15.3 billion annually . The report reflects what Dr. Yolanda Wimberly , assistant professor of clinical pediatrics at the Morehouse School of Medicine and the medical director for the Center for Excellence in Sexual Health , sees in the clinics where she works . In her 14 years of practicing , she has been diagnosing more and more cases of chlamydia , syphilis and gonorrhea , she said . Based on the report and her own observations , it 's safe to say that some of the prevention efforts are not working , Wimberly said . New , innovative methods will be required to get through to this generation of young people , for whom text messaging and the Internet are integral parts of daily life . Many people hold the misconception that STDs come along with a visible sign , such as irregular discharge or a rash or bump . But , in fact , most STDs do not present symptoms , she said . "  That 's how STDs are so easily spread , " she said . "  It 's not people who know they have gonorrhea and who go out say , ` I 'm going to spread it to all these people . ' It 's the people who do n't even know , who maybe do n't get checked up regularly . " It 's important to be screened at least once annually , even twice a year for younger people , Wimberly said . She offers to test everyone who comes into her office for STDs , even if they do not have any symptoms or came to see her for a different reason , if they have n't been tested in at least the last six months . However , not all doctors are so conscientious about STD testing , Douglas said . Particularly in nonminority populations , doctors are inclined to think , "  The young woman sitting in front of me looks pretty healthy , she looks pretty respectable -- she would n't have a sexually transmitted disease , right ? " Douglas said . "  We simply miss those screening opportunities . " Other doctors simply do n't want to broach the subject of sex with their adolescent female patients , he said . There 's also the problem of access to health care -- some women do not have physicians for this reason . Current prevention efforts include promoting awareness of STDs , personal protective behaviors such as limiting partners and using condoms , and screening programs , Douglas said . A key area to work on is normalizing conversations about STDs and sexual health , he said . "  If the parents assume that 's the doctor 's business , or the teacher 's business , and do n't roll up their sleeves and get in there themselves , and if our schools are n't giving comprehensive education , and if our clergy and other community leaders who are interested in youth well-being are n't including sexual health on the agenda , we 're going to create missed opportunities . "	CDC : Women , minorities , 15 - to 24-year-olds bear greatest STD burden Progress in eliminating syphilis has , to some extent , been reversed STDs cost the U.S. health care system as much as $ 15.3 billion annually
CNN  -- Barcelona left it late before struggling to a 2-1 victory at home to Malaga on Saturday night that restored the defending Spanish champions to the top of the table . Rivals Real Madrid had climbed to the summit with a 5-1 thrashing of Tenerife earlier in the evening , but the Catalan giants ended round 24 two points clear thanks to a late winner from world player of the year Lionel Messi . The Argentina forward slotted home from close range in the 84th minute after a superb diagonal pass from Xavi allowed fullback Daniel Alves to provide a precise low cross . Mid-table Malaga had surprisingly equalized three minutes earlier through substitute Valmiro Valdo as the home side looked like paying for failing to turn their dominance of possession into a handsome lead . The former Real Madrid player netted coolly on the counterattack after a neat one-two at the halfway line sent him clear of the Barca defense . Pep Guardiola 's team had needed 69 minutes to break the deadlock as striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic headed over from Messi 's delicate chip and then the midweek savior had another effort cleared off the line by defender Weligton . Young winner Pedro Rodriguez finally settled the home fans ' nerves when he cut in from the left and curled a right-foot effort in at the near post for his seventh league goal this season . It was morale-boosting win for Guardiola after his team needed to come from behind to draw 1-1 with Stuttgart in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie in Germany on Tuesday . Real Madrid , beaten by Lyon in the Champions League the week before that , followed up last Sunday 's 6-2 thrashing of Villarreal with another goal frenzy on the island of Tenerife . Gonzalo Higuain netted the first two , set up Kaka for the third and also hit the bar in a win that slightly flattered Manuel Pellegrini 's team . Higuain broke the deadlock in the 29th minute and was set free by Marcelo for the second three minutes before halftime , then Tenerife scored a controversial goal a minute after the restart when Ayoze Garcia appeared to head the ball out of the hands of goalkeeper Iker Casillas and into the net . But Brazil star Kaka ran onto Higuain 's clever pass to restore Real 's two-goal lead two minutes later , then the Argentine lobbed a shot onto the Tenerife crossbar . Portugal forward Cristiano Ronaldo made it 4-1 from the penalty spot with 11 minutes to play after Rafael Van der Vaart 's cross hit the hand of unlucky defender Ezequiel Luna . Dutch midfielder Van der Vaart also laid on the fifth goal in the second minute of time added on as substitute Raul netted the 322nd goal of his long career . In Sunday 's games , third-placed Valencia travel to Atletico Madrid and fourth-placed Sevilla host Athletic Bilbao . In Germany , leaders Bayer Leverkusen set a new Bundesliga record of 24 matches undefeated following Saturday 's frustrating 0-0 draw at home to Rhine rivals Cologne . Leverkusen moved one point clear of Bayern Munich , who can take top spot with victory at home to fourth-placed Hamburg on Sunday . Werder Bremen maintained sixth place with a 2-1 win at Mainz , Stuttgart beat Eintracht Frankfurt by the same score thanks to a first-half double from Cacau and Hoffenheim won 2-0 at bottom club Hertha Berlin . In Italy , 10th-placed Fiorentina snatched a 1-1 draw at struggling Lazio as on-loan striker Keirrison scored his first goal in Serie A in time added on to cancel out Sebastiano Siviglia 's seventh-minute opener . Catania moved above Lazio into 15th place with a 4-0 victory at home to Bari , who stayed in 12th . Italian leaders Inter Milan travel to Udinese on Sunday , while second-placed city rivals AC Milan host Atalanta .	Barcelona struggle to a 2-1 victory at home to Malaga to return to top of Spanish table Lionel Messi 's late winner puts Catalans two points clear of second-placed Real Madrid Real had briefly taken top spot with 5-1 victory away to Tenerife earlier on Saturday German leaders Bayer Leverkusen set Bundesliga record of 24 league games unbeaten
Washington  CNN  The Congress that has done virtually nothing for two years is wrapping up 2014 with a bang . Dozens of policy provisions are tucked into a 1,603-page bill that will keep the government open through next September . The provisions affect everything from campaign finance laws to financial regulations , marijuana possession and even the government 's purchase of white potatoes . The bill , which was negotiated between Democrats and Republicans over several weeks , is expected to get a vote in the House on Thursday -- right as Washington faces a deadline to avert another government shutdown . The provisions are notable because House Republican leaders frequently tout a transparent process . But some of the items added at the last minute to this massive funding bill were never discussed in any committee hearing , or voted on as part of any of the nearly dozen spending bills that were rolled into one package to result in the 1,603-page legislation . House Speaker John Boehner defended including all these so-called "  policy riders " in the spending bill on Wednesday . "  Understand all these provisions in the bill were worked out in a bi-partisan , bi-cameral fashion or they would n't be in the bill , " Boehner said . Here is a quick list of some of the changes : Blocking new marijuana legalization bill in Washington , D.C. : Voters in D.C. approved a measure to decriminalize recreational marijuana use last month . But Congress has authority over the city 's finances , so the bill bars the District from using any of its own money or federal funds to regulate the use of pot . Wealthy donors allowed to give more to political parties : The bill increases the individual limits that donors can give to national parties to help fund conventions , building funds and legal proceedings , such as recounts . The change would effectively allow rich donors to give ten times more than they can today to support political parties . Republicans who pushed for the change say they are substituting more private money for the taxpayer money that was collected for national political campaign committees , but instead used to fund a pediatric cancer bill that passed earlier this year . More wheat bread for school lunches : Republicans wanted to block new nutritional requirements for school lunches under a program championed by First Lady Michelle Obama . But instead of wiping out the rule , Republicans and Democrats agreed to give local schools more flexibility on how they decided to include whole grain items on school menus . The sage grouse faces uncertain future : The Fish and Wildlife Service wanted to add the sage grouse - a type of bird found in some western states - to the endangered species list , but Republicans argued that would have a negative economic fallout for energy companies developing resources in those states . No more taxpayer money for expensive portraits : Committee chairs and other high ranking government officials in Washington often commission large , often very pricey portraits of themselves to hang in hearing rooms . Under the bill they would need to use private money to pay for any new portraits . Old fashioned light bulbs still allowed : The bill blocks new energy efficient standards that would have made incandescent light bulbs obsolete . Consumers had complained about the new requirements . White potatoes get top billing : A new provision was added requiring that the Women , Infants and Children program that provides food assistance to low income families include fresh vegetables , and includes an explicit requirement for white potatoes . Truckers wo n't be required to get more sleep : Safety advocates wanted to require truck drivers to get a full two night 's sleep before beginning their new shift on the road , but the bill blocks that requirement . Farmers get a reprieve from some clean water rules : The deal prevents the Environmental Protection Agency from enforcing some of its clean water act rules in some agricultural regions . Gitmo prisoners ca n't come to the United States : The bill bars money for transferring any detainees held at the facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , to any prisons in the U.S. Banks allowed to use taxpayer money to engage in potentially risky trades : The bill rolls back a provision that was part of financial reforms for Wall Street banks . It reverses a rule that was enacted in 2010 that barred banks from using taxpayer backed funds from trading in derivatives . Democrats argue these often risky trades helped contribute to the financial collapse in 2008 . Blocks IRS from targeting certain groups : The bill prevents any federal money to be used by the Internal Revenue Service to target any advocacy group based on their ideological leanings . This practice is already not allowed , but Republicans wanted to underline it after internal documents showed that some IRS employees targeted some groups when investigating their tax-exempt status . New sexual harassment training for Hill staffers : The measure requires the Chief Administrative Officer , the office that oversees the thousands of aides working on Capitol Hill , to develop an online training program focused on sexual harassment . Earlier this year , Louisiana GOP Rep Vance McAllister was caught kissing a member of his own staff . What the bill does n't do : The bill does n't block the president 's executive action on immigration . Conservatives wanted to use the spending bill to strip away money for any agencies tasked with implementing the president 's new policy . But the legislation continues funding for the Department of Homeland Security through the end of February . The deal does n't roll back any major portions of Obamacare - it allows for continued funding at the current levels . Last fall the GOP 's effort to defund the health care law as part of the spending bill resulted in a government shutdown , a move leaders pledged they did n't want to repeat this year .	Lawmakers tucked in dozens of items to the spending bill Items affect everything from financial regulations to white potatoes Congress must pass bill by Thursday to avert a shutdown
CNN  -- Imagine hurtling down a mountain at 60 miles an hour . Now imagine doing it virtually blind . For Kelly Gallagher , it 's a thrilling reality . She might not quite reach the speeds of fully-sighted skiers -- Olympic champions can clock upwards of 90 mph -- but it is nonetheless a daunting prospect . It involves a great deal of trust in her guide , Charlotte Evans , a former skier herself who will play a key role in their chances of success at next month 's Winter Paralympics in Sochi . "  I do n't really have depth perception , so snow in particular is quite difficult , " Gallagher tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I definitely need Charlotte to be able to help me ski . " The 28-year-old from Northern Ireland was born with oculocutaneous albinism , a condition that affects skin , hair and eyes . Bright lights give her difficulties , forcing her to squint . "  I grew up not really realizing the extent of my visual impairment , " she says . "  I was always encouraged by my parents to do whatever I wanted to do and if I wanted rollerblades , my mum would reluctantly let me have them . "  So although I know I have a visual impairment , it has n't really stopped me in too many ways -- other than I ca n't drive a car . " Gallagher was certainly a late bloomer when it came to skiing , only taking it up -- understandably with some trepidation -- as a 17-year-old while on a family holiday in Andorra , the tiny landlocked nation bordering Spain and France . "  I tried to convince the instructor that I could n't see anything , " she says . "  He thought it was the bad visibility . "  We just got on with it and had a go , and I 've never felt that sense of freedom or sense of joy from anything I 'd done , so it was something I really threw myself into when I was at university . "  It 's a real joy and something I have n't found in another part of my life . Ski racing and skiing at speed , it 's something that I 'm not able to do on a bike or on a car or on a horse . "  I always have to give away that responsibility or that part of enjoyment to someone else . Somebody else is always driving or I 'm not able to go fast on a bike or I 'm doing it in tandem , but with Charlotte skiing in front of me , I 'm doing it all my own and she 's just leading me . " Evans serves as Gallagher 's eyes as they twist , turn and descend on tricky terrain . She guides Gallagher , who trails a few meters behind , down the course , as they communicate through microphones in their respective helmets . Gallagher tunes out the sound of the wind , spectators and looming helicopters , focusing solely on Evans ' voice . It 's then up to Gallagher to make adjustments as she 's warned about a difficult patch , told to "  tuck " or , conversely , drop speed . Call it a sort of leap of faith but also a study in quick reflexes . "  Charlotte and I worked a lot off snow in order for us to have that foundation on snow , " Gallagher says , revealing that they saw a sports psychologist early on to help their partnership . If they ca n't communicate due to a breakdown in the audio equipment , Evans will -- and has -- stopped races . "  Safety first " is her mantra , though Gallagher admits she was n't averse to throwing caution to the wind earlier in her career . "  There 's a confidence that comes with knowing Charlotte is in front of me , " said Gallagher . "  Even if Charlotte is in difficulty , I am very confident skiing behind her . She would n't be bringing me into a situation where I would n't be able to cope with anything . " Evans is a former English champion who combined with Gallagher after a serious knee injury essentially ended her own competition hopes . By the time they met in November 2010 , Gallagher had already made history by becoming Northern Ireland 's first Winter Paralympian at the Vancouver Games earlier that year . When her guide -- another ex-racer named Claire Robb -- later left , Gallagher was "  desperate " to find someone else in order to continue her athletic career . In came Evans , who had snapped her cruciate ligament at the British Championships but still harbored hopes of a comeback . "  I was asked to do this and my first instinct was , ' I must be crazy . I ca n't have that responsibility . I 'm 18 . I ca n't . I do n't think I 'm ready for that , ' " Evans recalls . "  It was actually my dad who was very much like , ` You have to just try . What 's the problem ? ' "  I did . The plan was to go back but I made a lot better decision and I 'm now here four years later . " The two are like family now . Even when on individual holidays , thoughts of the other are never far away . "  We would talk about this thing called , ` mention-itis , ' " says the ever-bubbly Gallagher . "  Whenever I go home , it takes me a good four to five days to stop being like , ` Charlotte thinks this ' or ` Charlotte does n't like to eat that . ' "  Even on Charlotte 's worst day , I would rather be with her than anyone else skiing . I find it a total delight to ski with her . " "  Awww ! " responds Evans . There 's no doubt that the chemistry has led to fine results , so a medal or two in Sochi -- the Paralympics begin on March 7 -- would n't come as a surprise . They plan to compete for Great Britain in all five alpine skiing events -- the downhill , super-G , super combined , giant slalom and slalom . The pair warmed up by winning a super combined race in Canada in January , and they grabbed two silver medals and two bronze medals at last year 's world championships in La Molina , Spain . "  I think our hopes are just to ski as well as we can and stick to what we know and not try to change anything , " says Evans . "  It 'll be my first Games . I 'm normally the confident one who says , ` We 're going to this race and we 're going to do this , ' but maybe Kelly will be my help and bring me back to the base . "  We ca n't wait to get on the big stage . " At some point Evans wants to finish her degree in sports science . As for Gallagher , she admits she 's nervous about returning to her job as a statistician -- because her "  brain has really turned to mush " since immersing herself in skiing . For the time being , though , and with Evans ' assistance , the numbers might add up to success in Sochi .	Kelly Gallagher and Charlotte Evans will be competing at the Sochi Winter Paralympics The skiers enter the Games in good form , claiming top spot in a recent super-combined race Gallagher is visually impaired and Evans became her guide after a serious knee injury Gallagher says of her native Northern Ireland : "  We have hills but we do n't have mountains . "
CNN  -- Grigor Dimitrov and Milos Raonic have often been talked about this year as being part of the next generation of players who can break up the dominance of tennis ' Big Four . But judging by his display at the U.S. Open , Marin Cilic could be the most likely candidate . Cilic became only the third men 's player outside Roger Federer , Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray to win a grand slam title since early 2005 when he crushed Kei Nishikori 6-3 6-3 6-3 in under two hours in New York on Monday . Few , however , would have seen it coming -- last year the 25-year-old Croatian did n't play at the season 's final major because he was serving a drug suspension . Cilic felt aggrieved when he received his nine-month ban after testing positive for a banned stimulant he said got into his system accidentally . It was later reduced to four months by the Court of Arbitration for Sport , which ruled that the initial punishment handed out by the International Tennis Federation was too severe . He returned late last year with extra gusto -- and a serve made even better by his charismatic coach , countryman and idol , Goran Ivanisevic . Ivanisevic himself was one of the biggest servers in the history of the men 's game . "  In this last year my team has brought something special to me , especially Goran , " Cilic , who pocketed $ 3 million , told the crowd . "  We 're working really hard , but most important of all the things he brought to me was enjoying tennis and always having fun . "  I think I enjoyed my best tennis over here and I played the best ever in my life . "  One of the biggest pieces of advice Goran gave me this tournament was to not think too much , " he later told Britain 's Sky Sports . "  Toss the ball , hit it , play your game , be aggressive . Try to be relaxed . " The 6-foot-6 Cilic overpowered Federer in the semifinals in straight sets and did the same against the diminutive Nishikori , firing 17 aces and winning 80 % of his first-serve points . In the sixth game of the second set , Cilic hit four straight aces to hold to love . And when it was n't his thunderous serve , it was his heavy ground strokes that pinned back his Japanese opponent . While Ivanisevic won Wimbledon in 2001 to send his nation into a frenzy , Nishikori was bidding to become the first Asian man to claim a grand slam singles title . Back at home ahead of the finale , excitement soared to unprecedented levels after Nishikori upset Djokovic in the semifinals . Replicas of his shirt were sold out , his racket was in high demand and television viewers bought subscriptions in vast numbers to watch the final against Cilic that began at 6 a.m. in Tokyo . Alas , they were disappointed . But the 24-year-old Nishikori still made history by becoming the first Asian man to play in a grand slam singles final . Remarkably , he did n't know if he would be able to compete in New York this year because he had surgery to remove a cyst from his toe a month ago and missed warmup tournaments in Toronto and Cincinnati . "  He was playing really well today and I could n't play my tennis , " Nishikori told the crowd . "  It 's a really tough loss but I 'm happy to come into the final . "  It was a fun two weeks . " Monday marked the first occasion since the 2005 French Open that two players in their maiden grand slam final faced off , leading Ivanisevic to proclaim beforehand that Cilic and Nishikori would be nervous . Both began the tournament outside the top 10 , though they 're now in it . "  They are both climbing to Mount Everest , " Ivanisevic told Sky Sports . "  I do n't know who is going to stick the flag ,  a  Japanese or Croatian . " Cilic , though , seemed relaxed from the outset . He smiled as he walked in the tunnel that led to the biggest court in tennis , during the coin toss and when he took part in the pre-match photo . It turns out he was bluffing . "  The night before I was completely relaxed , " said Cilic . "  I was feeling that it 's just another match , another day . But a couple of hours before the match the nerves started to kick in and I was a bit nervous . "  I did n't know what to expect on the court . " Cilic -- who entered the encounter with a 2-5 record against Nishikori -- nonetheless set the tone by saving a break point in the first game with a fine running forehand cross court . Whether it was nerves or the different conditions -- it was cooler and slower than when he downed Djokovic -- Nishikori often mistimed his shots in the first set . He showed his frustration at 2-4 after he struck a short ball that allowed Cilic to pounce with a forehand . Nishikori never did turn things around , finishing with 19 winners and 30 unforced errors . Cilic was broken for the only time as he attempted to close out the second set but then broke straight back to take a two-set lead . Nishikori engineered five-set magic against Raonic and Stan Wawrinka in the fourth round and quarterfinals , respectively , but there would be no stretching Cilic to five sets . Wawrinka beat Nadal to win the Australian Open in January , although the Spaniard was severely hampered by a bad back . Another break handed Cilic the lead in the third set and when he fended off three break points in the seventh game , the match was essentially over . After double faulting on a first match point -- he tried to finish matters in style with a second-serve ace -- there was no mistaking on the second match point . Cilic ripped a backhand cross-court that gave Nishikori no chance and he collapsed to the court before making his way up to his player box to celebrate . The celebrations will intensify when he returns to Croatia . "  Everybody from home was telling me it was a huge day for Croatia , " Cilic said . "  Everybody was stuck to the TVs . " A continuation of this form and Cilic can expect to be celebrating much more in the future .	Marin Cilic defeats Kei Nishikori in New York to claim his first major Cilic and Nishikori were each playing in their first grand slam final A year ago Cilic did n't play at the U.S. Open as he served a drug ban Nishikori was trying to become the first Asian man to win a major
CNN  -- Hundreds of state troopers and police from throughout the country stood at attention outside a Pennsylvania church Thursday to mourn Cpl. Bryon Dickson amid concerns that a survivalist and war buff suspected of gunning down two troopers may be on the hunt for more officers . The FBI , meanwhile , placed shooting suspect Eric Matthew Frein on its Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list and offered a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . As bagpipes played a mournful tune outside St. Peter 's Cathedral in Scranton , a small army of troopers stood at attention out of respect for the 38-year-old former marine . A Marine honor guard displayed Corps colors and the American Flag . Church bells rang slowly as six troopers carried Dickson 's coffin out of the church and into a silver hearse , followed by the slain officer 's young sons , Bryon III and Adam , and his wife Tiffany . Earlier , the Rev. Thomas Muldowney , the Pennsylvania State Police chaplain , told the congregation , "  We gather here in sorrow , disbelief and anger . But most importantly we gather here in faith . " Muldowney said "  Bryon 's life was truly a gift from God himself . " "  You can remember him and only that he is gone , " Muldowney said , "  or cherish his memory and let it live on . " "  Although our hearts today are heavy with grief , may we celebrate a life well-lived and find peace as we remember the many happy and special times that we shared with our fellow brother , " he said . "  May we believe that he is in a place where he will continue to watch over us as we move forward . " Police continue to search for the man who killed Dickson and wounded another trooper last Friday , officials said . On Thursday , authorities said they believe the suspect is still in the area . Frein is a survivalist with an extensive shooting background and a grudge against law enforcement , officials said . Frein apparently cut his hair into a mohawk style before the attack on police and was active in a military simulation unit that re-enacted Cold War-era European conflicts . Frein is the 503rd person to be placed on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted Fugitives list . His FBI most-wanted poster describes him as a "  heavy smoker , a weapons enthusiast , and a survivalist . He claims to have fought with Serbians in Africa , and he has studied Russian and Serbian languages . " Pennsylvania State Police Commissioner Frank Noonan said Wednesday investigators are trying to determine why Frein may have attacked in the small , central Pennsylvania town of Blooming Grove . But they know that , generally , Frein "  has made statements about wanting to kill law enforcement officers and also to commit mass acts of murder , " Noonan said . "  He has very strong feelings about law enforcement and seems to be very angry with a lot of things that go on in our society . " Police say he 's responsible for the chaotic , bloody scene Friday night at the state police barracks in Blooming Grove , Pennsylvania . Pennsylvania State Police Lt. Col. George Bivens said Frein has an apparent fascination with Eastern European armies , their history and attire . His simulation group -- which Bivens declined to name -- would stage re-enactments using Airsoft guns . In this case , though , authorities say Frein is using live ammunition and shooting to kill . "  It is believed that Frein has assumed the simulation role , and is now acting it out in real life , " Bivens said . Bivens said Frein has "  his head shaved on the sides with long hair on top , " wider than a "  mohawk " haircut , apparently as part of his mental preparation for his attacks on the troopers . The hairstyle is "  completely different from what he had worn for years . In words directed at Frein , Bivens was blunt . "  If you are cowering in some cool damp place , " Bivens said , "  We are coming for you . It is only a matter of time until we bring you to justice for committing these cowardly acts . " Nearly 200 officers are scouring eastern Pennsylvania for Frein . The manhunt prompted area schools to close Wednesday . Until Frein is caught , no one is letting their guard down . Bivens said Frein has had a "  longstanding gripe with law enforcement and government in general " since at least 2006 and will likely "  stay focused on that fight . " Bivens said he thinks Frein is likely still in the general area . ` Get him inside ' Cpl. Bryon Dickson was just ending his shift around 11:50 p.m. Friday when he walked out the station 's front door . He barely made it outside when a gunman shot him multiple times , a probable cause affidavit said . Another officer , who saw Dickson on the ground , came outside to help , the affidavit said . But as Dickson told her what happened , another shot pierced the air . According to the documents , Dickson asked his colleague to "  get him inside . " But she could n't . At about the same time , a third officer headed in to start his overnight shift . But as Trooper Alex Douglass walked toward the front door , he , too , was shot , the affidavit said . While Douglass managed to crawl into the station , other officers had to devise a plan to safely move Dickson inside . They swooped into the front of the building in a marked SUV to block troopers as they brought Dickson into the building . But it was too late . Dickson was declared dead at the station . Douglass was rushed to a hospital in Scranton and is recovering from a gunshot wound to the pelvic area . Authorities have been looking for Frein since . They have n't found him . But , on Monday morning , a man walking his dog in a wooded area of Pike County noticed a green Jeep slightly submerged in a retention pond , according to the affidavit . As he walked closer , he noticed no one was inside . But when troopers executed a search warrant , they found a cache of items inside : two spent .308 cartridge casings , camouflage face paint , military gear and information concerning foreign embassies , the affidavit said . They also found Frein 's driver 's license and Social Security card . A survivalist by hobby Frein , 31 , is a survivalist by hobby who lives in Monroe County , authorities said . Noonan said anyone who spots Frein or knows something about him , should contact authorities right away . A friend of the suspect described Frein as "  a pretty rational guy . " "  He 's intelligent . When people say that he 's a survivalist , there 's almost somewhat of a negative connotation to that , " the friend , who wanted to be identified only as "  Jack , " told CNN 's Alisyn Camerota . "  He definitely let his opinions about the government be known , " Jack said . "  He was obviously a big critic of the federal government , but he never specifically targeted police when he was talking to me . No indications of really any malice towards law enforcement in particular . Most of his aggression was  toward  the federal government . " Frein 's father told authorities that two firearms were missing from the family 's house , including an AK-47 and a rifle . The father said his son grew up with guns and was a member of his high school 's rifle club . When Frein shoots , his father told authorities , he "  does n't miss . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Jason Carroll , Ashley Fantz , Catherine E. Shoichet , Marlena Baldacci and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report	NEW : Suspect is now on FBI 's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list NEW : Hundreds of law enforcement officers attend slain trooper 's funeral Manhunt is on for Eric Matthew Frein , 31 , wanted in the state trooper 's death Police : Frein was part of military simulation group , is now "  acting it out in real life "
CNN  -- Russell Bailyn and Jay Gatsby have several things in common : They are both wealthy , live in Long Island , and know how to throw a great 1920s party . Of course , the similarities end there . Bailyn is a wealth manager working in Manhattan , who rented out a 1900s mansion for his 30th birthday last year . Gatsby is a fictional character -- the protagonist of F. Scott Fitzgerald 's "  The Great Gatsby , " known for his lavish and extravagant weekend-long parties . Director Baz Luhrmann 's much-anticipated adaptation of "  Gatsby " hits theaters on May 10 . The movie , much like the classic book , is expected to paint a glamorous portrait of the '20s . It 's a decade that many have attempted to recreate today through themed parties . ` Unfilmable ' novels ? No such thing , says Hollywood Bailyn , who lives and grew up in Great Neck , New York ,  the town where Fitzgerald lived and is rumored to have been the basis for the novel 's "  West Egg "  said he 's enjoyed hosting memorable birthday parties since he turned 16 . "  I figured ` going Gatsby ' would be the perfect idea for the big 3-oh , " he said . See more photos from Bailyn 's party To be fair , lavish "  Gatsby " affairs may not be what Fitzgerald had in mind -- his book critiques the nouveau riche of the 1920s -- but they 're undeniably fun . And that 's what really matters when it comes to parties , right ? We asked Bailyn and others who shared their 1920s party stories on CNN iReport for their top tips for hosting a successful soiree . We ca n't help but think that Gatsby himself would try to score an invite . If you 've hosted a 1920s party or are planning to , let us know . Share your story on CNN iReport .	Much-anticipated adaptation of "  The Great Gatsby " hits theaters on May 10 CNN asked iReporters to share their 1920s-themed parties and tips Some hosted lavish affairs ; others recreated "  Gatsby " on a budget The No. 1 party-hosting tip ? Pay attention to your guest list
CNN  -- Valentine 's Day evokes a variety of expectations . Some look forward to a romantic dinner or a special gift , while others treat it like any other day . Whatever the case , how you approach this nationally recognized "  holiday " reflects your expectations within your relationship , experts say . "  It varies from couple to couple , but usually the way you feel about it is a metaphor for your expectations of the relationship , " said family psychotherapist Fran Walfish . If someone 's more easygoing and has low expectations , it says something about his or her ability to be flexible and adaptable , she said . On the other hand , if a husband expects the wife to surprise him with dinner at a restaurant he 's secretly dying to go to , it shows that he sets the bar high in the relationship and expects her to deliver , Walfish said . It does n't hurt to use Valentine 's Day as an opportunity to step up your game and show you care , but do n't let the relationship live or die based on this day alone , she said . "  The affirmation and declaration of love is not in a gift or in one day . It 's a 365-day year experience of feeling like your partner has an interest and desire to know your wants and comfort level . " What couples do also tends to evolve depending on the stage of the relationship . CNN 's team of feature writers and producers solicited feedback from Facebook and beyond on how folks plan to observe Valentine 's Day , if at all , with bonus information on nontraditional relationships . Young love For new couples , Valentine 's Day is a good opportunity to set the record straight as far as expectations , with an open , honest discussion , which could help determine whether the relationship 's going to work , Walfish said . Among our Facebook friends , that means dinner or drinks at a place they 've been dying to try . A card , candy , or a thoughtful gift might be involved to let your partner know you 're serious . If Valentine 's Day occurs early in the relationship , the female tends to expect more from the guy , and he 's probably stressing out over the situation , said Blaire Allison , "  The Love Guru , " who coaches people in matters of the heart . "  When you 're first starting a relationship , there 's always that fear factor involved because the guy does n't want to disappoint the girl , but he but does n't want to do something over the top that 'll scare her off , " Allison said . The DINKS  double-income , no kids Married or not , this ai n't their first rodeo , and they tend to know what they want out of the evening . Plus , having no kids means more time , money and flexibility to do whatever you want . To us , it kind of seems like the best situation for doing something for the holiday , as it elicited the most diverse responses . For some , it meant date night at Carnegie Hall or steak frites and a night in a hotel . A friend who 's a vegan chef is making a special meatless meal for her sweetie , complete with chocolate cookies with raspberry jam centers . Eatocracy managing editor Kat Kinsman says she and her husband buy each other Scotch or Madiran wine , and he cooks the same meal every year : steak  the first year , it was heart-shaped  , pattypan squash , hen of the woods mushrooms . Another constant : "  There is NEVER a restaurant involved . " When money is tight , a bouquet of flowers does the trick , one friend said , as they 're "  cheaper than jewelry and healthier than chocolate . " Speaking of thoughtful and unhealthy , one person who flew home from a conference in Chicago brought a deep-dish pizza back to her significant other . Married with children Children might change priorities in a relationship , but that makes Valentine 's Day the perfect opportunity for a couple to reclaim some time just for themselves , Walfish said . "  Many people who 've been married for a long time can get lazy and stuck in a rut and do n't want to take the energy and initiative , " she said . "  If there 's no time to get away , after the children go to sleep , plan to be together and not in pajamas and take the time to make good eye contact and commit . " Things are a bit different for one friend now that he and his wife have a toddler . But he still writes a poem for his wife and they make handmade gifts for each other . Another friend and her husband have cut back on dinners out since the birth of their daughter and purchasing a new home , but they still exchange cards . The long haul Eventually , the children grow up and leave the nest , if all goes according to plan . For some , it 's an opportunity to reclaim life as a couple . Dinner and flowers are generally a part of the celebration , with special enhancements when possible , said a relative who lives in Europe . In recent years , the couple have spent weekends in Barcelona , Spain , and Oxford , England . The husband bought a picture for his wife of two people walking in a park together that reminded him of them . "  All the more special since I gave it to her on Valentine 's Day , " he said . "  Still my favorite picture . " Nontraditional relationships Not every relationship fits into one of those categories , but that does n't mean nontraditional lovers do n't want to celebrate their relationships just like the rest . Take , for example , polyamorous "  families , " which consist of multiple romantic partners , from as few as three to north of 20 in some instances . "  Each of my partners is like those in any monogamous relationships , " said Shara Smith , a representative of the Polyamory Media Association , which provides members of the press with information and spokespeople on how polyamory works . "  There 's really no difference between how I feel about my current partners or how we relate to each other . The only difference is I did n't have to break up with one to start the other . " Smith , her three male partners and their additional "  metamors " are going out for dinner at a nice steakhouse in Tampa , Florida . All told , there will be six of them around the table . "  I do n't personally observe Valentine 's Day , but my partners ' other partners do , " she said . "  The holiday 's not important , but making my loved ones feel that I care about them is important . "	What couples do on Valentine 's Day depends on the stage of the relationship For new couples , it 's a good opportunity to set the record straight for expectations Valentine 's Day can be an opportunity to reclaim life as a couple
CNN  -- Iran could see widespread protests this weekend , as a day of mourning for the most prominent cleric to oppose the regime coincides with the major Shiite holy day of Ashura . Iran -- whose regime exists as an explicitly Shiite Muslim leadership -- may find it politically and culturally difficult to put a lid on the marking of Ashura this year . It falls on Sunday -- which happens to be a week to the day since the death of Grand Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri , a key figure in the 1979 Iranian revolution . Montazeri , who went on to become one of the government 's most vocal critics , died December 20 . The seventh day after a death is a traditional time for mourning in Islam , giving Iran 's opposition two reasons to demonstrate on Sunday , both with impeccable religious justification . But what exactly is Ashura and why does it draw such passionate crowds , some of whom beat themselves until they bleed ? The holy day commemorates the martyrdom of Imam Hussein , who died in 680 fighting to lead the religion based on the teachings of his grandfather , the Prophet Mohammed . The battle is one of the defining points in the split between the two main branches of Islam , the majority Sunnis and the minority Shiites . Hussein was badly outnumbered when he was killed fighting Yazeed near the city of Karbala , in modern-day Iraq . Shiites commemorate the death of Hussein each year , climaxing on Ashura -- the 10th day of the month of Muharram -- after a 40-day mourning period . While Shiites are a minority among Muslims worldwide , they are the majority in Iraq and Iran , where the day sees tens or even hundreds of thousands of faithful out on the streets . Some of the most dramatic scenes take place in Karbala itself , as Shiites congregate to do symbolic penance for failing to come to Hussein 's aid in his uprising against Yazeed . Believers chant , beat their breasts , cut themselves with daggers or swords and whip themselves in synchronized moves . In Iraq under Saddam Hussein , the marking of Ashura was banned for 30 years .  The former dictator was a Sunni .  The first public Ashura demonstrations in Karbala after his fall , in 2004 , came under attack by Sunni militants .	Iran may find it difficult to put a lid on the marking of Ashura this year It falls one week to the day after the death of Grand Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri Montazeri , a key figure from the 1979 revolution , was an opponent of the current regime Ashura marks the martyrdom of Imam Hussein , grandson of Mohammed
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. telecommunications companies are trying to put some distance between themselves and U.S. government spying programs after years of quietly complying with court orders to cooperate with National Security Agency surveillance . The Obama administration on Wednesday released a set of declassified court documents showing that in 2010 , a U.S. telecom company pushed the government to prove the legality of the NSA 's bulk collection of data on U.S. phone calls . The so-called phone metadata program , authorized under Section 215 of the Patriot Act , became public last year in documents leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden . Since the Snowden disclosures , telecommucations providers have come under criticism from privacy advocates for not fighting hard enough to protect their customers ' data from the government 's mass surveillance programs . Some technology companies have complained that their compliance , under court order , with U.S. surveillance programs has caused customers to distrust them and could harm their business and the U.S. economy . In January , after a pair of conflicting federal court rulings on the legality of the data program , Verizon questioned the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court about the legal basis for the program . The court turned away the challenge and ordered the company to continue complying . The documents released Wednesday show there was an earlier , more modest effort in 2010 made by at least one provider to push the government to explain the legality of the data collection . Wednesday 's declassification came after the company , unidentified in the partially redacted court documents made public , pressed the government to release the 2010 court records , according to people familiar with the matter . The name of company remains classified , but an official familiar with the matter confirmed it was Sprint . The Washington Post first reported the name of the company and said the company 's lawyers were prepared in 2010 to challenge the NSA program 's legality until the government more fully explained it . Sprint is pleased with the release of the records , spokesman John Taylor said . "  Sprint believes that substantive legal grounding should be provided when the government requests customer information from carriers , " he said . "  Sprint has a longstanding commitment to protecting our customers ' privacy and will challenge an order for customer information that we do n't think complies with the law . "  This is an important part of the debate in how our government balances the need to provide for our national security while protecting civil liberties , " Taylor continued . "  Sprint also believes this balance can be achieved without obligating carriers to keep customer information any longer than necessary for legitimate business purposes . " With ongoing Snowden document disclosures , the company sought the declassification to show it did n't blindly go along with government spying , according to a U.S. official familiar with the matter . The 2010 records show the dispute fell short of a full court challenge of the NSA data collection . But documents show the company pushed the government into negotiations to provide more information about the legality of the program . In the end , the documents show , a federal judge on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ordered the company to continue to comply with the NSA 's programs . Opinion : Let the spies spy , let the cops chase terrorists Behind the NSA 's mysterious coded tweet	Telecommunications company challenged NSA 's data collection , papers show The newly released documents show firms pressed U.S. to prove legality in 2010 The companies had been criticized for not protecting customers ' privacy
CNN  -- A paramedic accused of plotting to extort $ 25 million from actor John Travolta after his 16-year-old son died in the Bahamas told a jury Wednesday the boy had been dead for some time before the ambulance service was called . John Travolta 's 16-year-old son , Jett , died in the Bahamas in January after having a seizure . Tarino Lightbourn said in his statement to the Nassau , Bahamas , jury that a doctor told medics to keep administering cardiopulmonary resuscitation on Jett Travolta despite knowing the teen was dead , and that the ambulance company was told to transport him to the hospital -- something not usually done if a person was already dead . Lightbourn and former Bahamian Sen. Pleasant Bridgewater are on trial on charges they attempted to extort money from Travolta after his son 's January 2 death from a seizure . In Bahamian courts , defendants are allowed to make a statement without being placed under oath and will not face cross-examination . Earlier in the trial , Travolta testified that his son was found unresponsive by a nanny at the home on the island of Grand Bahama , where the family was spending the New Year 's holiday . Lightbourn said Jett Travolta 's veins had collapsed and his body was stiff as he lay on the bathroom floor . Someone in the room suggested that those present would receive a lot of money if they stayed quiet , he said , adding he thought this was part of a cover-up . Lightbourn did not say to whom he was referring . Travolta testified he initially told the ambulance driver to rush them to an airport where his private jet was parked and where Travolta , who is a pilot , planned to fly his son to a West Palm Beach , Florida , hospital instead of driving him to one in nearby Freeport . The paramedic , however , asked Travolta to sign a statement releasing the ambulance company from liability . "  I received a liability of release document . I signed it . I did not read it . Time was of the essence , " Travolta testified earlier in the trial . While he and his wife were riding in the ambulance with their son , they decided to divert to the hospital . At the hospital , the actor was told his son "  was n't alive , " he said . In her statement , Bridgewater said she advised Lightbourn not to sell the document because she was trying to protect the Travoltas and the Bahamas . She said she was concerned Travolta would tell his friends not to travel to the Bahamas because of the lack of privacy . Lightbourn said Wednesday that he asked attorney Bridgewater to assist him in negotiations with Travolta 's attorneys . Travolta earlier testified he learned of a demand for $ 25 million , or "  stories connected to that document would be sold to the press ... The stories would imply the death of my son was intentional and I was culpable somehow . " Travolta attorney Michael McDermott testified that he assisted police in a sting by secretly recording meeting with the defendants in a Nassau hotel room . Bahamian police had placed wireless microphones on McDermott and hidden two cameras in his room , McDermott said . Lightbourn said his eyes popped when Travolta 's attorney offered him $ 15 million for the document Travolta signed . Travolta 's attorney testified the negotiations between Lightbourn and himself were all part of the Bahamian police sting . On Wednesday , Travolta attorney Michael Ossi told CNN he could not comment on specifics in the case . "  The statements made today are not evidence , but what has already been placed into evidence speaks for itself , " he said . Defense attorneys have attempted to convince the jury that Travolta 's attorney came to the Bahamas to "  set up " their clients . Murrio Ducille , who represents Bridgewater , said to Travolta 's attorney , "  you came to the island with evil in your heart . " The trial is expected to wrap up early next week when the jury will begin its deliberations . Travolta and his wife , actress Kelly Preston , are not expected back in court . Journalist Arthia Nixon in Nassau , Bahamas , contributed to this report .	Paramedic on trial , accused of plotting to extort $ 25 million from John Travolta Tarino Lightbourn testifies Jett Travolta had been dead before help was summoned In Bahamas , defendants can make statement without being under oath Travolta 's son died on Grand Bahama island on January 2 after a seizure
CNN  -- New York Yankee Alex Rodriguez sharply criticized Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig and the league 's investigations division Thursday . "  I am deeply troubled by my team 's investigative findings with respect to MLB 's conduct , " Rodriguez said through his spokesman Ron Berkowitz . Rodriguez accused Selig of turning a blind eye to what he said was "  gross , ongoing misconduct " of the division that he claims was responsible for his suspension . Rodriguez is appealing his 211-game suspension for alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs . His legal team will present its side of the case to an arbitrator on November 18 . Major League Baseball had a similarly sharp response for the three-time MVP and 14-time All-Star . "  This latest , sad chapter in Mr. Rodriguez 's tarnished career is yet another example of this player trying to avoid taking responsibility for his poor choices , " said the league 's Chief Operating Officer Rob Manfred . He continued , "  Mr. Rodriguez 's use of  performance-enhancing drugs  was longer and more pervasive than any other player , and when this process is complete , the facts will prove that it is Mr. Rodriguez and his representatives who have engaged in ongoing , gross misconduct . " War or words between MLB , A-Rod continues Since the arbitration hearing began on September 30 , Rodriguez has filed two lawsuits : one against Selig and MLB , and a second against Yankees team physician Christopher Ahmad and his hospital , New York Presbyterian/Columbia University Medical Center . Earlier this month , Manfred strongly denied any improper conduct on behalf of the investigative team . "  Our investigators have complied with all legal and ethical requirements throughout the process , " he said . Manfred confirmed authorizing $ 125,000 for documents to find out about violations of the league 's drug policy . The files in question come from the now-shuttered Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in South Florida , which MLB says supplied steroids to at least a dozen baseball players . A police report obtained by CNN shows the files were reported stolen from the car of a former Biogenesis worker . A-Rod grocery store seeks new name The worker told police that MLB representatives had "  offered him a job and up to $ 125,000 for the client files . " The last offer was on March 18 , and the documents were stolen six days later , according to the police report . Manfred told CNN that no one from Major League Baseball knew the documents were reported stolen . "  In fact , the people we bought them from made representations to the contrary , " he said . Performance-enhancing drugs in sport Rodriguez was one of 14 players suspended in connection with the Biogenesis scandal and is the only one who appealed his suspension . Rodriguez , 38 , is fifth on MLB 's list of all-time home run leaders , just six behind Willie Mays . He would make $ 25 million in 2014 , if his suspension is overturned . If his suspension is upheld , he wo n't be eligible to return until 49 games into the 2015 season . Alex Rodriguez suspension case : Evidence comes at a big price CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : MLB official : He used performance-enhancing drugs longer "  than any other player " "  I am deeply troubled by my team 's investigate findings , " Rodriguez says MLB 's chief operating officer has denied any improper conduct Rodriguez is appealing a suspension for alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs
CNN  -- The Hapsburg Palaces , romantic banks of the Danube and historic spas draw the crowds to Budapest , but there 's a whole world underground within the city limits . Literally underground . While one half of the city , Pest , is flat , Buda 's curvy hills are rich with secret labyrinths , hidden bunkers and caving adventures . There are up to 200 caves in total . Budapest 's subterranean world owes its debt to the city 's spas , or rather their water , which has carved out a network of caverns . Here are some of the highlights . Budapest 's natural caves One of the best things about Budapest is its proximity to nature . Less than half an hour 's bus ride from downtown , where the city 's outer II District turns into lush hills , there are a number of natural caves worth visiting . Beautiful crystal formations deck out the caves under Szemlo Hill , At nearby Palvolgy , the caves are more familiar , with stalactites and stalagmites . Palvolgyi Cave , Szepvolgyi ut 162 , Budapest Szemlo Hill Caves , Pusztaszeri ut 35 , Budapest  websites in Hungarian Spelunking beneath the city Adventurous cavers who enjoy getting dirty , wriggling through tight holes and scaling slippery walls are in luck . The Palvolgy caves actually make up the longest cave network in Hungary , running from a valley housing the showpiece caves into Budapest 's Matyas Hill . Descending a metal ladder into a pit 10 meters  33 feet  below , tours emerge into a room known as the "  chapel " that was once used as an underground place of worship . The three-hour tour gets more difficult as the air gets thinner and the passages tighter -- but the humor and encouragement of the guide makes up for the physical discomforts . Tours can be booked with an English-speaking guide for groups of more than four . Ticket price includes a guide , all necessary equipment and entrance to the caves . Palvolgyi Caving Tours , Szepvolgyi ut 162 , Budapest The Hospital in the Rock Castle Hill , the mound overlooking the Danube that shoulders Budapest 's sprawling palace complex , also holds a few subterranean treasures . Unlike the city 's other caves , these passageways have been in use for centuries -- they tell a series of gruesome tales from the city 's history . Located on the side of the hill , on the road winding up to the castle , the Hospital in the Rock is n't technically part of the original cave system , although it connects up with it . Once an underground hospital used in World War II , most notably during the siege of Budapest , it eventually became a secret nuclear bunker during the Cold War . The museum can be visited only on a guided tour , which runs on the hour in both English and Hungarian . Tours take visitors through tunnels into the old hospital and end up in the radiation contamination room , where they get to play with an air-raid siren . Creepy wax figures lend an air of authenticity to the horrors of the conditions experienced in wartime , when the hospital , built for only 60-70 patients , took in more than 600 wounded . Hospital in the Rock , Lovas ut 4/C , Budapest Dracula 's prison and the Labyrinth The Labyrinth is part of the natural cave system under Castle Hill . It 's shown signs of being inhabited as far back as prehistoric times , with people living there as late as the 11th and 12th centuries . Caves here have since functioned as wine cellars and masonry mines , but come wrapped in curious myths . The Turks used them for military purposes in the 16th century , but archeological evidence also hints at an underground harem . One of the Labyrinth 's headline attractions is Vlad Tepes , known better as Vlad the Impaler , or Dracula , who spent a spell down here as a prisoner . Visiting the Labyrinth is a campy experience filled with waxworks dressed in old opera costumes . An overworked smoke machine and spooky soundtrack pump out into a damp corner known as Dracula 's Chamber . Bonus creepiness : After 6 p.m. , visitors are guided around the dark caves by lantern and have to figure their own way out in the dark . Labirintus , Uri utca . 9 , Budapest , or Lovas ut . 4/a , Budapest The Cave Church of Gellert Hill Gellert Hill is a landmark in Budapest . Rising above the Danube , it overlooks the whole city and guards its own cave network . Unlike the caves beneath the city 's other hills , most of these are closed off . The main cave open to the public , St. Ivan 's , houses a small church with an entrance facing one of Budapest 's most famous spas , the Gellert Baths . Use of the cave as a church is fairly new . Pauline Monks occupied it in the 1920s but it was sealed up for decades after the Soviet Red Army captured Budapest in 1945 . Cave Church , Szent Gellert rakpart 1 , Budapest  website in Hungarian Jennifer Walker is an Anglo-Hungarian writer and former physicist living in Budapest . She tweets at @JDWalkerWriter . CNN Travel series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Hills under the Hungarian capital are riddled with caves , many formed by water from the city 's spas Many of the caves are open to the public , with guided tours and spelunking expeditions Subterranean attractions include a former hospital , a Cold War bunker and a church
CNN  -- Pilots of the Air France flight that crashed in 2009 and plummeted 38,000 ft in just three minutes and 30 seconds , lost vital speed data , France 's Bureau of Investigation and Analysis  BEA  said Friday . Pilots on the aircraft got conflicting air speeds in the minutes leading up to the crash , the interim reports states . Air crash investigators at the Paris-based BEA have been working on the theory that the speed sensors , known as pitot tubes or probes , malfunctioned because of ice at high altitude . Since the accident , Air France has replaced the pitots on its Airbus fleet with a newer model .	Air France pilots lost vital speed data says BEA Since the accident , Air France has replaced the pitots on its Airbus fleet with a newer model
CNN  Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signed a bill on Friday that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas if lethal injection is ruled unconstitutional or becomes unavailable . Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen , Fallin 's office said in a press release . CNN affiliate KFOR says it 's never been used in an execution in the United States . "  The person will become unconscious within eight to 10 seconds and death a few minutes later . In other words , a humane , quick and painless death , " said Rep. Mike Christian , one of the bill 's authors , according to KFOR . Robert Dunham , executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center , told the Washington Post that the same "  painless " argument had been used to advance the use of lethal injections . "  The hasty manner in which this bill sped into law reflects the same lack of care with which Oklahoma has managed its execution process historically , " he said . Oklahoma 's executions have been put on hold while the U.S. Supreme Court reviews its use of lethal injections . Last year , the state came under scrutiny when it took 43 minutes to kill convicted killer Clayton Lockett . Fallin reaffirmed her support for the death penalty . "  Oklahoma executes murderers whose crimes are especially heinous , " Fallin said . "  I support that policy , and I believe capital punishment must be performed effectively and without cruelty . The bill I signed today gives the state of Oklahoma another death penalty option that meets that standard . " The governor 's office said the first alternative for execution is lethal injection , followed by nitrogen gas , the electric chair and the firing squad .	Nitrogen gas causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen , Oklahoma says The state 's executions are on hold while the U.S. Supreme Court reviews the state 's use of lethal injections
CNN  -- Playboy magazine 's 1962 "  Playmate of the Year , " Christa Speck Krofft , died March 22 of natural causes at the age of 70 , a family spokesman said Friday . Playboy founder Hugh Hefner tweeted , "  I 'm saddened by the death of dear friend 1962 PMOY Christa Speck . " Magazine talent scouts discovered the then-Christina Speck when she was working as a secretary at Bank of America , according to family spokesman Christoph Buerger . Then , she became what her family calls "  one of the most celebrated Playmates of her time . " After Playboy named her "  Playmate of the Month " for September 1961 , Speck worked as a Playboy Bunny in the Chicago club , "  lived in Hefner 's famed Playboy Mansion , and was featured in all the magazine 's Sixties pictorials about life at Hef 's place , " the spokesman said . The model/actress is survived by her husband , noted children 's television producer Marty Krofft , their three daughters and their five grandchildren , all of whom released a statement : "  Mom had an uncanny ability to make everyone smile and touched so many people with her unique sense of humor . It 's rare to find a human being that holds no judgment and sees the good in everyone . That was our mom . We will miss her terribly . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's KJ Matthews and Henry Hanks contributed to this report	Christina Speck Krofft , 70 , died March 22 , family says She was named 1962 Playboy "  Playmate of the Year " She later married famous children 's TV producer Marty Krofft
CNN  -- Eufemiano Fuentes , the man alleged to have masterminded one of the world 's largest sports doping operations , was found guilty of endangering public health by a court in Madrid Tuesday . Fuentes was handed a $ 5,800 fine by Judge Julia Patricia Santamaria and banned from practicing sports medicine for four years on top of a one-year suspended jail term . Ignacio Labarta , a former official with the Kelme team , was given a four-month prison sentence , while Manolo Saiz , Vicente Belde and Fuentes ' sister , Yolanda , were all found not guilty . But as Judge Santamaria announced that Fuentes , the man at the epicenter of the Operation Puerto doping scandal was guilty of supplying cyclists with illegal blood transfusions , she simultaneously extinguished the hopes of those seeking to discover the extent of his work . While doping was not illegal in Spain at the time of his arrest , Fuentes was charged with violating public health laws after police discovered around 200 frozen blood and plasma specimens in his offices in 2006 . Fuentes emerged largely unscathed at the conclusion of the 10-week trial , but it is the Judge 's proclamation that all evidence , documents and blood bags , be destroyed instead of being handed over to the Spanish Anti-Doping agency , which has stunned opponents of drug abuse . The news will come as a blow to protesters and the Spanish government , which is currently in the process of trying to push through new anti-doping legislation in a bid to bring the country level with international standards . Ana Munoz , the director general of the Spanish Anti-Doping Agency , had previously stated that her organization would push for the blood bags and specimens to be handed over at the conclusion of the trial . An appeal is expected to be launched on Monday following the decision by the court , while Fuentes will begin life with a four-year ban from practicing as a doctor as well as starting to pay off a $ 5,880 fine . Operation Puerto focused on doping within cycling and uncovered a whole host of cyclists which had been complicit in working with Fuentes . Although the case was limited to Fuentes ' work within the realms of cycling , he confirmed during his trial that he also boasted clients in other sports such as tennis , athletics , football and boxing . During the trial , the court heard evidence from cyclists Jesus Manzano , U.S rider Tyler Hamilton and Germany 's Jorg Jaksche , all of who gave details of their dealings with Fuentes . It was revealed that blood transfusions were often carried out by people without medical expertise in hotel rooms . According to evidence submitted to the court , banned substances such as EPO , HGH , testosterone , insulin and fertility drug Human Menopausal Gonadotropin were sometimes combined with the transfusions . In her summation of the case , the Judge said : "  The extractions and transfusions were not practiced in accordance with the sanitary norms but in a clandestine manner . " Dr. Yorck Olaf Schumacher , the World Anti-Doping Agency 's own medical expert , gave a frightening insight into just how dangerous blood transfusions could have been during his testimony in Spain , according to Cycling News website which is covered the trial . "  Extracting half a liter or a liter of blood presents a greater risk than extracting the usual amounts . That 's up to 20 % of the body 's total , whereas you would only extract 1 % for a blood analysis , " he said . "  A hotel does not fulfill the conditions required for a transfusion , " he added , referring to the alleged unsanitary conditions in which the blood doping took place . "  A cool bag for picnics is n't the best thing for transporting blood . " Schumacher also claimed that those partaking in such practices may have exposed themselves to contracting diseases such as HIV and hepatitis . Cycling 's image has been shattered by doping with Lance Armstrong the biggest name to have admitted to taking drugs . Armstrong , who admitted his guilt last January following years of denials , revealed he used testosterone and human growth hormone , as well as EPO . EPO , a hormone naturally produced by human kidneys to stimulate red blood cells , increases the amount of oxygen which can be transported to muscles to aid recovery and endurance . The U.S. cyclist was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles following his announcement after refusing to cooperate with the United States Anti-Doping Agency . He has since been banned for life after the organization accused him of running the "  most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program " the sport had ever seen .	Spanish doctor Eufemiano Fuentes handed one-year suspended prison sentence Fuentes banned from medicine for four years by Madrid court Judge rules that blood bags and samples will not be handed over Anti-Drug Agencies could launch appeal Monday
CNN  -- Liberia 's president has declared a state of emergency after hordes of ravenous caterpillars infested the country . The African armyworm caterpillar is chewing its way through Liberia 's food crops . Tens of millions of the worm-like larvae have appeared in the northern part of the country , where they are destroying green crops like cabbage and collard greens and contaminating the water supply , Liberian Information Minister Laurance Bropleh told CNN Wednesday from the capital of Monrovia . "  I am not aware that they have been here before , ever , and certainly not in this great number , " Bropleh told CNN . "  That is why it was so overwhelming initially when we first discovered it . " The state of emergency covers the three northern Liberian counties of Bong , Lofa , and Gbarpolu , Liberian officials said . President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf told legislators Monday that 350,000 people in 62 communities in those three counties may have been affected . There are also indications the bugs have spread to neighboring Guinea , Sierra Leone and Ivory Coast , Bropleh said . "  This is indeed a crisis , " the president said Monday . Johnson Sirleaf said she appointed a task force , including members of the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization  FAO  , to identify the species and commence spraying . Investigators suspect the caterpillars are African armyworms , the FAO said . The infestation is "  quite alarming , " said Winfred Hammond , the FAO representative in Liberia . Hammond said the caterpillars started showing up sometime during the week of January 12 but spread quickly . In just a week , he said , the caterpillars had spread to 50 villages . The pests multiply rapidly and adult moths are able to fly long distances at night , the FAO said . Worsening the situation , the area 's water supply has been contaminated by the huge volume of feces dropped by the caterpillars , the FAO said . "  The plague is being described as Liberia 's worst in 30 years , " the FAO said . "  The last African armyworm outbreak in the sub-region occurred in Ghana in 2006 . "	Liberia declares emergency after hordes of ravenous caterpillars infest country Tens of millions of the worm-like larvae have appeared in northern areas Up to 350,000 people in 62 communities may have been affected
CNN  -- Manchester United and England striker Wayne Rooney has claimed a heated exchange with a fan on social networking site Twitter in which he said "  I 'll put u asleep within 10 seconds " was light-hearted banter . Rooney replied to a Twitter user called sam_oldham_LFC , believed to be a Liverpool fan , on Wednesday night after receiving several abusive messages . The 25-year-old , who has over 580,000 followers on Twitter , said "  you know where I train every day kid come and do it good luck " after his abuser had threatened to attack him . Rooney then tweeted : "  I 'll put u asleep within 10 seconds u little girl . Do n't say stuff and not follow up on it . I 'll be waiting . " He later tried to diffuse the situation , posting : "  Ha ha bit of banter and people go nuts chill all people . " The sam_oldham_LFC account has since been deleted , while Rooney 's spokesman later released a statement to the media claiming the striker 's messages were no more than a joke . He was quoted by the UK Press Association as saying : "  As is made clear in the tweets , this whole exchange is banter . There is no suggestion , nor is there any intention of a suggestion , of a real fight . " On Thursday Rooney was back to tweeting about his usual topics of interest -- soccer and American Idol . A host of sports stars are on Twitter and claim it is a positive way to engage with their fans but several have fallen foul of the authorities thanks to the social networking phenomenon . Ex-Liverpool player Ryan Babel was fined $ 16,000 by the English Football Association after he posted a picture of referee Howard Webb in a Manchester United shirt following a controversial game between the two clubs . West Ham striker Carlton Cole was recently charged with improper conduct for remarks he made on Twitter during England 's 1-1 draw with Ghana at Wembley in March . NBA star LeBron James also caused a stir when he retweeted abusive messages he received -- one of them racially charged . He followed it by posting a message himself that said : "  U see world how people feel ! Just use it as extra motivation in whatever u do best ! No one can stop your dreams from becoming reality ! "	Wayne Rooney conducts row with abusive fan on social networking site Twitter Man Utd striker reacts to threat by saying "  I 'll put u asleep within 10 seconds u little girl " Rooney later dismissed the exchange as light-hearted joking
Boko Haram insurgents kidnapped at least 185 women and children , and killed 32 people in a raid in northeastern Nigeria this week , local officials and residents said . Gunmen in pickup trucks attacked the village of Gumsuri , just north of Chibok , on Sunday , shooting down men before herding women and children together . "  They gathered the women and children and took them away in trucks after burning most of the village with petrol bombs , " a local government official said on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisal . News of the attack took four days to emerge because of a lack of communication . Telecommunications towers in the region had been disabled in previous attacks . Local officials learned of the attack from residents who fled to Maiduguri , the capital of Borno state , where the officials had moved a year ago to escape Boko Haram attacks . The militants stormed the village from two directions , overwhelming local vigilantes who had repelled Boko Haram attacks over the course of the year , said Gumsuri resident Umar Ari , who trekked for four days to Maiduguri . "  They destroyed almost half the village and took away 185 women , girls and boys , " Ari said . Resident Modu Kalli said the militants fired heavy machine guns on the village and poured canisters of gasoline on houses before setting them on fire . "  We lost everything in the attack . I escaped with nothing , save the clothes I have on me , " Kalli said . Hundreds of residents of Gumsuri continue to arrive in Maiduguri , which has been struggling to accommodate thousands of residents fleeing towns and villages overrun by Boko Haram . Cameroon : At least 116 Boko Haram fighters killed Meanwhile , the Cameroon military says that it killed at least 116 Boko Haram fighters during a fight in northern Cameroon on Wednesday , near the border with northeastern Nigeria . The incident began when the militant group tried to attack the Cameroonian town of Amchide , military spokesman Lt. Col. Didier Badjeck said . One Cameroonian soldier was killed , and another was missing after the attack , according to a statement released by Badjeck . Boko Haram destroyed two trucks and stole a third , Badjeck said . Badjeck said the military believes its artillery also inflicted unspecified damage to Boko Haram on the Nigerian side of the border during the fight . "  Our defense forces rigorously fought back this barbaric attack , and forced the enemy to retreat , " Cameroonian government spokesman Issa Tchiroma Bakary said . "  This terrorist group has only one objective : to spread fear and uncertainty amongst our population . But I can assure you that they will be defeated , " Bakary said . Two months ago , the nearby area of Limani , Cameroon , was the site of a deadly clash between Boko Haram and Cameroonian forces . Eight Cameroonian soldiers and 107 Boko Haram fighters were killed during an attack by the militants that month , Cameroon state-run broadcaster CRTV reported , citing the Cameroonian defense ministry . Campaign of violence Boko Haram has terrorized northern Nigeria regularly since 2009 , attacking police , schools , churches and civilians , and bombing government buildings . This month , at least one female Boko Haram suicide bomber killed five people in Maiduguri . Last month , suicide bombings killed nearly 180 people . More than half of the victims died in an attack on a mosque that many suspect Boko Haram was behind . The group has targeted mainstream Islam , saying that it does not represent the interests of Nigeria 's 80 million Muslims and that it perverts Islam . In April , Boko Haram militants drew international condemnation when they kidnapped more than 200 schoolgirls , many of whom they later said they sold into slavery . At least 5,000 people have died at Boko Haram 's hands , according to a U.S. Congressional Research Service report , making it one of the world 's deadliest terrorist organizations .	Boko Haram overruns a Nigerian village in pickup trucks , shooting at men The insurgents douse houses with gasoline and set them on fire They round up women , girls and boys and kidnap them News takes days to get out , since telecommunications towers had been destroyed
Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh was admitted Sunday to a military hospital in Sanaa , the second time that he 's been to a hospital this month , a government official said . Saleh led Yemen for 30 years before stepping down , amid widespread protests as well as international pressure , last November as part of a long discussed deal brokered the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council . He suffered extensive burns and a collapsed lung in a June 2011 strike on the mosque in Yemen 's presidential compound , a U.S. government official said then . In subsequent months , he has gotten continued medical treatment in various places , including in Saudi Arabia and New York . The Yemeni official said Sunday that Saleh was in the hospital for "  a scheduled checkup , not an emergency , " while acknowledging he continues to face health issues . There are "  concerns from Saleh 's staff that he still needs more medical procedures and treatment , " the government official said . Since leaving office last year , Saleh has remained a force in Yemeni politics . That includes threatening this March to withdraw all members of the nation 's ruling party , which he still heads , from the national government and warning Prime Minister Mohammed Saleh Basendowah he could face imprisonment . The leaders of the current government have expressed support for extensive reforms , while Basendowah attended a ceremony at Change Square in Sanaa and condemned the old regime 's attacks against unarmed youth protesters . New al Qaeda video rails against Yemen 's president U.S. President Barack Obama issued an executive order last Wednesday targeting "  those who threaten the peace , security , or stability of Yemen , " including by obstructing implementation of the transition agreement . The new order allows the U.S. Treasury Department to freeze U.S.-based assets of anyone who might subsequently be listed under the order . While no specific entity was named , it is widely believed to be aimed at the former president 's circle .	Ex-President Ali Abdullah Saleh is admitted to a military hospital in Sanaa , an official says It 's the second time Saleh , hurt in a June 2011 attack , has been to the hospital this month There are "  concerns " that Saleh "  still needs more medical procedures , " the official says After 30 years in power , he stepped down amid domestic and international pressure
CNN  -- Italian manager Gianfranco Zola has been sacked by English Premier League club West Ham , while former England boss Steve McLaren has joined German side Wolfsburg . The Hammers announced in a statement on their official Web site that they had terminated Zola 's contract after a season in which they finished just one place above the relegation zone . West Ham 's new owners , David Gold and David Sullivan , who took control of the club in January , made clear there would be changes at the end of the season , and they have been true to their word . The official statement read : "  West Ham United confirm that they have terminated the contract of Gianfranco Zola . "  The Board of Directors would like to thank him for his contribution and wish him well for the future . The Club will now be focusing its efforts on seeking a replacement . " Meanwhile , ex-England coach Steve McLaren has been confirmed as Wolfsburg 's new coach . McLaren led Dutch side FC Twente to their first ever league title last season and will become the first English coach to take charge of a German side . A statement on Wolfsburg 's official Web site said : "  Steve McClaren is to take over as new trainer at VfL Wolfsburg . The 49 year old will start work on July 1st under a two year contract to keep him in Wolfsburg until June 30th 2012 . " Former Netherlands and Ajax coach Marco van Basten has ruled himself out of the running to become the next boss of Italian giants AC Milan . Media reports in Italy claim current coach Leonardo will leave the club in the summer but according to the UK Press Association , Van Basten told Italian television that a serious ankle injury would rule him out of contention . He said : "  I am still not ready . I still have an ankle problem and I must resolve it . I ca n't do a big job like that of a coach as for that your mind has to be clear . "  I have read the reports about Milan and me . It 's a good idea . Milan and the people of Milan are kind to me , but right now I have this problem with my ankle and it does n't seem right to see a coach limp on the pitch . "	Gianfranco Zola has been sacked by West Ham United Ex-England coach Steve McLaren has left FC Twente for German club Wolfsburg Italian media claims Marco Van Basten has ruled himself out of the AC Milan job
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The Mexican Supreme Court has ordered the release of 20 people who were convicted in the massacre of 45 people in 1997 . Mexican Mayan Indian massacre survivors reenact the killings of 45 people in Acteal village in this 2003 photo . The court ruled that authorities obtained evidence illegally and that the defendants were denied due process and lacked an adequate defense . The 20 were convicted for taking part in a massacre in the community of Acteal , in the southern state of Chiapas . Four of five Supreme Court justices decided Wednesday to order their immediate release , the court said in a statement . "  It 's obvious that the evidence was obtained illegally , " said Judge Jose de Jesus Gudino . Investigators say 45 men , women and children were killed in Acteal by people who suspected they had links to the Zapatista Army of National Liberation , a group that launched a rebellion against the Mexican state in January 1994 . It was nearly four years after that rebellion , on December 22 , 1997 , that the 45 unarmed indigenous peasants were massacred in Acteal . Then-President Ernesto Zedillo ordered an investigation that eventually led to arrests . In addition to ordering 20 people released , the Supreme Court called for the review of cases involving six others who were convicted in the massacre . Judge Juan Silva Mesa decried the judicial process that led to the convictions . "  For me there is no greater injustice than allowing them , under and in the name of the law , to commit injustice " and thereby "  affect someone 's fundamental human rights , " he said . CNN 's Mario Gonzalez contributed to this report .	Mexican high court orders release of 20 convicted in 1997 killings of 45 people Court rules evidence obtained illegally , defendants denied due process Unarmed indigenous men , women and children massacred in state of Chiapas Killers thought Indian peasants had ties to Zapatista Army of National Liberation
Washington  CNN  -- Military prosecutors have recommended the death penalty for the accused mastermind of the deadly 2000 bombing of the destroyer USS Cole . The announcement Wednesday from the Defense Department is another signal the case against Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri will be moving closer to trial before a military commission . As one of 16 "  high-value " detainees , he has been held for years at the U.S. Navy 's detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . If approved , this would be the first death penalty trial in the reconfigured military trial system . Intelligence sources have said al-Nashiri headed al Qaeda operations in the Persian Gulf region before his 2002 capture by U.S. intelligence agents . CIA Director Michael Hayden confirmed six years later that al-Nashiri and two other high-value terror suspects were subjected to waterboarding , a harsh interrogation technique . The chief prosecutor recommended capital charges against the 46-year-old Saudi native . He has been formally recharged with planning the bombing attack on the U.S. Navy vessel , which was in the Gulf of Aden near Yemen . Two suicide bombers rammed a garbage barge full of explosives into the USS Cole during a refueling stop . Seventeen sailors were killed , and 47 others were injured . The blast left a 40-by-40-foot hole in the port side of the Norfolk , Virginia-based guided-missile destroyer , which was carrying a crew of 293 . Al-Nashiri also is charged with heading the aborted attack on the destroyer USS The Sullivans that same year . The decision to formally move ahead with the prosecution had been expected for weeks , ever since Defense Secretary Robert Gates in January lifted a previous order that had prevented any new cases from moving forward . The final decision about whether the death penalty can be pursued is now in the hands of retired Vice Adm. Bruce McDonald . In military terminology he is the convening authority of the military commissions , the equivalent of a civilian criminal court . The American Civil Liberties Union , however , said the "  broken military commissions system " should not be used to try al-Nashiri . "  We are deeply disturbed that the Obama administration has chosen to use the military commissions to try a capital case in which much of the evidence is reportedly based on hearsay and therefore not reliable enough to be admissible in federal court , " said Hina Shamsi , director of the ACLU 's National Security Project . "  Allowing hearsay is a backdoor way of allowing evidence that may have been obtained through torture . "  All of our concerns about the inherent unfairness of the military commissions are compounded in cases like this one , in which the result could be death , " Shamsi said . "  The Constitution and international law rightly require enhanced protections in death penalty cases , but the military commissions are incapable of providing those necessary protections . " Yemen had separately sentenced the man to death in absentia for his alleged role in the Cole attack . His four-year custody in secret overseas CIA prisons before his 2006 transfer to Guantanamo is expected to be a key point of contention in any trial , since al-Nashiri did not have access to legal counsel for months nor had any charges been filed against him . It is unclear what rules of evidence the government could present that would withstand judicial scrutiny . Military justice rules allow al-Nashiri to have defense counsel represent him . He was charged in December 2008 before a military commission in Guantanamo , but the charges were suspended a few months later when the Obama administration took over and sought a fresh review of all detainees at the overseas prison . Later that year Attorney General Eric Holder announced al-Nashiri , alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and several other key terror suspects would face prosecution in the military justice system . The Obama administration had considered transferring some terror suspects to the United States for prosecution in either special military or civilian courts . But the president earlier this month announced all prosecutions would be in military courts in Guantanamo . The CIA has admitted tapes of al-Nashiri 's interrogation at a secret location in 2002 were destroyed in 2005 . Waterboarding involves strapping a person to a surface , covering his or her face with cloth and pouring water on the face to simulate the sensation of drowning . Critics have called it torture . Destruction of CIA tapes sparked concerns During his Combatant Status Review Tribunal -- a preliminary court proceeding -- at Guantanamo in March 2007 , al-Nashiri acknowledged knowing al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and said he had accepted money from him . But bin Laden gave many people money to help them get married or conduct businesses , al-Nashiri said . Al-Nashiri said he is not a member of al Qaeda , according to the 4-year-old documents . He said he knew the perpetrators of the bombing because he had business dealings with them in the fishing industry . The suspect said he "  was tortured into confession , and once he made a confession his captors were happy and they stopped questioning him , " according to a statement read during a 2007 hearing . "  Also , the detainee states that he made up stories during the torture in order to get  the torture  to stop . " In addition to Mohammed , charges could be forthcoming against Ahmed al-Darbi -- a Saudi man accused in the failed plot to bomb oil tankers in the Straits of Hormuz ; and Obaydullah , an Afghan accused of planting explosives . The last military execution was in 1961 , involving a U.S. Army private who had been convicted of rape and attempted murder of an Austrian girl . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri is charged with planning the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole Seventeen sailors died and 47 were wounded The chief prosecutor is recommending capital charges against al-Nashiri He will be tried before a military commission at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba
CNN  -- In travels this week -- to Boston , Chicago , New York -- friends and strangers alike have said the same thing : They are turned off and tuned out of the sequestration mess in Washington . To a person , they are sick of the antics of those to whom they have entrusted enormous power . In times past , a president has usually risen to the demands of leadership when a Congress has stubbornly resisted tough choices , such as the upcoming mandatory budget cuts that are called sequestration . That 's what Lyndon Johnson did in persuading key Republicans to help pass the civil rights bills of 1964 and 1965 . And that 's what Bill Clinton did in working with a Republican House led by Newt Gingrich . People forget how hostile House Republicans were to Clinton -- hell , they impeached him -- but he nonetheless worked with them to pass four straight balanced budgets and an overhaul of welfare . Obama signs order activating "  dumb " budget cuts In other times , Congress has displayed serious leadership when a president has lost his way . That 's what Congress did to curtail overseas military ventures after two presidents in a row got us into a quagmire in Vietnam . And that 's what top congressmen like Sam Ervin and Howard Baker did when Richard Nixon went off the tracks in Watergate . But today , we have a rare moment when both Congress and the president are retreating from their responsibilities . It 's hard to recall a time when we were so leaderless . One of the foremost duties of Congress is to pass a budget : It has failed for four straight years . Republicans , especially in the House , have continually refused to meet the White House halfway . Meanwhile , a president who promised to be a solution has become part of the problem . Ever since his re-election , Barack Obama has seemed more intent on campaigning than governing . A new Washington Post/Pew poll gives some measure of how the public is turning away . Only one in four Americans is following news of the sequester . And as Chris Cillizza and Aaron Blake wrote in Tuesday 's Post , "  Not only are most people paying very little attention to the sequester , they also have only the faintest sense of what it would do . Fewer than one in five , or 18 % , in the Post-Pew poll say they understand ` very well ' what would happen if the sequester went into effect . " Cillizza and Blake argue that far more people paid attention to the fiscal cliff because their taxes might go up . Fair enough , but in my conversations , people were mostly fed up with the soap opera . What to do ? Last weekend in Italy , voters were so disgusted with their politicians that an upstart political movement led by a political comedian won the most votes of any single party . Is it time to draft Jon Stewart and Steven Colbert ? Perhaps , but in the meantime , the president and the Congress have one solemn and urgent responsibility : Having created this mess , they must -- stress must -- work together to minimize the disruptions and hardships that they are promising will happen . It is insane that a series of cuts that represent only 2.5 % of all federal spending and 5 % of the budgets of most federal agencies will be allowed -- according to the administration -- to create havoc with airplane flights , bring grinding slowdowns to meat inspections , force an aircraft carrier to stay in port ... the litany goes on . To anyone who has been through numerous short shutdowns of government in the past , this sounds suspiciously like the "  Washington Monument syndrome " : the tendency of federal bureaucrats faced with budget cuts to shut down the most visible services first , causing screams and forcing the cuts to be rescinded . Administration spokesmen say their hands are tied by the sequestration law because it requires even , across-the-board cuts . But if that is the case , change the law . Everyone knows it is a stupid piece of legislation . Fortunately , some senators on both sides of the aisle -- Republican Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma and Democrat Barbara Mikuski of Maryland among them -- are working on legislation that would give the administration flexibility in making the cuts so that disruptions can be kept as small as possible . So far , the White House and Majority Leader Harry Reid are saying no . The White House has made the argument that minimizing the effects would make people too complacent about what comes from reducing spending . In reality , what they are trying to do is to make Republicans look so bad that they will cave in . This is a terrible way to govern : Washington politicians should not turn citizens into suffering pawns in order to get their way . Meanwhile , Republicans like John McCain are objecting that such a correction to the sequestration law would cede too much power to the president . The concern about excessive power is legitimate , but surely a way can be found so that the White House and Congress would share power and any other arrangements be strictly limited in time . Perhaps , if wisdom once again rears its head , this mess will be so awful the president and Congress will get back to the bargaining table and come up with a long-term solution . But in the meantime , Obama and Congress have a duty to lead -- and that means to pass a bill that will minimize disruption and pain . By the way , speaking of comedians as politicians , Al Franken has turned out to be a pretty darn good senator . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen says everyone he talks to is turned off by mandatory budget cut mess Gergen : We are leaderless ; neither Congress nor president is taking responsibility Most Americans have no idea of what "  sequestration " means or what it will do , he says Gergen : All sides are using this as a political scare tactic ; they have a duty to pass a bill
CNN  -- Olek Doba 's slow , lonely kayak journey across the Atlantic Ocean is nearing an end this week . Doba , 67 , is n't making the record-setting transatlantic trip for money , but because it 's on his bucket list , a friend waiting for his arrival in North America said . He has no corporate sponsors . The only logo on his yellow 21-foot boat is the name of his hometown : Police , Poland . Doba is paying his own way with his retirement money saved during his career as an engineer , according to Piotr Chmielinski , a friend who helps with his logistics . Doba began paddling the kayak , named Olo , in Lisbon , Portugal , last October with a goal of reaching the Florida coast more than 5,000 miles away . At a pace of about 30 miles a day , he hoped to get there in February . A broken rudder and unusual weather patterns slowed Doba , but he was n't stopped . He refused a rescue offer from a tanker when his communications gear failed in the middle of the Atlantic in December . He was forced to make a monthlong pit stop in Bermuda when the rudder broke in February , but he was back in the water in late March , Chmielinski said . Another mishap broke his navigation light and radar antennae , which he repaired using a boat paddle and soda bottle . By Tuesday , Doba was less than 200 miles from his destination of New Smyrna Beach , Florida . He still has to paddle through the Gulf Stream currents around the Bahamas . The mayor and a high school band will be on the beach to greet Doba when he makes landfall , which is expected Friday morning unless another storm kicks up , Chmielinski said . Doba 's voyage is the longest ever in a kayak and the first to go from Europe to North America , he said . This would be his second complete transatlantic kayak trip in four years . He paddled the Olo from Africa to Brazil over 99 days in 2010 . Doba expects to have another 30 years left in his life to explore the world , because members of his family are known to live to 100 , Chmielinski said .	Olek Doba has no corporate sponsors , but is using retirement funds The 5,000 mile kayak journey launched in Lisbon , Portugal , last October Doba hopes to reach New Smyrna Beach , Florida , on Friday It 's his second complete transatlantic kayak trip in four years
CNN  -- Springwood teenagers Dean , Kris , Jesse , Nancy and Quentin are having trouble not sleeping : They 're knocking back coffee , popping pills , anything to delay another date with their dream stalker  which may explain why these high school students look like college grads  . When one of them does drop off , the bedsheets turn red . Wes Craven 's 1984 slumber party massacre started from scratch -- it was a low-budget item from what was then a genuine independent studio , New Line -- and became the iconic horror franchise of the decade . With his battered fedora , a striped sweater , a razor-glove and a face like Sal 's Famous , Freddy Krueger was the most personable boogie man Hollywood had come up with in a long time , so what if he was also a child abuser ? A recurring nightmare who stalked teenagers as they slept , Freddy preyed on the defenseless and played fast and loose with physics : If Salvador Dali had created a slasher movie villain , he might have come up with someone like Freddy . After eight movies , a TV series and a comic book , you might think Mr. Krueger had been done to death . It 's been seven years since Freddy put Jason Vorhees in his place  in "  Freddy vs Jason "  . But you ca n't keep a good bad guy down , and at the rate Hollywood is cannibalizing its horror back catalogue , we 'll be seeing remakes of the remakes any day now . Directed by pop video director Samuel Bayer and written by Wesley Strick and Eric Heisserer , the new "  A Nightmare on Elm Street " is actually a lot like the old one . So much so , for a while you wonder why they did n't just re-release it .  You 'll wish they had . Surprisingly , Bayer does n't go the Michael Bay route and give it a high-gloss , ADD tempo , but in duplicating the most memorable bits from the original  the glove in the bath , for instance , and the face coming through the wallpaper  , he fails to put his own stamp on it . As Freddy , Jackie Earle Haley , who was Oscar nominated for playing a sex offender in "  Little Children "  and who went on to play Rorschach in "  Watchmen " and the battered psychopath Noyce in "  Shutter Island "  finds Robert Englund a tough act to follow . Haley drops his voice an octave and comes on heavy -- this Freddy mostly keeps his quips to himself -- but he 's significantly shorter than Englund , and the make-up suggests nothing so much as Ray Bolger in "  The Wizard of Oz " : the scarecrow who did n't even scare the crows . iReporter gives new "  Nightmare " an "  A " Branching out tentatively toward something new , the film toys with repressed memory syndrome and the intriguing suggestion that maybe Freddy was innocent ; that he has every right to be angry about the lynch mob that incinerated him . I 'll leave you to imagine how far the filmmakers go with that radical notion , but maybe a prequel would have been a more rewarding way to go ? The new "  Nightmare " also proudly introduces a clinical-sounding term called "  micro-naps , " a side effect of sleep deprivation that handily justifies more shock effects even as the number of survivors is whittled down to two  gratifyingly , they 're the least synthetic of the young cast members  . But is it scary ? Barely . In the wake of "  Paranormal Activity , " Freddy 's grandstanding theatrics seem pretty old hat . There is nothing about this redundant remake to give anyone sleepless nights , unless it 's threat of yet more of the same old same old . Enough with the "  re-imagining , " Hollywood ; just imagine !	Director Samuel Bayer struggles to put own stamp on Wes Craven 's 1984 original Jackie Earle Haley , as Freddy , finds Robert Englund a tough act to follow In wake of "  Paranormal Activity , " Freddy 's theatrics seem pretty old hat
Washington  CNN  Rudy would n't be Rudy if he backed down . But by amplifying his charge that President Barack Obama does n't love America , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani appears ready to risk sullying the powerful mythology that grew around his leadership when he steadied and steeled the nation in the terrible , confusing time after 9/11 . Since those fleeting days when he was a unifying figure , Giuliani has more often dealt in waspish rhetoric and savage mockery -- especially of a president he says has "  failed . " "  America 's Mayor " has gone rogue , lashing out at Democrats and liberal orthodoxy on the war on terror and saying , for example , during the Ferguson controversy last year that the biggest danger to a black child was not from a white police officer but from another African American . The latest firestorm over Obama 's patriotism may complete Giuliani 's political journey from the center left of the Republican Party to the conservative jungles where Sarah Palin and Donald Trump roam . "  Rudy has devolved into this red meat Republican base ideologue who periodically seems to need self identification , " said Douglas Muzzio , a political scientist at Baruch College and a New York City media commentator . "  Maybe it is Rudy in his dotage , where he has lost whatever boundaries he once had . He sounds like a bitter old man . " Giuliani seems to be relishing his moment back in the spotlight . But he 's also causing awkward moments for Republican candidates limbering up for a crack at the presidency in 2016 -- a fact the White House was quick to exploit on Friday . "  It 's sad to see when somebody who has attained a certain level of public stature , and even admiration , tarnishes that legacy so thoroughly , " said Obama 's spokesman , Josh Earnest . "  And the truth is , I do n't take any joy , or vindication , or satisfaction from that . I think , really , the only thing that I feel is I feel sorry for Rudy Giuliani today . " Democratic National Committee Chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz also joined in , seeking to use Giuliani to frustrate the GOP 's effort to short circuit controversies which could tarnish the party 's image . "  Now is the time for its leaders to stop this kind of nonsense . Enough , " she said . Giuliani 's blast , delivered in a closed door Republican dinner , and repeated in a media tour , centers on a claim that Obama was not brought up to "  love " his country like most Americans . It 's a familiar charge from the conservative fringe , that Obama is somehow different and does n't view America as an exceptional paragon but is obsessed with apologizing for its failings . "  I do not believe , and I know this is a horrible thing to say , but I do not believe the president loves America , " Giuliani was quoted as saying by Politico . Asked by Fox News host Megyn Kelly Thursday whether he wanted to apologize , Giuliani replied : "  Not at all . I want to repeat it . " "  I do n't feel this love of America , " Giuliani said . "  I believe his initial approach is to criticize the United States . " Giuliani dug in further in an interview with the New York Times , rejecting the idea that his remarks were born of racism . "  I thought that was a joke , since  Obama  was brought up by a white mother , a white grandfather , went to white schools , " said Giuliani . "  This is n't racism . This is socialism or possibly anti-colonialism , " said Giuliani . Far from being chastened , Giuliani , who wore a conspiratorial grin on Fox News , seems gleeful in the firestorm . His behavior might be explained by a boxing maxim he was taught as a boy , which may also shed light on his calmness on 9/11 . "  My father taught me ... when you get hit in the face for the first time , you 're going to panic , " Giuliani said in an interview with Forbes magazine in 2011 . "  Instead of panicking , just accept it . Stay calm . And any time anybody hits you , they always leave themselves open to be hit . " Giuliani 's actions may be both a glimpse at his political philosophy and reflect a decision to wade into the political echo chamber to solidify his standing among a certain group of conservatives . "  He understands political posturing , he understands the effectiveness of rhetoric , " said Errol Louis , a CNN political commentator from New York . "  He clearly wants to play a role on the national stage . I guess he has chosen the role of bulldog -- go after the president , attack him , make wild accusations . " With a failed presidential campaign behind him , and having been out of office for a decade-and-a-half , it may be that Giuliani sees his future on the conservative talk circuit . "  To the extent that Giuliani will be involved in the game moving forward , it will be as a commentator or an analyst , " said Costas Panagopoulos , a campaigns expert at Fordham University , New York . "  In order to do that successfully these days , it helps to be controversial , sometimes inflammatory . I am not surprised that he has become increasingly forceful in his comments in the media . He is convinced that will help him . " Giuliani has rarely been known to back down . He was a Yankee fan growing up in Brooklyn , a ruthless prosecutor who took on unions and the Mob and a hard driving Republican who ran a liberal city . When he awoke on September 11 , 2001 , Giuliani was a polarizing figure with a large ego and a sharp tongue . He might have purged New York street crime but was starting to grate on the city 's nerves at the end of his second term . Within hours , with a staggering display of calm , purpose and leadership , he had recast himself as a modern-era Winston Churchill , steadying and inspiring his people in their darkest hour . His heroics were such that he became one of those politicians who become known by a single name . Marching up Broadway , he grabbed a mike and told people to evacuate southern Manhattan . He conjured up national resolve and resistance , as a country waited hours to see its president , out of sight on Air Force One . "  People tonight should say a prayer , for the people that we have lost , and be grateful that we are all here , " he said in a late night press conference 12 hours after the Twin Towers came crashing down in a toxic cloud of fire and ash . "  Tomorrow New York is going to be here and we are going to rebuild and we are going to be stronger from before . " Making Giuliani its Man of the Year , Time Magazine said : "  When the day of infamy came , Giuliani seized it as if he had been waiting for it all his life . " But he struggled to meet huge expectations . His 2008 presidential campaign was a bust , plagued by poor organization and his liberal views on social issues that conflicted with the conservative base . But there was also a sense that he was playing the September 11 card too much : Joe Biden 's crack that there were "  only three things he mentions in a sentence , a noun a verb and 9/11 " was funny because it bore more than a ring of truth . That was years ago now . But while his years of elective office are behind him , Giuliani still seems to pine for the political spotlight . So he has every incentive to keep this row going as long as he can .	Giuliani defiant about Obama comments Remarks could sully his 9/11 legacy
CNN  -- Former Massachusetts Gov. Paul Cellucci -- who later served as U.S. ambassador to Canada -- died Saturday after battling ALS , the University of Massachusetts Medical School said . He was 65 . Cellucci died at his home in Hudson -- the small town from which he rose from selectman to eventually governor and diplomat -- surrounded by family , the school said , adding it was announcing the news on behalf of Cellucci 's family . A graduate of Boston College and Boston College Law School , Cellucci served in the U.S. Army Reserves and worked as a lawyer and for his family 's car dealership before he was elected in 1976 to the Massachusetts Legislature . The Republican served for 14 years there , as a state representative and later a state senator , before being elected lieutenant governor in 1990 , according to his biography on the state website . When Gov. William Weld stepped down in 1997 after being tapped by President Bill Clinton to become U.S. ambassador to Mexico -- a job he never got due to GOP objections -- Cellucci took his place . Bay State voters elected him to the governorship the following year . In 2001 , Cellucci followed Weld 's lead in leaving the Massachusetts State House for an ambassador 's job following his nomination by President George W. Bush . He assumed the position as America 's top diplomat in Canada , a post he held for five years . Presidents George H.W. and George W. Bush released a joint statement Saturday about a man they called "  a close and loyal friend , a superb public servant and a devoted family man . " They noted that Cellucci was the first Massachusetts official to back the elder Bush 's losing 1980 presidential campaign , grouping him with other Bay Staters such as Andrew Card and Andrew Natsios who also served under the two Bushes . "  We were deeply saddened to learn of Paul Cellucci 's passing , " the former presidents said . " ... Our admiration for the way he served throughout his life , and fought a dreaded disease at the end , knows no bounds . " Cellucci announced in January 2011 that that he had amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , known by its acronynm of ALS and also referred to as Lou Gehrig 's Disease . He worked with the University of Massachusetts Medical School to raise nearly $ 2 million funds for research on the disease . ALS patients lose muscle function in the lungs until they can no longer breathe . Most people with ALS die from respiratory failure within three to five years of first symptoms , according to the National Institutes of Health . The disease causes nerves to wither and the lungs to stop working . About 10 % of ALS patients live 10 years or longer . "  The governor refused to allow his challenging diagnosis to prevent him from continuing his lifetime 's work of serving and helping others , " UMass Medical School Chancellor Michael Collins said . "  Instead , he made a conscious and inspiring decision to use his illness to raise awareness , galvanize action and spread hope . "	Paul Cellucci went from a small town to become governor , ambassador to Canada He announced he had Lou Gehrig 's Disease in 2011 , then raised funds for research He died surrounded by family at his home , the UMass medical school announces Bush presidents call him a "  loyal friend  and  superb public servant "
CNN  -- New Jersey authorities are investigating an announcement made over a public address system at a southern New Jersey Wal-Mart telling "  all blacks " to leave the store . Shortly before 5 p.m. Sunday , an unidentified male accessed the public address system at the Turnersville , New Jersey , Wal-Mart Supercenter Store , Gloucester County prosecutors said . "  All blacks need to leave the store , " the voice announced . Store management contacted the Washington Township Police Department , which opened an investigation in conjunction with the county prosecutor 's office , Deputy Police Chief John Dalesandro said . "  The incident is being investigated by both law enforcement agencies as a suspected bias intimidation crime , " local authorities said . Wal-Mart corporate spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said the company is "  just as appalled by this as anyone . " He emphasized that Wal-Mart , the world 's largest public corporation , is working with law enforcement officials in investigating the incident . "  Whoever did this is wrong and acted in an inappropriate manner , " Lopez said . "  Clearly this is unacceptable . " Both police and prosecutors are reviewing security camera video from the store . Any of the 25 in-store telephones could have accessed the public address system , although not all phones are within range of surveillance cameras , authorities said . Dalesandro said there is no word yet on whether tapes of the announcement will be released to the public to help identify a possible suspect by voice . "  We do n't think it was an associate , but we are working with police to make that proper determination , " said Wal-Mart 's Lopez . Also , authorities confirm that some of store 's telephones can be accessed by customers . Some of the store 's telephones could be accessed by customers , authorities confirmed . Law enforcement officials said Wal-Mart is acting to limit the public address feature to a smaller number of in-store telephones . Lopez confirmed the New Jersey store is updating its intercom systems and said the company is looking at Sunday 's episode to see if there are any lessons for the retailer 's other 4,000-plus American stores . "  Some of our customers are upset at us , and I understand why they 're upset , " Lopez said . He said he agrees the burden lies on Wal-Mart to "  do due diligence , " he said his company can be an easy target for negative publicity , cautioning that the responsibility for the announcement "  rests on the individual . " "  These things happen and you 've got to wonder what goes through peoples ' heads , " Lopez said .	"  All blacks need to leave the store , " unidentified male says over public address system Incident being investigated as a suspected bias intimidation crime , authorities say Any of the 25 in-store telephones can access the public address system Wal-Mart is acting to limit public address feature to a smaller number of in-store phones
CNN  -- Walt Disney World is expensive . No two ways about it . Thirty years ago , when I was a kid , you could get into the Magic Kingdom for just $ 18 . Now , tickets cost $ 99 and up . But if you want to take the plunge , you might find that a few splurges are worth it . If you can splurge a bit on the luxury details , you 'll get the luxury benefits , which can really pay off . To Disney or not to Disney ? Check in , stay in It 's long been the advice of every Disney travel guru on the planet that staying at a Disney World property improves your trip a thousand-fold . You get early access to the parks and easy transportation there , plus you 're eating and breathing Disney 24/7 , that wraparound experience that really makes it feel like vacation . Wan na go the extra step ? Check out Disney World 's newest on-site hotel , the Four Seasons Orlando . Opened in August , the gorgeous property blends Four Seasons luxury style and service with Disney fun . Rooms start at $ 545 , pricey but only a small jump from other luxury Disney properties , and you 're getting a much fancier room and hotel . Plus , the Four Seasons hotel has arguably the coolest swimming pool complex in the resort . Forget paying extra for the water parks . As a guest of the Four Seasons , you can take full , and free , advantage of a family pool , a castle-like kiddie pool with shooting jets of water and other surprises , an 11,000-square-foot lazy river , two water slides and an adult pool . There 's also a supervised kid 's club open every day from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. , with a clubhouse , well-thought-out games and activities and almost more staff than kids . My 6-year-old tried out the kids ' program and did n't want to leave . And it 's free with your stay at the Four Seasons . Book a stay before December 19 , and you get your third night free . Certain restrictions apply . The most insane new U.S. roller coasters Take advantage of valet parking Maybe you ca n't spring for the Four Seasons or another luxury Disney hotel . But that does n't mean you ca n't sample some of their offerings . If you have a car , you can book a massage at the glorious Grand Floridian hotel  where room rates start at $ 488 per night  or maybe even a reservation for the resort 's princess tea party . It costs $ 20 to park for the day with the valet , and then you get the treat you book , plus you can wander around the lush hotel property and enjoy its other wonders . Monorail , kids ? For another window into Disney luxe experiences , you might try dining at Todd English 's high-end bluezoo restaurant at the Dolphin Hotel and then check out the rest of the joint , which is near Hollywood Studios and Epcot  plus , Swan and Dolphin hotel restaurants will validate your parking , making that part free  . World 's top 25 amusement parks Take a private VIP tour The cost of Walt Disney World is even more exasperating when you realize you 've paid all that money just to wait in line for rides . The always-improving FastPass + system helps , allowing you to make reservations for up to three rides per day . But who wants to go on just three rides ? Paying for a Disney World VIP tour gives you all kinds of perks : door-to-door transportation from your hotel , preferred seating during select entertainment options and parades , and most important , what amounts to unlimited FastPass + entries onto rides . Want to go on Splash Mountain six times ? In a row ? At the height of the season ? Well , you can do it with a VIP tour . The various Disney World VIP tour options start around $ 299 per person . But look at it this way : You could pay for theme park tickets for three days  i.e. , $ 300-plus a person  to go on only nine FastPass + rides  plus wait in interminable lines for whatever else you choose  . Or for roughly the same amount of money , you could buy a ticket for just one day and , for instance , pay for the "  Ultimate Day of Thrills VIP Tour " a group experience with a Disney VIP tour guide , lunch at a table-service restaurant included plus automatic FastPass + admission to 11 of the most exhilarating rides across three Disney World parks . Universal Orlando also has great VIP tour offerings , starting around $ 229 per person . In addition to priority entrance to rides , my family enjoyed having a knowledgeable guide walking us through the park , showing my daughter exactly how to use her wand in Diagon Alley , for instance , or how we could meet the minions without going on the Despicable Me ride . Sally Kohn is an activist , columnist and television commentator . Follow her on Twitter @sallykohn .	The Four Seasons Orlando offers a new level of luxury It may be difficult to lure kids away from the expansive pool complex A VIP park tour means breezing through lines for as many rides as you can fit in
CNN  -- The crowdfunding model , in which entrepreneurs seek online pledges to finance their pet projects , appears to be alive and well . Kickstarter , the platform that has helped launch the Pebble smartwatch , the Oculus Rift gaming headset and the upcoming "  Veronica Mars " movie , said it surpassed $ 1 billion in pledges on Monday . Although Kickstarter has been around for almost five years , it said more than half of the money was pledged in the past 12 months . "  $ 1 billion means that people care about new ideas , " said the company in a special page announcing the milestone . The money helped bankroll 57,000 creative projects , from films and comic books to tech gadgets and video games . Pledges came from 5.7 million people in 224 countries , most commonly the United States  $ 663 million  , the UK  $ 54 million  and Canada  $ 45 million  . That 's a far cry from Kickstarter 's first day -- April 28 , 2009 -- when a grand total of 40 people pledged $ 1,084 to seven projects . Kickstarter 's top 50 projects : When they shipped The site requires project creators to choose a deadline and a target funding goal , with financial backers typically receiving preferential access to their product . Kickstarter takes 5 % of all successfully funded projects . Investors are only charged if the project reaches its stated goal within the alloted time for fundraising -- otherwise no money changes hands . If you 're wondering , Wednesday is the day of the week when backers have pledged the most money , while pledges usually drop off on weekends . Kickstarter is part of a growing number of crowdfunding sites that include Indiegogo , RocketHub and Crowdrise . Last month Kickstarter urged users to change their passwords after revealing it had been hacked .	Kickstarter says it surpassed $ 1 billion in pledges on Monday The money helped bankroll 57,000 creative projects The crowdfunding site launched in 2009
CNN  -- American entrepreneur Gene Haas is a great believer in the adage "  you 've got to speculate to accumulate . " Which goes some way to explaining why he 's prepared to enter the dollar-draining world of Formula One -- and expects to make money . Tthe 61-year-old NASCAR team owner has been motoring on with his plans to build his brand new Haas F1 Team from scratch to join the grid in 2016 . As the founder of Haas Automation , he sees F1 's global world championship as the perfect shop window for his billion dollar machine tool manufacturing business . "  If I can achieve an extra billion in sales , we will pay for whatever F1 costs , " the Californian told CNN 's The Circuit . "  Some teams spend half a billion , some spend 50 million dollars a year , " as Haas did the maths . "  We should be somewhere in the middle of that . " Haas has taken note of Red Bull Racing 's success in F1 , a team that has won four straight world titles in the 10 years since Austrian tycoon Dietrich Mateschitz , the co-founder of the energy drink company , bought and revamped the Jaguar race team . "  Just the association of being with F1 basically takes a brand from nobody to the stratosphere , " said Haas , whose team will be based in Kannapolis , North Carolina , though it will have an overseas office close to London , England . However , a concern for Haas must be that F1 's most recent start-ups have enduring mixed fortunes . Of the three teams who joined F1 when the grid was expanded to 12 teams in 2010 , only Caterham and Marussia remain in business . The Spanish HRT team quit the sport because of lack of funding at the end of 2012 , while Caterham and Marussia are still battling to survive from the back of the grid , with the future of both teams far from certain . "  I think their biggest problem was trying to get to the grid so fast , " argued Haas . "  For us we want to make sure that before the cars come for practice in January 2016 , we will have that chassis hopefully completely assembled by November . "  We will spend a fair amount of time making sure we have the right spares , the right pit equipment , the right logistics , the right containers -- all the right things that takes us to get to the race . " Having started his own NASCAR team in 2003 , Haas joined forces with three-time Sprint Cup champion Tony Stewart to form the successful Stewart-Haas Racing team in 2009 . If NASCAR taught Haas anything it is that the right connections are essential to motorsport success . Hence his F1 team has already signed a technical partnership with Ferrari , the most successful team in the history of the sport . The agreement means the Italian marque will supply the Haas team with hybrid engines and gearboxes as well as general technical support . "  It 's the people that you partner with , " responds Haas , when asked what he learned from setting up his NASCAR team from the bottom up . "  Ferrari wanted to go beyond being just an engine supplier and they were going to help us with the basic structures of the car . "  It 's an honor to have Ferrari help us in this way and we take all the help they can give us because you ca n't really get better than Ferrari . " Haas was at the Italian Grand Prix , where rumors also swirled about the concept of F1 's major marques -- the likes of Ferrari , McLaren , Mercedes and Red Bull -- running three-car teams , an idea that would potentially see minnows like the Haas F1 Team knocked off the grid . "  I 'm ready for a Formula One with eight teams with three cars each , " F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone told Italian newspaper Gazzetta dello Sport in an interview : But the implacable Haas says he is not worried that his eponymous F1 team wo n't have a place on the grid if Ecclestone 's idea comes to fruition . "  We have a license , we will be there , " Haas insisted . "  Unless something changes that would be a shock to me . "  I think Bernie 's objective is to have teams who are well-structured , well-funded and that race at a level that the world championship requires . " So Haas continues to focus on overseeing the first American-based F1 team to compete at the elite level of global motorsport since 1986 . A bid by the USF1 team to join the grid in 2010 ended ignominiously because of a lack of funding . American dream F1 still lags behind the domestic NASCAR and IndyCar series when it comes to audience share . However the reintroduction of the U.S. Grand Prix in 2012 on a new circuit in Austin in 2012 has helped grow the sport 's popularity . "  I tell ya , an American team with an American driver would be simply hitting it out of the ball park as far as the media would be concerned , " enthused Haas . "  We would love to do that but it 's a bit too early to try and predict that . It would be great to have fellow Americans behind us and supporting us , that would be a tremendous push for us . " If winning over homegrown motorsport fans is a long-term aim -- not to forget the plans to double the turnover of the Haas business -- then the short-term goal for the Californian car enthusiast is much more prosaic . "  The first five years is about just surviving , " Haas says . "  I do n't have any grander expectations that we are going to go there and win championships . "  If we can even win one race in five years that would be a tremendous success . " Given Marussia have only won two points -- thanks to stricken driver Jules Bianchi 's ninth-place finish in Monaco this season -- and Caterham are yet to score a point , a grand prix victory for the Haas F1 Team would be success indeed . Hammer time Do n't bet against it happening though with Haas at the helm . "  I 've been tinkering with cars most of my life , since I was 10 years old , " adds Haas . "  I always had this flavor , this attitude ` yeah I think I can do that a little bit better . ' "  I just never give up and keep trying , trying and trying . I just keep hammering away . "  If you keep doing something long enough , you learn how to do it and I do n't think F1 is any different . "  It 's just a challenge . Certainly the biggest challenge of my career but I do n't have any doubts we can do it . You just do n't give up . "	Gene Haas wants to bolster business brand by founding a Formula One team The American 's Haas F1 Team is due to join the world championship in 2016 Haas , who owns a NASCAR team , wants to win a grand prix within the first five years "  F1 is the biggest challenge of my career but I do n't have any doubts we can do it , " he says
CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration on Thursday proposed fining AirTran Airways for allegedly operating an airplane not in compliance with regulations , the agency said . The FAA wants to fine AirTran Airways of Orlando , Florida , $ 250,000 for allegedly operating a Boeing 737 on four passenger flights without testing the sensor that indicates potential loss of lift on the aircraft . The angle-of-attack sensor was damaged by lightning during a March 20 , 2009 flight , said the statement . AirTran is also accused of misusing the Minimum Equipment List when it decided to continue flights without addressing the needed repair , the statement said . The MEL is a list of what systems must be working to fly a plane legally and what can be deferred for later repairs . Repairing a damaged AOA sensor can not be deferred , said the statement . AirTran has 30 days to respond or challenge the agency 's enforcement letter .	FAA proposes fine for AirTran 's alleged disregard for regulations AirTran allegedly used an airplane in need of required repairs AirTran has 30 days to settle or challenge the claim
Editor 's note : Steve Perry is the founder and principal of the Capital Preparatory Magnet School in Hartford , Connecticut , and author of "  Man Up ! : Nobody is Coming to Save Us , " which offers solutions to problems in the black community . Steve Perry says a question from a parent started his journey to creating a top-performing school . HARTFORD , Connecticut  CNN  -- "  Why do only rich kids get good schools ? " I was the founder and director of a part-time out-of-school college preparatory program . The questioner was a parent ; herself a victim of a dulled urban education . The statement was more of an indictment than question , and I had no answer . "  Well , why ca n't this program be a school , " she offered . The program sent 100 percent of our graduates to college . We served poor students who were the first generation in their families to attend college . We provided college preparation through a six-week summer program , after-school tutoring and in-school academic advising . That single mother 's question came at the end of the summer program . This was always a tough time . As the kids said goodbye to their friends and the program 's high expectations , we all looked at the school year with great trepidation . We knew that the students were returning to failed schools with very low expectations -- and results to match . Like that mom , I too wondered why wealth and whiteness are too often linked to quality education . Her question connected to a discussion that I 'd been having with some colleagues during the summer program . All of the teachers in that program worked in failed urban schools . Many had tried to reform traditional urban schools . They 'd started formal and informal programs , identified groups of kids and connected to parents . Each had had some success with some kids , but the conditions that led to the need to do something went unchanged . The question was raised at the end of our 2002 summer program . My first instinct was to begin down the path of opening an all-male minority charter school . In Connecticut , charter schools are publicly funded and privately run , with no teachers ' unions , no school board influence and no centralized curriculum . These were the pluses . There was only one minus : There was no money . The charter idea was dead as soon as it began . I assembled an all - black team . My plan was to put black educators together , and we would show 'em . Brothers and sisters were gon na open a successful charter school . Black educators serving black kids . This was my first major mistake . Talent and commitment have no color . Kids do n't care what color their teachers are , and I should n't have either . After almost a year of stops and starts with a team that was not effectively assembled , I realized that I failed in my judgment because I did not keep my eye on the goal , which was to build a school that sent kids to college regardless of their hue or economic status . I have never made that mistake again . I doubled back and went into the schools and found the teachers who stayed the latest and arrived the earliest . I looked for the most ambitious teachers who had a reputation of being the most talented , and we started a second team . I am a social worker . I knew that I could run an organization , but was n't sure about developing curriculum . When I created Team 2 , my first pick was the best teacher I could find . Rich Beganski is the perfect complement , or opposite , of who I am . He 's meticulous and lives and breathes curriculum . He is an operations genius . He was a longtime assistant coach who never wanted to be coach . I 've never been an assistant and do n't want to be one . Our team was composed of a white guy , a Latina , a black woman and a black man bound by a single commitment : to send kids to college . In 2003-04 , Connecticut was settling a desegregation case . A component of the agreement was to open eight magnet schools in Hartford in two years . Magnet schools are publicly funded and publicly run theme-based schools , complete with unions and subordinate to the local school board . The part-time college preparatory program was hosted in a community college . The college 's president was an impulsive visionary . On a Friday afternoon elevator ride from the 10th to the seventh floor , he said , "  Steve , we 're gon na start a high school , you should run it . " I told him I would and got off on the seventh floor . First thing that following Monday , I was in his office with the dead charter school application . Over the next few months , we tweaked it until it became a magnet application . With the help of some of the program 's parents , we submitted it to Hartford 's mayor , superintendent , and then the board . The process was anything but smooth . The district could not conceptualize what Capital Prep would become . A year-round college-preparatory uniform school for grades six to 12 was the absolute antithesis of the district 's offerings . Hartford was either the worst or second-worst school system in Connecticut , with a high dropout rate and three failed traditional high schools . At first , Capital Prep was a poorly received idea . It became real , in large part , because of the state 's settlement and our team 's determination to answer the question . After receiving school board and state approval in December 2004 , we were expected to open for August 2005 . The problem was that while we had a "  team , " Capital Prep did n't have a single employee . Since we were becoming Hartford Board of Education employees , we all had to apply for our jobs . My hire was relatively painless . Beganski , the team 's operations genius , was turned away as an "  internal " candidate . After two years of working 30 hours a week to turn an idea into a reality , he became our first central office/union casualty . I promised to resign if he was n't hired . Finally , the district relented and gave him the job that he had designed . This was to become an ongoing theme in the school 's first few years : ridiculous actions focused on maintaining the failed status quo . We worked through the summer with the rest of the team . The district stumbled and stalled until , with less than two weeks before our first day of school , Capital Prep only had two staff members : Beganski and me . We were not allowed to hire a single teacher . Even though we had had a team that had worked for years researching and designing the school for no money , we were told that none of them could be hired because union rules dictated who and when we could hire . This meant that our last employee for year one was hired 14 hours before the first day of school . In the years that have followed , the struggles with the union and central office 's narrow , regressive policies have tested our commitment to answer that mother 's simple question . The complexity of the answer is rooted in Capital Prep 's relationship to the failed policies of the once highly centralized district and educators ' union . In recent years , a new superintendent has come on board -- the third in our first three years . His approach has been absolutely aligned with what we need to exist . He leaves us alone as long as we get results . He ca n't shield us from the unions , but he has supported our creativity and commitment to our kids . He lets me run the school , and our teachers teach what works . That 's all we 've ever sought . Answering the question of "  why only the rich kids get good schools " has set our team on an odyssey . Seven years later , we have an answer that we are proud of . Rich kids are not the only kids who have good schools , because Capital Prep 's 80 percent black/Latino , 60 percent poor students attend one of America 's top high schools , according to US News & World Report . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Perry .	Steve Perry : A parent asked why only rich kids get good schools He says question started process of building a quality school Perry says his team fought bureaucracy , union to try something new He says his school is highly rated and sends all graduates to college
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- At QB9 's bricked-walled workspace in Buenos Aires , about 50 employees stay busy day and night creating video games . The company is one of 65 Argentine firms who have been making a name for themselves in recent years in the highly-popular , billion-dollar video game universe . QB9 has found particular success with an online kids ' game called "  Mundo Gaturro " which has nearly one million registered users . "  The Argentine video game industry employs some 3,000 people , and we will generate $ 55 million in revenue this year . And we are growing fast , " says Alfredo Cattan , president of both QB9 and the Argentina Game Developers Association . Until recently , video game developers have been concentrated in the United States , Europe and Asia , but over the past decade Latin American developers have blossomed , attracting millions in venture capital funding while developing games for blue-chip brands like Facebook and MTV . In October , Chilean game developer Atakama Labs was acquired by Japanese online services company DeNA . Last year , Argentina 's Three Melons was bought by social games behemoth Playdom , now part of the Walt Disney Company . Initially , these big firms were attracted to Latin American game developers because of their low-cost creativity , but that is no longer the only reason . "  It has been proven that -LSB- the Latin American video game -RSB- industry is really up to the standards , and we can compete with good quality works coming from the most important markets abroad . It 's not about costs as much as it used to be , " says HernÃ ¡ n Rozenwasser , CEO of QB9 . "  Another thing that sets us apart is our artistic traditions : Argentina has always produced high-quality movies , television and music , and that shows up in our work too . " For years , just getting access to expensive computers and consoles in Latin America was a challenge . Globalization brought cheaper hardware and software , and programming classes at local universities allowed ambitious developers to break into the industry . Still , many say that gamers in Latin America have had to work much harder than their counterparts elsewhere in the world , and that is what sets them apart . "  Growing up , many Latin Americans had to constantly adapt to economic and political uncertainty and a business bureaucracy that people in Silicon Valley could n't even dream of confronting . This has forced entrepreneurs here to think outside-the-box from an early age , and develop a fiercely independent streak , which is crucial for tech innovation , " says Vinod Sreeharsha , a Sao Paulo-based U.S. journalist who has written extensively about the Latin American tech industry . Those within Latin America 's video game industry have recognized their own talent and potential , and are getting proactive about raising brand awareness . Industry leaders are continually organizing conferences around the region , as well as attending important trade shows around the globe . This month alone , video game gatherings took place in Salvador , Brazil , Montevideo , Uruguay and Buenos Aires , attracting thousands of developers and fans , as well as some of the industry 's most recognized names . James Portnow , CEO of Seattle-based Rainmaker Games , who was a keynote speaker at the Argentina Video Games Exposition in Buenos Aires on November 11 , said : "  Five years ago , when I first started looking at Latin America , there was no gaming industry here ; you had some people really hoping , really passionate about games , but no actual businesses . Today , I see a burgeoning market . "  Latin America still has a relatively small gaming community . There is so much potential , so I would encourage developers here to concentrate on building up their internal market . " With the explosion of mobile gaming devices and social media applications , more and more proprietary work is being done by Latin American game developers , and they expect that trend to continue . "  Instead of just doing games as work-for-hire , you are now seeing Argentine products that are released for the world . For example , our game , "  Regnum Online , " is a massively multi-player game played by thousands of people from all around the world . It has been translated into five languages , " says Andres Chilkowski of Buenos Aires-based NGD Studios . And in any language , Latin American video game developers are saying the time has come for them to be considered amongst the world 's best virtual creators .	South American video game companies say they are ready to compete with rest of world Region a source of low-cost creativity but now industry chiefs are ready to compete on quality Argentina has 65 firms , about 3,000 employees and generates $ 55 million
London , England  CNN  -- A piece of rock legend Jimi Hendrix 's guitar , teak from China , a salad server and a plank of wood from a newly constructed London Olympic venue . Each item of this unusual collection of materials has its own unique history and now they have been put together to create a new sailing boat . The 30-foot yacht launched Monday in Emsworth , Hampshire on England 's southern coast , is made up of hundreds of precious items which have been donated by people across the country 's south-east . ` The Boat Project ' is a part of the region 's contribution to the London 2012 Cultural Olympiad , which bills itself as the largest cultural celebration in Olympic history . "  Many people do n't get to be exposed to the Games unless they have a ticket to an event , " says boat builder Mark Covell . "  This gives more people the chance to be a part of the celebrations and the cultural history of the Olympics . " Covell knows firsthand the thrill of being part of the Games -- having won a silver medal in Sydney in 2000 . The Olympian has been involved in the project from the beginning . It 's been two years in the making and Covell compares the scale of the project with his own Olympic preparations . "  It was an enormous task , " explains Covell . "  You needed to go above and beyond . " In all 1221 wooden objects were donated , and every single one has gone into the construction of the vessel . They range from treasures people have come across over the years in their travels to family heirlooms . The result is a yacht that is not only unique in her make up , but also in her sailing capabilities , says Mike Barham , who will captain the yacht . "  She 's much faster than a normal 30 ft yacht , " he explains . "  She 's a cross between a high performance dingy and a high performance sailing boat . " The donated items were collected over six months by organizers who visited 20 locations across south east England . Once laid out , the goods filled an entire carpark . "  The amount of precious things that were given has been really inspiring , " says Covell . Steve Ashmore is one of the hundreds who donated goods . The graphic designer contributed a piece of wood from a block of wood known as a tro , which was used by fisherman to haul their fish up the beach in Hastings , in south-east England . "  I wanted to give something from the place I was from , " he explained . Ashmore is in a unique position , not only has he helped in the physical make up of the boat , but he 's also a part of the crew of volunteers for the boat 's maiden voyage , all of whom have been nominated by their friends and family . "  I want the voyage to do the whole project justice , " the novice sailor says . "  So many people have put time , creativity and love into it . " The crew have been in training in recent weeks for their maiden voyage which will take them around the south east region . It will finish up at the London 2012 Olympic venue in Weymouth , Dorset in August , where it will remain on display throughout the Games . Even without taking to the water Covell says ` The Boat Project ' has embodied the spirit of the Olympics . "  It 's been the community who 've donated their items and a community of volunteers who 've built her and will sail her , " Covell says . "  And bringing the community together is an Olympic ideal . "	1200 donated wooden objects have been used to make the yacht ` The Boat Project ' is a part of the London Cultural Olympiad The yacht will go on display at the 2012 Olympic sailing venue
CNN  -- Whether a monochromatic yellow or featuring every color in the Crayola box , these cites are guaranteed to brighten your day . The word "  pretty " is n't often associated with the shantytowns of Rio de Janeiro . But gazing across the hills toward the notorious Santa Maria favela , you might be pleasantly surprised by the burst of colors , the result of a recent social art project launched by Dutch design duo Haas & Hahn . Pockets of rainbow-bright residences and streets pop up in cities across the globe ; some are contrived , like Haas & Hahn 's favela project and the commissioning of a blue-painted town in southern Spain by Sony Pictures to promote the Smurfs 3D movie  no , really  . Others , like the eclectic homes and murals of ValparaÃso , Chile , are more organic , inspired by the creative spirits of the residents that inhabit them . From a monochromatic Indian city painted pink for a visiting English prince to the candy-colored waterfront of Miami 's South Beach , these landscapes bring a new level of vibrancy to austere deserts , mountains , slums and already sparkling aqua waters . Travel + Leisure : World 's most beautiful canal cities Jaipur , India Now this is a royal welcome : Maharaja Sawai Ram Singh had the whole city daubed in pink for the arrival of Edward , the Prince of Wales , during a diplomatic visit in 1853 . The Rajasthani capital retains its signature rose-tinted hue across broad boulevards and historic buildings like the Hawa Mahal  Palace of the Winds  . Chefchaouen , Morocco A four-hour drive from the bustling city of Fez brings you to this village high in the Rif Mountains , known for its labyrinthine medina bathed entirely in shades of blue . The area was once a refuge for Spanish Jews who , fleeing the Inquisition in the 1500s , found a harmonious haven in Chefchaouen . Though most have now migrated to Israel , the warren of turquoise alleys remains as their legacy . Travel + Leisure : World 's strangest towns Izamal , Mexico Mexico 's tourism secretary designated Izamal , in the Yucatan region , a pueblo magico  magical city  , and it 's easy to see why . The colonial buildings are awash in a vivid yellow that gives the monochromatic town a sunny look whatever the weather . Take a horse-and-buggy ride around the cobblestone streets past marigold churches , government buildings and the city 's centerpiece : the historic 16th-century Basilica of San Antonio de Padua . Bo-Kaap , Cape Town No , that 's not a rainbow at the foot of Signal Hill . The pops of color making their way up the slopes are typical of Cape Town 's historic Muslim quarter , where the mosques and homes make up a splashy kaleidoscope of aquamarine , fuchsia and lime . Its Cape Malay community is descended from slaves brought over by the Dutch from Southeast Asia in the 1600s , and residents began painting their homes to celebrate the end of apartheid . Travel + Leisure : World 's strangest bridges Balat , Istanbul Once Istanbul 's old Jewish quarter , Balat has attracted a more diverse range of residents over time . Yet the architecture takes you back to a lost era ; it 's easy to spend a few hours wandering , preferably with camera in hand , to capture the dilapidated yellow and pink buildings adorned by billowing red or green curtains , all sparkling against the cerulean sky . Juzcar , Spain Among the iconic White Towns of Andalusia , Juzcar looks so comically out of place that you 'd be forgiven for wondering if it 's out of a cartoon -- in fact , you 'd be correct . Until recently , it , too , was a whitewashed village ; in 2011 , Hollywood executives inquired whether the residents would paint their homes blue for a promotional blitz surrounding a Smurfs movie . Afterward , Sony offered to paint the town back , but aware of the skyrocketing tourist numbers that resulted from the gimmick , the 220 citizens voted to keep it blue . South Beach , Miami Neon lights , frothy facades , quirky patterned lifeguard stands , art deco buildings -- driving along Ocean Drive in Miami is a retro trip back to an era when Technicolor was just bursting onto screens . Flamingo pinks and tropical greens flank the white sand on one side , with azure waters on the other . Rio de Janeiro In 2010 , Dutch artists Haas & Hahn schemed to turn a favela in Rio de Janeiro into a giant canvas for their third project in that city 's slums  favelapainting.com  . Enlisting the help of local youths , they converted the homes of Favela Santa Maria into a rainbow of staggering proportions , composed of rays in myriad shades radiating across the facades . Willemstad , Curacao Legend has it that in the 1800s , when the Dutch ruled Curacao , the then-governor attributed the migraines that afflicted him to the powerful Caribbean sun reflecting off the colony 's stark walls . The result ? An official decree that commanded residents to paint the structures anything but white . Today , this World Heritage site owes its distinctive pastel shades to one man 's maladies . Vernazza , Italy These postcard-perfect pastel pink , lemon yellow and sea green facades were hit by devastating floods in 2011 . While the damage to Vernazza and the four other scenic waterfront villages that make up Cinque Terre was severe , efforts are under way to restore , rebuild -- and repaint . See more colorful cities on Travel + Leisure . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	An Indian town was painted pink in 1853 to celebrate a visiting prince , and it kept the color A South African community celebrated the end of apartheid with color In a Smurfs movie promotional stunt , a Spanish town was painted blue , and it stayed blue
A U.S. Army infantryman who lost all four limbs in a 2009 roadside explosion in Iraq has undergone radical transplant surgery that may help him regain use of his arms . Last month , the 26-year-old infantryman had successful surgery -- a rare double arm transplant -- at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore . "  It feels amazing , " Marrocco told reporters Wednesday . "  It is something that I was waiting for for a long time , and now that it happened , I do n't know what to say , because it is such a big thing for my life . " The last thing Marrocco remembers before being hit by an explosion in 2009 was that he was driving an armored vehicle . When he woke up at Walter Reed Medical Center in Washington , Marrocco was alive , but missing all four of his limbs . "  When it happened , I did n't remember too much , " Marrocco said . "  I was still alive , so that 's really all that mattered to me at the time . " Marrocco is one of only seven people in the country to successfully undergo the surgery , and the first quadruple-amputee soldier , according to Johns Hopkins . The surgery , which took 13 hours and 16 orthopaedic and microvascular surgeons from five hospitals -- was also the first bilateral arm transplant performed at Johns Hopkins . All of the surgeons volunteered their services ; the surgery and rehabilitation costs were paid by the Department of Defense 's Armed Forces Institute of Regenerative Medicine and Hopkins . The team of surgeons rehearsed the procedure on cadaver arms four times over the past 18 months , said lead surgeon Dr. W.P. Andrew Lee , director of the Department of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at Johns Hopkins . "  On his right side we did an above-elbow transplant by connecting the bone , muscles , blood vessels , nerves and skin between the donor and recipient , " Lee said . On Marrocco 's left side , "  in order to preserve the elbow joint , we transplanted the entire donor forearm muscles over his remaining tissues , then rerouted the nerves to the new muscle . " While Marrocco is doing well , his recovery will be long and risky , the doctor said . "  The nerves regenerate at the maximum speed of 1 inch per month . The therapy will continue for a few years , first at Johns Hopkins , then at Walter Reed . The progress will be slow , but the outcome rewarding . " Marrocco is taking anti-rejection medication , which can lead to side effects like infection and organ damage . But he 's received an infusion of the donor 's bone marrow cells to further prevent rejection of his new arms . That infusion allows him to take only one anti-rejection drug instead of the usual three-drug cocktail . Doctors call his recovery so far remarkable . Watch : Mom eyes double arm transplant "  Now , I can move my left elbow , " Marrocco said . "  This was my elbow , the one I had before . I can rotate a little bit . This  right  arm is pretty much not much movement at all -- not yet at least . Hopefully , we are hopeful for the future to get some pretty good function out of it , out of both of them . " Doctors said rehabilitation therapy is an integral part of the healing process . "  The next two to three years , Brendan 's full-time job is doing hand therapy , six hours a day , every single day , once nerves grow in , " said Dr. Jaimie Shores , clinical director of hand transplantation at Johns Hopkins . "  He 's going to be working very hard . " Marrocco said he 's up to the task . The thing he 's looking forward to most ? "  Driving . Absolutely , driving . I used to love to drive and it was a lot of fun for me . So , I am really looking forward to getting back to that . And just becoming an athlete again . One of my goals is to hand-cycle a marathon . " Lee hopes the new anti-rejection regimen performed on Marrocco will become the new standard of care for limb and face transplants . Marrocco will participate in a anti-rejection regimen study that 's being funded by the Armed Forces Institute of Regenerative Medicine . For his family , the surgery means moving forward with their lives . "  Our lives have been on hold for the last almost four years waiting for this surgery , getting him through Walter Reed and getting to the point where he was pretty independent , " said mother Michelle Marrocco . "  And now he will be independent , and when he comes home , he 'll be the Brendan we 've all been looking for . " Marrocco 's message to other 's facing similar challenges ? Do n't give up hope . "  Life always get better . You 're still alive ... just be stubborn . Work your ass off . " Lee agreed . "  Advances in medicine are being made every day in different areas , whether it 's tissue transplantation or tissue regeneration , " he said . "  Research is being performed throughout the world with different ways of regenerating tissues and replacing arms , so they should be optimistic , as we are that there will be new treatments and modalities currently not available . " Marrocco said he 's is very optimistic about his future . "  I just want to get the most out of these arms and just as goals come up , knock them down , and take it as absolutely far as I can . So really , I just want to get to the point that I can be completely on my own and just get back to enjoying life . "	Brendan Marrocco says after roadside bombing , being alive was "  all that mattered " The quadruple amputee underwent a successful double-arm transplant He is one of only seven people to undergo the surgery The procedure took 13 hours and 16 surgeons to complete
HBO 's hot new anthology drama True Detectives opened solid in the ratings Sunday night , while comedy Girls returned to a series-high audience . Despite facing the Golden Globe Awards , HBO 's freshman drama debut had 2.3 million viewers -- the biggest HBO series opening since Boardwalk Empire in 2010 , and just barely edging out the series premiere of Game of Thrones from 2011 . True Detective 's first replay added another million viewers to the tally . True Detective stars Woody Harrelson and Matthew McConaughey as Louisiana detectives hunting a serial killer . Check out Jeff Jensen 's in-depth analysis of the first episode . Meanwhile Girls returned to a series-high 1.1 million viewers , up 28 percent from the season 2 debut . Guess that TCA question #ragespiral fight about Lena Dunham 's nudity did n't hurt the show 's popularity  and might have even helped  . EW 's recap here . Though it might seem odd to launch a sophisticated premium drama like True Detective against an event like the Globes , the awards show draws fewer viewers than a major prime-time football game -- which is what HBO faces most weeks this time of year . Also , True Detective feels like a show that 's likely to grow even more in the coming weeks . See the original story here at EW.com .	"  True Detective " premiered on Sunday It was HBO 's biggest premiere since "  Boardwalk Empire " Show was up against Golden Globes
Beijing  CNN  -- When it comes to fighting corruption , virtually all Chinese give the "  thumbs up . " They liken it to "  a rat scampering across the street -- everyone is crying ` beat it up ! ' " This resentment is mirrored in recent public opinion polls , which list graft among the respondents ' top grievances , along with pollution and the rising cost of living , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency . Far from ignoring this growing discontent , President Xi Jinping 's new administration has been targeting Communist Party officials and government bureaucrats whom they believe to be guilty of "  severe breaches of discipline , " a favored euphemism for corruption . The Chinese refer to more minor officials accused of corruption as "  flies " and their more senior counterparts as "  tigers . " So far , the campaign has claimed more flies than tigers . But the list of high-flying officials who have gone from fame to shame include Bo Xilai , the fallen former party chief of Chongqing , who was recently put on trial and is now awaiting the court 's verdict . Timeline : Bo Xilai scandal The campaign has also snared the former railway minister , Liu Zhijun , who was meted a suspended death sentence , and Liu Tienan  no relation  , a former vice minister of the powerful National Development and Reform Commission . Big catch However , the big news this week has been the dismissal of Jiang Jiemin , 58 , the minister of the state-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission  SASAC  , for "  serious disciplinary violations . " Jiang 's dismissal is stunning news . He is a member of the Central Committee , the Communist Party 's policy-making body , and has supervised all the central state-owned Enterprises  SOEs  , which generate massive revenue and jobs . He was promoted into the post only last March . Before that , he was the former chairman of China National Petroleum Corp  CNPC  , one of the biggest Fortune-500 companies in China . His dismissal follows investigations into Li Chuncheng , a former deputy party chief of the southwestern Sichuan province , and four other top oil executives . Many of these officials are known to be allies of Zhou Yongkang , who held senior positions in China 's oil industry . He wielded enormous influence over China 's security apparatus when he served as a member of the nine-person Politburo Standing Committee until he retired last November . Rumors This has prompted rumors on Chinese social media that Zhou is also being investigated . "  If the stories about Zhou Yongkang are true -- and the naming of his associates as targets of corruption investigations surely indicates he is under pressure -- then Xi Jinping is taking China in an especially dangerous direction , " said Gordon G. Chang , author of the book "  The Coming Collapse of China . " "  I think the Communist Party is in the early stages of tearing itself apart , " he added . Chang says Xi faces grave political risks if he is indeed targeting Zhou . "  Since the end of the Cultural Revolution , senior leaders , as a means of ensuring unity and continuity of Communist Party rule , have honored the agreement not to prosecute each other , " Chang said . "  If they can no longer be sure they are safe in retirement , politics will inevitably return to the brutishness of the Maoist era . Deng Xiaoping lowered the cost of losing political struggles . Xi Jinping is raising the stakes , perhaps to extremely high levels . " Other analysts are not convinced that Xi is going after Zhou just yet . "  It will be too destabilizing , "  said Joseph Cheng , professor at the City University of Hong Kong . "  Xi Jinping wants to use the anti-corruption campaign to enhance his popularity and consolidate his power . "  Cases of Bo Xilai and Liu Zhijun were initiated by his predecessors . Xi wants to show that he too is also going after important officials and is ready to tackle vested interests . He wants to do this before the Third Plenum of the Communist Party . " Economic reforms The plenum , a bi-annual conclave which sets major policies , is now scheduled to convene in Beijing in November . The new Chinese leadership is expected to unveil a package of economic reforms later this year to stimulate domestic consumption as an alternative source of growth instead of relying on investment and exports that have propelled the economy for the past 30 years . Cheng says Xi is showing strength , not weakness , by going after powerful vested interests . He says Xi 's anti-graft campaign is tied to economic reform . "  He wants to reduce the privileges of the state sector , to make it more competitive and innovative , and to offer a level playing field to the private sector , " Cheng explained . On the political front , however , Xi has shown little sign of loosening up . A document , known as "  Document No. 9 " and distributed internally by the Communist party 's central committee , warns that "  Western forces hostile to China and dissidents within the country are still constantly infiltrating the ideological sphere . " These opponents , the document says , "  have stirred up trouble about disclosing officials ' assets , using the Internet to fight corruption , media controls and other sensitive topics , to provoke discontent with the party and government . " Public pressure But with China 's economy slowing , the rich-poor gap growing and social tension intensifying , analysts say Xi needs to champion initiatives that resonate with the public , such as fighting graft . Since taking over the reins as China 's paramount leader , Xi has issued warnings about how corrupt practices risk soiling the party 's image and threaten national stability . "  We must uphold the fighting of tigers and flies at the same time , resolutely investigating law-breaking cases of leading officials and also earnestly resolving the unhealthy tendencies and corruption problems which happen all around people , " Xi said in a speech addressing the Communist Party 's top discipline body , Xinhua reported in January . Xi has even directed the spotlight on the People 's Liberation Army , where his wife Peng Liyuan serves as a senior officer . He has issued directives banning drinking and extravagant dining -- particularly among senior officers -- and called for audits of military-owned assets . More recently , the PLA issued a directive tightening approval of gala performances by army singers and dancers . Military performers , like Peng , are now asked not to perform in privately-funded performances and casinos , and not to take part in local TV talent shows . They are also ordered not to set up companies or studios for personal financial purposes . While Xi may earn praise for showing his resolve in tackling corruption , it remains to be seen if he can sustain the campaign long enough to eradicate "  all the rats which still roam the corridors of power " in China .	President Xi Jinping 's new administration has been targeting corrupt officials Former rising star Bo Xilai has been the most high-profile case so far But some analysts wonder whether this drive is politically-motivated Joseph Cheng : "  Xi 's anti-graft campaign is tied to economic reform "
Salt Lake City , Utah  CNN  -- Elizabeth Smart will continue her testimony Tuesday in the federal kidnapping trial of Brian David Mitchell . Mitchell told Smart he wanted her from the moment he first saw her , Smart told a captivated jury Monday . He said he planned for months how he would snatch her so she could join him and his wife in a "  celestial " plural marriage , Smart testified . "  He said they had been preparing for me since he saw me , " she said . It was the fall of 2001 , and he was panhandling outside a mall in downtown Salt Lake City , Utah . Smart said she was with her mother and five brothers and sisters , shopping for school clothes . "  My mother gave gave him five bucks , " Smart told told the jury . Mitchell was hired by her mother to fix a leaky skylight and rake leaves . Smart saw him around the house that fall but never spoke to him , she said . Before dawn on June 2 , 2002 , she awoke to the sound of a man 's voice and a cold sharp blade against her throat . "  I remember him saying , ' I have a knife to your neck . Do n't make a sound . Get out of bed and come with me or I will kill you and your family , ' " Smart testified . He led her in her red silk pajamas up a trail into the rugged back country and over a ridge , hiking what she estimated to be three to five hours to a crude campsite . There , she said , he "  sealed " her to him as his wife and raped her . She said she begged him to stop , pleading , "  I 'm just a little girl . " She struggled , but she said at age 14 she was no match for a grown man . Afterward , she cried herself to sleep . The next day , as she cried again , he told her she was "  lucky , " Smart testified . He said he was a prophet and that God had chosen her to be by his side as he prepared for the second coming of Jesus Christ . She said she did n't feel lucky at all . "  I felt like I had a burden the size of a mountain to carry around with me the rest of my life , " Smart said . Now 23 and living in Paris , France , Smart spent much of the day on the witness stand Monday , beginning a detailed description of her nine months of captivity with Mitchell and his wife , Wanda Barzee . She spoke of being raped "  daily at the very least , " tethered between two trees "  like an animal , " and forced to watch and participate in sex acts she found repugnant . She said she was forced to smoke cigarettes and drink wine and "  hard liquor . " She did not have to face her alleged abductor on Monday . Mitchell , 57 , loudly sings hymns whenever he is in court . He had been ejected , as usual , from the courtroom and was watching the trial from another room . He is charged with kidnapping and taking a minor across state lines for sex . If convicted , he faces life in prison . Mitchell 's attorneys do not dispute what happened but say their client was insane at the time of the alleged abduction , and therefore not responsible for his actions . "  You 'll have to ferret out not only what happened , but why it happened , " attorney Parker Douglas told jurors earlier Monday . "  We 're asking you to determine what was in someone 's mind . This is made difficult with a crazy mind . The easy explanation is not always the correct one . " He described his client as "  a crazy person who comes in the middle of the night " -- exactly what we are taught to fear as children , he said . Smart told the jury she thought about running away that first morning , despite the threats against her life and her family . "  I did n't want to spend another day with him . I never wanted to see him again , " she said . "  I 'd seen what he had done to me . I 'd seen how he had come in and taken me from my the bed , the place I thought was the safest place in the world , in my home , with my sister beside me . " She continued , "  I felt that because of what he had done to me , I was marked . I was n't the same . My personal value had dropped . I was nothing . Another person could never love me and and I felt , yeah , I could take the risk of trying to escape and being killed . " Later , after the shock began to wear off , she said she thought about her parents and the life she had before . "  I decided my parents would always love me despite what he did to me , " she told the jury . "  I had n't changed . I was still a person of worth ... I decided to live . " After that , she began to go along with what Mitchell told her to do . She was compliant . She listened , and even began to mimic his speech and his ways . As she stepped off the witness stand , Smart walked over to her parents , Ed and Lois , who embraced her . Earlier Monday , Smart testified about the night of her abduction . "  I thought I was having a nightmare , " she said of being led away by a bearded man in dark clothing and a stocking cap . "  It was indescribable fear . " Smart 's younger sister Mary Katherine , who witnessed the abduction , testified about awakening her parents with the words : "  Elizabeth is gone . " Also testifying Monday was the Smarts ' mother , Lois . She spent less than an hour on the witness stand , recalling how the family hired Mitchell -- who then called himself Immanuel -- to do odd jobs . But most of her testimony focused on hearing the news that her daughter had been taken . "  Mary Katherine  said that a man had taken Elizabeth with a gun and we would n't find her , " Lois Smart testified . "  He took her either for ransom or for a hostage . " As her husband , Ed , searched the house , Lois Smart said , she ran downstairs , turned on the lights , and saw that the kitchen window was open , its screen cut . She testified she had opened the window the previous evening when she burned some potatoes while making dinner . "  My heart sank and I called out to Ed , ` Call 9-1-1 , ' " she testified . "  It was utter terror . It was the worst feeling , knowing that I did n't know where my child was . I was helpless . " As her family frantically searched the house , Elizabeth testified , she was being led at knife point on the strenuous hours-long hike to a hillside encampment . "  I remember asking him if he realized what he was doing , and he said he did , " she said . "  And I remember saying that if he let me go right now , we would n't press charges on him . And he said he knew exactly what he was doing and he understood the consequences of his actions . " Suddenly , she recognized his face , she testified , and the name Immanuel came to her . She said she asked why he would do this . "  My parents had only tried to help him , " she said . "  He told me he was going to hold me for ransom , and I told him my parents would pay any amount to have me back . " Smart was found nine months after her abduction , walking on a street in the suburb of Sandy , Utah , in the company of Mitchell and Barzee . Barzee , 64 , pleaded guilty in November 2009 to kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor in federal court and was sentenced in May to 15 years in federal prison . She also pleaded guilty but mentally ill in state court to conspiracy to commit aggravated kidnapping in an attempt to kidnap Smart 's cousin a month after Smart was kidnapped . She was given a sentence of one to 15 years , to be served concurrently with the federal sentence , and given credit for the seven years she had spent in custody . As part of her plea agreement , Barzee agreed to cooperate in the state and federal cases against her husband . In Session 's Jean Casarez and Lena Jakobsson contributed to this report .	Brian David Mitchell is accused of abducting then-14-year-old Elizabeth Smart in 2002 Defense attorneys claim Mitchell is insane "  It was indescribable fear , " Smart testifies of her nighttime abduction Smart was held captive for nine months
CNN  -- Singer Aretha Franklin is back home recuperating after undergoing surgery for an undisclosed malady , her publicist , Tracey Jordan , said Wednesday . Doctors called the surgery "  highly successful , " Jordan said , and the Queen of Soul is "  happy to be home " preparing for spending the holidays with her family . Franklin , who entered the hospital early this month , was released at the beginning of the week . "  I 've been at home for almost three days now , " she said in a statement released by Jordan . "  My family and friends who brought me home are taking great care of me . I also have a private nurse who visits on a daily basis . "  I 'm hoping to be strong enough to go out and see the upcoming Sam Cooke play at the Music Hall in Downtown Detroit before January 2 , as well as a performance of Dreamgirls at the FOX before it closes . " Franklin was hospitalized briefly in November , when she canceled all of her upcoming concert dates through May on doctor 's orders .	Singer Aretha Franklin was hospitalized earlier this month Surgery is called "  highly successful " by doctors Franklin says she 's hoping to see a couple of plays soon
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Republican presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee refused to retract a statement he made in 1992 calling for the isolation of AIDS patients . Responding to an Associated Press questionnaire , Huckabee said steps should be taken to "  isolate the carriers of this plague " during his failed run for a U.S. Senate seat from Arkansas 15 years ago . He said he probably would not make the same statement today because of what is known about how HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , is transmitted . "  I had simply made the point -- and I still believe this today -- that in the late '80s and early '90s , when we did n't know as much as we do now about AIDS , we were acting more out of political correctness than we were about the normal public health protocols that we would have acted , " Huckabee told Fox News on Sunday . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention concluded in 1985 that AIDS was not transmitted by casual contact . But Huckabee said at the time , "  there were other concerns being voiced by public health officials . " He disputed the characterization that he was calling for individuals infected with HIV to be quarantined . "  Now , would I say things a little differently in 2007 ? Probably so , " Huckabee told Fox News . "  But I 'm not going to recant or retract from the statement that I did make because , again , the point was not saying we ought to lock people up who have HIV/AIDS . " Huckabee did not explain how individuals with HIV would have been isolated . During his Senate run , Huckabee also told the AP in the questionnaire that he found homosexuality to be "  an aberrant , unnatural and sinful lifestyle . " Speaking Monday in Miami , Florida , Huckabee said he still stands by his earlier remarks on homosexuality . Watch Huckabee 's comments about homosexuals " "  Let 's understand what sin means , " Huckabee said . "  Sin means missing the mark . Missing the mark could mean missing the mark in any area . We 've all missed the mark . " The former Baptist minister said the "  proper relationship " is one between a married man and woman having children . "  If we did n't have that as the ideal , we would n't have a civilization that was able to perpetuate , " he said . "  So , rather than read into something incredibly out of line , just read into the fact that I believe that the ideal relationship is one-man , one-woman , pro-life . " The former Arkansas governor has come under increased scrutiny since his rapid rise in the polls , particularly in Iowa , where a McClatchy-MSNBC poll conducted December 3-6 has him leading the GOP field with the support of 32 percent of likely caucus-goers . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , who had been leading in Iowa for months , was the second closest rival for the GOP presidential nomination , at 20 percent . The poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 5 percentage points . Huckabee also has come under scrutiny for his role in the parole of a convicted rapist who later went on to rape and kill another woman . As Arkansas governor , Huckabee supported the parole of Wayne DuMond , who was convicted and sentenced to a life term for raping a 17-year-old girl . After DuMond 's parole in 1999 , he killed a woman in Kansas City , Missouri , in 2003 . DuMond died in prison two years later . Huckabee wrote a 1996 letter to DuMond supporting his release from prison , but the candidate said the decision was made by a parole board dominated by appointees of his predecessors , Jim Guy Tucker and Bill Clinton . Former members of the Arkansas Parole Board at the time also said that Huckabee pressured them to approve DuMond 's parole , though Huckabee denies doing so . Last week , the mother of the woman DuMond killed in 2003 said she would actively campaign against Huckabee . In an interview with CNN , Huckabee called it "  heartbreaking " that the rape victims ' deaths had become politicized . "  There are families who are truly , understandably and reasonably , grief-stricken , " Huckabee said . "  And for people to now politicize these deaths and to try to make a political case out of it rather than to simply understand that a system failed and that we ought to extend our grief and heartfelt sorrow to these families , I just regret politics is reduced to that . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dana Bash and Evan Glass contributed to this report .	NEW : Mike Huckabee stands by '92 remarks on homosexuality as "  sinful lifestyle " Huckabee also called for isolation of AIDS patients in earlier questionnaire GOP candidate says he would n't say same thing about AIDS patients today But Huckabee says he wo n't retract his earlier comments on AIDS
Ethiopia is turning to renewable energy technology as the East African country looks to become a powerhouse for its regional partners . Last month , Ethiopia launched one of the continent 's largest wind farms in a bid to rapidly boost its generating capacity over the next three to five years . The Ashegoda Wind Farm and the Grand Renaissance Dam , under construction on the Nile , are just two of the major projects outlined in the Ethiopian government 's five-year Growth and Transformation Plan . Both developments will see Ethiopia 's transition into one of the regions biggest energy exporters as electric output surges from 2,000 megawatts  MW  to 10,000 MW . More than half of this is expected to come from the Renaissance Dam . Read more : Africa 's giant infrastructure projects And with further commitments to geothermal power and potential for oil exploration , Ethiopia 's energy resources are set to be among the most diversified in Africa . Ashegoda wind farm Jerome Douat , chief executive of Vergnet , the French wind turbine company contracted to build the Ashegoda farm , told CNN that Ethiopia is an energy "  reservoir " in the region . Douat said : "  The wind comes from the ocean to the Rift Valley . We have placed the turbines at 2,200 meters above sea level in one of the windiest places in Ethiopia . " The wind farm , with a capacity of 120 MW , is located near the northern city of Mek ` ele and sits next to the Great Rift Valley , which runs through the country . Douat added : "  Vergnet machines are ideal for remote areas in Ethiopia and designed for this kind of region because our turbines are easy to transport , there 's no need for a big crane and they 're easier to maintain . " With just 23 % of Ethiopia 's 90 million people having access to electricity the wind farm is expected to generate power throughout the year , except during the rainy season between June and September . Vergnet built the Ashegoda site in partnership with the Ethiopian government at a cost of 210 million euros  $ 290 million  with loans from France 's largest bank BNP Paribas and the French Development Agency . Will Macpherson , sub-Saharan African energy analyst at African Energy Consultancy , said Ethiopia is aiming to be the region 's major supplier , working with foreign investors to provide power to neighbouring Sudan , Djibouti and Kenya . "  People in the energy industry , particularly in renewables , say the government is good to work with , " he told CNN , "  they deliver on commitments and build good relationships with investors . " "  One of its central aims is to improve access rates across the country , " he added , "  but  the government  also recognizes that it 's vulnerable to seasonal variations in rainfall , so even if it really boosts its installed capacity , which it 's doing , it could still suffer from power outages . " Read more : DR Congo 's mega dam ambitions According to the country 's five-year plan , which runs to 2015 , the government is also seeking investment in geothermal and biofuel production to offset any problems with wind . Macpherson believes this will diversify the country 's energy supply , while adding that other African nations will soon begin to follow suit . He said : "  In Kenya , a 300 MW wind power project will be commissioned near Lake Turkana in 2015 , and the country is leading the way in geothermal . South Africa has also been very successful in developing renewable projects . " Macpherson also noted that Ethiopia is keen on oil exploration in the Ogaden Basin . The field , which lies in the east of the country , is believed to contain vast oil and gas reserves , according to SouthWest energy , a national exploration company . Ethiopia 's big leap forward The Ashegoda Wind Farm and the Grand Renaissance Dam mark a major leap forward for a country that spent parts of the last century ravaged by war and famine . And while Ethiopia still faces major social problems with poverty and living standards , the country has managed to emerge as one of Africa 's fastest growing economies , recording 8.5 % growth in 2012 . The mega-dam , scheduled for completion by July 2017 , is likely to spur economic growth further . At a cost of $ 4.7 billion , the dam will create 12,000 jobs and generate 6,000 MW of energy , according to the government . Read more : Ghana plans $ 10 billion tech city Sitting on the Blue Nile river , the dam will also serve neighboring Sudan and Egypt , despite concerns from those countries that Ethiopia will have too much control over a vital water source in the region . Last month , in a further move to boost energy supplies , the Ethiopian government signed a contract with U.S.-Icelandic development company Reykjavik Geothermal to develop one of the world 's largest geothermal power projects . The plant is part of U.S. President Barack Obama 's $ 7 billion Power Africa initiative , which aims to double energy access in sub-Saharan African . Reykjavik Geothermal will invest $ 4 billion into the project and will provide 1,000 MW of power to Ethiopia by 2018 . When complete , it will be Ethiopia 's biggest foreign direct investment , said the firm . At the unveiling of the geothermal project in New York last month , Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn said : "  My vision is that over the next 30 years , we will need to harness as much as 80,000 MW of hydro , geothermal , wind and solar power , not just for Ethiopia , but for our neighboring countries as well . "	Ethiopia is launching numerous renewable energy projects Ashegoda Wind Farm will be one of continent 's biggest Grand Renaissance Dam could generate 6,000 MW of electricity Ethiopia plans to export energy to neighboring countries
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korean and U.S. forces have been placed on a higher surveillance alert level , after North Korea threatened military action following its nuclear test earlier this week , the joint forces announced on Thursday . South Korean soldiers use binoculars to look at North Korea on Wednesday in Paju , South Korea . The "  Watchcon " alert was raised to its second-highest level on Thursday , a government spokeswoman told CNN . The last time the joint forces raised the surveillance alert was after North Korea 's last nuclear test in 2006 , according to South Korea 's Yonhap News Agency . The separate five-stage combat alert level , known as "  Defcon , " has not changed and remains at stage 4 , South Korean defense spokesman Won Tae-jae said at Thursday 's briefing , according to Yonhap . "  Additional intelligence assets , including personnel , will be deployed while reconnaissance operations over North Korea will increase , " Won said , according to Yonhap . He declined to give specific details , the news agency said . Watch Hillary Clinton 's warning about ` consequences ' " North Korea conducted a nuclear test Monday and fired five short-range missiles Monday and Tuesday . On Wednesday , the country threatened military action after South Korea joined a U.S.-led effort to limit the trafficking of weapons of mass destruction . There has also been recent activity at North Korea 's Yongbyon nuclear facility , according to U.S. officials , who cited information from U.S. spy satellites . The officials would not speculate about the type of activity . North Korea agreed in 2008 to scrap its nuclear weapons program -- which it said had produced enough plutonium for about seven atomic bombs -- in exchange for economic aid . But the deal foundered over verification and disclosure issues , and the North expelled international inspectors and announced plans to restart its main nuclear reactor at the Yongbyon complex . CNN 's Barbara Starr in Washington contributed to this report .	Joint forces in S. Korea elevate surveillance alert in response to N. Korean threat Combat alert level unchanged , S. Korean military spokesman says North Korea tested nuclear device , missiles , threatened military action
CNN  The reported kidnapping of a Vallejo , California , woman for ransom this week was nothing but a hoax , police said . Vallejo police Lt. Kenny Park went as far as to call it a "  wild goose chase " that wasted department resources . Denise Huskins and her boyfriend Aaron Quinn , who reported the kidnapping Monday , are no longer cooperating with police , Park said . Huskins was found safe on Wednesday , more than 400 miles away in Huntington Beach . Officers from the Huntington Beach Police Department talked with Huskins , 29 , at her father 's apartment complex , department spokeswoman Jennifer Marlatt told reporters . The case has authorities scratching their heads . Huskins initially indicated she would be happy to talk with Vallejo police and provide details of what happened , according to Park . Anxious to talk with her , Vallejo police and the FBI sent a jet to Huntington Beach to fly her back to the Bay Area . When it was time to go , Huskins was a no show . "  As of right now , we have not heard from Miss Huskins and we are no longer in contact with any of the family members , " Park said late Wednesday . The family has retained an attorney . Like Huskins , Quinn is n't talking . Charges are possible in the case , Park said , but those will be decided by the district attorney once the investigation is complete . The quickly changing developments left authorities frustrated . Quinn called on Monday afternoon to report that his girlfriend had been kidnapped several hours earlier from his home . At the time , Park said that the case was being treated as a kidnap for ransom . Huskins ' father , Michael , made an emotional appeal through CNN affiliate KGO-TV in San Francisco directed at the kidnappers : "  Do n't hurt her , please do n't hurt her . " "  The biggest fear is the horror she might be going through ... that 's my biggest fear . The horror , she does n't deserve that , not from anybody . " "  It 's like a nightmare that I ca n't wake up from , " her father told the affiliate . "  This is not supposed to happen . " Then , the San Franciso Chronicle posted an audio clip . On it , a woman who identified herself as Denise Huskins says she has been abducted . "  My name is Denise Huskins . I am kidnapped , otherwise I 'm fine , " the voice says . "  Earlier today there was a plane crash in Alps and 158 people died . And one thing that people know about me is that I went to my first concert , me and my mom , to Blink 182  last word is inaudible  . " The editor in chief of the Chronicle , Audrey Cooper , said the newspaper received a link to the audio file in an email . The Chronicle reported the anonymous email said Huskins would be "  returned safely  Wednesday  . We will send a link to her location after she has been dropped off . She will be in good health and safe while she waits . Any advance on us or our associates will create a dangerous situation for Denise . Wait until she is recovered and then proceed how you will . We will be ready . " Then came Wednesday . The Chronicle reported that Huskins ' father said he received a voice mail from his daughter saying she had been dropped off at his apartment . He called police to ask that the authorities pick her up and make sure she was safe , he told the newspaper . "  I almost had a heart attack , " he said , according to the Chronicle . "  I tried to get authorities to pick her up , but they kept asking me a bunch of questions . I said , ` Send a squad car . ' I was hyperventilating . " Authorities are unclear what exactly is going on . Or , if they know , they 're not saying . Police said the requested ransom amount was $ 8,500 . The FBI is investigating the Huskins ' financial records . About 40 detectives from various agencies and 100 support personnel "  worked around the clock " on the case , leaving the community on edge , Park said . "  I can tell you that our investigation has concluded that none of the claims has been substantiated , " he said . "  And I can go one step further to say this : That this was not a random act and that the members of our community are safe and that they have nothing to fear . " "  It 's disappointing . It 's disheartening , " he said . CNN 's Dan Simon , Tony Marco , Faith Karimi , Ashley Fantz , Elan Bird , Michael Martinez , Stella Chan , Rosalina Nieves and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	Police call the case a hoax , a "  wild goose chase " Abductors seized Denise Huskins on Monday , her boyfriend told authorities
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  Django Unchained " actress Daniele Watts defended her refusal to show her ID to Los Angeles police before they handcuffed her last week . The African-American actress and her white boyfriend accused police of racism for questioning them in what they said was only a public display of affection . "  I believe in America and what it stands for , " Watts said Monday in an interview on CNN 's "  New Day . " Police responded to a citizen complaint that "  a male white and female black were involved in a sexual act inside a Mercedes " outside the gate of CBS Studio Center on Thursday , according to a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles Police Department . Legal experts said the officer had the right to request identification if he suspected illegal behavior , but audio of part of the encounter with police , published by TMZ , revealed that Watts did not believe so . "  Somebody called , which gives me the right to be here , " the unidentified Los Angeles police officer is heard saying to Watts . "  So It gives me the right to identify you by law . " "  Do you know how many times the cops have been called just for being black ? " she responded . "  Who brought up the race card ? " the officer said . "  I 'm bringing it up because I have every right to be here , " Watts said . When the officer again asked for her ID , the actress responded , "  You can take me down to the court office , and I can make a scene about it . And you know what ? I have a publicist , and I work as an actor in this studio . " The officer , who patrols a neighborhood home to many A-list celebs , including George Clooney and Miley Cyrus , seemed unmoved by the prospect . "  I 'm mildly interested you have a publicist , but I 'm going to get your ID , " he told her . "  No , I 'm going to say no , and if you 'd like my ID you can say that I 'm resisting arrest , " she said . "  There 's no resisting , you 're just interfering , " he said . "  I have probable cause ; we received a radio call . " Watts called her father . "  I ca n't make out with my boyfriend in front of my f -- king studio ? " she is heard yelling to her father . "  I do n't have to give him my ID because it 's my right to sit on the f -- king street corner and make out with my boyfriend . That 's my right . " "  Keep yelling , it really helps , " the officer then said . Watts was eventually handcuffed and placed in a patrol car . She was released a few minutes later when her boyfriend relented and gave the officer her ID . A Los Angeles police representative told CNN on Sunday that officers from its North Hollywood precinct were responding to a citizen complaint . "  There was an indication on the radio call that a male white and female black were involved in a sexual act inside a Mercedes with the vehicle door open , " Officer Sally Madera said . "  Two people were briefly detained , but it was revealed no crime had been committed . " Watts ' boyfriend -- Brian James Lucas , better known as celebrity chef Cheffy Be * Live -- wrote in a Facebook post that police "  saw a tatted RAWKer white boy and a hot bootie shorted black girl and thought we were a HO  prostitute  & a TRICK  client  . " The couple posted a short video clip and several photos showing Watts in handcuffs talking to police . One image shows a cut on her wrist , which she said was caused by the tight handcuffs . Watts , who acts in the FX show "  Partners , " said the officers "  accosted me and forced me into handcuffs " after she refused "  to agree that I had done something wrong by showing affection , fully clothed , in a public place . " Lucas said when an officer asked for their identifications , he showed his that but Watts refused "  to give it because they had no right to do so . " "  So they handcuffed her and threw her roughly into the back of the cop car until they could figure out who she was , " he wrote . "  In the process of handcuffing her , they cut her wrist , which was truly NOT COOL !!! " She was released "  quite quickly when they realized we were right outside CBS and that she was a celebrity and I was a celeb chef , " Lucas wrote . "  Before they figured out who she was they were threatening calling an ambulance and drugging her for being psychologically unstable , SO NOT COOL WHATSOEVER ! " Watts and Lucas said they initially decided to forget about the incident , but then they decided they needed to speak up . "  We still forgive , love and bless them ... just not putting up with this for our own freedom and heart space , " Lucas wrote . The couple has contacted lawyers , the American Civil Liberties Union and the NAACP , he said . "  Our publicist has us in contact with media about it , too , and we 're supposed to hear back . " The Los Angeles Police Department confirmed it is conducting an internal investigation . Watts , a native of Atlanta , made her feature film debut in 2012 as Coco in the Oscar-nominated "  Django Unchained . " Hollywood couple stopped by police , say they were racially profiled	Daniele Watts insists she has a right to refuse to give police her ID Los Angeles police officer told her he had probable cause to request her ID "  I ca n't make out with my boyfriend in front of my f -- king studio ? " she yelled A citizen called to report "  a male white and female black " having sex in public , police say
CNN  -- France 's Stephane Peterhansel clinched the 13th and penultimate stage of the Dakar Rally on Saturday leaving him on the brink of claiming a 10th title in the event . Driving a Mini , Peterhansel completed the 275 km timed stage from Nasca to Pisco in Peru ahead of South Africa 's Ginel De Villiers driving a Toyota . Peterhansel , who has won the car event three times and the motorcycle event six times , has a lead of close to 43 minutes over Spain 's Nani Roma . Does Dakar Rally damage the environment ? "  It was not a stage we were trying to win . First and foremost , we wanted to avoid falling into traps , especially after getting stuck in the sand yesterday , " Peterhansel said , AFP reported . "  There is still a 30-kilometer special to go and we could have a technical problem . I am still holding my breath this evening . I will breathe again once I am on the podium , " he added . Defiant Gordon wins 12th stage Compatriot Cyril Despres looks almost certain to win the motorcycle competition as he takes an 11-minute lead over nearest rival Marc Coma into Sunday 's final stage in Lima after the Spaniard labored with gearbox problems . Portugal 's Helder Rodrigues , riding a Yamaha , won the penultimate stage of the motorcycle race finishing 47 seconds ahead of Despres . "  Today 's stage was psychologically very tough , " Despres said , AFP reported . "  I always wait until the last day to enjoy things . I have seen so many things happen at the Dakar , and even more today . I want to stay calm and enjoy things a bit more , " he added .	Stephane Peterhansel on brink of a 10th Dakar Rally victory Frenchman has won motorcycle event six times and will win fourth car crown barring a catastrophe Compatriot Cyril Despres takes an 11-minute lead into final day of motorcycle event
CNN  -- A Kentucky census worker who was found dead in September committed suicide and staged the scene to look like a homicide , authorities said Tuesday . The body of William E. Sparkman Jr. , 51 , was found September 12 near a cemetery in southeastern Kentucky 's Clay County . He was wearing only socks . "  A thorough examination of evidence from the scene , to include DNA testing , as well as examination of his vehicle and his residence , resulted in the determination that Mr. Sparkman , alone , handled the key pieces of evidence with no indications of any other persons involved , " Kentucky State Police said . Sparkman 's wrists were bound with duct tape , and a rope around his neck was tied to a tree , but his body was touching the ground , authorities said . He had "  Fed " written on his chest in black ink . However , Sparkman 's wrists were loosely bound in front of his body at shoulder width apart , allowing for "  considerable mobility , " said Kentucky State Police Capt. Lisa Rudzinski . He was also in contact with the ground , "  almost on his knees , " she said . "  To survive , all Mr. Sparkman had to do was stand up . " Lividity on the body -- marks made as blood stops pumping and settles in areas of the body -- showed that Sparkman died in the same position , Rudzinski said . His glasses were taped to his head , and that tape was underneath tape that held a rag in his mouth , she said . "  Mr. Sparkman had extremely poor eyesight " and so would have needed his glasses secured , Rudzinski said . But the most compelling evidence came from the fact that Sparkman had obtained $ 600,000 in accidental-death insurance , which would not have paid in the event of a suicide , as late as May , she said . In addition , he told a "  credible witness " of his plans to commit suicide and stage the scene to make it look like he was slain because he worked for the federal government . The details were consistent with how Sparkman died and was found , Rudzinski said . The witness did not take action after Sparkman shared his plans out of a belief that he would not follow through , authorities said . "  It was learned that Mr. Sparkman had discussed recent federal investigations and the perceived negative attitudes toward federal entities by some residents of Clay County , " Kentucky state police said in a statement . Police believe that Sparkman 's primary motive in staging the scene was to ensure that the insurance would be paid , Rudzinski said . His motive for committing suicide or any secondary motives might never be known , she said , as Sparkman left no note . "  We do n't know what Mr. Sparkman was thinking or why he ultimately committed this act , " she said . Autopsy results showed no evidence of any cancer or terminal illness , officials said , although it was reported that Sparkman had previously had lymphoma . Police would not say who the beneficiary of the insurance was . Forensic analysis of the writing on Sparkman 's chest showed that he had written it himself , Rudzinski said . Analysts found ink dots , made by writers on completing a letter , at the top of the letters , rather than at the bottom -- as would be expected if someone had made the writing on Sparkman . Despite a search by authorities , the black felt pen used for the writing has not been found . Police do not believe that anyone assisted Sparkman , she said . Sparkman had told the witness , whom police declined to name , that he intended to dispose of some of his personal effects , including his laptop computer and other items . Police have not found those items , Rudzinski said . Toxicology tests showed that Sparkman was not drugged or under the influence of any substance , she said . The red rag removed from his mouth was similar to those found in his pocket and at the scene . DNA testing of the rags and the rope used in creating a ligature on Sparkman 's neck , as well as 7 feet of discarded rope discarded near his body , found only Sparkman 's DNA , she said . The police investigation is still open , and additional test results are expected in the next two to three weeks , authorities said . Authorities met with Sparkman 's son and told him of their findings before publicly releasing them . "  Our hearts go out to him , " Rudzinski said . "  He still lost his father at the end of the day . " She would not say whether his son accepted the findings , saying she did not want to speak for the family .	Census worker staged scene to ensure insurance policy would be paid , police say Police : William Sparkman told "  credible witness " of plans to stage suicide Sparkman , 51 , was found dead in September with rope around neck but body touching ground Sparkman had "  Fed " written on his chest ; police say he wrote it himself
