Washington  CNN  -- A 60-day countdown to the end of the ban on gays and lesbians serving openly in the U.S. military has begun , President Barack Obama announced Friday . Obama , with his top men at the Pentagon , formally "  certified " to Congress that the present "  do n't ask-don ' t tell " policy will end in mid-September without harming "  military readiness , military effectiveness , unit cohesion and recruiting and retention of the Armed Forces . " Pentagon officials briefing reporters admitted there is still work to be done . Although more than 1.9 million military personnel , out of a total of 2.2 million , have been trained in the new policy , there is still more training to be done . In addition , there are open questions about benefits for same-sex partners , such as health coverage and housing allowances . And the Pentagon admitted that although the policy is set to end September 20 , the lawyers still have to figure out exactly when on that day the controversial rules will change . This 60-day clock and the shared sign-off by Obama , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen were choreographed to allow the services to complete training and fine-tune rules over the next two months . This comes as one of the first major actions by Panetta , who has been on the job for three weeks . He was ceremonially sworn in Friday morning by Vice President Joe Biden in the underground Pentagon Auditorium just hours before certifying that the repeal could go forward . He did not appear at the briefing . "  Today , as a result of strong leadership and proactive education throughout the force , we can take the next step in this process , " Panetta said in a statement . The 9th Circuit 's Court of Appeals issued a ruling Friday extending its stay -- first issued in November 1 , 2010 -- to keep the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy in effect , even as it acknowledged "  the government 's likelihood of success on the merits . " More significantly , though , the court added it would prohibit "  the government from investigating , penalizing or discharging anyone from the military pursuant to " the policy . That means the government can not target gays and lesbians who are serving in the military , even over the next 60 days . Pentagon officials at the Friday briefing said there would be no separate quarters or bathrooms based on sexual orientation under the new policy . It has been a long and hotly disputed process since a lame-duck Congress passed legislation repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and Obama signed it into law just before Christmas . As the military spent seven months deliberately moving toward repeal , a parallel battle in the federal courts further muddied the issue with a series of whiplash rulings that ended and then reimposed the policy . And while the military has saluted smartly and gone about changing the rules and telling the troops they better listen or else , the critics keep coming . Pentagon officials said the service chiefs and the combatant commanders had unanimously agreed that their branches were ready for repeal . But some members of Congress want to know if the top military brass opposed the actual policy change and warned of adverse consequences . "  The president 's certification culminates a flawed repeal assessment and adoption process and as such the House Armed Services Committee will continue to conduct vigorous oversight , " the committee chairman , Howard "  Buck " McKeon , R-California , said Friday . "  I am calling on the administration to immediately release to Congress each of the assessments performed by the services on the impact of repeal on their forces and all the regulations and policy documents that demonstrate the questions about implementation have been resolved , " said in a statement e-mailed by his office . Across the Capitol and across the aisle , Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin , D-Michigan , applauded the action Friday as the end of a discriminatory policy . "  It is a fact that gay and lesbian service members have fought and died for our country and are serving in our military now , " Levin said in a statement . "  But the ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' policy requires them to conceal their sexual orientation so that they can continue their service to our nation . " Department of Defense General Counsel Jeh Johnson said he is aware that some members of Congress want to know what the top brass thought of the repeal . "  That request has been made . It has been made by people on the  Capitol  Hill as well and it is under consideration , " Johnson said . Mike Almy , who was kicked out of the Air Force five years ago under the "  do n't ask " policy , called it a historic day , a step toward equality for gay and lesbians Americans serving in their country 's uniform . Almy told CNN he ca n't wait to reapply to the military . "  This is long overdue , " he said . "  This law has weakened national security and harmed our defense and thrown out 14,000 people . " But Elaine Donnelly , who heads a group called Center for Military Readiness , sharply criticized the administration for what she called a political payoff to left-wing activists in the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community . "  On the day that President Obama signs a paper ` certifying ' that no harm will come to the military when repeal is implemented , he will own the San Francisco military that he has created , " Donnelly said in a release . "  Mr. Panetta is beginning his term as defense secretary by letting down military men , women , and families who were led to believe that their views would be heard and respected . Instead , trusting personnel who participated in the 2010 surveys and focus groups in good faith were misused as props to create the impression that military people ` do n't care ' about this issue , " Donnelly said . Marine Corps Maj. Gen. Steven Hummer said Friday that the Army , National Guard and Reserves will complete their training for the new policy by August 15 . It has been widely understood that the Navy , Marines and Air Force -- all smaller than the Army -- completed their training as early as the end of June . Over the next two months the Defense Department will continue to study and fine-tune preparations for the change , as well as review existing benefits and how they can be altered . The military is toeing an optimistic line that changes can be accomplished without major disruption or embarrassing incidents . "  This undertaking is a fine example of how the services can come together to get a mission accomplished , deliberately , effectively and efficiently , " Hummer said . "  I know the good work will continue . "	NEW : A U.S. Appeals Court bars "  penalizing or discharging anyone " for violating the policy Obama , Panetta and Mullen certify that the military is ready to repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell " Repeal of the policy will allow the military to accept openly gay and lesbian service members A 60-day waiting period now begins before the repeal can be fully implemented
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Two California residents are suing Anheuser-Busch , alleging the company waters down Budweiser and other beers "  significantly " to boost profits , their attorneys announced Tuesday . The class-action lawsuit alleges that the maker of the "  King of Beers " has the technology to precisely control the amount of alcohol in its beers but adds water so the alcohol is well below the advertised figure of 5 % by volume , the suit said . "  There are no impediments -- economic , practical or legal -- to AB accurately labeling its products to reflect their true alcohol content , " the 18-page lawsuit said . "  Nevertheless , AB uniformly misrepresents and overstates that content . " The beer maker rejected the lawsuit 's allegations . "  The claims against Anheuser-Busch are completely false , and these lawsuits are groundless , " said Peter Kraemer , vice president of brewing and supply for Anheuser-Busch . "  Our beers are in full compliance with all alcohol labeling laws . "  We proudly adhere to the highest standards in brewing our beers , which have made them the best-selling in the U.S. and the world , " he said . The lawsuit alleges the other watered-down beers are Bud Ice , Bud Lite Platinum , Michelob , Michelob Ultra , Hurricane High Gravity Lager , King Cobra , Busch Ice , Natural Ice and Bud Light Lime . But the suit does n't provide figures for the allegedly watered-down alcohol content . Nina Giampaoli and John Elbert , who reside in Sonoma County , California , are the plaintiffs who say they stopped buying Budweiser after learning of the alleged mislabeling , the suit said . Their suit , filed last week in federal court in San Francisco , alleges violations of California 's consumer protection laws and Missouri 's Merchandising Practices Act . "  I think it 's wrong for huge corporations to lie to their loyal customers -- I really feel cheated , " Giampaoli said in a statement . "  No matter what the product is , people should be able to rely on the information companies put on their labels . " The company 's parent , Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV , is the world 's largest producer of alcoholic beverages and made more than 10 billion gallons of malt libations in 2011 , generating gross profits of more than $ 22 billion , the lawsuit said . The parent company 's 13 U.S. breweries alone produced more than 3 billion gallons of alcoholic beverages in 2011 , and Anheuser Busch has a 47.7 % market share of the U.S. sale of beer , the suit said . "  Because water is cheaper than alcohol , AB adds extra water to its finished products to produce malt beverages that consistently have lower alcohol content than the percentage displayed on its labels , " the suit said . "  By doing so , AB is able to produce a significantly higher number of units of beer from the same starting batch of ingredients . "  AB never intends for the malt beverage to possess the amount of alcohol that is stated on the label . As a result , AB 's customers are overcharged for watered-down beer and AB is unjustly enriched by the additional volume it can sell , " the suit said . The lawsuit , which says the matter in controversy exceeds $ 5 million , seeks unspecified amounts for compensatory and exemplary damages and asks the court to require the beer makers "  to fund a corrective advertising campaign , " the suit said . In the aftermath of the lawsuit 's announcement , National Public Radio and CNN affiliate KSDK conducted independent lab tests this week on samples of some Anheuser-Busch InBev beers and found their alcohol content matched the amount stated on the label . Anheuser Busch gets more time to rework Grupo Modelo deal	NEW : Two media outlets ' lab tests find alcohol content of beer samples is as advertised Two California residents accuse Anheuser-Busch of watering down beer Beer maker says claims are "  completely false " and "  groundless " Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV is world 's largest producer of malt beverages , suit says
CNN  -- Each year , Dr. Paul Dell and his wife , Ruthie , host Hand Camp , a refuge for children and teens with upper-limb abnormalities . Campers get to try arts and crafts , archery , and rope climbing in an environment away from teasing . The Dells , along with their staff of therapists and volunteers , work with the kids and their parents , offering advice and answering medical questions . More than 300 participated in this year 's Hand Camp in Starke , Florida .	Many of the campers are patients of the camp 's co-founder , Dr. Paul Dell Parent sessions are held to give advice to families , especially about teasing The camp is free and will hopefully stay free , co-founder Ruthie Dell says
CNN  -- Forecasters are expecting warmer than normal temperatures and gusty winds Tuesday in a northern Colorado area already ravaged by a wildfire , not a good combination for the legion of firefighters trying to extinguish the blaze . The High Park Fire had consumed 59,500 acres of woodland by Tuesday , but it was about 50 % contained , authorities reported . Tuesday 's forecast by the National Weather Service is similar to Monday 's blazing heat and winds that whipped up the blaze . But firefighters say they can handle the weather conditions because winds are expected to be less "  tough " than what they experienced on Sunday . iReport : Photos capture smoke choking Colorado sky "  The expected winds were not as strong as they were . The amount of fire activity in the big timber on the western perimeter was not as extreme , " fire information officer Brett Haberstick said , according to CNN affiliate KCNC . "  We have a lot less smoke and a lot better working conditions for the crews . " More than 1,700 personnel were battling the blaze . Lighting ignited the fire that started on June 9 and has destroyed 189 homes . That number is expected to grow , and firefighters are also concerned that the blaze could shift toward dense stands of trees that have been killed by beetle infestations , according to InciWeb , a U.S. multiagency fire response website . The blaze has moved through forests and neighborhoods , forcing thousands of evacuations and leaving a trail of destruction . It has claimed the life of a 62-year-old woman found dead in her burned home last week . Elsewhere in Colorado , firefighters are battling a fire near Pagosa Springs that broke out last month . That blaze , also blamed on lightning , had grown to more than 13,000 acres by Monday night and was 30 % contained . And a new fire broke out Sunday and quickly spread to 200 acres near Pueblo , forcing some evacuations of residents . In New Mexico , the Whitewater Baldy Fire has scorched more than 296,000 acres , the agriculture secretary said . More than 3,200 fire personnel from across the United States are helping local departments battle the fire , which began on May 16 . The blaze was 82 % contained as of Monday . In North Carolina , a wildfire doubled overnight in the Croatan National Forest along the Atlantic coast , U.S. Forest Service officials said Tuesday . Donald Simon , a Forest Service spokesperson , said the blaze has consumed 21,248 acres since Saturday , including 6,000 acres that were intentionally set afire Monday night in a fire-control effort . The wildfire is 20 % contained and is n't threatening structures , officials said . A large portion of the fire is in the Sheep Ridge Wilderness area , officials said . "  Smoke is our bigger issue , " Simon said . "  This morning in New Bern  North Carolina  , it was like traveling through a thick fog . If you live by , there 's a lot of ash floating by . " As northern Colorado blaze grows , a look at the dangers of wildfires CNN 's Greg Morrison , Dave Alsup and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Colorado 's High Park Fire consumes 59,500 acres and is 50 % contained A North Carolina wildfire scorches 21,248 acres and is 20 % contained New Mexico 's historic wildfire is now 82 % contained after burning 296,000 acres
CNN  -- A nationwide manhunt is on for a man who fatally shot one police officer and critically wounded a second in a shootout in Tupelo , Mississippi . "  Do not confront this person , notify law enforcement , " urged FBI Special Agent Daniel McMullen , who added that the suspect should be considered armed and dangerous . The incident began two states away from Mississippi , in Georgia , two days before Christmas , when the man attempted -- but failed -- to rob an Atlanta bank , the FBI said . A few hours later and 300 miles west , in Tupelo , Mississippi , the same man robbed a bank . That led to a shootout with police , during which the man fatally shot Tupelo Police Officer Gale Stauffer and wounded another officer , the FBI said Friday . Representatives of dozens of police agencies attended the funeral for Stauffer on Friday , Tupelo Police Chief Bart Aguirre said Saturday in a telephone interview . More than 300 police vehicles participated in a procession in Stauffer 's honor . "  Almost the entire city of Tupelo lined the streets for the procession , " iReporter Lee Anne Grace said Saturday . "  I lost count after 205 police cars , 16 motorcycles . " Grace , a music teacher at an elementary school , said she realized she knew Stauffer only after seeing his picture in a news story . "  Whenever our crossing guard is out , the Tupelo police sent someone to help out , " she said . "  He was usually the one . " The eight-year veteran leaves a widow and children , ages 2 and 6 . "  To my knowledge , we have n't ever had a fatality , " Aguirre said about his force , which includes 109 officers and two dozen civilian personnel . The wounded officer , Joseph Maher , 27 , has been released from the intensive care unit at North Mississippi Medical Center in Tupelo and moved into a private room , Aguirre said . "  He was able to get up and do some walking yesterday , with assistance . " The FBI , local banks and businesses are offering a combined reward of $ 200,000 for information leading to the identification and arrest of the man responsible . The FBI says the suspect is between 5 feet , 8 inches and 6 feet tall , with a slender build . He was wearing a ski mask , a patterned jacket , khaki pants , black gloves and tennis shoes . Authorities say he may have fled in a gray sedan , possibly a late-model Chrysler 200 . Anyone with information is asked to call 1-800-CALL-FBI . CNN 's Jareen Imam and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	"  Do not confront this person , notify law enforcement , " FBI says The wounded officer is recovering , police chief says The FBI says the man shot two Tupelo police officers , killing one of them The FBI believes the man tried to rob an Atlanta bank before robbing an ATM customer
CNN  -- For CNN , Tiananmen Square was a watershed story -- a seminal moment in the network 's history . Beijing bureau chief Mike Chinoy , producer Nancy Lane and Moscow bureau chief Steve Hurst Only nine years old in 1989 , CNN was the only 24-hour news station on the air at the time . But staffers say the network suffered an inferiority complex when comparing itself to the major players in American television , who had dismissed the new upstart for years as "  Chicken Noodle News . " Enter Tiananmen Square . Change the face of television news . Take your place in the big leagues . "  It put CNN on the map , " said Mike Chinoy , CNN 's Beijing bureau chief during the crisis . "  It was the first time an upheaval in a previously isolated , distant , inaccessible location suddenly was available on television sets in living rooms and foreign ministries around the world . It was a pivotal moment for television . " And it was an accident too . Foreign reporters had flooded Beijing to cover the historic visit of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev . Suddenly , they found themselves covering a very different story . For CNN , it all started in early April when Alec Miran , CNN 's special events producer for the Gorbachev visit , went to Beijing to propose an "  outlandish idea " to the Chinese authorities -- bringing in the network 's own transmission equipment to beam live television pictures from China . "  It was unprecedented , " said Miran . Before that , networks would feed their material from CCTV  Chinese Central Television  , who would monitor -- and censor -- everything that was sent out . "  Our own transmission was a scary idea to them , " said Miran . But he says he thinks the Chinese eventually agreed -- after much back and forth -- because , above all , they wanted international coverage of Gorbachev 's visit . The Chinese gave CNN permission to bring in their own "  flyaway " satellite dish and additional microwave gear to be able to transmit live -- a permission unheard of at the time in closed , Communist China . CNN was granted exactly one week 's permission , timed to coincide with the Soviet leader 's visit . See photos of the CNN team in Tiananmen Square in 1989 " CBS was also granted permission to transmit live , but because CNN was on the air 24 hours a day , the permission it was granted turned out to be much more significant . "  On the first day of the Gorbachev visit , we not only had our own satellite transmission , we also had a live camera overlooking the square , " said Miran . "  We were really well set up . " But the situation was deteriorating rapidly for the Chinese leadership . Huge groups of students demanding reform had occupied Tiananmen Square and had launched a hunger strike just days before the Soviet leader 's visit was about to begin . CNN 's live camera , at the Gate of Heavenly Peace overlooking the square , showed the hundreds of thousands of demonstrators who had gathered in Tiananmen Square where Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping was due to greet Gorbachev at the Great Hall of the People . "  On the day of the big meeting , we waited , and waited , and waited , watching the signal from CCTV , " said Miran . "  No picture . We called our contact at CCTV to see if there were technical problems . Nope . " "  They could n't take Gorbachev in the front door of the Great Hall of the People because there were more than a million people in the square asking for reform , " said Cynde Strand , CNN 's cameraperson in Beijing at the time . "  The students upstaged Deng in one of his biggest moments , his big rapprochement with the Soviet Union . " And the massive crowd -- as well as the non-appearance of Deng welcoming Gorbachev at the Great Hall of the People -- was all captured live on CNN . Soon afterwards , the Chinese informed CNN they could no longer maintain their live position overlooking the square , a position that had become vital for the network 's coverage . Entire shows anchored by Bernard Shaw had been taped there . Miran and Chinoy huddled and decided that although the Chinese had forbidden further transmission from the Gate of Heavenly Peace , the network still had permission to use its portable microwave transmitter . So for the next few days -- always looking nervously over their shoulder -- CNN continued live transmissions using their microwave transmitter , both from their bureau at the Sheraton hotel -- but also from the middle of Tiananmen Square . "  Everywhere you looked , there was a great picture , " said Miran . "  Soldiers would be on the steps of the Great Hall of the People and students would go up to them , offering flowers or to read to them . There were long staring contests between the armed soldiers and the students . It was riveting television . " On the night of May 19 , after the network had gotten word that troops were moving towards Beijing , Shaw and Moscow correspondent Steve Hurst broadcast from Tiananmen Square for several hours -- in the dark . The students in the square were edgy and had asked them to turn off their lights . "  I do n't remember what we were able to show people that night , " Miran said , "  little flickers of light . " The next morning , Chinese authorities arrived at CNN 's bureau and ordered the network to cease transmitting -- before its week-long permission had expired . Watch a Chinese official order CNN staff in Beijing to stop broadcasting " Again , the entire exchange between CNN and the Chinese officials was captured on live television . Watch the moment when CNN stopped transmitting " "  You get almost numb to it now , " said Vito Maggiolo , CNN assignment editor on duty in Beijing at the time . "  But that live capability -- people watching events as they happen -- was truly special at that time . " "  It was our first big live moment , " said camerawoman Strand , now director of coverage for international news in Atlanta . "  And it became our signature , what we did very well . " At one point in the live stand-off , while CNN tried to buy time before pulling the plug on itself , Marin gave out his telephone number for the Chinese authorities to call him -- an attempt to squeak out just a few more minutes of air time . The phone rang . It was a woman from Minnesota , a viewer who had been watching the events unfold in China from the comfort -- and safety -- of her living room . "  You 're doing a great job ' she said to me , " Miran recalled . "  Everybody 's watching . And we 're rooting for you . " "  It was all just momentous , " Miran said . "  I felt like we had actually made a difference . And if people had n't heard of CNN before , they had certainly heard of it then . " Daniela Deane was a chief sub-editor at the Reuters news agency in Hong Kong during the Tiananmen crisis	The story "  put CNN on the map , " said former Beijing bureau chief Mike Chinoy Reporters had flooded Beijing to cover the visit of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev For the first time , a TV network beamed its own live pictures from China As protests grew , Chinese authorities ordered CNN to stop transmitting
Sandy Hook Elementary School probably did everything right . Its staff worked every day to create a climate of kindness over bullying . They had lockdown drills that trained everyone to stay low and quiet in the event of an emergency . A security system introduced this year required visitors to ring a bell , sign-in and perhaps produce a photo ID . After 9:30 a.m. , the doors were locked . And now it 's the home of the one of the worst school shootings in U.S. history . Twenty children dead and eight adults , including the shooter . Those who know the world of school security are already predicting what comes next : A strong reaction -- maybe an overreaction -- by parents , schools and legislators who want to take action . Politicians will be elected on platforms of school safety . Vendors will turn up with technology and security plans to sell . Schools will rewrite their crisis plans and run extra drills . It happened after the shooting at Columbine High School in Littleton , Colorado , in 1999 , and again after the 2007 massacre at Virginia Tech . And within a few months or years , it 'll be back to cutting security budgets and fighting for time to train staff and teachers on safety protocol . Psychologist did n't come back alive "  The vast majority have a crisis plan on paper . It 's much more common that we find those plans are collecting dust on the shelf and they 're not a part of the culture or the practice , " said Kenneth Trump , a school security consultant . "  I do n't believe we need to throw out the book of best practices on school safety . I think we do need to focus our resources , times and conversation back on the fundamentals . " Every school should have crisis teams that review their plans regularly , he said , and staff members who greet and challenge every person who comes to the door . They should have locked doors , safety drills and parents who know where to find their kids , just in case the unthinkable happens . Schools need counselors , psychologists and officers building relationships with kids , because they are the best line of defense , Trump said . Is there no safe place ? "  As they 've cut back on the human element , they 've tried to compensate by leaning on and pointing to physical security measures , " Trump said . "  They love to say ` We have cameras . ' " The details about Sandy Hook are n't clear yet . Did the suspect , Adam Lanza , enter before the doors locked ? Did he say anything to anybody beforehand , leave any trace of his plan ? Could a locked door or a kind word possibly have stopped him ? "  The saddest thing about these incidents is they 're over so fast , a law enforcement response almost never accomplishes anything , " said Katherine Newman , co-author of "  Rampage : The Social Roots of School Shootings . " Shootings happen in places "  exactly like this , " Newman said -- rural areas or exurbs where violence never seems to be a problem . But the typical perpetrator belongs to the school community , someone staff would easily let in . You ca n't fault Sandy Hook 's administrators and teachers , said Newman , dean of Johns Hopkins University 's school of arts and sciences . They stayed in lockdown and stuck to plans that might have saved kids ' lived . Stories are emerging about teachers who pulled kids to safety and demanded proof that police were really who they said they were . It probably would n't have changed anything in Newtown , Newman said , but every school would be wise to re-evaluate its security measures . Newman advocates for more school resource officers , unarmed law enforcement representatives , who kids are taught to trust . There are n't many at elementary schools , she said , and their positions are often among the first cut from middle and high schools in tough economic times . "  Kids have to know that they can come forward and what they 'll talk about is confidential , but also taken seriously , " Newman said . "  They are the ones privy to leakage of intentions and rumors . Trapping that information and getting it to the right place is a very important defensive measure . " The kids in elementary school today were n't even born when the Columbine shooting took place , she said . How could they know such a thing is possible , that there 's history behind those lockdown drills and buzzer systems ? After the Columbine shooting , districts renovating and building schools studied what they could do to make them safer , architect Irene Nigaglioni said , and the changes are clear on some campuses . They began to build single , prominent entryways , and reduced landscaping that provided a place to hide , Nigaglioni said . They shifted restrooms away from entryways and moved major mechanical and electrical systems so they could n't be shut down or vandalized from the outside . They put simpler keyless entry systems on doors to make it less tempting to prop them open . They planned elaborate announcement systems that let police address a shooter without speaking to every classroom . "  Year by year , they 're trying to do what they can with the money they have , " said Nigaglioni , chairwoman of the board for the Council of Educational Facility Planners International . "  Anything that is going to make it harder to get through a building . " But in recent years , schools also came to value natural light and open spaces that allow classes to collaborate . Walls once made of brick are now made of glass . They fold up and disappear , if they 're there at all . It 's better for learning but tougher for security , Nigaglioni said . "  It 's becoming a challenge , " the Dallas-based architect said . "  We 're breaking down the school into more small learning communities , the school within a school . You might not have a wall , so securing your hallway or pod is how you do it . " If there 's a shooting , an explosion , an illness , it can sometimes be limited to one room or one hallway . At Sandy Hook , students were killed in two classrooms . But plenty of schools do n't have even those options . John Kuhn is superintendent of the Perrin-Whitt Consolidated Independent School District , a rural district northwest of Fort Worth with just a few hundred students . He spent Friday afternoon celebrating Christmas with his elementary school students , pretending not to know the news . "  Oh my gosh , " he thought . "  I have to take care of these kids . " His schools will review their crisis plans and drills this week , he said . But there 's no school law enforcement , and because it 's a rural area , any police response could take a while . His middle and high school students circulate between five buildings during the school day , so they ca n't lock doors . Security systems cost money , he said , and when he 's cutting teachers , how could he hire a police officer ? "  Days like  Friday  make you think , is that the right decision ? How can we make our systems airtight ? " he said . "  You know ultimately , you ca n't . " After Columbine , after Virginia Tech , after Sandy Hook , security experts said that will be the hard reality for every school , politician and parent to accept . "  There is not a single safety measure that anyone could have put in place at that school that would have stopped what happened , " said Bill Bond , the school safety specialist for the National Association of Secondary School Principals . "  When you allow absolutely insane people to arm themselves like they 're going to war , they go to war . " He calls metal detectors useless . Buzzer systems are just locked doors . Lockdown plans are important to keep people safe , but they do n't keep evil out . "  In a school , your only real protection is kids trusting you with information , " Bond said . "  If they do n't trust you with information and someone is planning to do something , it 's a matter of how many will be killed before you kill him . " When it comes to shootings , Bond calls himself a cynic . Over the course of 12 seconds in 1997 , one of his students shot and killed three classmates , wounded five more , then put the gun in Bond 's hand . Bond was principal at Heath High School in West Paducah , Kentucky , then . The shooter was 14 . Michael Carneal was later sentenced to life in prison . Bond stayed on at Heath long enough to see survivors graduate . The school 's culture changed overnight , he said , to one of support and trust . After three funerals , the bullies changed . He retired and built another career talking to high schoolers about security . He tells them to pay attention to what they hear and tell people who can help . That , he promises , works . He 's not in Newtown yet , he said , because , well , what could he say to 6 year olds ? What could he say to their parents to make this better ? Nothing , he says . Not a thing . People are sharing their concern and sadness over the Newtown school shooting . What are your thoughts ? Share them with CNN iReport .	The school in Sandy Hook did a lot right , but the shooting happened despite their efforts Children have to feel safe coming forward with information they may have Such violent incidents occur so quickly that a lot of damage is done before police can respond Since the Columbine shooting , many new schools are designed to make attacks more difficult
CNN  -- She had many plans for the future : to go to college , start a career , meet the man of her dreams , raise a family -- when the time was right . Expert : "  There 's a big disconnect between pregnancy rates and what Latina families want and value . " It was all cut off by an unexpected pregnancy . The baby became her life , consuming her energy and forcing her dreams to the back burner of her life . She is 19 or younger and Latina , and has had her first baby . It 's not what she wanted . Nor did her parents , who are the greatest influence on her decisions about sex , according to a wide-ranging survey released Tuesday by experts on the Hispanic community in the United States . The survey also found that 84 percent of Latino teens and 91 percent of Latino parents believe that graduating from college or university or having a promising career is the most important goal for a teen 's future . Somewhere along the way , the aspirations fail to match up to reality . The survey attempts to examine some of the reasons for the disparity and why Latinas now have the highest teen birth rate among all ethnic and racial groups in the United States . "  There 's a big disconnect between pregnancy rates and what Latina families want and value , " said Ruthie Flores , senior manager of the National Campaign 's Latino Initiative . According to the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy , 53 percent of Latinas get pregnant in their teens , about twice the national average . After a period of decline , the birth rate for U.S. teenagers 15 to 19 years rose in 2007 by about 1 percent , to 42.5 births per 1,000 , according to preliminary data in a March 2009 report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's National Center for Health Statistics . In 2007 , the birth rate among non-Hispanic whites ages 15 to 19 was 27.2 per 1,000 , and 64.3 per 1,000 for non-Hispanic black teens in the same age range . The teen birth rate among Hispanic teens ages 15 to 19 was 81.7 per 1,000 . Of the 759 Latino teens surveyed , 49 percent said their parents most influenced their decisions about sex , compared with 14 percent who cited friends . Three percent cited religious leaders , 2 percent teachers and 2 percent the media . Watch more on the survey results " Three-quarters of Latino teens said their parents have talked to them about sex and relationships , but only half said their parents discussed contraception . The survey also found that : • 74 percent of Latino teens believe that parents send one message about sex to their sons and a different message altogether to their daughters , possibly related to the Latino value of machismo . • Latino teens believe that the most common reason teens do not use contraception is that they are afraid their parents might find out . • 72 percent of sexually experienced teens say they wish they had waited . • 34 percent of Latino teens believe that being a teen parent would prevent them from reaching their goals , but 47 percent say being a teen parent would simply delay them from reaching their goals . • 76 percent said it is important to be married before starting a family . Flores said it is crucial to understand the beliefs and attitudes that influence teen behavior in order to reduce the high rates of Hispanic teen pregnancy . The survey , co-sponsored by the Hispanic advocacy group National Council of La Raza , was an attempt to to do just that . She said that despite a rich culture and the growing influence of Hispanics in America , the Latino community disproportionately suffers from troubling social indicators . Consider that fewer than six in 10 Latino adults in the United States have a high school diploma . Latino teens are more likely to drop out than their non-Hispanic counterparts , and of all the children living in poverty , 30 percent are Latino . "  Teen pregnancy is not an isolated issue , " Flores said . "  It 's related to poverty , to dropout rates . That 's going to have an impact on our national as a whole . " Flores said 69 percent of Latino teen moms drop out of high school , and the children of teen mothers are less likely to do well in school themselves and often repeat grades . "  That has a big economic impact , " Flores said . It 's an impact that is sure to be noticed . The nation 's 45 million Latinos constitute the largest minority group in the United States with a growth rate twice that of the general population . That means by 2025 , one-quarter of all American teens will be Latinos .	53 percent of Latinas are pregnant by their 20th birthday , survey finds Survey : Most feel that college , career are key to their future Most teens in study believe that parents give conflicting messages
CNN  -- A soldier suspected of fatally shooting 12 and wounding 31 at Fort Hood in Texas on Thursday is not dead as previously reported by the military , the base 's commander said Thursday evening . A civilian officer who was wounded in the incident shot the suspect , who is "  in custody and in stable condition , " Army Lt. Gen. Robert Cone told reporters . "  Preliminary reports indicate there was a single shooter that was shot multiple times at the scene , " Cone said at a news conference . "  However , he was not killed as previously reported . " The suspect , identified as Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood around 1:30 p.m. , Cone said . Three others initially taken into custody for interviews have been released , Cone said . Hasan , 39 , is a graduate of Virginia Tech and a psychiatrist licensed in Virginia who was practicing at Darnall Army Medical Center at Fort Hood , according to military and professional records . Previously , he worked at Walter Reed Army Medical Center . A federal official said Hasan is a U.S. citizen of Jordanian descent . Military documents show that Hasan was born in Virginia and was never deployed outside the United States . In a statement released Thursday , Hasan 's cousin , Nader Hasan , said his family is "  filled with grief for the families of today 's victims . " "  Our family loves America . We are proud of our country , and saddened by today 's tragedy , " the statement said . "  Because this situation is still unfolding , we have nothing else that we are able to share with you at this time . " Hasan was scheduled to be deployed to Iraq "  and appeared to be upset about that , " Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , said . "  I think that there is a lot of investigation going on now into his background and what he was doing that was not known before , " Hutchison said . Hutchison said she was told that the soldiers at the readiness facility "  were filling out paper processing to go to Iraq or Afghanistan , " according to CNN affiliate KXAN in Austin , Texas . The readiness center is one of the last stops before soldiers deploy . It is also one of the first places a soldier goes upon returning to the United States . The base reopened Thursday night after being under lockdown for more than five hours . At a news conference earlier in the day , Cone said at least 10 of the dead were soldiers . The shooter had two weapons , both handguns , Cone said . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send pics , video A witness in a building adjacent to where the shooting happened said soldiers were cutting up their uniforms into homemade bandages as the wounded were brought into the building . "  It was total chaos , " the witness said . Cone said a graduation ceremony was being held in an auditorium just 50 meters from where the shooting took place . "  Thanks to the quick reaction of several soldiers , they were able to close off the doors to that auditorium where there were some 600 people inside , " he said . Peggy McCarty of Missouri told CNN affiliate KSHB that her daughter , Keara Bono , was among Thursday 's wounded . She said she briefly spoke to Bono , who told her she had been shot in her left shoulder but was doing well . "  She 's being deployed to Iraq on December 7 , " McCarty said . "  I thought I was more worried about her going over to Iraq than here , just doing training in Texas . She just got there yesterday . " A woman who lives on base , about eight blocks from the shooting , said she and her daughter were at home when her husband called and told them to stay inside . "  And I asked him why , what was going on . He said that there was a shooting , " said the woman , Nicole , who asked that her last name not be used . She said her husband called her back about 20 minutes later and told her to go upstairs , stay away from doors and windows and keep the doors locked . "  It 's just been crazy , " she said . "  Sirens everywhere . " A soldier who asked not to be identified told CNN that an e-mail went out to all base personnel instructing them not to speak to the media . President Obama called the shootings "  tragic " and "  a horrific outburst of violence . " He expressed his condolences for the shooting victims . "  These are men and women who have made the selfless and courageous decision to risk , and at times give , their lives to protect the rest of us on a daily basis , " Obama said . "  It 's difficult enough when we lose these brave Americans in battles overseas . It is horrifying that they should come under fire at an Army base on American soil . " Scott & White Memorial Hospital in Temple , Texas , posted an online appeal for blood as it began receving victims . "  Due to the recent events on Fort Hood , we are in URGENT need of ALL blood types , " it said . Fort Hood , with about 40,000 troops , is home to the Army 's 1st Cavalry Division and elements of the 4th Infantry Division , as well as the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment and the 13th Corps Support Command . It is located near Killeen , Texas . The headquarters unit and three brigades of the 1st Cavalry are currently deployed in Iraq . At least 25,000 people are at Fort Hood on any given day , an Army spokesman at the Pentagon said . Fort Hood is home to the Warrior Combat Stress Reset Program , which is designed to help soldiers overcome combat stress issues . In June , Fort Hood 's commander , Lt. Gen. Rick Lynch , told CNN that he was trying to ease the kind of stresses soldiers face . He has pushed for soldiers working a day schedule to return home for dinner by 6 p.m. , and required his personal authorization for anyone working weekends . At the time , two soldiers stationed there had committed suicide in 2009 -- a rate well below those of other posts . Nearby Killeen was the scene of one of the most deadly shootings in American history 18 years ago when George Hennard crashed his truck into a Luby 's Cafeteria and began shooting , killing 23 people and wounding 20 . Hennard 's spree lasted 14 minutes . He eventually took his own life .	Suspect in shootings wounded but alive , Army official says Army : Suspect is Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , a psychiatrist Senator : Hasan was "  upset " about scheduled deployment to Iraq Shooting happened in building that is one of last stops before soldiers deploy
CNN  -- Goals from Manucho and Flavio gave hosts Angola a welcome boost as they moved top of Africa Cup of Nations Group A with a 2-0 victory over Malawi on Thursday . In the opening match Angola threw away a 4-0 lead to eventually draw with Mali , but home fans were able to celebrate second-time round as they clinched a comfortable two-goal win in Luanda . Angola , who played under the gaze of president Eduardo Jose dos Santos , began the game brightly and almost took the lead in the opening minutes when Manucho volleyed Flavio 's cross only for Malawi keeper Swadick Sanudi to smother the ball . The team known as the "  Black Antelopes " continued to dominate the half and went close again in the 33rd minute when Djalma teed up Manucho but Sanudi was equal to his powerful shot . Angola 's attacking approach was maintained after the half-time interval and they broke the deadlock three minutes into the half through Flavio . The energetic Djalma broke down the left flank before he whipped a dangerous cross into the penalty area which was met by the head of Flavio who directed the ball past Sanudi . Former Manchester United striker Manucho doubled the advantage in the 54th minute when he held off a strong challenge from Malawi captain Peter Mponda and produced a neat close-range finish . Angola coach Manuel Jose was forced to withdraw Flavio through injury on the hour mark but it was the only sour note in what was morale-boosting win for the hosts . The tournament , which has continued despite the withdrawal of Togo after a deadly machine-gun attack , continued with Algeria clashing with Mali . Defender Rafik Halliche scored the only goal of the game as the Desert Foxes registered their first victory of the tournament with a 1-0 win over in Cidadela . Mali were unable to match the heroics of their first match as they went down to a disciplined Algeria side . The Eagles had the early pressure and Mustapha Yatabare 's second-minute free-kick caused problems in the Algerian defence but Mahamadou Diarra was unable to find a teammate with his pull-back after beating Algeria keeper Faouzi Chaouchi to the loose ball . However , Algeria -- known as the Desert Foxes -- dominated the remainder of the half and went close moments later when Karim Ziani 's swerving , dipping cross almost caught out Soumaila Diakite in the Mali goal as it struck the top of the crossbar . Rabah Saadane 's side continued to press and were rewarded with the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute when Bakary Soumare brought down Yacine Bezzaz in a dangerous position . Ziani delivered another dangerous ball into the penalty area and Halliche was able to evade the Mali defenders and head the ball past Diakite . Stephen Keshi 's side began the second half with renewed purpose and Mali 's Seydou Keita forced a fingertip save from Algeria Chaouchi from a narrow angle shortly after the half-time break . But it was a rare chance as Halliche and Madjid Bougherra marshalled the Algeria defence superbly , despite the introduction of Sevilla striker Freddie Kanoute for Mali , to hold on for the win .	Goals from Manucho and Flavio helped hosts Angola move top of Africa Cup of Nations Group A with a 2-0 victory over Malawi on Thursday . The victory gave a boost to the tournament which has been overshadowed by Togo 's withdrawal last week . Rafik Halliche scored the only goal of the game as Algeria registered their fist victory of the tournament with a 1-0 win over Mali .
A team of Mexican architects have designed a 65-story glass and steel pyramid to sit in the middle of Mexico City 's most historic plaza . But , if it ever gets built , you wo n't see it anywhere on the skyline . That 's because it would be the world 's first ever "  earthscraper " -- a 300-meter deep office and living space with ambitions to turn the modern high-rise , quite literally , on its head . "  There is very little room for any more buildings in Mexico City , and the law says we can not go above eight stories , so the only way is down " explains Esteban Suarez , co-founder of BNKR Arquitectura , the firm behind the proposals . "  This would be a practical way of conserving the built environment while creating much-needed new space for commerce and living , " he added . But would it really be that practical ? The design , which would cost an estimated $ 800 million to build , is the shape of an inverted pyramid with a central void to allow for some much-needed natural light and ventilation . Suarez says the first 10 stories would hold a museum dedicated to the city 's history and its artifacts . "  We 'd almost certainly find plenty of interesting relics during the dig -- dating right back to the Aztecs who built their own pyramids here , " he says . The following 10 floors are assigned to retail and housing , with the remaining 35 intended for commercial office space , says Suarez . Suarez concedes that getting natural light and fresh air down to the lower floors will be a problem and he is investigating a "  system of fiber optics " that could deliver sunlight from the surface . The design also includes a series of a series of "  earth lobbies " that would store plants and trees with the intention of improving air-quality and , no doubt , the gloomy subterranean landscape . Suarez says renewable energy could be generated by a turbine powered from collected groundwater . Enough to keep the lights on in an underground office block 24 hours a day ? "  I could n't say at this stage " replies Suarez . But although it has the hallmarks of a fossil-fuel guzzling Goliath -- and a name to match -- Suarez says the "  Earthscraper " has great eco-credentials . "  In many ways , this project is all about the environment -- not just in how we preserve our historic skyline , but how we prevent the serious problem of urban sprawl into the countryside , " he says . According to the 32-year-old architect , Mexico City 's main square -- commonly known as the "  Zocalo " -- is one of the biggest city plazas in the world . "  It 's a massive empty plot , which makes it the ideal site for our program , " he said . To conserve the numerous activities that take place on the 190,000 square-foot plaza throughout the year -- including concerts , protests , open-air exhibitions and military parades -- the void will be covered with a glass floor that Suarez believes will allow the life of the "  Earthscraper " to blend with everything happening on top . At present , Suarez and his team are in the process of presenting their idea to the local authorities . So , if you were in their shoes , what would you say ? Is the "  Earthscraper " a genuinely feasible innovation or a pretty but impractical pipe dream ? Tell us you thoughts in the comments section below .	Mexican architects believe they have solution to capital 's overcrowding If built ` Earthscraper ' concept would plunge 300 meters into the earth Designed as an inverted pyramid with a central void for light and ventilation Pipe-dream or genuine innovation ? You tell us .
CNN  -- As rescuers take on the daunting task of finding survivors , family members of the missing passengers are pinning slim hopes on floundering air pockets in the capsized South Korean ferry . They know the odds are n't in their favor , particularly after the entire ferry went underwater Friday . But they point to one especially miraculous tale of survival for their reason for not giving up . In May 2013 , a tug boat carrying a 12-person crew capsized off the coast of Nigeria . Two divers sent to recover the bodies assumed everyone aboard had died . After all , the boat was about 100 feet down under the Atlantic Ocean . Three days had passed . And when a diver reached for a hand he thought belonged to a corpse , he discovered it was Harrison Okene , the boat 's cook . Okene had survived 60 hours in a 4-foot space -- a tiny air bubble -- where he 'd taken shelter . "  The rest of my life is not enough to thank God for this wonder , it is incredible , " he told a local newspaper at the time . Some have also pointed to the Italian cruise ship Costa Concordia , which ran aground and capsized in January 2012 , killing dozens . Some survivors were pulled out after being trapped inside the ship for more than 30 hours . Anguish over sinking amplified by misinformation Comparing the incidents Do those parallels apply to South Korean ferry , Sewol ? In the case of the Costa Concordia , the cruise ship was not fully submerged . Sewol is . As for air pockets , also known as "  voids , " they could provide those on board with a chance of survival , said maritime expert Kim Petersen said . "  It 's difficult to say since we do n't know the cause of the vessel sinking , " he said . "  If it had been because of a problem with one of the vehicle doors , of course that could cause massive flooding very quickly and reduce the likelihood of voids . "  But the fact is that this is a vessel that is almost 500 feet in length and it 's sitting in waters that we believe to be between 70 and 110 feet deep , so there is the strong possibility that there are voids and the possibility of survivors . " Potential air pockets offer hope Many caveats Trapped passengers , if there are any , also have to think ahead . "  When they 're in a small compartment ... with an air bubble , they really have to stay calm and breathe shallow and conserve the oxygen in that space , " former Navy diver Bobbie Scholley told CNN . However , Petersen warned that the effort to reach those trapped in potential voids will not be easy . "  The problem now is getting divers down into those areas and bringing those people to the surface , " he said . Divers must contend with fierce winds and rough waters . "  There are heavy currents in the area . So the vessel itself is not stable in the water . So you are , by default , putting divers at risk , " U.S. Navy Capt. Heidi Agle told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . The U.S. Navy is assisting with the South Korean search . The frigid waters Then , there 's the temperature . The water is a frigid 50 F  10 C  . At that temperature , exhaustion sets in within one to two hours . And the expected survival time is no more than six hours , CNN meteorologist Samantha Mohr said . Still , rescue teams continued to pump air into the hull of the submerged ship Friday . Like the family members , they are n't ready to give up yet . CNN 's Euan McKirdy contributed to this report .	Passengers who get to an air pocket may still have a shot Nigerian Harrison Okene 's remarkable story of survival highlights that He survived 60 hours in a tiny air bubble , where he 'd taken shelter last year
CNN  -- The turkey has been stuffed and so have our arteries ; our now-corpulent bodies have crawled over corpses in a consumerism-driven fit of of lust and now , finally , we 're back to rot at our desks , wistfully gazing toward the glimmering mirage on the horizon known as "  Christmas . " As you look out on that coupon - and candy-trimmed future , we 're sure you 're reflecting on all that has gone by this year : All the milestones and memories . All the mistakes and monstrosities . Well , dear ones , so have we -- and , being tech writers , those reflections have naturally turned Web/mobile-ward . Sure , there have been tons of exciting innovations unleashed upon the masses this past year , but there 's also a passel of new ideas that we 're glad never caught on . In order to compile a list of said ideas , we tapped some the tech scene 's finest for their input . Check it : 1  "  As awesome as 4K  or ` Ultra HD , ' as the tech wants to be called now  will be  So . Many . Pixels .  , I ca n't help but shake the feeling that the same problems that snuck up on people with the spread of plain-ol ' HD are just going to get worse . Not even spray-on HD makeup will be strong enough to cover up all of the pores . There 's going to be a lot of angry reality TV show participants . " -- Seth Porges , Co-founder of Cloth 2  "  A Siri that actually works . As a human society , we 're not ready yet for an intelligent being that lives inside our phones . Sure , Siri can fetch you the weather and add appointments to your calendar , but it ca n't communicate with another Siri and find the best time for that conference call . There is n't real artificial intelligence that lives and breathes inside our phones yet . Siri , and Google Now and other apps can synthesize and retrieve data , but ultimately they can not decide for us . Yet . " -- Ben Huh , CEO of the Cheezburger Network 3  "  AirBnB for drones . " -- Ian Hogarth , CEO & Co-founder of Songkick 4  "  I am glad that the automatic , pervasive check-in has n't yet become a reality . You can see the beginnings of it with Path 's auto-stamp of where you are when you open the app  unless you disable it , which most seem to do  , but it is n't part of mainstream social media platforms like Facebook and foursquare . Yet . " -- Leslie Bradshaw , President , Chief Operating Officer & Co-Founder of JESS3 5  "  HotOrNot-enabled vanity mirror . " -- Aaron Koblin , Data Arts Team , Creative Lab at Google 6  "  Twitter going AdWords and showing me ads based on what I 'm tweeting about . That could be interesting on some days , vile on others . " -- Caryn Rose , Director of Product Development at Billboard.com 7  "  Google 's Project Glass . Google originally promised that it would ship beta versions to developers at the end of 2012 , but as of Nov. 26 , those who pre-ordered are still waiting . Good thing , too . While Project Glass sounds super-cool on the surface , the idea is also kind of creepy . Not only do the glasses look weird on everyone who is n't a runway model , I ca n't help but find the overall idea distracting . Plus , can you imagine how difficult it 's going to be walking across a busy street , dealing with people not just engrossed in their cell phones , but literally looking ahead and focused on inanimate objects ? " -- Christina Warren , Senior Tech Analyst at Mashable 8  "  Software that can predict a hit song . " -- Tim Westergren , Co-founder of Pandora Radio 9  The ability to see who looked at your profile on Facebook . We can only imagine the carnage that would ensue if our collective stalking history were unleashed unto the world . Zuckerberg have mercy on our souls . -- Brenna & Andi	Thankfully , there have been a few new tech ideas that have yet to find an audience Tech writers : It 's a good thing that Google 's Project Glass is n't off the ground Web CEO : We 're not ready for a Siri that actually works
CNN  -- It 's hard to believe another year is coming to end . Where on earth did 2013 go ? While we try to answer that question , we 're thinking about the year that was -- and all the stories that inspired us , those that made us crazy and those we could n't stop talking to our friends about -- on and offline . We put our list together based on those stories that resonated the most on CNN.com and in social media -- the 20 stories that seemed to spark the biggest conversations among women this year .  Click on our gallery above to see them all ! No surprise that Miley Cyrus tops our list . If the former Disney star 's goal was to be one of the most talked about women of 2013 , she arguably succeeded . Her twerking at the MTV Video Music Awards  full disclosure -- I did n't know what twerking was until the VMAs !  followed by her nearly nude performance in a video for her single "  Wrecking Ball " got tongues wagging all over the country . Will Miley continue to shock in 2014 ? We 'll be watching ! PHOTOS : 2013 : The year in pictures Other women who generated some heated debate this year include Sheryl Sandberg , the Facebook chief operating officer whose book "  Lean In " became an immediate best-seller . But was Sandberg , a mom of two , accusing women of not being ambitious enough or not doing enough to put more cracks in the glass ceiling , many women asked this year ? Many women criticized Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer for banning working from home , and for donning a designer dress and stiletto heels in a sexy pose for Vogue magazine . I sided with others who asked : Why ca n't a woman be smart and beautiful and sexy ? The sexualization of girls was another big topic in 2013 illuminated not just by Cyrus but by media outlets counting the days until Kendall Jenner , one of the youngest members of the Kardashian clan , turned 18 . "  There is a countdown clock waiting for a girl to turn 18 so they can  ogle  her more inappropriately then they already do , " reader Jodi Ferich said on CNN 's Facebook page . "  I think it 's a valid question about the appropriateness of waiting for a young lady to age so you can objectify her as a sex object . " There were many inspiring moments this year for women , too , such as that Dove ad campaign , which went viral , showcasing our inability as women to see just how beautiful we are . One of our favorite ads ever , about a fictional place called ` Camp Gyno , ' took the Internet by storm . In the ad , a tween is the first girl to get her period at camp , what she calls her "  red badge of courage , " and proudly sets out to teach her pals about this milestone . We were inspired by celebrities too , such as Katy Perry whose "  Roar " video motivated a 16-year-old Toronto girl named Olivia Wise with an inoperable brain tumor to do her own version . Two months after Wise recorded her "  Roar " video , which brings me to tears every single time I watch it , she died . Perry took to Twitter , telling her 48 million followers  she bumped Justin Bieber from the top spot on Twitter this year  that Wise 's strength and spirit inspired her and so many others . And how could we not mention Batkid , the 5-year-old leukemia patient from San Francisco ? He won the hearts of people around the world when he joined Batman fighting crime in a made-up Gotham city as part of a wish granted by the Make-A-Wish Foundation . PHOTOS : The year in entertainment There were big debates among parents , too . The documentary "  Blackfish , " showcased on CNN , prompted families to discuss whether to take their kids to SeaWorld . The question of whether schools go too far in enforcing zero tolerance policies also came up after a 17-year-old who hugged a teacher and a 6-year-old who kissed a fellow first grader were suspended for sexual harassment . Some relatively unknown women were thrust into the national spotlight this year . Wendy Davis , a Texas state senator , became a hero to women abortion rights supporters when she staged a dramatic 11-hour filibuster . Huma Abedin , the wife of the former New York City mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner , also got women talking for her decision to stick with her husband after his second bout with sexting and reports that she blamed herself for his indiscretions . And there were definitely some lighter moments that we women loved to dish about , from Michelle Obama 's bangs  yes , they really generated a ton of conversation !  to the arrival of Prince George with Kate Middleton showing the world that contrary to what you see in Hollywood , women do actually have a post-baby belly right after giving birth . I always love these opportunities to look back and showcase the issues and stories that really struck a chord with us . We just must might be talking about them again next year . Until then , can we go back to that question from the top -- where did 2013 go ? Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Our list consists of stories that resonated strongly with readers on CNN.com and social media Miley Cyrus , Sheryl Sandberg , Marissa Mayer among women who sparked passionate debate Viral videos on beauty and a girl 's first period also got our attention this year Inspiring moments include teen 's version of Katy Perry 's "  Roar " video and BatKid
CNN  -- The lieutenant whose firefighters refused to leave their Washington fire station to help a 77-year-old man who had collapsed outside has filed for retirement , a city official said Friday . Lt. Kellene Davis -- who commanded the station at the center of the incident -- filed papers on Thursday to retire from the District of Columbia 's Fire and EMS Department , said Keith St. Clair , a spokesman for Washington 's deputy mayor for public safety . "  It typically takes 45-50 days for such paperwork to be processed through channels , " St. Clair explained . Davis did not respond immediately to an e-mail Thursday from CNN , and a call to a phone number listed for her was not answered . She took the step toward retirement five days after Marie Mills held her elderly father in the street and screamed for help . A passerby rushed across the street to bang on the door of a fire station , knowing that firefighters are trained to provide emergency medical help . But they would n't leave the station . The same thing happened when two more people tried to summon the firefighters for assistance , according to Mills . "  We looked across the street at the fire station . There was a firefighter that was actually standing against the fire apparatus , " she told CNN affiliate WJLA . "  Everybody started trying to wave him over . " But the firefighter said he had to be dispatched first . "  I even ran to the curb and said , ` Are you going to help me or let my dad die ? ' " said Mills . Later , after an ambulance finally arrived , Cecil Mills died at a hospital . He had suffered an apparent heart attack . Authorities subsequently opened an investigation into the incident , though none challenged Mills ' version of events . "  It 's an outrage , " Washington Mayor Vincent Gray said at a news conference , who DC news station WTTG reports has apologized to Marie Mills . "  I was absolutely furious . " According to the Mills family , those who asked for help at the fire station were told to call 911 . Calls to 911 were placed , but a mix-up with the address delayed an ambulance , said Washington Council member Tommy Wells . "  Two things happened , " he said . "  One was that no one came out of the fire house to help this gentleman . The other is the ambulance that was dispatched was dispatched to the wrong place . This was a number of fiascos . " McClair said Thursday that two employees of the D.C. Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department were suspended with pay in the wake of the incident . The firefighters ' union said the incident simply should never have happened . "  We need to find out why it did occur and make sure it never happens again , " said Ed Smith , president of the DC Fire Fighters Association , in a statement reported by WTTG . The city 's deputy mayor for public safety , Paul Quander , has said according to WTTG that authorities will look at the communications and whether "  protocols and procedures " were properly followed . There are no protocols that would prevent fire personnel from helping those in need , he told CNN Thursday . "  These are people who run into burning buildings . They work in the most hazardous conditions imaginable . "  They cross the streets , they cross highways to get to people . It is understood . It is common . This is why it is so troubling that we did not take the appropriate action in this case . It 's right across the street . " CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Lt. Kellene Davis files her retirement papers , a Washington city official says She was in charge of a D.C. fire station whose crew did n't help a dying man Saturday The man 's family says people were told to call 911 before the firefighters would help Washington 's mayor has said he is "  absolutely furious " about what happened
Three members of Russian female punk rock band Pussy Riot were sentenced to two years in prison Friday after they were found guilty of hooliganism for performing a song critical of President Vladimir Putin in a church . The five months they have spent in detention since their arrests in March count toward the sentence , Judge Marina Sirovaya said . The judge said the charges against the three young women -- Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , Maria Alyokhina and Yekaterina Samutsevich -- had been proved by witnesses and the facts . The Pussy Riot members were charged after screaming , "  Mother Mary , please drive Putin away , " in a protest act in February inside Christ Savior Cathedral , one of Moscow 's grandest houses of worship . Punk bands perform in support of jailed rockers Sirovaya rejected the women 's defense that they were acting from political motives , ruling that they had intended to insult the Russian Orthodox Church and undermine public order . However , the fact that two of them have young children was a mitigating factor in the sentencing , the judge said . The defendants were accused of offending the churchgoers present -- through their actions , obscene language and their clothing -- and showing a lack of respect for the rules of the Orthodox Church . They ignored requests to stop their brief unscheduled protest performance , the court heard . While their actions outraged many of Russia 's faithful , their high-profile trial prompted international concern about freedom of speech in Russia . Opinion : Why the Pussy Riot case matters The U.S. Embassy in Moscow said on its official Twitter feed that the sentence was "  disproportionate . " European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton condemned the court 's decision as "  deeply troubling . " "  Together with the reports of the band members ' mistreatment during their pre-trial detention and the reported irregularities of the trial , it puts a serious question mark over Russia 's respect for international obligations of fair , transparent , and independent legal process , " she said . Pussy Riot and Russia 's surreal ` justice ' "  It also runs counter to Russia 's international obligations as regards respect for freedom of expression . " Urging Russia to reverse the sentence , Ashton said the case "  adds to the recent upsurge in politically motivated intimidation and prosecution of opposition activists in the Russian Federation , a trend that is of growing concern to the European Union . " Rights group Amnesty International said that the court 's decision was "  a bitter blow for freedom of expression in the country " and that the women were now "  prisoners of conscience . " Amnesty believes that the women 's conduct "  was politically motivated , and that they were wrongfully prosecuted for what was a legitimate -- if potentially offensive -- protest action , " it said in a statement . Supporters vent anger on Twitter John Dalhuisen , director of Amnesty International 's Europe and Central Asia Program , urged Russian authorities to overturn the sentence and release the trio unconditionally . He also highlighted recent measures "  restricting the freedom of expression and association " introduced after a wave of popular protests that accompanied elections earlier this year . "  This trial is another example of the Kremlin 's attempts to discourage and delegitimize dissent . It is likely to backfire , " he said . Human Rights Watch also said the women should never have been prosecuted for a hate crime . "  The charges and verdict against the Pussy Riot band members distort both the facts and the law , " Hugh Williamson , the rights group 's Europe and Central Asia director , said in a statement . Band member 's husband condemns Pussy Riot 's prison sentences Earlier , a number of arrests were made outside the court , where protesters gathered as the verdict was read , RIA Novosti reported . The women are expected to appeal the court 's decision . The charge of hooliganism aimed at inciting religious hatred carried a potential sentence of up to seven years in prison . None of the three women is older than 30 . They have been in custody since their arrest shortly after the unexpected performance . They looked calm and occasionally smiled and exchanged remarks as they stood , sometimes in handcuffs , behind a glass wall in the court , listening to the lengthy ruling . Moscow district court heard that the three worked together to carry out their "  criminal act which violated public order " -- in an action that "  went against tradition and is a great insult to the church and people . " The three wore revealing , brightly colored clothing and covered their faces with balaclava-style masks in a style "  inappropriate " for a church before making use of a microphone and electric guitar , the court was told . Video footage of the "  punk prayer " protest song was placed online , although the judge said it was not clear who had posted it . Sirovaya said that the apologies by the defendants "  were not sincere " and described their conduct as "  an unprecedented act of hooliganism by women . " Celebrities back Pussy Riot Evidence from character witnesses for the three women was also read out . Alyokhina was described as being a writer of poetry , a vegan and a good mother , RIA Novosti said . Pop star Madonna last week performed Pussy Riot-style in a face mask and with the group 's name on her back during a packed Moscow gig . She 's one of a number of celebrities to back the women 's cause . "  Everyone has the right to free speech , everywhere in the world . Maria , Katya , Nadia , I pray for you , " Madonna said at Tuesday 's concert , according to RIA Novosti . "  They did something brave with their action . And I am praying for their freedom . " Rallies in support of Pussy Riot were also organized Friday outside Russian embassies around the world , including in London and Washington . Pussy Riot and Putin 's iron fist Putin criticized the women 's action this month but said they should not be judged "  too harshly , " RIA Novosti said . He added that he hoped the court makes "  the right decision . " Pussy Riot specializes in sudden , often illegal public performances , including one in Moscow 's Red Square . The "  punk prayer " was inspired by the women 's anger about the relationship between the Russian government and the Orthodox Church , according to the band 's manager , who is married to one of the women . The Orthodox leader Patriarch Kyril has been widely reported as saying Putin 's years in power have been a miracle from God . Putin won reelection to the presidency in March in a vote that international observers said did not meet international standards . The presidential election came just months after allegations of fraud in parliamentary elections prompted the largest anti-government demonstrations Russia had seen in two decades . Pussy Riot pushes free speech limits in Russia	EU foreign policy chief says case adds to "  upsurge in politically motivated intimidation " The three women were sentenced to two years ' imprisonment for hooliganism They sang a song critical of President Vladimir Putin in a protest at a Moscow cathedral Arrests were made outside court as the verdict was delivered , state media reported
CNN  -- A California man was arrested on terror charges early Monday morning near the Canadian border , according to the Department of Justice . In a press release issued Monday , the DOJ said 20-year-old Nicholas Teausant was arrested in Blaine , Washington , and was charged with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . According to the release , Teausant traveled to the Canadian border with the intent of continuing on to Syria to join the terrorist organization known as al Qaeda in Iraq . On Teausant 's Facebook page , he goes by a second , Arabic , name , Ased abdur-Raheem . According to the criminal complaint filed by the FBI , Teausant is a student at a community college in Stockton , California , and is a member of the U.S. Army National Guard , though he is in the process of being released by the Guard for not meeting the minimum qualifications . The arrest and charging of Teausant are the result of a joint investigation between the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Modesto , California , Police Department , along with the San Joaquin Sheriff 's Office and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection , according to the DOJ . According to the FBI 's affidavit , Teausant used Instagram and other social media sites to connect with Islamic extremists and to express his desire to conduct violent jihad and "  to be a part of America 's ` downfall ' " In one communication , Teausant detailed his ideas to bomb several public places in the United States , including the day care his infant daughter attends , calling it a "  Zionist reform church . " Teausant 's communications with extremists and undercover FBI agents continued online and in person for about six months , ending in his arrest on Monday . Teausant was expected to make his first court appearance Monday afternoon in Washington . If convicted , he faces a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . From CNN 's Chuck Johnston	20-year-old Nicholas Teausant was arrested near the Canadian border , the DOJ says He is accused of trying to get to Syria to join an international terrorist organization Teausant is expected to make his first court appearance Monday afternoon
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Citing security concerns , the U.S. State Department has revoked the visas it recently issued to three Gaza students who were awarded Fulbright scholarships to study in the United States . Sari Bashi , who advocates freedom of movement for Palestinians , says their access to education is restricted . It marks the second time in two months that the United States has gone back on its offer to the Palestinian students to take part in the American government-sponsored scholarship program . The three students who had their visas revoked were sent a letter from the American Consulate in Jerusalem , dated August 4 . "  The Department of State has revoked your nonimmigrant visa " because "  information has come to light that you may be inadmissible to the United States and ineligible to receive a visa under Section 212  A   3  of the Immigration and Nationality Act , which prohibits issuance of a visa to aliens for security and related grounds , " the letter said . The letter did not elaborate on what the security concerns were . A State Department official told CNN that the agency could not disclose any information about the reason for the visa revocation , but that the students would be allowed to reapply for a visa at some point in the future . The three students are among seven Gaza-based Fulbright scholars who made headlines when in May the State Department sent them e-mail notifications saying their scholarships could not be completed because the Israeli government would not issue them exit visas from Gaza . State Department spokesman Sean McCormack admitted that the U.S. authorities had not taken up the matter with Israel until after the matter became public . The scholarships were only reinstated after Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice expressed her unhappiness with the situation and the State Department spokesman admitted that a "  faulty decision-making process " led to the communication . According to Sari Bashi , the executive-director of Gisha , an Israeli non-governmental organization that advocates freedom of movement for Palestinians and has been working closely with the students , four of the seven Fulbright students were cleared for travel out of Gaza by Israel , but the remaining three were prevented from leaving Gaza by the Israeli government , citing security concerns . In an unusual move , the American Consulate in Jerusalem processed the remaining three students ' visa applications with mobile fingerprinting equipment at the Israel - Gaza border and granted the visas three weeks later at the end of July . Bashi said on Tuesday that one of the three students , Fidaa Abed , had already left Gaza for the United States and upon arrival at the airport in Washington was informed that his visa had been revoked and was sent back to Amman , Jordan , with instructions to return to Gaza . The other two Fulbright students remain in Gaza . Bashi said that while the situation of the three students is one of "  tremendous concern , " it only underscores what she says is the larger problem of lack of access to higher education for hundreds of Gaza students who have been accepted into universities outside of Gaza but are prevented from leaving due to Israeli restrictions . Bashi said that "  alongside the few students denied visas for procedural , technical , or undisclosed security reasons , there are hundreds of students with valid visas in danger of losing their places at foreign universities because Israel refuses to even consider their requests to leave Gaza . "  Denying talented young people their right to access education does not contribute to building a better future in the region , " Bashi said . Israeli government officials have long maintained that its restrictions on allowing students to travel outside of Gaza are based only on security considerations . "  We do act to facilitate students wishing to study at Western universities where they are exposed to liberal and democratic values , " an Israeli government official said on Tuesday . But , the official said , Israel distinguishes between students wanting to study in the West and those wanting to study in places like Pakistan , Saudi Arabia or Syria or the West Bank . In the case of the West Bank , the official said Hamas could use this as a way of strengthening its activist base in the West Bank , which would be detrimental to Israel 's security . "  There is no reason why we should do that , " the Israeli official said . On the matter of the three students , the official said : "  The process of Israeli-American contacts on the matter did not cease , and more specific information was provided . "	U.S. State Department cites security concerns as reason visas were withdrawn Three Palestinian students were among seven who had earlier had visas pulled Israel reportedly acts to prevent the students from leaving Gaza Advocacy group says Palestinians need more access to higher education
Washington  CNN  -- It has happened before : Aurora . Columbine . Tucson . Virginia Tech . But , this time , the White House and a growing number of Democratic lawmakers on Capitol Hill promise it will be different . This time , they say , things will change . In Washington and around the country , the legacy left by the 26 people -- 20 of them young children -- slaughtered in a school shooting on Friday in Newtown , Connecticut , might indeed be meaningful legislative reform . Over the past few days , several lawmakers have promised to introduce or reintroduce gun control legislation , ranging from a reinstatement of a federal ban on assault weapons to banning the sale of high-capacity magazines . On Monday , there was a moment of silence on the floor of the U.S. Senate to honor those killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School . The chamber 's chaplain called on lawmakers to "  act promptly . " The House also observed a moment of silence Monday evening . Latest updates out of Newtown , Connecticut "  To me and to others , this one feels different , " said Jon Vernick , co-director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research . "  Maybe because of the timing , maybe because of the victims , 20 young children . Maybe it 's because we have a president who has been re-elected who is not going to be running again . That does n't mean those political obstacles are n't still there , but it does feel different . " Friday , just after the shooting , White House spokesman Jay Carney said President Barack Obama was willing to consider reinstating the assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 . On Sunday , in his remarks at the vigil in Newtown , Obama hinted that he 'll "  use whatever power this office holds to engage my fellow citizens ... in an effort aimed at preventing more tragedies like this . Because what choice do we have ? " On Monday , the White House inched closer to addressing what Carney called a complex problem . And Tuesday afternoon , Carney said the president now supports Sen. Diane Feinstein 's intended effort to reinstate the assault weapons ban . Will Newtown change America 's attitude toward guns ? Pro-gun Democrats The most notable shift in tone comes from some conservative Democrats who have high rankings from the National Rifle Association for their pro-gun rights legislative stances . Friday 's shooting was a "  game changer , " tweeted Virginia Democratic Sen. Mark Warner , who 'd previously received an "  A " rating from the NRA . "  This awful massacre of our youngest children has changed us , and everything should be on the table , " Sen. Joe Manchin , a conservative Democrat from West Virginia and "  proud gun owner , " said Monday in a statement . "  We need to move beyond dialogue -- we need to take a sensible , reasonable approach to the issue of mass violence . " New Jersey Democrat Sen. Frank Lautenberg plans to reintroduce legislation in the next Congress that would prohibit the sale of high-capacity magazines , his office confirmed Monday . He and California Sen. Feinstein hail from states that advocates of gun control , such as the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , say have some of the toughest gun restrictions . Feinstein announced Sunday she 'll reintroduce an assault weapons ban when Congress reconvenes in January . Movement in the White House Citizen-created petitions on the White House 's website have netted thousands of signatures on both sides of the issue in just a few days . But the political reality is that crafting meaningful legislation is a tricky prospect . The White House has said Obama supports reinstatement of a federal ban on assault weapons -- a position he took in the 2008 campaign but failed to press during his first term . "  It does remain a commitment of his , " Carney told reporters Friday . But later that day , an emotional Obama did not address the issue directly in a televised statement from the White House . "  We 're going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this , regardless of the politics , " said Obama , the father of two girls . A White House source told CNN that on Monday afternoon , Obama had discussions with White House senior staff , the vice president and several Cabinet members , including Education Secretary Arne Duncan , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and Attorney General Eric Holder to begin looking at ways the country can respond to the tragedy in Newtown . The politics of guns Obama largely avoided the issue of gun control during his first term . He wrote an opinion piece two months after the 2011 assassination attempt on Rep. Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona , acknowledging the importance of the Second Amendment right to bear arms and called for a focus on "  effective steps that will actually keep those irresponsible , law-breaking few from getting their hands on a gun in the first place . " Jared Loughner sentenced to life in deadly Arizona shootings But in the aftermath of that shooting and as the election season loomed , the Justice Department backed off from a list of recommendations that included measure designed to help keep mentally ill people from getting guns . There are also other political considerations . While Democratic lawmakers took to the airwaves this weekend to call for congressional action on gun control , the few Republicans who did speak out pointed to numerous court cases that have upheld Second Amendment rights and said guns are needed as mechanisms for self-defense . And others have said the solution is more guns in schools , not fewer . Texas Republican Rep. Louie Gohmert said on "  Fox News Sunday " that if school principal Dawn Hochsprung had an assault rifle in her office , she could have killed the shooter . "  I wish to God she had an M-4 in her office locked up -- so when she heard gunfire , she pulls it out and she did n't have to lunge heroically with nothing in her hands , " Gohmert said . "  But she takes him out , takes his head off , before he can kill those precious kids . " NRA big supporter of politicians Protecting those Second Amendment rights has also included hefty campaign donations . During the 2012 election cycle , the NRA donated $ 719,596 to candidates . Republicans received $ 634,146 of that , according to the Center for Responsive Politics ' analysis of federal campaign data . For example , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , ranked among the top five recipients , having received $ 7,450 in this cycle . Some $ 85,450 went to Democrats , many of them in states that are considered more conservative when it comes to gun control laws . For example , Democratic Rep. Jim Matheson got $ 6,950 this cycle and represents a district in Utah , a state gun control policy advocates say has some of the nation 's weakest gun laws . A number of Democratic lawmakers who hail from conservative states are up for re-election in 2014 , which may also increase the pressure not to touch the gun issue . Analysis : Guns and the law Gun policies are "  still a third rail especially if you 're really going to try and do something about it , " said Alan Lizotte , dean and professor at the State University of New York at Albany 's School of Criminal Justice . "  There are a lot of issues there . " According to a new ABC News/Washington Post survey on gun control conducted over the weekend , 52 % of people see the mass shootings as a sign of broader problems in society . This up from 24 % in August shortly after the deadly theater shooting in Aurora , Colorado . The poll also found rise in people who strongly favor stricter gun control , 44 % , and a double-digit gap between them and the 32 % who say they strongly oppose stricter gun control laws . In August , 39 % supported tougher laws and 37 % opposed them . A Pew poll conducted after the Giffords shooting found that 49 % of Americans said it was "  more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns , " while 46 % said it was "  more important to control gun ownership . " But a survey conducted by CNN/ORC International in August shortly after the Aurora incident found that 76 % of those surveyed believe "  there should be some restrictions on owning guns . " And as debate is sure to ensue in Washington , so it has already online . "  You can make as many laws as you want it will NOT change people who want to hurt others . We all need to arm our self now . That is the only way , " reader Steve Lahey commented on CNN.com . Which prompted another reader to reply : "  That worked so well for the shooter 's mother , did n't it ? " View from abroad : Sorrow , but little hope for U.S. gun control CNN 's Ashley Killough and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama to support Feinstein effort to reinstate assault weapons ban Sandy Hook shooting might become a tipping point for gun legislation Several pro-gun Democrats have said it is time to look at all options Some Republicans say fewer restrictions on guns are what are needed
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- It 's a staggering figure , two weeks after Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was shot out of the sky . As many as 80 bodies could still be lying in the fields of eastern Ukraine where the passenger jet crashed , Australia 's foreign minister told CNN on Thursday . "  But we wo n't know until our investigative teams are on the site and combing the crash site for remains , " Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said . "  And that 's the grisly and sobering task that they must undertake from now on . " And getting to the crash site is n't as simple as it sounds . Investigation at the site as been delayed for days by dangerous fighting in the area . Monitors from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe reached the crash site on Thursday , accompanied by two Dutch and two Australian experts . The monitors used a new route to access the site . Many coffins holding remains -- collected in the first week after the disaster -- already have been flown to the Netherlands , where the flight originated July 17 . But monitors who 've gained sporadic access to the site have said bodies and victims ' belongings still lie scattered across huge debris fields . Experts marked locations where they spotted human remains on Thursday , OSCE spokesman Michael Bociurkiw said . They hope to continue investigating Friday , he said , and may use cadaver dogs and aerial surveillance to search the scene . "  This all goes back to time is of the essence , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  Everyone realizes that time is no longer on our side , that this investigation has to kick-start into high gear right away . " The team at the site observed a moment 's silence to mark two weeks to the day since the plane -- en route from Amsterdam to Malaysia -- plummeted to Earth near the Russian border in rural eastern Ukraine , killing all 298 people aboard . U.S. and Ukrainian officials have alleged that a Russian-made missile system downed the plane from rebel-held territory ; Russia and the rebel fighters deny involvement . The team 's arrival came as Ukraine 's military announced a one-day cease-fire Thursday to allow international experts full access . A statement issued by the Ukrainian Counter-Terrorist Operation 's press center said the military would not take offensive action but will "  respond to direct attacks . " The statement also accused the rebels of continued violence , including firing Grad rocket systems Thursday morning . "  This demonstrates their attitude towards Ukraine and the international community , " it said . ` Bittersweet ' progress Bociurkiw said the team of eight OSCE personnel and four "  very senior experts " had reached the site after six hours of travel -- a journey three times longer than usual . The trip , which involved crossing and recrossing Ukrainian and rebel front lines , was possible only after high-level political agreements were negotiated with both sides , he said . "  Although we are very , very relieved to be back at the site , it is bittersweet in the sense that we do realize that it 's two weeks almost to the hour since that plane went down , " he said . The four experts are combing the debris field for a rapid assessment , Bociurkiw said . If the truce holds , more international experts will be brought in Friday from where they are waiting , about two hours to the west . The temperature is nearing 90 degrees Fahrenheit , and the scene is difficult to describe , he said . "  We 've been here multiple times , and yet it has n't gotten any easier . There are still human remains in front of me , we can tell by the smell , and there 's so many areas that have n't been properly gone over , scoured . " Among those areas is a chicken farm not currently in operation where a fair amount of debris has been spotted . Human remains may be there , too . Although the observers saw evidence of tampering with the wreckage in the first few days , there are no obvious signs of change over the past week from what he 's seen , Bociurkiw said . What we found at MH17 crash site ` Long walk towards justice ' Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte and Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak met in the Netherlands to discuss the international response to the crash . Rutte said the Netherlands and Malaysia share three priorities in dealing with the crash : the repatriation of the victims and their personal belongings , "  obtaining clarity " on the cause of the accident and making sure the perpetrators are brought to justice . He said that repatriation of the victims was the highest priority . Najib also called for a cessation of hostilities by both sides around the crash site and "  full and unfettered " access to the area . With such access , authorities will be able "  to find out what happened to MH17 " and will be able "  to achieve justice for the victims and their families , " he said . "  We ask that all sides respect the lives lost , and the integrity of the site , so that the investigation may proceed . The long walk towards justice begins with this step . " Netherlands , whose citizens made up about two-thirds of those killed in the crash , is leading the international investigation . Rutte said 68 police officers from Malaysia had arrived in Kiev , Ukraine , and would try to reach the crash site area . In addition , 24 Malaysian experts are aiding in efforts to identify victims ' remains in the Netherlands , he said . After their statements , Najib signed a book of condolences for the Dutch victims . Malaysia suffered the loss of 43 nationals in the crash , including 15 crew and two infants . Lawmakers vote The Ukrainian Parliament ratified agreements with the Netherlands and Australia on Thursday that will allow both countries to send teams -- including police , civilian and armed personnel -- to eastern Ukraine to carry out the investigation . Other countries that had citizens on board MH17 , such as Malaysia , can also send teams , but there can be no more than 700 armed personnel in total , the agreements stipulate . Only 250 of those who are armed can come from Australia . According to the Cabinet Office , the missions are free to travel within Ukraine to relevant locations and "  have a right to search and gather the remnants as well as investigate the catastrophe . " Australia , which lost 38 citizens and permanent residents , has sent nearly 200 police officers to Europe to help with investigation and recovery efforts . A Russian delegation , comprising three experts , is also in Ukraine and hopes to access the MH17 crash site on Thursday alongside international investigators , according to a spokesman for the Russian Civil Aviation Authority , Sergey Izvolsky . They will also provide material requested by the investigators , including radar data from the Russian Defense Ministry showing a Ukrainian fighter jet flying close to MH17 , according to Izvolsky . The United States and others say Russia has provided arms to rebels in eastern Ukraine , including heavy weapons such as a missile system like the one the United States says was used to down the Malaysian airliner . Ukraine tensions prompt Cold War fears CNN 's Ivan Watson reported from Kiev and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed from Donetsk and Alla Eshchenko from Moscow . CNN 's Mick Krever , Carol Jordan , Raja Razek , Elizabeth Joseph and Catherine E. Shoichet also contributed , as did journalist Victoria Butenko .	NEW : "  Time is no longer on our side , " OSCE spokesman says Australian foreign minister : Monitors face "  grisly and sobering task " at crash site As many as 80 bodies could still be lying in the fields of eastern Ukraine , she says Ukraine Parliament agrees nations with citizens on MH17 can send armed personnel
Liberia  CNN  -- Thousands of young men shouting , driving in pick-up trucks and taking control of the streets of Monrovia was , only a few years ago , a reason to flee . They are scenes reminiscent of the 14-year civil war that devastated Liberia and left an estimated 250,000 people dead . But today , these young men and women are thronging the streets of the capital in excitement - supporting their preferred candidates in the last day of campaigning in the nation 's elections . The front-runner : the first African female president , grandmother of three and newly-awarded winner of the Nobel Peace prize . But what President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf really wants is to win re-election for a second term in office . "  Just to consolidate the gains , preserve the peace , to keep bringing the development - we 've put in the fundamentals , the foundation - the possibility to reach our accelerated growth and development , fix our infrastructure , the potential and chances are so high , " she said . But President Johnson-Sirleaf has already broken one major promise - that she would not run for a second term . And many Liberians believe she has not fulfilled many of her first term campaign promises - with up to 80 % of Liberians unemployed and a majority living without basic necessities such as water and electricity . And there has been plenty of campaigning going on for Tuesday 's election , some of it a little unorthodox - I saw one car handing out money to crowds as it drove through town ! The main opposition party - the Congress for Democratic Change - is drawing big crowds with their popular vice-Presidential candidate , Liberia 's most famous international football star - George Weah . "  Madame Johnson-Sirleaf - all the promises she made , she has never kept them - and the people are ready , you can see the excitement - that they 're ready for a change , " he said . Forty percent of Liberians are under the age of 14 and many believe that , at 72 , President Johnson-Sirleaf is out of touch with the needs of the average Liberian . "  I promise them a good life , a life that is affordable . I want to see Liberians not suffering and to have light and water and healthcare , " Weah added . Desirable , but difficult promises to keep for any incoming administration in a country where many buildings in the capital are still riddled with bullet holes . The voters themselves are split : "  The process she started - we need a person who will finish that peaceful process , " one said . While another said : "  She promised and she did n't do it - she promised and she never delivered . "	Liberians head to polls Tuesday amid excitement Front-runner is Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf the first African female president and Nobel Peace prize winner Main opposition party 's VP candidate is international football star George Weah
CNN  -- Civil rights activist Dorothy Height , 98 , remained in "  very serious , but stable condition " Saturday , her friend and spokeswoman said . A flurry of rumors about Height 's death appeared Saturday on the Internet , particularly on the social networking site Twitter , where her name was a trending topic . Wikipedia also briefly reported Height 's death . Height remains hospitalized , according to Alexis Herman , her friend and former secretary of labor under President Bill Clinton . Height was admitted to Howard University Hospital earlier this week . Further details about her condition were not immediately available . "  We are grateful for the professional care of her doctors , " Herman said in a written statement . "  We especially thank everyone for your thoughts , prayers and support during this challenging time . " Height , who turned 98 Wednesday , is chair and president emerita of the National Council of Negro Women . In the 1960s , she worked alongside civil rights pioneers , including the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , future U.S. Rep. John Lewis and A. Philip Randolph . She has been active in civil rights since the New Deal era , according to her biography on the National Council of Negro Women 's Web site . As a leader of the United Christian Youth Movement of North America beginning in 1933 , "  she worked to prevent lynching , desegregate the armed forces , reform the criminal justice system and for free access to public accommodations , " the site says . She was elected president of the NCNW in 1957 and held the post until 1998 . CNN 's Lindy Royce contributed to this report .	Dorothy Height , 98 , remains hospitalized ; no information available on her condition Wikipedia reported Saturday that she was dead ; rumors appeared on social networking site Twitter Height has been active in civil rights since the New Deal era
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A top AEG executive referred to Michael Jackson as "  the freak " and another called him "  creepy " just hours before their company signed the pop icon to a huge concert deal . The revelation brought an audible gasp in the Los Angeles courtroom at the wrongful death trial Wednesday and left fans crying . Jackson 's mother and children are suing AEG Live for what they say was the negligent hiring , retention or supervision of Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician convicted of involuntary manslaughter in the singer 's death . Katherine Jackson watched from the front row as her lawyer questioned AEG Live Senior Vice President and General Counsel Shawn Trell about an e-mail exchange with his boss at parent company AEG . The Jackson family matriarch began weeping when Trell returned to the witness stand Thursday morning . She left the courtroom and did not return . Sweet controversy at death trial "  Is it the policy of AEG to talk in derogatory terms about the artist you 're going to do business with ? " Jackson lawyer Brian Panish asked . "  No , " Trell answered . Panish then showed jurors an e-mail Trell sent on January 28 , 2009 , to Ted Fikre , AEG 's chief legal officer , letting him know he was about to go to Jackson 's home for the signing of the contract for his "  This Is It " concert tour . "  Does that mean you get to meet the freak ? " Fikre replied . Trell responded : "  Apparently . Not sure how I feel about that . Interesting for sure , but kind of creepy . " The e-mail exchange happened less than four hours before Trell and other AEG executives visited Jackson 's Los Angeles home . AEG execs face questions about Jackson 's death "  This is a man you hoped to make millions and millions of dollars from ? " Panish asked Trell . "  Did n't your mom ever say if you do n't have anything good to to say about someone , do n't say anything ? " Trell earlier testified that he was excited to meet Jackson for the first time and was impressed with his "  good , firm handshake . " "  I may not have necessarily agreed with some of the life choices Michael Jackson made , but I certainly had enormous respect for him as an entertainer . " Manager 's e-mails found , could be key A dry review Most of Wednesday 's session was a dry review of Jackson and Murray 's contracts as AEG Live 's defense team worked to convince jurors that Murray was not hired by the concert promoter . Jackson chose , hired and supervised the doctor , they contend . Murray signed his contract the day before Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death , but AEG executives and Jackson never put their signatures on it . Jackson lawyers , however , argue he had been already working for two months based on an oral contract . The Jackson lawsuit contends that AEG Live executives ignored red flags that should have warned them that Jackson was in danger from Murray 's treatment . The coroner ruled that Jackson died from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol , which Murray told police he was using to treat the singer 's insomnia . Panish -- the Jackson family 's lead lawyer -- questioned Trell Thursday about his previous testimony that there were no "  red flags " to alert AEG executives about Jackson 's declining health . He showed jurors an e-mail sent to AEG Live President Randy Phillips and Co-CEO Paul Gongaware by "  This Is It " stage manager John "  Bugzee " Houghdahl on June 19 , 2009 -- six days before Jackson died . "  I have watched him deteriorate in front of my eyes over the last 8 weeks , " Houghdahl wrote . "  He was able to do multiple 360 spins back in April . He 'd fall on his ass if he tried now . " Another Prince The name of Prince Rogers Nelson -- the artist commonly known as Prince -- came up when Trell acknowledged that while AEG Live had promoted about 100 tours , it had produced only one other concert tour the size of Jackson 's shows . When Panish suggested Prince had not had "  a very favorable experience " with AEG , Trell said he 'd not spoken to him about it . Panish : "  Did you ever try to get a doctor for $ 150,000 a month for Prince ? " Trell : "  No . " Panish : "  And is Mr. Nelson is still alive today ? " Trell : "  Yes . " Witness : ` Everybody was lying ' after Jackson died	NEW : Katherine Jackson leaves court weeping Thursday AEG Live lawyer tells boss idea of meeting Jackson is "  kind of creepy " Jackson 's mother and children claim the concert promoter is liable in his death AEG Live contends Jackson , not it , chose the doctor convicted in his death
EW.com  -- Sony 's reboot "  The Amazing Spider-Man " earned $ 7.5 million from midnight shows during its U.S. premiere last night â $ " $ 1.2 million of which came from 300 IMAX screens . The $ 220 million web-slinging flick , which Sony expects will earn between $ 110 and $ 120 million over its first six days , has already taken in $ 50.2 million overseas , and it seems to be off to a healthy start domestically . "  We had a fantastic start , " says a rep for the studio . Comparisons are somewhat difficult given "  The Amazing Spider-Man 's " unconventional Tuesday release â $ " "  Spider-Man 3 " earned $ 7.5 million during its Friday midnight debut on the way to a $ 151 million opening weekend , although that film was not presented in price-jacking 3-D/IMAX , and midnight screenings were less popular five years ago than they are today . Another film from five years ago that opened on a Tuesday , "  Transformers , " earned $ 8.8 million on Monday night sneaks and took in $ 155.4 million through Sunday night . Based on these results  and a whole lot of speculation  , I 'd bet that "  The Amazing Spider-Man " will take in about $ 125 million in its first six days , but honestly , it 's too soon to tell right now . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Amazing Spider-Man " earned $ 7.5 million from midnight shows during its premiere Sony expects the reboot will earn between $ 110 and $ 120 million over its first six days The film has already taken in $ 50.2 million overseas
CNN  -- Unable to rescue a man devoured by a giant sinkhole , workers started demolishing his Florida home Sunday -- three days after the ground under his bedroom opened up and swallowed him . Crowds watched as a backhoe plunged its bucket into the home 's blue walls , leaving the wreckage of wood beams and cinder blocks where rooms once stood . Some snapped photos with cell phone cameras , said John Gauntt , a reporter for CNN affiliate Bay News 9 . Others turned toward the ground with tears in their eyes . Demolition of the house lasted for about three hours on Sunday and was expected to continue on Monday morning , Hillsborough County Administrator Mike Merrill told reporters . It was a delicate process , officials said , as a county employee skillfully maneuvered a massive piece of construction equipment to scoop up the family 's valuables and carry them to safety . The items salvaged included a Bible , military awards and an American flag that hung near the house 's front door . One woman wept as an official handed her a framed family portrait . The demolition crew worked for only a few hours on Sunday to give the family time to sift through their belongings , Merrill said . But authorities said they could n't recover Jeff Bush 's body from the massive hole that opened up under his bedroom . The sinkhole -- about 20 feet wide and 50 to 60 feet deep -- was still expanding , they said , and the suburban Tampa house could collapse at any time . Authorities made the heartbreaking decision to stop the search for Bush after the odds against his survival became abundantly clear . "  We just have not been able to locate Mr. Bush , and so for that reason , the rescue effort is being discontinued , " Merrill told reporters Saturday evening . "  At this point , it 's really not possible to recover the body . " The Bush family 's nightmare began Thursday night , just as everyone was about to go to sleep . A deafening noise shattered the peace in the blue , one-story home in the suburb of Seffner . Then , Jeremy Bush said he heard his brother , Jeff , scream . "  I ran toward my brother 's bedroom , " he told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  Everything was gone . My brother 's bed , my brother 's dresser , my brother 's TV . My brother was gone . " Jeremy Bush jumped in the hole and frantically shoveled away rubble . But as the house 's floor collapsed , a sheriff 's deputy pulled him to safety , while his brother remained trapped below . "  I could n't get him out , " Jeremy Bush said , weeping . "  I tried so hard . I tried everything I could . " Sinkholes : Common , costly and sometimes deadly Jeremy Bush and four others , including a 2-year-old child , were uninjured . After officials called off the search for his brother 's body Saturday , Jeremy Bush told Bay News 9 the family was devastated . "  It 's not just I lost my brother . There are so many memories in this house , " he told the CNN affiliate . "  My wife and her brother and the whole family . ... Every holiday , we gathered at this house . Her grandmother passed away . All the stuff to remember her by is in this house , and we 're losing it all . You ca n't replace that . You ca n't replace a life being gone . " As crews began demolishing the house Sunday , pieces of the family 's lives were pushed into public view . Walls with picture frames on them came crashing down . Baby toys and clothes on hangers were raked across the ground . Knocking down the unsafe structure is necessary , officials said , to get a better look at the sinkhole and to figure out the best way to fill it . "  Once they can get a better view , then they can get a sense of what the next step is . ... This is one step at a time , because we really do n't know what we 're dealing with here , " Merrill said Sunday morning . Sinkholes are common in the state , according to the Florida Department of Environmental Protection . Florida lies on bedrock made of limestone or other carbonate rock that can be eaten away by acidic groundwater , forming voids that collapse when the rock can no longer support the weight of what 's above it . Hillsborough County , on Florida 's west coast , is part of an area known as "  sinkhole alley " that accounts for two thirds of the sinkhole-related insurance claims in the state , according to a Florida state Senate Insurance and Banking Committee report . With officials concerned that more ground near the house in Seffner could give way Sunday , the massive backhoe demolishing the house kept its distance , staying on the street . Nearby homes were evacuated Friday as a precaution . The family that lived next door was given about 30 minutes to grab belongings before abandoning the house , which was compromised by the sinkhole , fire department spokesman Ronnie Rivera said . Though the risky search for Jeff Bush has ended , the danger has not . Merrill said workers were dealing with a "  very unusual sinkhole " -- deep , wide and extremely unstable . "  It 's underground , it 's unseen and we 're uncertain as to what 's under there , " said John Lyons , the county 's director of public works . "  So we 'll be very cautious going in . " Contractors will finish demolition work on Monday , he said . "  They 'll pull out the rest of the structure , load it up and take it away . " But authorities said Jeff Bush 's body will remain in its final resting place , trapped underground where the house his family lived in for generations once stood . Check out the latest news from CNN.com CNN 's Jake Carpenter , Dana Ford and Brian Carberry contributed to this report .	A large backhoe demolishes part of the house and scoops valuables to safety Crews recover a Bible , military awards and an American flag from the wreckage Work to demolish a Florida home where a sinkhole opened up will continue Monday , authorities say "  It 's really not possible to recover the body " of Jeff Bush , a county official says
CNN  -- John Drury is a 6-foot-7 truck driver with tattoos on his head , neck and arms . Not surprisingly , he 's known as "  Big John . " During the week , Drury spends 50 hours behind the wheel . But on weekends , the 43-year-old is a certified dance fitness instructor who breaks it down to Rihanna and Justin Bieber . Living by the T.I. song lyrics permanently tattooed on his head -- "  The old me is dead and gone " -- Drury has danced away 97 pounds since February 2011 . "  The main purpose of that tattoo is exactly what it says , " he said . "  That 400-pound man was the old me and who I am today is the new me . " Check out this video of Big John 's Dance Fitness class "  Big John " was n't always big . Drury grew up on the west side of Cincinnati in a poverty-stricken area where sports , music and dancing kept him out of trouble . "  I grew up in the hood , " he said . "  I was poor growing up , and that 's what we did -- we danced . It was our culture . " Drury participated in break dancing competitions with his high school friends and often attended community dance functions . Some of his favorite places to visit in the '80s were the clubs in downtown Cincinnati . A year after Drury graduated from high school in November 1989 , he was at a club showing off his moves on the dance floor . At that moment , his future wife , Lori , spotted him from across the club . "  I saw him dancing , and that 's what attracted me to him , " said Lori Drury , 42 . "  I told my friend somewhat jokingly , ` That 's the guy I 'm going to marry . ' " And in January 1994 , that 's exactly what happened . But as they settled down and had two kids , Drury picked up more and more shifts at the trucking company , until he found himself working 70 hours a week . With little time to exercise or sit down and eat a proper meal , his motto became "  grab and go . " When he did stop , he ate the fast and greasy food offered at truck stops . "  I was big on sweets and eating doughnuts for breakfast , " he said . "  Everything about my eating habits was just out of whack . " 9 ways to keep it healthy when eating out From ` Big John ' to ` biggest loser ' Prior to becoming a truck driver , Drury weighed 260 pounds . After more than a decade of truck driving , Drury had piled on 140 pounds and his health was deteriorating . Doctors prescribed medications to control his high blood pressure and cholesterol . But the seriousness of his situation did n't hit home until a fellow truck driver , who was taking the same medications as Drury , died from complications of diabetes in late 2010 . The truck driver weighed 450 pounds -- only 50 more pounds than Drury at the time . A few months after his friend passed away , Drury heard a commercial for a local radio station that was hosting a "  biggest loser " competition . He entered the competition and was selected to participate . For three months , Drury had a gym membership , a personal trainer and a nutritionist . He began drinking a lot of water , preparing his meals and walking around the truck stop area . "  I 'm a very competitive person , " Drury said . "  I would just do whatever I had to do to get to the top . I decided there were n't going to be any more excuses . " With his new attitude , Drury not only finished in second place , he also lost 54 pounds . "  For a person who says ` no excuses ' now , I used to be the first person to make an excuse , " he said . "  I used to say , ` I 'm too busy with my job . ' It 's just so empowering to know that regardless of my situation , I made it happen . " Journal helps woman lose half her body weight Paying it forward Now it was time to make some of his own dreams a reality . Through the gym membership , Drury discovered Zumba . He realized he could lose weight through his passion for dance . "  When they say , ` Feel the music , ' I really feel the music . I get lost in it , " he said . "  Even though I was the only man in the class , it did n't stop me . " Thinking back on his early days of break dancing , Drury thought he could make the idea of weight loss through dancing relevant to the public . "  I just thought I could help people , because I think people can connect with me and my story , " he said . After entering yet another room full of women , Drury decided to get certified as a dance fitness instructor . In April 2011 , he created his own dance fitness company called Big John 's Dance Fitness . Drury helps people dance off their weight through routines set to the songs of Usher , Rihanna , Flo Rida and other pop and hip-hop music he thinks people can recognize and move to . They sometimes even do the "  chicken dance . " He holds hour-long classes every Saturday and Saturday starting at 9 a.m. for a fee of $ 5 per class . He 's had as many as 30 attendees . "  I have people who ca n't afford it , and I 'm never going to turn anyone away , " he said . "  I have a longing for helping people and paying it forward . I care about the people , not the dollars . " But Drury is having some financial challenges of his own . To accommodate his new lifestyle , Drury now works 50 hours a week rather than 70 , and it 's sometimes difficult to make ends meet . At the moment , he teaches his classes in his home because he 's trying to find an affordable dance studio . "  Ultimately , my dream is to make a dance fitness DVD , because the obese public can relate to me , " he said . "  In these Zumba videos , there 's no big people in those videos . How can the obese people relate to that ? " Open road ahead Drury 's target weight is 260 pounds . He 's gained a few pounds back since he first lost the weight and now weighs in at about 315 pounds . "  It 's still hard , " he said . "  I 'm not going to sit here and say I 'm perfect . ... It 's still a battle for me , and everyone knows that . " Drury is now inspiring others by leading through example . Not only does he encourage his wife and sons to dance with him , but he and his wife prepare much healthier meals for the entire family . They have replaced the French fries and fast food with baked chicken and fish . Drury no longer gets greasy meals at the truck stops ; instead , he brings his food from home . He allows himself to consume up to 2,000 calories per day . As a result of his new lifestyle , Drury has come out of his shell , his wife said . Believe it or not , he used to be a shy and reserved man . "  He has so much more drive and just ambition for life , " she said . "  It seems like he wants so much more out of life and he 's more confident because he knows he can do it . " Drury 's mission is to inspire overweight people to "  just get out there and move . " And despite the laughs and jokes he hears from fellow truck drivers about his passion for dance , Drury is n't hitting the brakes anytime soon . "  I ca n't think of a male truck driver anywhere out there doing what I 'm doing , " he said . "  I 'm breaking all the stereotypes . I 'm so passionate about dance fitness . This is my calling in life . " Do you have a weight loss story to share ? Upload it to iReport .	Truck driver John Drury teaches dance fitness classes on weekends After 10 years of truck driving , Drury weighed 400 pounds After losing nearly 100 pounds , he now wants to inspire others Do you have a weight loss story ? Share it with CNN iReport
CNN  -- New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez stayed silent and out of sight on Monday while investigators , some wearing waders , searched a wooded ravine as they continued their probe into the death of a man whose body was found less than a mile from his home . But he got a haircut . A man who identified himself as Hernandez 's barber , Robby Olivares , showed up at the player 's home Monday evening and told CNN he gave his famous client a haircut . "  Beautiful ! He 's feeling good , he has a beautiful wife , he 's in good spirits , " Olivares said after spending time with Hernandez . Police continued to sift through woods for clues that could shed some light on what happened to Odin Lloyd , 27 , who a week ago was found dead less than a mile from Hernandez 's expansive home in North Attleborough , Massachusetts . Detectives search Patriots player 's house again For the first time since last week , Hernandez 's lawyer broke his silence Monday , saying his client has been subjected to "  a relentless flood of rumors , misinformation and false reports , " including unsubstantiated accounts in some media outlets late last week that an arrest warrant had been issued in connection with the investigation . CNN did not report that a warrant had been issued , and a law enforcement source told CNN Monday , "  there is no arrest warrant . It was n't true last week and it is n't true today . " Investigators working in woods near Hernandez 's home would not respond to questions Monday about what they were looking for or its possible significance to the probe . Authorities have been tight-lipped since Lloyd 's body was found . On Tuesday , a notice posted at the courthouse said all records relating to the investigation have been "  impounded by order of the court . " The move seals all records related to the case , including search warrants . Hernandez mum as probe continues Three search warrants were issued in the case , according to the clerk of the Attleboro District Court , Mark Sturdy , but neither the warrants nor the results of any searches have been made public . Hernandez has yet to say anything publicly . A statement from his lawyer last week acknowledged there was an investigation but did n't confirm media reports that authorities had questioned his client . Lloyd died of a gunshot wound , a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation said Thursday . Lloyd 's sister , Olivia Thibou , told CNN that Lloyd and Hernandez were friends who were at a Boston nightclub together a few days before Lloyd 's death . She said her brother was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee . She did not know when or how her brother and Hernandez met . Thibou said she did not know of any problems between Hernandez and Lloyd , who worked for a landscaping company . She said she could n't imagine why anyone would want to kill her brother , whom she described as a friendly guy who was like a father to her 7-year-old daughter . In one development of sorts Monday , Hernandez 's attorney and District Attorney Sam Sutter traded compliments . Michael K. Fee 's statement regarding the "  flood of rumors , misinformation and false reports " about his client praised Sutter 's office , saying , "  None of these false reports came from official sources and we appreciated the professionalism and restraint shown by the Bristol County District Attorney 's Office to date with regard to its public statements while its investigation is under way . " Sutter , in turn , released a brief statement Monday night saying , "  Those of us who are involved in this ongoing investigation appreciate the positive remarks about our professionalism . "	NEW : All records in the investigation have been sealed Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez has remained silent and out of sight His attorney says he 's been subjected to "  rumors , misinformation and false reports " Investigators continued searching near the Hernandez home on Monday
Panama City , Florida  CNN  -- President Barack Obama toured the waters off Panama City Beach by boat on Sunday as he capped a weekend visit aimed at sparking a recovery in the region hard-hit by the Gulf of Mexico oil spill . The president , first lady Michelle Obama and their younger daughter Sasha stood at the bow of the excursion boat watching porpoises jump around them before heading back to shore . The family returned to Washington on Sunday afternoon . Speaking before a Saturday afternoon dip with his daughter , Obama said his administration remains committed to ensuring a full cleanup and recovery for a region hard-hit by the disaster -- and expressed hope that his holiday on the beach would change public perception and soften the economic blow of the largest oil spill in U.S. history . "  As a result of the cleanup effort , beaches all along the Gulf Coast are clean , safe , and open for business , " he said . "  That 's one of the reasons Michelle , Sasha , and I are here . " Panama City Beach was hit by scattered tar balls and patches of oil from the ruptured undersea well at the heart of the disaster . But the bulk of the spill hit further west , near the mouth of the Mississippi River , and authorities are still struggling with the cleanup effort . Obama said Saturday that "  Our job is not finished , and and we are not going anywhere until it is . " "  That 's a message I wanted to come here and deliver directly to the people along the Gulf Coast , " Obama said after meeting with government and business leaders in the Florida Panhandle resort . "  Because it 's the men and women of this region who have felt the burden of this disaster , who have watched with anger and dismay as their livelihoods and way of life were threatened these past few months . " Visitors spent more than $ 34 billion in 2008 in congressional districts along the Gulf Coast , sustaining 400,000 jobs . The effects of the oil spill on the region 's travel industry could last up to three years and cost up to $ 22.7 billion , according to an analysis conducted last month by Oxford Economics for the U.S. Travel Association . Sunday marked a month since the BP-owned well was temporarily capped . Efforts to seal the well permanently are awaiting additional pressure tests that could take up to four days , former Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen said Saturday . In Gulf Shores , Alabama , a resort town about 175 miles west of Panama City , Mayor Robert Craft told CNN that the last oil washed up on the white sands about three weeks ago , and visitors were coming back . "  We do n't know what to expect and we certainly have no experience in dealing with it -- no training , no background and every day is a different day , " he said . But he added , "  The beaches are clean , and the water is open , and we still have hope to salvage a good portion of this year . " The disaster began with an April 20 explosion aboard the offshore drilling rig Deepwater Horizon that killed 11 workers . More than 2 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico before the well was shut in . Obama said Saturday the government will continue to monitor the oil in the ocean as well as any that hits the shore . "  I wo n't be satisfied until the environment has been restored , no matter how long it takes , " he said . CNN 's Reynolds Wolf contributed to this report .	First couple and younger daughter Sasha watch porpoises off Panama City Obama 's visit was aimed at boosting Gulf Coast recovery Alabama mayor hopes to salvage "  a good portion " of tourist season The ruptured well was shut in a month ago
CNN  -- They 're hardly a global soccer powerhouse , but Iran 's World Cup run has President Hassan Rouhani tweeting pictures of himself watching a game in a T-shirt . If the Iranians can beat Bosnia convincingly on Wednesday , they might make it to the knockout stage of the World Cup for the first time ever . That 's one of five things we 'll be watching for and talking about Wednesday : 1 . GROUP F SHOWDOWNS Trying to get through : a  Bosnia-Herzegovina vs. Iran If Iran can beat Bosnia by more than one goal , and Nigeria loses to Argentina , Iran goes through to the knockout stage as the second-ranking team in Group F . The Middle Easterners have a good record against Bosnia . They 've won four , tied one , and never lost . They 've also put on an impressive display in Brazil this year . They have n't managed to win a match yet , but they held Nigeria to a 0-0 draw and kept Argentina from scoring for 90 minutes . Only a magically curving goal from Lionel Messi in injury time denied the Iranians a draw for the history books . b  Argentina vs. Nigeria Sitting at the top of the group , Argentina is guaranteed a place in the round of 16 , while Nigeria will be battling to hang onto second place . If the Africans win , they go top of the group . If they pull off a draw , they get a point and hang onto second place . If they lose , they have to hope it 's close , and that Iran does n't score a big win over Bosnia . 2 . GROUP E MATCHUPS Free for all : a  Honduras vs. Switzerland Honduras is out of the running , but any of the other teams in Group E could go through to the knockout stage , or , theoretically , be knocked out . Switzerlandwill be aiming for a big win to steal that second-place spot for themselves . The two sides played to a draw the only previous match they played against each other . b  France vs. Ecuador France is the safest , with six points and a six-point goal difference . So it would take a tremendous victory by Ecuador to knock the French out of the top spot . But the South Americans will be fighting hard , because they are struggling to hang onto their second place spot in the group . France beat Ecuador the only previous time they faced each other . 3 . LUIS SUAREZ The fangs come out : Uruguay 's Luis Suarez is without doubt one of the best football players in the world . He 's also the most controversial . Twice banned from games for biting opponents in the Netherlands and England , no one thought he would be dumb enough to bite someone on the biggest football stage of all . But he might have done just that in Uruguay 's decisive match against Italy . He definitely went face-first into Giorgio Chiellini , and the Italian defender quickly pulled his shirt off his shoulder , claiming he 'd been bitten . Suarez said after the match that he "  just collided with his shoulder . " World soccer 's governing body FIFA is looking into the incident and could ban Suarez for up to two years . The internet went nuts over the incident , with people comparing Suarez to Jaws and Dracula -- and worse . 4 . COLOMBIA Group of Death -- but whose ? With three former World Cup champions , Group D was always sure to be the Group of Death , but the victims were hardly the ones anyone expected . Costa Rica was the only team in the group that has never won the tournament , but far from being sacrificial lambs , they turned out to be giant-killers , beating Italy and Uruguay . Tuesday they finished their unbeaten run by holding hapless England to a 0-0 draw . And that was the end of England 's World Cup run . 5 . USA v GERMANY Bring it : Team USA is looking ahead to a make-or-break duel against Germany on Thursday , hoping to go through to the knockout stage with a win or a draw . If they lose , Ghana  or , less likely , Portugal  could sneak into second place in Group G . The trash talk has already begun at the very highest levels : U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power is ready to put a bet down on the game with her German counterpart . At stake - beer ! .	The sport 's most controversial player is in trouble again Iran hopes to get through to the knockout stage for the first time ever Costa Rica proves to be the mouse that roared USA and Germany are trash talking on Twitter ahead of Thursday 's match
Three people were in critical condition and one in stable condition after a stabbing incident Wednesday afternoon in Columbus , Ohio , that ended with the suspect being shot by police , Columbus authorities said . The attack began inside a downtown building that houses Miami-Jacobs Career College , said Columbus Police Sgt. Rich Weiner . The stabbing victims in critical condition underwent surgery at Grant Medical Center , while the one with less serious injuries was taken to Mount Carmel West hospital , officials said . The suspect was in critical condition at Ohio State University 's Wexner Medical Center , Weiner said . "  I was here within probably a minute , minute and a half of it being dispatched , and I can tell you it was a chaotic scene , " said Columbus Police Chief Stephen Gammill . Weiner said a confrontation between two men in the college 's admissions office led to one of the men stabbing the other . A witness in the office tried to intervene and also was stabbed , he said . The fight then spilled into the lobby , where the man stabbed two more victims , authorities said . One of those stabbings was unprovoked , they said . The suspect , who is not being identified by authorities , was shot outside the building by an officer responding to the scene , police said . The officer also used a stun gun to subdue the suspect . In a news conference , Gammill praised the quick police response . "  Officers were on scene , confronted the chaotic scene , confronted the suspect and were able to stop him before he can injure anybody else , " he said . Three knives were recovered from the scene , one inside the admissions office and two on the street where the suspect was shot , authorities said . Police do not know the motive in the attack , and continue to interview witnesses . "  This does n't happen all the time , especially here in Columbus , " Weiner said . "  We 've called in some additional detectives to assist with the homicide unit . " Chuck Vella , spokesperson for Miami-Jacobs Career College , said he had no additional information on the incident or the victims . The campus is closed Wednesday night and Thursday , he said .	The suspect was shot by a police officer and is in critical condition , police say Three people are in critical condition and one in stable condition , authorities say Incident began in the admissions office of Miami-Jacobs Career College
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Officials at the hospital in Israel where former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is being treated described him Thursday as being in "  extremely critical " and "  grave " condition , with his family is by his side . "  In the last few hours there has been a deterioration in Ariel Sharon 's medical condition , " said a spokesman for Sheba Medical Center in Tel Hashomer . "  He continues to be in critical condition . " Earlier this week , the center 's director , Zeev Rotstein , had said doctors were unable to stabilize Sharon 's kidney function and other vital systems and that the danger to Sharon 's life had grown . The 85-year-old has been in a coma for eight years and is suffering from multiple organ failure . News broke last week that his health had recently worsened . Sharon is a highly decorated -- if controversial -- Israeli military figure who became prime minister in 2001 . He became comatose in 2006 , when he suffered a major stroke that led doctors to put him under anesthesia and on a respirator . His term as prime minister came to an end . Rising through military ranks Born in 1928 in Kfar Malal -- a community that would later become part of Israel -- Sharon graduated from high school in 1945 and began working with the Haganah , a militant group advocating for Israel 's independence . He began his rise through the Israeli military ranks in 1953 . Sharon helped establish an elite commando unit and was eventually promoted to be an army major general . He held this rank during 1967 's Six Day War , which ended with Israel controversially expanding its territory . Sharon went on to play major roles in subsequent Israeli military conflicts as well , including as head of the army 's Armored Reserve Division during the 1973 Yom Kippur War . He then began transitioning into government roles that included stints as Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin 's military adviser , agriculture minister and defense minister from 1981 to 1983 . Invasion of Lebanon Sharon also orchestrated Israel 's invasion of Lebanon , an effort aimed at Palestine Liberation Organization  PLO  fighters that also left thousands of civilians dead and led many in the Arab world to call him the "  Butcher of Beirut . " An official Israeli inquiry found Sharon indirectly responsible for the September 1982 killings of as many as 2,000 Palestinians at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps outside of Beirut , Lebanon . The report -- which led to Sharon 's prompt resignation -- determined that the then-defense minister had done nothing to stop Christian militiamen allied with Israel from entering the camps , despite fears they might seek to avenge the killing of their leader the previous day . Sharon did not stay out of the spotlight for long . His adviser Ranaan Gissin said Sharon "  felt betrayed by his government . " Sharon also sued Time for $ 50 million over a magazine article implying that he had foreknowledge of and played a greater role in the massacre . A New York jury in 1985 agreed that the article was negligent and defamatory , but ultimately ruled in the U.S.-based publisher 's favor , finding no evidence of actual malice or reckless disregard for the truth . Becoming prime minister Sharon held several other Cabinet posts between 1984 and 2001 , when he won a special election to become prime minister . By then , as head of the Likud party , Sharon was considered a hawk . And early on , he took the offensive by sending tanks and troops into Palestinian territory and ordering the assassination of militant leaders . But Sharon also took steps toward peace , such as agreeing with the PLO 's then-leader , Yasser Arafat , on a timeline to halt Israeli-Palestinian violence and resume peace talks . But that effort was undermined by Sharon 's own party , which backed a resolution to never allow the creation of a Palestinian state . Sharon later participated in talks with regional and world powers to discuss a "  road map " for Middle East peace . A significant moment for Sharon was his decision to turn over Gaza and portions of the West Bank to Palestinian control . While he had previously encouraged Israelis to establish settlements on occupied Palestinian land , Sharon pushed for Israel 's historic withdrawal , or disengagement , from 25 settlements in the West Bank and Gaza . The reaction in his own right-wing Likud Party to his order to the military to drag Israeli settlers from their homes in Gaza led Sharon in November 2005 to form the centrist political party Kadima , Hebrew for "  Forward . " In grappling with the decades-long conflict between Israelis and Palestinians , Sharon said a few years before , "  I can talk and look in the eyes of the citizens of Israel and convince them to make painful compromises . " Immediately after Sharon fell ill in early 2006 , his power was transferred to Vice Premier Ehud Olmert . Surgeons removed 20 inches of Sharon 's intestine the following month and , that April , Israel 's Cabinet formally ended his run as prime minister after declaring him permanently incapacitated . The former prime minister 's health has fluctuated since then . In January 2013 , doctors said testing on Sharon indicated some brain activity when he was shown photos of his home and heard his son 's voice . Sharon brain results not proof he 'll wake up	The former Israeli prime minister is suffering from organ failure Sharon has been in a coma since 2006 News broke last week that Sharon 's health had worsened
CNN  -- Big day reveal or YouTube preview ? That 's the question marketers face as they decide when to release their much-anticipated Super Bowl commercials . Mashable recently reported ads that ran online before the Super Bowl received 9 million views , compared to 1.3 million views for ads that debuted during the big game . Generating buzz and going viral are two measures of success . In 2012 , more than 13.7 million Super Bowl-related tweets were posted during the big game and this year that figure is expected to be higher . Last year , the top ad hashtags were #solongvampires , #makeitplatinum and #beckhamforhm . Does anyone remember what those were for ? No matter . It 's a new year ! Here are some of the Super Bowl ads currently creating big buzz ... Volkswagen ad - The Minnesota man with the Jamaican accent Spreading happiness by channeling Jimmy Cliff is the theme of this Volkswagen commercial , which has generated some controversy . While some online discussions question whether the use of a Jamaican accent by a white guy from the "  Gopher State " is offensive , commenters on the Volkswagen YouTube page say Jamaicans come in all colors . "  I think it 's great , funny and a compliment to the Caribbean no worries feel happy way of life ! " wrote user rebelphoto . "  I myself am not Jamaican but work with a good friend who is and I just love the sound of his dialect and the way he spreads his happiness when we are demoralized , just like the guy in the ad . I love Marvin , anyone offended by this ad should watch it and listen closer . " The Jamaica Gleaner , a newspaper in Kingston , Jamaica , posed the question to their Facebook fans , who mostly agreed the ad was not racist . "  There is nothing wrong with this ad it 's not racist , " said Lascelles G. Johnson . "  How many Jamaicans speak like Americans ? " Watch the Volkswagen ad Coca-Cola ad - Race across the desert A Coca-Cola commercial featuring a race among outlaw cowboys , aggressive showgirls with glitter bombs and scavenging badlanders to reach a giant bottle of soda seems harmless enough . But it 's the lone Arab character leading his camels through the desert who is overtaken by the race participants that has at least one Arab-American group asking for the character to be edited out . Warren David , president of the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee told Reuters on Wednesday the commercial is racist . A Coca-Cola spokeswoman said the characters are a nod to movies of the past . There has n't been much reaction on Twitter . On Coke 's YouTube page , Mona M. said , "  I 'm Arab and I do n't find this racist only because I do n't allow myself or anyone to lower my people 's standards . I 'm smart enough to know that not every Arab is a Bedouin with a camel and not every American is a cowboy or show dancer ... . Now can we worry about more important things in life already ?!!! " Watch the Coca-Cola ad Mercedes-Benz ad - Blond bombshell washes car ... in slow motion The sexy , sudsy Kate Upton video for Mercedes-Benz that released last week gave audiences a peek at the direction the luxury carmaker was heading for the Super Bowl . On Wednesday , Mercedes released the full spot , which features Usher and Willem Dafoe in addition to Upton . Sadly for some , it contains fewer suds , but more fantasy . Watch the Mercedes-Benz ad Calvin Klein ad - It 's for underwear , right ? And while we 're talking about sexy , Calvin Klein 's preview featuring male model Matthew Terry prompted this response from YouTube viewer omgboyplex , "  Best . 16 seconds . ever . " Watch the Calvin Klein preview Audi ad - Kiss the prom queen Would a teen really go to the prom -- in a tuxedo -- by himself ? Probably not . But Super Bowl ads are definitely not about reality . This Audi commercial challenges viewers to "  Be Brave . It 's what defines us . " Oh , and by the way , you could end up with a black eye . But it 's totally worth it . Watch the Audi ad Toyota - Your wish is my command Kaley Cuoco struts around everyday America as a purple genie granting your spoken and unspoken wishes in this Toyota RAV4 commercial that pairs talking squirrels with space travel . Cuoco has been tweeting about the commercial , and although the hashtag #wishgranted has n't gotten much buzz ahead of Sunday 's game , at least one person wished for a hobbit plane . Watch the Toyota ad Budweiser - What 's in a name ? Beer + baby animals ? Budweiser launched a Twitter contest to name the Clydesdale foal that will be featured in its Super Bowl ad . The foal will be seven days old on the day of the big game . Not old enough to drink or vote , but we 're hoping old enough to refuse some of these suggested names : Harmonica , Buddakup and Frodo . Submit your vote Kia - The birds and the bees ... and a planet Speaking of baby animals and humans , this panicked dad tries to explain to his young son where babies come from by inventing an elaborate story about the planet Babylandia . In the end , he is saved by a feature in his Kia Sorento that plays music on demand . Watch the Kia Sorento ad GoDaddy - You might not want to watch with grandma Twitter user @renillawafer14 says her least favorite part of the Super Bowl is the "  slutty GoDaddy commercials where you just look around at your family like ... " Well Rennie , it 's not likely to be any less uncomfortable this year if these are really the commercials they are planning to air . Watch the GoDaddy commercial lineup	Some of this year 's Super Bowl ads are being previewed online Marketers try to gauge if it 's worth it to save the ads for the big game This year 's roundup : Sexy , snarky , sudsy
Cairo  CNN  -- Six months after the improbable revolt that toppled one of the world 's longest-serving rulers , protesters are once again camping in Cairo 's Tahrir Square to demand speedy change . The president they ousted , Hosni Mubarak , faces a possible death sentence if he survives a variety of ailments that have left him hospital-bound since April . The tourists who once flocked to the pyramids of Giza and the beaches of the Red Sea have yet to return , and the joblessness and poverty that fueled the protests is deeper than before . The result is a revolution that remains incomplete , with the coalition that formed in Tahrir Square splintering over different visions of a post-Mubarak future . But few dispute that the uprising launched on January 25 has changed an ancient nation in a fundamental way . "  I am optimistic about the future . We ca n't go back , " said Lillian Wagdy , a photographer who was taking part in the protests . "  The wall of fear has fallen , and the people will now demand their rights and stay on the streets . " And Fawaz Gerges , director of the Middle East Center at the London School of Economics , said Egyptians have undergone a "  psychological rapture " since the revolution . "  The psychology of the citizen has changed , " he said . "  Millions of voiceless people have regained their voices ... It 's changed the relationship between sons and fathers and fathers and daughters . " The protests lasted 18 days , growing despite clashes with police and pro-Mubarak gangs . The armed forces refused to intercede on Mubarak 's behalf , and he handed over power to a council of generals on February 11 . The generals suspended Egypt 's constitution and named a civilian caretaker government , but remain the final authority in Cairo . That 's one of the things that rankles the protesters who have made camp in Tahrir Square since a fresh round of protests in June . "  For me to leave Tahrir , the ruling generals need to listen to our demands and take action to ensure them , " said Mustafa Sadek , a 16-year-old high-school student taking part in the protests last week . "  We also want a clear schedule , a path to elections and reform . We want a plan that lays out the future . " Rajia Omran , a lawyer and human rights activist , said the revolution "  is n't going too bad . " But she said patience will be needed for months or even years to come . "  It will take 5 to 10 years to evaluate the revolution , " said Omran , whose group helped organize the first protests . "  Nobody can evaluate it now . Any evaluation now is premature . " With liberals , nationalists , leftists and Islamists now split over whether elections or constitutional reforms should come first , Gerges said the protesters are realizing an old lesson : "  Revolutions are messy . " But those debates are "  a healthy sign that civil society is still alive . " "  My worry is the cleavages are much deeper than we think , and the question is , will there be a government that will be able to govern in the next two or three years ? " Gerges said . "  If you do n't have a consensus on what the future is , you wo n't be able to govern . " Jumana Shehata , a former media consultant at the National Council for Human Rights , has been critical of the path the revolution has taken . She said secular political parties need more time to organize as a counterweight to the long-suppressed Muslim Brotherhood . "  Right now , the Muslim Brotherhood is the only strong party , and we need more diversity , " she said . But Gerges said the Brotherhood has its own divisions , with younger members "  closer to the nationalists and the liberals and the leftists than the old guard . " The military 's decision recent decision to delay parliamentary elections until November is a concession to the secular groups , said Shadi Hamid , an analyst at the Qatar-based branch of the Brookings Institution . Hamid said that vote "  will clarify matters , " demonstrating which of the competing factions "  have the support and capability to push things forward and challenge the military 's hold on power . " Shehata took part in the January protests at Tahrir Square and said most Egyptians still support the revolution , but are "  fed up " with the new demonstrations . "  I understand the chaos after a revolution , but I do n't see the people in Tahrir now as revolutionaries , " she said . And Hamid called the renewed protests a "  frightening turn " in post-revolutionary Egypt . "  More and more , the military staff is being portrayed as an enemy of democracy and an enemy of the transition , at least among the people in Tahrir Square , " Hamid said . Neither side appears willing to back down , "  and it increasingly looks like the interests of both sides are in some ways impossible to reconcile . " Egypt 's military has been the backbone of the state since 1952 , when Col. Gamal Abdel Nasser led a coup that toppled the country 's monarchy -- and the generals will likely try to keep much of that influence in any new government , said Nathan Brown , a Middle East analyst at George Washington University . "  There 's no question the military does not want to be responsible for collecting the trash and running the schools and the health-care system and the economy , which is a mess , " Brown told CNN . "  They do n't want civilian oversight when they do go back to the barracks , and they do n't want to lose a privileged position in Egyptian political and social life . " But that sort of privilege may be harder to come by in the new Egypt . During the March referendum on changes to the country 's constitution , Brown said , newspapers carried stories about VIPs who showed up at polling places where long lines had formed , expecting to be allowed to vote ahead of the hoi polloi . "  Every time this happened , they were told , ` Wait a minute , this is a different country now . You 've got to wait in line , ' " he said . "  It 's a less deferential , less hierarchical place than it used to be . " Hamid said the most realistic outcome is that the military will keep "  some control " over international affairs and defense policy in a new government , as well as its extensive economic interests . But he said the generals appear to be boxing in the debate over their own authority in advance . At the same time , Egyptians are awaiting a reckoning with Mubarak and some of the leading figures in his former regime . Mubarak and his ex-interior minster , Habib al-Adly , are accused of ordering police to use live ammunition on protesters -- a charge that could carry a death sentence upon conviction . Several other figures , including Mubarak 's two sons , face public corruption charges . And Wagdy said some of the generals need to be in the dock as well . "  The main generals were part of the Mubarak regime and part of the corruption , " she said . "  We need to dig into their files and prosecute them . " Gerges said the show trials that followed the 1952 coup "  did a great deal of damage to the whole question of justice , " and warned that similar treatment of Mubarak would be "  horrible for Egypt . " "  I do hope that the Egyptian judicial system and Egyptians resist the temptation for vengeance and give Mubarak and his cronies a day in court and due process , " he said . And Shehata said what Egypt needs is a process like South Africa 's post-apartheid Truth and Reconciliation Commission , in which those responsible for human rights abuses became eligible for amnesty if they came forward and testified truthfully about their actions . "  I do n't believe it is right to call everyone who worked in the old regime as corrupt , " she said . "  You either agree in the system and let the law decide about the people , or you take matters into your own hands and act like they are acting . " This story is based on reporting done by journalist Ian Lee in Cairo , Egypt , and CNN 's Matt Smith in Atlanta , Georgia , who wrote it .	"  Any evaluation now is premature , " a human rights lawyer tells CNN Protesters in Tahrir Square are calling for speedier reforms The new Egypt is a "  less deferential , " more outspoken place , observers say Some worry that interests of military , protesters ca n't be reconciled
CNN  -- When you click on nude pictures of celebrities or ISIS videos of beheadings , you 're part of the problem . At the very least , you 're complicit in the moral crime committed by those who post such pictures or videos . At worst , you 're actively perpetuating the incentives behind posting such things in the first place . Want to be a responsible and considerate human being ? Then for crying out loud , do n't click on those things ! This week hackers released what they say are nude pictures of celebrity women , including Kim Kardashian , Vanessa Hudgens , Rihanna and Mary-Kate Olsen . These photos came on the heels of other leaked nude photos , also of celebrity women , which must have gotten enough attention to make the hackers want to do it again . Opinion : Who 's at fault over nude photo hack ? A week before , ISIS posted another video claiming to show the beheading of a British aid worker . The video -- mind you , not just its existence but people actually seeing it -- fueled the same sort of revenge mindset in Britain that previous such videos fueled in the United States . President Obama himself has noted that the videos in which ISIS beheads American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff "  resulted in the American public 's quickly backing military action . " Yesterday , another such video was posted of ISIS supporters in Algeria beheading a French tourist . Media outlets have struggled with whether to broadcast photos and videos that are on the one hand newsworthy -- and incidentally , salacious and thus , traffic-generating -- but on the other hand may perpetuate the harm or offense committed in the first place . For instance , CNN did n't air the Foley video , opting instead to show only a few images and audio . Some news organizations , however , were less restrained . Speaking with Brian Stelter on "  Reliable Sources " about the latest ISIS video showing British journalist James Cantlie speaking in captivity , CNN International managing director Tony Maddox said , "  We know that ISIS wanted us to show it . And if we 're in a situation where ISIS wants us to show anything , we should think really carefully about any way we can avoid doing that . " Let that sink in for a moment : ISIS wants you to watch those videos . The hackers who stole the celebrity pictures want you to look at them . When you click , you 're doing precisely what the bad guys want you to do . Opinion : Will ISIS brutality backfire ? This summer , I gave a TED Talk about the changing landscape of American media and how we the consumers are becoming the new editors . Because online traffic performance drives media in the digital age , our clicks matter more than ever before . I used to think writing essays like this or going on television is a public act of making media , but that browsing the Web at home , clicking on this and that , is a private act of consuming media . Wrong . Clicking is a public act of making media because it feeds what gets attention . Your clicks matter . I imagine that most Americans would n't buy things they knew had been stolen out of someone else 's home . Is n't clicking on stolen photos the same thing ? Or worse ? The Guardian 's Van Badham writes that clicking on or sharing stolen celebrity nude photos is "  an act of sexual violation " that in effect perpetuates the abuse of the theft in the first place . The Daily Beast 's Marlow Stern writes that some actively spreading the pictures online feel so entitled to violate these celebrity women 's privacy that they imply the celebrities might have leaked the pictures themselves -- as though all the slut-shaming and misogyny would be an enjoyable PR boost . Opinion : Keep nude photos offline ? Here 's another idea Let 's be clear , even if you are n't the scuz-bucket making rape jokes in chat rooms , just by curiously clicking on these nude celebrity pictures you 're giving the hackers attention and the publishers traffic . You 're basically encouraging them to keep doing it . By the same token , I know most Americans would never want to support or encourage the murderous ISIS extremists . But does public obsession with and outrage around ISIS beheading videos do just that ? Analyzing the political and psychological motives for beheadings , the Boston Globe 's Jeff Jacoby writes , "  Clearly the terrorists relish the horror beheading evokes in America and other Western democracies . " Beheading Americans naturally provokes that very human reaction . Still , if we had only heard about Foley and Sotloff being beheaded , would it have generated the same attention and outrage ? Or was it the videos , or even just the still images from the videos , that incited and inflamed our anger ? According to a recent Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll , in 2013 , 78 % of Americans had heard about the Supreme Court 's Obamacare decision , 77 % of Americans were aware of the debt ceiling fight in Congress , and 79 % of Americans had heard about the alleged use of chemical weapons by Bashar al-Assad 's regime in Syria . But fully 94 % of Americans were aware that ISIS killed James Foley . How much is the tail of these deeply vile and upsetting videos wagging the dog of our emotions and prompting us to military action ? In my TED Talk , I said that clicking on a train wreck "  just pours gasoline on it and makes it worse . " The result ? "  Our whole culture gets burned . " If in our new media-driven universe , what gets the most clicks wins , "  we have to shape the world we want with our clicks . " The good news there is that you -- yes you -- have the power as just one individual to decide what we see more of or what we see less of in the media ; to discourage disgusting videos and pictures and encourage positive , productive media coverage . That is an incredible and important power . Use it wisely . Click responsibly .	Sally Kohn : Do n't click on nude photos of celebrities or ISIS videos of beheadings Kohn : When you click on those thing , you 're encouraging the hackers and terrorists She says the new stories we click on affect media coverage , which want online traffic Kohn : Consumers have an important power - use it wisely , click responsibly
CNN  -- In her debut film , "  Slumdog Millionaire , " Freida Pinto won plaudits for her portrayal of a girl from the slums groomed for a life of prostitution . Off screen the Hollywood actress is now lending her voice to save other girls from that very same fate . Pinto , 28 , is an ambassador for Plan USA 's Because I Am A Girl campaign , a narrator on the ground-breaking documentary film Girl Rising , which debuted on CNN , and shared a stage with United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki Moon at the launch of the World Bank 's campaign to empower girls and women around the world . The focus of all these campaigns is making sure girls receive an education , no matter where they live or what their background . Pinto 's passion for education stems from her mother and grandmother , who were both teachers in India . "  My mum still follows her dreams , " she told CNN . "  She just retired as a schoolteacher , but she always had a dream of continuing teaching children , but this time more underprivileged children . And she 's living out her dream . It 's really inspirational . " She added : "  My grandma was also a teacher , so I guess education , and the importance of education and how it really shapes and transforms lives , was something that was engrained in my system from the very beginning . " Pinto , raised in a middle class family in Mumbai , broke into acting at the age of 22 when director Danny Boyle picked her for the role of Latika in the film "  Slumdog Millionaire " , released in 2008 . The film won best film in the Oscars , Golden Globes and BAFTAs . Pinto was nominated for a BAFTA as best supporting actress . She now lives in Los Angeles with her Slumdog co-star Dev Patel , and has since starred in films including Woody Allen 's "  You will meet a tall dark stranger , " "  Rise of the planet of the apes , " alongside Antonios Banderos in "  Day of the Falcon " and Michael Winterbottom 's "  Trishna , " an interpretation of Tess of the D'Urbervilles , set in modern-day India . Originally from Mumbai , some have criticized Pinto for neglecting Bollywood , but she argues that her two films set in India portray her native country as well as any . "  They are just hardcore Indian stories and there 's no denying it , " she said . "  It 's kind of silly to just make this whole Hollywood/Bollywood such a big debate when actually it should be about the stories that are coming from that part of the world . "  My two Indian films for many do n't count as Bollywood , which is fine . But at least they 're Indian international films and I 'm proud of that . " Pinto has criticized the "  male-dominated " world of film , calling for more female writers and directors to help bring more strong female characters for women of all ages . "  The only way to cure that problem is to have more female writers and more female directors , " she said . "  There will be a different perspective when you have women writers and women directors . There is sometimes a misconception that a female director ca n't really tackle manly issues and definitely Kathryn Bigelow proves them wrong . " So would she get behind the camera herself ? "  I believe that I 'm on my way to becoming a producer because there are so many stories that I read that I 'm so inspired by , " says Pinto . "  I do n't necessarily see myself in them as an actor , but I 'd like them to see the light of day . So if I can help in producing that project , in collaborating with someone else , that 's another way for me to feel that in my so called male-dominated industry there is still a female voice . " Pinto closed her Facebook account in 2009 after receiving "  unpleasant intrusions " , but has just launched a new page , posting on education and social justice alongside photos from her travels . "  I begin a new journey with this Facebook page , " she wrote in her opening post . "  I feel like there has been a shift in consciousness in the last couple of years where all of us have become more curious to know what is happening in the world today . " Pinto 's next film , "  Desert Dancer , " due out later this year , tells the true story of an Iranian dancer who risked his life for his dream after dancing was banned in the country . After that , she 's not short on ambitions , reeling off a list from Chinese director Wong Kar Wai to Ang Lee , best known for "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon " , that she 'd love to work with . "  There are so many , I 'm glad I 'm just 28 with hopefully a long career ahead of me and I can keep knocking them off one-by-one , off my list . "	Frieda Pinto 's first film was the Oscar-winning "  Slumdog Millionaire " She campaigns for girls ' education Pinto says the film industry needs more female writers and directors Actress sees a future working behind the camera
CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Tuesday will sign an executive order outlining standards that companies operating critical infrastructure should follow to protect from cyberattacks , a source informed of the planning told CNN . The order will also include an information-sharing provision to enable data exchange between the private sector and the government , the source said . Obama has been considering such an order since last year , after Congress failed to move forward on cybersecurity legislation . Administration officials have said that the failure to pass legislation has given the executive branch the incentive to fill in the gap with an executive order . The administration still wants the Department of Homeland Security to regulate critical infrastructure and for Congress to pass legislation , the source said .	The order will provide standards for companies operating critical infrastructure It also aims to enable data exchange between the private sector and the government Source says the administration still wants Congress to pass cybersecurity legislation
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Thirty years after Chinese officials instituted the country 's controversial one-child population control policy , lawmakers in one of China 's largest cities are weighing a one-dog policy for pet owners . Officials in Shanghai are considering new rules that would allow individual households only one dog because of limited living space in the densely populated city , the state-run China Daily newspaper reported Thursday . Under the proposed law , dog owners would be required to neuter their dogs , give away their puppies to adopters or send them to government-approved adoption agencies by the time they are three months old , China Daily said . Read more of CNN 's China coverage Other Chinese cities have similar policies , the newspaper reported , including Guangzhou and Chengdu . If passed , Shanghai 's new law would go into effect next year . Violators of the law would face fines up to 1,000 yuan , China Daily said . In 2008 , government statistics recorded 18.9 million people living in Shanghai , with 2,978 residents per square kilometer of land . Official figures showed there were about 800,000 pet dogs in the city and about 100,000 dog attack incidents annually , according to China Daily . But local pet lovers told the newspaper the proposed policy could be hard to enforce , and could put animals at risk . In September , officials said they planned to continue China 's 30-year one-child policy , which limits most Chinese couples to one child . China Daily reported that an estimated 400 million births have been prevented by the policy , according to official statistics . Some Chinese couples -- such as those who are both only children , or some who live in rural areas -- have been allowed more than one child . Some critics have urged Beijing to relax the policy , saying it has skewed China 's population and that better-off families have been able to bribe officials into allowing them more children .	The rules would limit households to owning one dog because of limited living space The proposed law requires owners to neuter their dogs or put their puppies up for adoption Government statistics show 18.9 million people and 800,000 pet dogs living in Shanghai
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter could turn to former U.S. secretary of state Henry Kissinger to help clean up soccer 's world governing body . Blatter was the only candidate in Wednesday 's election held in Zurich , Switzerland and was duly returned to serve another four-year term . The ballot was held among a storm of corruption allegations against the organization which saw Blatter 's only rival , Mohamed Bin Hammam , suspended by FIFA 's Ethics Committee on bribery charges . The Qatari subsequently dropped out of the presidential race . Blatter re-elected as FIFA president After his re-election Blatter vowed to put "  FIFA 's ship back on the right course in clear , transparent waters " and former Nobel Peace prize winner Kissinger could now be approached to head up a new ` Solutions Committee ' . The Swiss also said former Dutch legend Johan Cruyff could be a part of his bid to clean up FIFA 's reputation after weeks of negative headlines . PR guru Max Clifford : How to rescue FIFA At a press conference Blatter told reporters : "  This will be a commission of the wise . Kissinger loves football : he 'll be part of it . "  And Cruyff , he 's the perfect personality to help us in this solution commission . " Kissinger , 88 , served under former U.S. presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford and has been used in an advisory capacity by several governments since . He attended the 2006 World Cup in Germany and is thought to be friends with the FIFA president . Kissinger 's spokeswoman Jessee Leporin was quoted by AFP as saying : "  Although Dr. Kissinger has not yet received a formal request , he did receive an exploratory letter from FIFA president Blatter , inviting him to join a committee . " Blatter vowed to reform FIFA in the wake of bribery scandals that engulfed the election process . Two FIFA executive members were suspended after they allegedly sold their votes for the 2018 and 2022 World Cup . Bin Hammam and FIFA vice-president Jack Warner were then suspended just days before the election after they were deemed to have paid bribes to officials . Never mind Saint Sepp , the system is to blame Blatter himself was cleared by the Ethics Committee after it was alleged he had also offered financial incentives to FIFA delegates . Warner then released an email from FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke in which he claimed Qatar "  bought " the 2022 World Cup . Qatar denied the claims and Valcke insisted his comments were misconstrued . FIFA 's sponsors , who contribute a large part of their financial income , Coca-Cola , Adidas , Emirates and Visa , then voiced their concern about the ongoing corruption allegations . After Blatter 's re-election FIFA voted through changes proposed by the president to alter the process they use to decide the host nations for future World Cups . He later told a press conference in Zurich : "  We have now instruments needed to restart the credibility of FIFA . "  When it comes to words from the beginning I have set the tone for this congress and I want the congress to know and to understand that we are in a situation which needs not only words as well as action in order to counter all these attacks . "  We have been hit ; I have been slapped , we are -LSB- still -RSB- standing and we will no longer be slapped . We have created the necessary means to react against what we have fallen short of , so they say . "	FIFA president Sepp Blatter lines up Henry Kissinger for reform role Former U.S. secretary of state could help clean up soccer 's world governing body Blatter was re-elected to serve a fourth term as president on Wednesday FIFA has been rocked by corruption allegations in recent weeks
STOCKHOLM , Sweden  CNN  -- Bjorn Ulvaeus was one half of the songwriting genius behind Swedish pop legend ABBA . After the band split up in 1982 Ulvaeus turned his talents to writing musicals , including "  Mamma Mia , " now a blockbuster movie . Bjorn Ulvaeus on the ABBA phenomenon : "  I 'm amazed how this could happen . I 'm just grateful and humble . " He took My City_My Life on a tour of his home town of Stockholm and talked about his past and future as pop royalty . CNN : What is the secret of ABBA 's success ? Bjorn Ulvaeus : I think the secret behind the fact that our songs are still around and that ABBA became so big is a lot of factors together . But one of them was definitely that we put so much effort into song writing . We hardly ever toured , we just wrote and wrote and produced the records over a period of seven or eight years . So it 's the songs , plus I think the two girls , the voices -- the blend was unique and very special . CNN : Where did get the inspiration for your songs ? BU : Well mostly in song writing my experience is that there is n't so much inspiration as hard work . You sit there for hours , days and weeks with a guitar and piano until something good comes . But the urge to write is something you have to have . A conviction , an ambition to write and never stop until you think , "  This is the best I can do . " Watch Bjorn Ulvaeus take CNN on a tour of Stockholm " CNN : What drives you ? BU : In my career the push has always been to take another step , to try something new . That means that after ABBA , when we split up in 1982 , we were onto writing a musical -LSB- "  Chess " -RSB- because we had n't done that before . CNN : How do you feel about working in the theater ? BU : Every time I sit in the audience and watch a show that I have been involved with , it is such an amazing feeling to see all those people around me , knowing they are actually watching and enjoying something I have written . That is such a feeling of pure joy that never goes away and that 's why I guess I 'm so attracted to work in the theater . CNN : How did "  Mamma Mia ! The Movie " come about ? BU : When you have a big hit on the West End and on Broadway with a musical , as we had with "  Mamma Mia , " there is always the question , "  when are you going to do the movie ? " Some people say you should n't do it until the actual stage musical is on its last legs , but I do n't think that matters . We had been on Broadway for seven or eight years and eight or nine in the West End and we thought now is the time to make that movie . CNN : How has Stockholm changed over the years ? BU : A city like Stockholm , being so dynamic and following trends , develops all the time . It 's gradually changing but you can hardly see that . It is changing in a very healthy way that cities should change . CNN : How would you describe Stockholm in a few words ? BU : Stockholm is unique in the world in that it 's built on , I think , 14 islands . There are so many bridges and it does n't have any high-rise buildings to speak of . It 's quite spread out and open and airy with lots of parks . See photos of Bjorn Ulvaeus in Stockholm " CNN : Let 's talk about the cultural scene in Stockholm . BU : There is a very vibrant cultural scene in Stockholm . There are lots of places where there are concerts and there are loads of museums and theaters . There is everything really , and eventually there is going to be an ABBA museum as well . CNN : When will that happen ? BU : I do n't know -- I like to be arm 's length when it comes to a museum about oneself . Other people should do that . CNN : That 's quite a Swedish trait ... BU : A lot of Swedes are quite modest and unassuming . I think that 's actually the closest you can get to a national trait , if there is one . CNN : How does it feel that people from different generations are still enjoying ABBA songs ? BU : In a way I 'm kind of a bystander looking at this phenomenon that is ABBA , which is still around , and that I thought would be finished in 1981 and forgotten . I 'm amazed how this could happen and I do n't know why it happened . I 'm just grateful and humble . I just sit back and enjoy . CNN : What would you like your legacy to be ? BU : I would like for my children to feel that what I left behind was something that I did whole heartedly and with honesty , and something that was the best I could do and hopefully that they too can enjoy .	Bjorn Ulvaeus is half of the songwriting pair behind Swedish pop legend ABBA He lives in Stockholm , which he describes as being "  dynamic " and trendy Ulvaeus thought ABBA would be forgotten and is "  amazed " by its popularity An ABBA museum is being planned for Stockholm
CNN  -- Two former Navy SEALs who were among four Americans killed last week in an attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , died after rushing to the aid of their colleagues , according to sources familiar with the incident . Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods were in Benghazi as part of a security contractor force . On September 11 , they were ensconced in the safety of an annex location in another part of the city when they got word that the main consulate building was under fire and the diplomats there -- with an armed force of only nine people -- were overwhelmed by the deteriorating situation . Doherty and Woods , along with other security personnel , left the secure annex and made their way to the chaotic scene , rounding up the consulate staff who were under attack and guiding them back to the second safe building . Their grim task also included recovering the body of computer expert Sean Smith , who had succumbed to smoke inhalation from a fire ignited by the attackers . The sources said diesel fuel was used to set the fire and the thick , black smoke created by the accelerant added to the confusion on the ground . U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens , who had gone missing during the attack , was not among those evacuated . He was later reported dead . The State Department has not released details about how Stevens died , though numerous media reports have said the ambassador was taken from the consulate to Benghazi Medical Center by locals . After arriving back at the annex , the incident was far from over for the security team , which included Woods and Doherty . An attack was launched on the annex -- this one more intense than the initial assault on the main building . Military officials in Benghazi told CNN that rocket-propelled grenades were among the heavy firepower used by the attackers at the annex , with one official saying mortars were also fired . "  It was during that  second attack  that two additional U.S. personnel were killed and two others were wounded , " a senior administration official said last week in providing details of the attack . Those two victims were later confirmed to be Doherty and Woods . The men were remembered last week during a transfer-of-remains ceremony attended by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama . Doherty grew up in Massachusetts with a passion for the outdoors . He served two tours of duty in Iraq , starting with the U.S. invasion in 2003 , before leaving the military in 2005 . He then became a private security contractor , working in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Yemen . A diplomatic source told CNN that Doherty was in Libya to search for shoulder-fired anti-aircraft missiles -- a mission given high priority after the fall of longtime Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi . Woods , a registered nurse and certified paramedic , served multiple tours in Iraq and Afghanistan . After retiring from the Navy , he worked in diplomatic security in posts from Central America to the Middle East . "  Four Americans , four patriots , they loved their country and chose to serve it and serve it well , " Obama said . "  They had a mission and they believed in it , and they knew the danger and they accepted it . They did n't simply embrace the American ideal , they lived it , they embodied it : the courage , the hope and , yes , the idealism . " CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report from Benghazi , Libya .	Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods were part of a security team that rushed to scene of consulate attack After they made their way back to a safe location , they came under fire They were among four Americans killed last week in Benghazi
CNN  -- Shandong Province High People 's Court in eastern China is set to deliver the results of the appeal of convicted former Communist party senior Bo Xilai this Friday , October 25 , the court announced on its website on Monday . Under Chinese law , appellate judges can decide non-capital cases behind closed doors after consulting with both sides . The Chinese high court agreed to hear the appeal on October 8 after Bo Xilai was sentenced to life in prison for bribe-taking , as well as 15 years for embezzlement and seven years for abuse of power after he was convicted in September . China 's Bo Xilai : From rising star to scandal During the politically sensitive trial , which took place over several days in August , Bo , 64 , denied the charges and strongly challenged the prosecution 's case against him , according to accounts published by the Jinan Intermediate People 's Court . Bo 's glittering career , during which he drew both admirers and detractors for his populist policies , fell apart last year . The son of a revolutionary veteran , Bo rose to power as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and member of the Politburo , the powerful policy-making body of the Communist Party . He had been tipped to ascend farther up the party hierarchy . From Gang of Four to Bo Xilai : Reporting from China 's ` show trials ' A charismatic and urbane politician , Bo was credited with a spectacular , albeit brutal , crackdown on organized crime during his time as the top party official of Chongqing , a metropolis in southwestern China . But when his deputy , Wang Lijun , walked into the U.S. Consulate in the city of Chengdu in February 2012 and told American diplomats that Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , was involved in a murder case , Bo 's career began to unravel . Timeline : Bo Xilai 's fall from grace Wang 's move precipitated Bo 's political demise . Soon after news of the events began to emerge , Bo was removed from his party posts . The trial brought to light a wealth of eye-opening details about the apparently lavish and emotionally fraught life of his family and inner circle , giving Chinese people insights into how some of the ruling elite live . CNN 's Steven Jiang in Beijing contributed to this report .	Shandong Province High People 's Court to deliver results of appeal in Bo Xilai case Under Chinese law , appellate judges can decide non-capital cases behind closed doors During the trial , Bo , 64 , denied the charges and strongly challenged the case against him Bo was sentenced to life for bribe-taking , 15 years for embezzlement and seven years for abuse of power
CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II was discharged Monday from a London hospital , where she was treated for symptoms of gastroenteritis . The 86-year-old monarch had been taken to King Edward VII 's Hospital on Sunday morning "  as a precautionary measure , " a Buckingham Palace spokesman said , speaking with customary anonymity . The queen smiled as she left the hospital Monday . It was the first time the queen had been hospitalized in a decade . Her official engagements for the week were postponed or canceled Sunday . Elizabeth had already canceled a planned trip to Wales on Saturday after showing symptoms of the illness , Buckingham Palace said . Five things to know about gastroenteritis Gastroenteritis is an inflammation of the lining of the stomach and intestines . Though commonly known as "  stomach flu , " it is not caused by the influenza virus , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The illness is usually caused by a virus and passed from person to person , said Dr. Corey Siegel , a gastroenterologist and professor at Dartmouth College 's Geisel School of Medicine . But it can also be caused by bacteria , either foodborne or personally transmitted , he said . The bug usually has to run its course . But doctors often give hospitalized elderly patients intravenous fluids to prevent dehydration , which can lead to kidney problems , Siegel said . Queen 's illness : Concern behind the castle walls Elizabeth celebrated her 60th anniversary on the throne in 2012 and turns 87 in April . She was last hospitalized in 2003 for knee surgery . Her husband , the 92-year-old Prince Philip , was hospitalized three times between December 2011 and August 2012 -- once for treatment of a blocked coronary artery and twice for a bladder infection . Get the latest news from CNN.com CNN 's Richard Quest , Elizabeth Cohen , Per Nyberg and Max Foster contributed to this report .	NEW : Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II is now out of King Edward VII 's Hospital Gastroenteritis is an inflammation of the lining of the stomach and intestines The illness can cause dehydration and kidney problems in the elderly , a doctor says Elizabeth II was hospitalized "  as a precautionary measure , " Buckingham Palace says
CNN  -- Rapper Fat Joe and others in his entourage were briefly detained and questioned early Monday after a woman reported an alleged sexual assault , Madison , Wisconsin , police said . The 33-year-old Madison woman called police with a complaint of "  inappropriate touching " after Fat Joe -- whose real name is Joseph Cartagena -- performed at the city 's Orpheum Theater Sunday night , a police report said . Cartagena 's lawyer said the woman was a "  pretender groupie " who was attempting to "  shake down " the rapper for money . Shortly after the concert ended , the woman "  found herself inside of a Cadillac Limousine with Joseph Cartagena and other male subjects all with the destination of a hotel located on Madison 's west side , " the police report said . The address listed by police is on the University of Wisconsin campus , a half mile from the theater . "  There were allegations of inappropriate touching involving the female , and after some time had elapsed , the female reported this matter to Madison Police , " the report said . Cartagena and the others in his entourage were released after they were questioned , but the investigation continued , police said . Attorney Dawn Florio issued a statement Tuesday about what she said were "  false allegations made by a woman who initially posed as a fan and later claimed to be the victim of an assault after demanding money . " "  At no point did Mr. Cartagena or any member of his entourage assault or have any improper contact with the woman , " Florio said . "  It is truly unfortunate that false allegations such as these cause the public to doubt the claims of actual victims of sexual assaults . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Police detained , questioned Fat Joe , entourage Woman said she "  found herself " in Fat Joe 's limo Incident followed rapper 's show in Madison , Wisconsin Rapper 's lawyer calls woman a "  groupie pretender "
CNN  -- Despite everything you may have read , seen or heard in the past few years , there are principles and policies that unite Americans rather than divide us . One of these is our belief in the golden rule -- especially when it comes to everyone 's freedom to earn a living . It 's a nearly universal belief among American voters that all people should be allowed to compete equitably for jobs and be judged only on their skills , experience and performance . In the coming weeks , the U.S. Senate is expected to vote on just this . Fortunately , there is overwhelming bipartisan momentum -- on Capitol Hill and out in the grassroots -- in favor of treating all employees the same . In a majority of states it is still perfectly legal to fire people solely based on their sexual orientation or gender identity . And nearly eight out of 10 voters mistakenly believe it is illegal under federal law to fire or refuse to hire someone because they are gay or transgender . Earlier this month , Project Right Side and Americans for Workplace Opportunity commissioned TargetPoint Consulting to conduct a survey to gauge voter support for the Employment Nondiscrimination Act , a bill that extends workplace protections to gay and transgender employees . The poll found strong bipartisan support for this legislation -- including that of a majority of Republicans . The poll interviewed 2,000 registered voters and was conducted September 3-8 . Among voters nationwide , 68 % support the protections offered by ENDA . Among Republican respondents , 56 % backed ENDA . Such overwhelming support is a testament to the conservative values at the heart of the proposed law , which would ensure all hardworking Americans are treated the same -- that all are judged in the workplace based on their merits and performance -- nothing more , nothing less . In addition to the poll , we used a state-of-the-art modeling technique to estimate attitudes toward workplace protections in all 50 states . Our findings : A majority in every state favor a federal law protecting gay and transgender employees . Support rises above 60 % in many states , including Arkansas , Arizona , New Hampshire , Nevada and Pennsylvania . Our polling found that 80 % of voters believe that "  people should n't be fired from their jobs solely because of their sexual orientation or gender identity , " while an even stronger 88 % agreed that companies should "  hire and fire based solely on a person 's qualifications not quotas . " These core beliefs are why so many of America 's blue chip companies have long recognized the importance of fostering open workplaces . Nearly 90 % of Fortune 500 companies have nondiscrimination policies covering sexual orientation , while nearly 60 % have policies covering gender identity . Why ? They do it because it is fundamentally the right thing to do , but their leaders will also tell you this allows them to be competitive in the labor market by attracting the best talent regardless of how they live their private lives . This is n't just smart policy -- it 's also smart politics . Although many Republicans still struggle to embrace the freedom to marry , there is a clear consensus within the GOP that all Americans be protected in the workplace . An overwhelming majority of Republicans , 86 % , believe "  everyone has a right to earn a living including gay , lesbian and transgender Americans . " Similarly , 86 % of Republicans agree that "  we should all follow the Golden Rule and treat others as we 'd like to be treated , including gay , lesbian and transgender Americans . " These , along with majority support for ENDA , underscore the vastness of the coalition supporting this important reform . Republicans are demonstrating leadership to ensure basic workplace protections for all Americans . Earlier this summer , Republican Sens. Mark Kirk of Illinois , Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Orrin Hatch of Utah were part of a bipartisan vote that advanced ENDA out of committee and to the full Senate . Following the committee vote , Hatch said , "  I voted for it because it prohibits discrimination that should not occur in the workplace , it protects the rights of religious entities , and minimizes legal burdens on employers . " Treating others as we would like to be treated is a fundamental conservative value . This basic tenant of American life is at the heart of workplace protections that will build and strengthen both the country and our competitive enterprises . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Lundry .	Poll finds 80 % of voters think nobody should be fired for being gay or transgender Alex Lundry : Proposed law would extend workplace protection to LGBT people Lundry : It 's smart policy and smart politics for Republican leaders to support Treating others as we would like to be treated is a conservative value , he says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Officials in the United States are looking into the recent arrest of an Iranian-American student in Tehran who was working on a research project on women 's rights in Iran . Esha Momeni was arrested October 15 in Tehran , Iran , officials said . Esha Momeni , a graduate student at California State University-Northridge , was arrested October 15 in Tehran for unlawfully passing another vehicle while driving , according to Change For Equality , an Iranian women 's movement . "  We 're seeking additional information about this case , " State Department spokesman Robert Wood said Wednesday . "  We stand with all those in Iran who are working for universal human rights and justice in their countries . " Momeni , who was born in Los Angeles , California , is a member of Change for Equality 's California chapter . She arrived in Tehran two months ago to work on her masters thesis project on the Iranian women 's movement , according to the group , which is in touch with Momeni 's family in Iran . Momeni is being held in a section of Tehran 's notorious Evin Prison that is managed by the Intelligence Ministry , the group said . Evin Prison houses many Iranian dissidents and political prisoners , and it is where four Iranian-Americans were held for several months last year . All have been released . Iranian officials had promised Momeni 's family that she would be immediately released if the news of her arrest was not published , the organization said . "  While Esha 's friends and colleagues were insistent about announcing the news of her arrest immediately , based on requests from her family this news was announced with delay , " Change for Equality said on its Web site . Momeni 's parents decided to release the information after they went to Iran 's Revolutionary Court on Sunday -- five days after her arrest -- to inquire about her case , and they were told not to return until the investigation into her case has been completed , according to Change for Equality . The Momeni family returned to Iran after the 1979 Islamic revolution , but Esha had gone back to the United States several years ago to study for her masters degree , according to a blog post from her journalism professor , Melissa Wall . A separate blog calling for her release  for-esha . blogspot.com  has been established and includes an interview with Wall , who describes her student as "  an exceptionally bright person , very creative and artistic . " She calls herself "  shocked " to hear of Momeni 's arrest . "  I 'm aware that such things happen in Iran , but I 'm confident that they have nothing to fear from Esha 's research project , " Wall said . "  It is simply an academic exercise , not meant for publication outside of academic circles . I can not image why she should be held in detention . " On her personal blog , Wall said , "  She is a videographer who was simply interviewing Iranian women . She has broken no laws , has not done anything wrong . "	Esha Momeni was was working on her thesis on women 's rights in Iran She was arrested for unlawfully passing another vehicle while driving October 15 Momeni is being held in Tehran 's notorious Evin Prison News of arrest withheld because family was told she would be released
CNN  -- The mother-in-law of a 25-year-old woman found dead in a septic system provided investigators with details where the corpse was located , police said Wednesday . The mother-in-law , Sandra Inman , along with the woman 's estranged husband , William Inman Jr. , and the woman 's father-in-law , William Inman Sr. , were arrested and face kidnapping charges . Logan , Ohio Police Chief Aaron Miller said the body of Summer Inman was discovered in a septic system behind a church in nearby Nelsonville , Ohio on Tuesday . He said officers had to unscrew the system 's cover before reaching the body . "  It would appear that she was killed very quickly , " Miller told reporters . He did not provide further details . Summer Inman 's abduction and the arrests connected to her case have made national news recently . The mother of three was working as part of a cleaning crew at a local bank on March 22 , police said . When she stepped outside , she was grabbed and forced into a white vehicle . Miller said that the evidence suggests all three suspects played a role in the kidnapping , but he would not discuss whether they were involved in the apparent murder . Summer Inman and William Inman Jr. were married in 2004 but the couple was separated , CNN affiliate WBNS reported . Summer Inman had also filed for divorce and claimed in court documents that her husband had threatened to kill her if she took his children away , the affiliate reported .	NEW : The mother-in-law provided details where the corpse was located , police say NEW : The body of Summer Inman was discovered in a septic system behind a church Police have arrested the woman 's estranged husband , mother-in-law and father-in-law
Cape Town , South Africa  CNN  -- It was supposed to be an ordinary night out with friends for 20-year-old Zukiswa Gaca but it ended with her lying on a railway track attempting to take her own life . Gaca was at a bar , drinking with friends in Khayelitsha township , less than 40 kilometers outside Cape Town , South Africa , when a man tried to ask her out . "  I told the guy that no I 'm a lesbian so I do n't date guys and then he said to me , ` no I understand . I 've got friends that are lesbians , that 's cool , I do n't have a problem with that . ' " Gaca says he was nice and she trusted him , and they left the bar to go to the home of one of his friends , and that is where his friendly exterior turned nasty . "  He said to me , ` you know what ? I hate lesbians and I 'm about to show you that you are not a man , as you are treating yourself like a man , ' " she told CNN . "  I tried to explain ` I 'm not a man . I never said I 'm a man , I 'm just a lesbian ' . And he said , ' I will show you that I am a man and I have more power than you . ' " Then he raped her , she says , as his friend watched . Gaca said : " -LSB- Afterwards -RSB- I went to the railway train road , because I was suicidal at the time . I was lying on the tracks . I think the train was 100 meters away from where I was . Then some other guy came and grabbed me . The train passed . He called the police . " It is called "  corrective rape " - where men force themselves on lesbians , believing it will change their sexual orientation . The extent of the problem is hard to know as South African police do not compile corrective rape statistics separately from other rape cases . But human rights groups in the country -- where gay rights are constitutionally protected -- are outraged . Cherith Sanger , of the Women 's Legal Centre in Cape Town , which provides legal support for rape victims who can not afford good lawyers , said : "  We believe that corrective rape warrants greater recognition on the basis that there are multiple grounds of discrimination . "  It 's not just about a woman being raped in terms of violence against women , which is bad enough , but it 's also got to do with sexual orientation so it 's another ground or level of unfair discrimination leveled against lesbians . " It was not the first time Gaca had been raped . She says she ran away from her home village , in the rural Eastern Cape , after the first rape when she was 15 years old and too afraid to press charges . She says running was easier than dealing with a community that did n't accept lesbians . She moved to Khayelitsha Township , a sprawling shanty town near Cape Town , Africa 's "  gay capital " where she hoped to find tolerance . Instead , she was confronted by more hate . "  Being a lesbian in Khayelitsha is like you are being treated like an animal , like some kind of an alien or something , " she said . While there are no official statistics on corrective rape , there have been enough publicly reported incidents to spark widespread alarm . This time Gaca is fighting back . New York-based Human Rights Watch recently conducted interviews in six of South Africa 's nine provinces and concluded : "  Social attitudes towards homosexual , bisexual , and transgender people in South Africa have possibly hardened over the last two decades . The abuse they face on an everyday basis may be verbal , physical , or sexual -- and may even result in murder . " The group added : "  This is a far cry from the promise of equality and non-discrimination on the basis of ` sexual orientation ' contained in the country 's constitution . " Most known victims , like Gaca , are poor and black and so are the perpetrators , prompting many to ask how a people who fought against discrimination during apartheid can today treat some of its most vulnerable in such a violent manner . Siphokazi Mthathi , South African director at Human Rights Watch , said : "  We 've failed to make it understood that there is a price for rape . Sexism is still deeply embedded here . There is still a strong sense among men that they have power over women , women 's bodies and there 's also a strong sense that there 's not going to be consequences because most often there are no consequences . " Interpol estimates that half of South African women will be raped in their lifetime . But corrective rape is not even recognized as a hate crime and rights groups say few victims report their cases to the police . But Gaca did . In many African countries being gay is illegal . In South Africa , those entrusted with enforcing the country 's "  tolerant laws " now stand accused of re-traumatizing victims . "  When a woman is raped she is re-raped by the system and for me this is a big thing because it 's a serious violation of our constitution and the duties that are placed on the state in terms of what the state needs to do for survivors , " Sanger said . CNN saw the treatment meted out to survivors firsthand with Gaca as she trekked from police station to police station trying to first find , and then get answers from , her investigating officer . He was the third assigned to her case since she reported the attack in December 2009 and she eventually found him at the sexual offences unit in Bellville , a 30-minute drive from her home . Despite the sensitive nature of her case , he met her in the wide , open office . When Gaca asked why the police had failed to interview her alleged attacker 's friend , who witnessed the rape , another officer in the room told her : "  I never take a statement from a suspect 's friend . " He added : "  The suspect 's friend is obviously going to say you are in a relationship with the suspect or that he did n't see anything . The only statements that are important here are the ones from your friend , a neutral person or a neighbor . Not someone who was there watching while you were being damaged and he was n't helping . " CNN requested an interview with the investigator and was referred to his superiors , before being granted an interview with South Africa 's Minister of Police , Nathi Mthethwa , who promised an investigation . "  I feel bad , " the minister said . "  I feel bad about all these things . That is why I 'm saying people who are responsible have a case to answer . " No action has so far been taken against the police officers who not only treated Gaca with disdain but who she also had to push every step of the way to do their job . When they let her alleged attacker go without taking DNA evidence , potentially crucial in proving his guilt , it was Gaca who insisted they re-arrest him . After neglecting to question the eyewitness who was allegedly there throughout the incident , it was Gaca who forced the police to talk with him . She says she sat in a car while they questioned him , as he leaned in through an open window to tell the police officer what he saw of the assault , forcing Gaca to once again relive the experience . South Africa 's Victims ' Charter was drafted in 2004 , granting seven fundamental rights to every victim of crime . Among them is the right to be treated with fairness and with respect to your dignity and privacy . Gaca says these rights are ideals she has never experienced . Yet she 's determined to press on . She said : "  They always get away with it . I 'm just pushing so that there will be a different story on my case . Maybe if this guy could be sentenced or something happens to him I think a lot of my friends will report their cases because some of the lesbians , they do n't report their cases , they do n't go to the police station because they know that it will just be a waste of time . " Nearly two years after reporting her case , Gaca is still awaiting her day in court , still hoping for justice , and still fighting .	In South Africa the full scope of ` corrective rape ' is not known because cases are not separated from other forms of rape ` Corrective rape ' is where men rape lesbians in the belief it can can make them straight Zukiswa Gaca tells how she was raped and had to push police to investigate properly In South Africa , gay rights are constitutionally protected and activists want ` corrective rape ' to legally be a hate crime
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously to pass a resolution extending the mandate of NATO-led military forces in Afghanistan for a year , hours after a deadly bombing near the Indian Embassy in Kabul . The bomb exploded in the center of Kabul on the corner of Passport Lane and the Indian Embassy . The suicide car bomb attack on Thursday left at least 17 people dead , most of them civilians , and 63 wounded . "  I think this is another reminder of the dangers that the Taliban pose to the Afghan population and to the international community in Afghanistan , and the importance of the continued international efforts there , " said John Sawers , Britain 's ambassador to the world body , after the resolution was passed . The council provides international legal approval for the deployment of NATO troops to assist in the protection of civilians in armed conflict . The resolution , however , did not address troop numbers , an issue that has generated controversy since the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , requested an additional 40,000 troops . The Security Council also condemned the attack , calling for the "  perpetrators , organizers , financiers and sponsors of this reprehensible act of terrorism " to be brought to justice . In addition to extending the mandate , the resolution stressed the need to bolster Afghan security forces to help them become self-sufficient in protecting their country . Anders Fogh Rasmussen , NATO 's new leader , recently announced that NATO forces would begin training Afghan police and increase training of the Afghan National Army . Some 90,000 international forces are deployed in Afghanistan , with 35,000 serving with NATO and 65,000 with the United States . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the Thursday bombing , saying an Afghan national in a sport utility vehicle carried out the attack . The bomber had intended to strike the embassy , Indian officials said . Watch what a local shopkeeper says about the area " "  The suicide attack  er  ... attempted  to go  through one of the embassy gates , " Vishnu Prakash , spokesman for India 's external affairs ministry , told CNN on Thursday . "  The embassy was the target . " The bomb went off about 8:30 a.m. , just as offices and shops were opening for the day . The force of the blast shattered some of the embassy 's windows , according to Prakash . The bombing came a year after a similar deadly attack outside the Indian Embassy . The Thursday attack killed 17 -- most of them civilians -- and 63 were wounded , Interior Ministry spokesman Ezmary Bashary said . The Taliban said the attack killed 35 people , including high-ranking Indian Embassy officials , as well as international and Afghan police officers . The blast damaged a security checkpoint outside the the embassy , said staffer J.P. Singh , but "  there were no casualties on the Indian side . " The embassy is in the center of Kabul , in a shop-lined street across from the Interior Ministry and several other government buildings . The explosion shattered car windows and toppled restaurant walls . Paramedics dug through twisted metal and debris , looking for survivors . A statement from President Hamid Karzai 's office called the blast an obvious assault on civilians and said "  the perpetrators of this attack and those who planned it were vicious terrorists who killed innocent people for their malicious goals . " About a year ago , another suicide car bomb detonated outside the embassy . Among the 58 people killed in the July 7 , 2008 , attack were two Indian diplomats and 14 students at a nearby school . More than 100 were wounded in that blast . Afghan and Indian officials accused Pakistan 's spy agency of involvement in that attack . Pakistan denied the accusation . India is the sixth largest donor to Afghanistan , providing millions of dollars to help with reconstruction efforts there . CNN 's Atia Abawi and Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. Security Council condemns Kabul attack , calls for justice NEW : Resolution does not address troop numbers ; comes hours after Kabul attack Bombing near Indian Embassy in Kabul killed at least 17 people NATO 's new leader Rasmussen recently announced training of Afghan police
CNN  -- Turkey 's fraught relationship with France is set to erode further after the French Senate passed controversial legislation criminalizing any public denial of what the bill calls the Armenian genocide in Ottoman Turkey in 1915 -- a description Turkey has rejected . Under the legislation , anyone denying the deaths were genocide could face a jail term and a fine of â ‚ ¬ 45,000  $ 58,000  . The lower house of French parliament passed the so-called Armenian genocide bill last December , prompting Turkey to recall its ambassador from Paris and to cancel certain bilateral visits between the countries . The French Senate then voted late Monday to approve the bill . What do Armenians say allegedly happened in 1915 ? Armenian groups and many scholars argue that starting in 1915 , Turks committed genocide , when more than a million ethnic Armenians were massacred in the waning days of the Ottoman Empire . The Turkish-Armenian controversy over the killings that took place last century has reverberated wherever diaspora communities representing both groups exist . What does Turkey say happened in 1915 ? Modern-day Turkey , which emerged after the collapse of the Ottoman Empire , has always denied a genocide took place in 1915 . It argues instead that hundreds of thousands of Armenian Christians and Muslim Turks died from intercommunal violence , disease and general chaos -- not from a specific plan to eliminate Armenians -- around the bloody battlefields of World War I. "  It has always been a sensitive issue , " said Dr. Katerina Dalacoura , a lecturer in International Relations at the London School of Economics . "  Turkey has always refused to accept that it was a planned event . They argue that genocide only applies if it was a plan to exterminate people . " Why is France doing this now ? France formally recognized the killings as genocide in 2001 . As there is no new information or new recognition about what the facts are about events of 1915 , some experts believe French President Nicolas Sarkozy may be using the genocide bill for political gain ahead of the country 's presidential election in April . "  It 's clear that President Sarkozy has put this on the table for electoral reasons - there is an Armenian community in France which will of course be voting , " Christian Malard , Senior Foreign Analyst at France 3 TV , told CNN on Monday . The bill has been applauded by Armenians , roughly 500,000 of whom live in France . The bill 's author , Valeri Bouyer from Sarkozy 's ruling party , has denied any political motivation . As for Sarkozy , he has said his country does n't need an OK from another nation to develop its policies . In a letter to the Turkish government , he said the law is not aimed at any country , but only at addressing past suffering . What is the public opinion in Turkey regarding the Armenian massacre ? Using the word genocide when talking about Armenia may not be as taboo as it once was , but Turks still chafe at the idea of other countries writing their history , says Fadi Hakura , Turkey Analyst at Chatham House , a London-based think tank . "  Things have been progressing , but the population does not like foreign powers defining their history , " he said . "  It generates a lot of misgivings . " How would passage of the genocide bill affect Turkey-France relations ? Ties between the two countries could now unravel further . Turkey already recalled its ambassador from Paris and cancelled some bilateral visits between the two countries after the French lower house passed the bill in December , and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan warned "  this is only the first phase . " Erdogan has also accused France of committing its own genocide during the war in Algeria in the 1950s and 1960s . "  In Algeria , an estimated 15 percent of the population had been subjected to the massacre of French from 1945 on . This is genocide , " Erdogan said at a conference in Istanbul last year . "  Algerians were burnt en masse in ovens . They were martyred mercilessly . If French President Mr.  Nicolas  Sarkozy does not know about this genocide , he should ask his father Paul Sarkozy . His father Paul Sarkozy served as a soldier in the French legion in Algeria in 1940s . " Once under French colonial rule , guerrillas in the North African nation fought a bloody war against the French presence there from 1954 to 1962 . The French Foreign Ministry shot back at Erdogan 's comments , saying "  we deplore excessive use of formulas and personal attacks that do not meet up to the standards of our mutual interest and of our relations . France recalls that it assumes with clarity and transparency its duty to remember the tragedies that have marked its history . " Erdogan has said that passage of the bill would result in Turkey initiating additional measures against France . "  This will create a lot of noise and difficulty in Turkey 's overall relationships with France and other EU states that will complicate " Turkey 's efforts to gain accession to the European Union , said Ross Wilson , a former U.S. ambassador to Turkey . Turkey and France are NATO allies , and , according to official Turkish statistics , the volume of trade between Turkey and France from January to the end of October this year was more than $ 13.5 billion . Do any countries recognize the killing of Armenians in Ottoman Turkey in 1915 as genocide ? Twenty countries do , including Germany , Sweden and Canada , according to Hakura . The genocide debate is an annual source of tension between Turkey and the United States , also two NATO allies . The White House , for example , annually beats back efforts in Congress to pass a resolution which would formally recognize the 1915 massacre of Armenians as genocide . CNN 's Izzy Lemberg and CNN Wires contributed to this report .	French Senate passes bill criminalizing public denial of Armenian genocide in Ottoman Turkey in 1915 Armenians say Turks committed genocide against more than a million Armenians in waning days of Ottoman Empire Turkey says the deaths were due to war , disease and chaos -- not to a specific plan to kill Armenians Genocide bill threatens to further destabilize relations between France and Turkey
CNN  -- What appears to be the outline of a child in a fetal position can be seen in a photograph of the trunk liner from the car driven by Casey Anthony , a Florida woman charged with killing her 2-year-old daughter , according to documents released in the case . Caylee Anthony 's skeletal remains were found near her family 's home in December . "  A very interesting photo exists of the trunk liner ... which highlights the very large stain , " FBI Intelligence Analyst Karen Cowan writes to a colleague in a September 2008 e-mail contained among nearly 1,000 pages of documents released Tuesday . "  If you look closely at this photo , there appears to be the outline or silhouette of a child in the fetal position . You can make out what may be the back , bottom and legs most clearly . " An FBI supervisory photographic technologist replied in a later e-mail , "  We do not report conclusions about what may or may not have left any marks or impressions in cases like this -- it is too speculative . Others can draw their own conclusions about that . " Watch Nancy Grace report on the documents " Anthony , 23 , is charged with first-degree murder in the 2008 death of her daughter , Caylee Anthony . Prosecutors have said they are seeking the death penalty against her . The child 's skeletal remains were found in December in a wooded area about a half-mile from the home where Caylee and her mother lived with Casey Anthony 's parents . The cause of Caylee 's death is homicide by undetermined means , authorities have said . Police released documents this year showing they believed that Caylee was slain within days of the time she was last seen and that her body was in the trunk of her mother 's car for "  a period of time . " An attorney for Casey Anthony 's parents , Brad Conway , released more documents Wednesday , according to CNN affiliate WESH . Among them were results of an FBI test that show fibers taken from duct tape found across Caylee 's mouth do not match similar fibers from tape that was found on a gas can in the Anthonys ' garage , the station reported . "  It was easy in the beginning to say , ` Well , you know , the duct tape on the gas can and the duct tape at the crime scene , they 're similar , ' and people draw conclusions from that , " Conway said . "  Now we have an FBI report that says they 're dissimilar , that they 're not matched . Now I think the view of the land is a little bit more accurate than it was six months ago . " In a May interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " George and Cindy Anthony said they believe that their daughter is innocent . Other documents released Tuesday by authorities show that : • Unidentified female DNA found on the duct tape on Caylee 's mouth was matched to a female FBI agent involved in processing the site where the remains were found . • A hair found in the trunk of the car is consistent with that being from a dead body , although authorities can not say that for sure . The hair is also consistent with that taken from Caylee 's hairbrush and is different from Casey Anthony 's hair . An FBI agent says in an e-mail that it would be good to have more than one hair showing decomposition , if others are found , because there could be some "  random possibility of why one hair would look like that . " CNN 's Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	FBI intelligence analyst speculated on photo in September 2008 e-mail "  We do not report conclusions ... in cases like this , " supervisor replied Casey Anthony is charged with murder in death of 3-year-old daughter Police believe that Caylee 's body was in mother 's car trunk
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama said Saturday that he has resigned from the church where controversial sermons by his former pastor and other ministers created political headaches for his campaign . "  We do n't want to have to answer for everything that 's stated in the church , " the Democratic front-runner said . "  We also do n't want the church subjected to the scrutiny that a presidential campaign legitimately undergoes . " Obama said he was resigning "  with some sadness . " "  This is not a decision I come to lightly , " he said . Watch Obama discuss departure " The resignation comes days after the Rev. Michael Pfleger , a visiting Catholic priest , mocked Obama 's Democratic rival during a sermon at Trinity United Church of Christ in Chicago , Illinois . In the sermon , Pfleger wipes his eyes with a handkerchief and suggests that Sen. Hillary Clinton wept because she thought that as a white person and the wife of a former president , she was entitled to the presidency . Pfleger is a Catholic priest at St. Sabina Roman Catholic Church on Chicago 's southwest side . He is also a friend of Trinity 's former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , from whom Obama distanced himself in April . Watch Pfleger mock Clinton " Obama said the Pfleger controversy made it clear that , as long as he remained a member of the Trinity congregation , remarks from the pulpit would be "  imputed " to him , even if they conflicted with his personal views . Obama said he and his wife , Michelle , began discussing a departure from the church after Wright spoke at the National Press Club on April 28 . During the appearance , Wright said that Obama had "  distanced " himself the fiery pastor for political reasons . Wright , Obama 's minister for about 20 years , drew unwanted attention for the campaign when videos of his fiery sermons surfaced . In the speeches , Wright suggested that the U.S. government may be responsible for the spread of AIDS in the black community and equated some American wartime activities to terrorism . Obama has said he was not present for the controversial sermons by Wright or Pfleger . His campaign condemned Pfleger 's comments . "  That is why I am deeply disappointed in Father Pfleger 's divisive , backward-looking rhetoric , which does n't reflect the country I see or the desire of people across America to come together in common cause , " he said in a statement Thursday . Obama said he and his wife had discussed and prayed on the issue with Trinity 's senior pastor , the Rev. Otis Moss , and hoped that the decision would withdraw Trinity from the spotlight . "  Though we are saddened by the news , we understand that it is a personal decision , " Moss said in a statement Saturday . "  We will continue to lift them in prayer and wish them the best as former members of our Trinity community , " Some Obama supporters , including U.S. Rep. Robert Wexler of Florida , said that disconnecting from the church signaled a chance for the campaign to move on . "  I think it bodes well for us in the general election that we can put whatever issues there were behind us in respect to the church , " Wexler said .	Obama says it was clear that pulpit remarks would always be linked to him Resignation comes days after visiting priest mocked Sen. Hillary Clinton Trinity United Church of Christ membership has caused headaches for his camp
Washington  CNN  -- The Office of the Director of National Intelligence has released approximately 1,800 pages of documents that shed more light on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court . The documents indicate that the National Security Agency violated its own internal guidelines relating to phone numbers it can "  query " from among records the agency collects . Moreover , the documents indicate that the NSA presented false information to the surveillance court about the violation . "  The people responsible for authoring the report did not fully understand how the operation was working , " a senior intelligence official said . "  That misrepresentation resulted in a factually inaccurate report . " Opinion : What the government is hiding from you The documents satisfy a judge 's order pertaining to public records requests from the American Civil Liberties Union and the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a privacy advocacy group , about FISA Court interpretations of the section of the Patriot Act dealing with collecting metadata , the so-called business records provision . The metadata program started in 2006 and allowed the NSA to seek to obtain more information about a number if there was "  reasonable articulable suspicion " that the number was linked to terrorism . The NSA also kept a separate "  alert list " that was used to compare the new numbers that were coming in daily and consider whether new numbers should be added to the category of those with "  reasonable articulable suspicion . " The alert list started with about 4,000 numbers and ended up with 17,835 , most of which did not have the required suspicion , officials say . The court ruled that the NSA was allowed to have the alert list , but the agency could not run it against the larger database because it did not have the reasonable suspicion . Every day , phone companies sent metadata , which went into an archive . But each day , the NSA ran the alert list against the new information to see if it could establish reasonable suspicion . This went on from May 2006 until January 2009 . "  To further complicate matters , " an official said , "  reporting to the court , we described the alert list but did not describe  it  accurately . " NSA misrepresented scope of data collection to secret court Senior intelligence officials attempted to assure reporters that the news was not so much the compliance violation , but the fact that the NSA uncovered the problem , reported it to the Justice Department and the FISA Court , "  took steps thereafter to do a thorough scrub of operations , " and reported back to the FISA Court after the changes had been made . In one declassified order from March 2009 , Judge Reggie Walton said the court would "  not permit the government to access the data collected until such time as the government is able to restore the court 's confidence that the government can and will comply with previously approved procedures for accessing such data . " A senior intelligence official noted "  fairly strong language " by the court , but stressed that it did not find any "  intentional attempt " to violate the law or abuse the program . Because there was such confusion about the program , the NSA instituted new steps to guard against future violations , including adding a compliance director , the officials said . Reports : NSA has cracked much online encryption One official said this proved that there was "  effective oversight by the executive branch and the court . NSA is not perfect and screws up from time to time . " But there never has been any indication that these programs have been abused by spying for improper purposes or exceeding guidelines with improper authority , he said . The officials said they did not know of any NSA employee who was punished or fired as a result of the problem . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said in a statement that the incidents were promptly reported to the court , which ordered NSA to seek its approval to query metadata on a case-by-case basis , except when lives were under imminent threat . "  The documents released today are a testament to the government 's strong commitment to detecting , correcting , and reporting mistakes that occur in implementing technologically complex intelligence collection activities , and to continually improving its oversight and compliance processes , " he said . Court renews secret U.S. surveillance program The American Civil Liberties Union said the documents confirm that the agency "  can not be trusted " with such sweeping powers and that the "  secret and one-sided " judicial review is not an adequate check . "  The abuses revealed in these documents are alarming but also predictable . These violations are the inevitable result of allowing the NSA to assemble a vast database of sensitive information about every American , " Alex Abdo , staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project , said in a statement . The civil liberties group has challenged the constitutionality of the NSA phone records collection program in court . Internet companies fight to release more information on NSA requests	Newly released documents show the National Security Agency violated phone-records rules Papers : NSA also submitted incorrect information to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court The papers were released to comply with ACLU , Electronic Frontier Foundation requests The court required the NSA to seek approval to query data until processes were improved
CNN  -- Once a city split in two , Berlin is now a thriving culture capital . Ever since the wall came down , it has flourished as a creative hot-spot , drawing artists and art lovers in droves . Galleries , museums and theatres have proliferated in recent years and the capital 's identity as a home to experimental goings-on and hip events such as the Berlinale film festival , contemporary art biennial and Love Parade make it a must-go for culture vultures and fun-seekers . CNN selects some of the best spots to experience the cultural side of Berlin , from museums and galleries to chic bars and restaurants . SEE : Former East Berlin contains most of the city 's contemporary and fine art . Its museums , exhibiting art across the ages , are some of the best in the world and most are handily located on one island in the River Spree . Mainline art aficionados can gaze at Egyptian artifacts at the Neues Museum , classical antiquities at the Altes Museum and 19th-century paintings at the Alte Nationalgalerie . For those wanting a more contemporary flavor , the hip district of Mitte is bursting with art galleries , cafes and bars , and home to a community of artists , stylists , graphic designers and bespectacled curators . Visitors can take in the Kunst Werke Institute , a contemporary art space that organizes world-class exhibitions in addition to the Berlin Biennale ; or book a tour of the impressive Sammlung Boros contemporary art collection , located nearby in a creatively converted World War II bunker . Get extra city tips from our Berlin-based reporter When you 're feeling weary , take a respite between galleries , catch films and videos chosen by artists at the sleek Image Movement space at Sprueth Magers Gallery , which now also features a record shop selling experimental albums by the avant-garde . Alternatively , take a look at the galleries around Auguststrasse in between cafe stops . EAT : Staying in Mitte , head to Grill Royal , a smart restaurant where a chic crowd of artists , actors and musicians are frequently spotted enjoying baby lamb chops over views of the river . Local galleries often celebrate their openings here . Alternatively , try Bar 3 and sister eatery Restaurant 3 , also patronized by the art crowd and known for inexpensive drinks and a relaxed and friendly atmosphere -- perfect for discussing the latest in contemporary culture and a bit of chin-stroking . Take a look round Tacheles , once a famous artist 's squat , and now a sadly threatened building filled with studios , bars and cafes . It 's a major cultural landmark in Mitte and even inspired a scene in 2003 "  ost-algie " film "  Goodbye Lenin . " Grab a coffee there before it goes or pledge your support to help save it . See Berlin travel snapshots from our iReporters STAY : at the newly opened SoHo House Berlin , a new outpost from the SoHo hotel group , a haunt for celebrities , models and artists , and enjoy the monochrome-only artworks on display by Berlin-based as well as international artists . Non-members are welcome to book rooms and can enjoy all the privileges enjoyed by members . Or bunk down in the Michaelberger near the Berlin Wall , a self-proclaimed "  friendly " hotel with zany interiors popular with the creative types staying there . SHOP : Berliners are a fashionable as well as cultured crowd . Browse the smart designer shops on the city 's famous Unter den Linden boulevard , or move further east and take in Prenzlauerberg 's Kastanienallee , with its numerous boutiques selling vintage clothing and one-off designs , for that more insouciant "  art " look . Shops along this quiet tree-lined street include Temporary Showroom , a concept store and atelier allowing new designers the chance to camp out in its space for rolling residencies of 2-6 months . For those on a tighter budget , Eberswalderstrasse around the corner is home to several vintage shops selling inexpensive retro clothes and shoes .	Berlin has flourished as a cultural capital in recent years Former East Berlin boasts its own Museum Island Contemporary art galleries cluster around Mitte , a hip district filled with bars and cafes
Editor 's note : This is an excerpt from CNN Contributor Bob Greene 's new book , "  Late Edition : A Love Story , " a memoir of his time working at an Ohio newspaper in the 1960s . The localness of what we did down at the paper defined everything . Even as a kid brand-new to the staff and brand-new to the newspaper business , hired to work during summer vacations , I could tell that . Bob Greene recalls a 1967 lesson in manners from Ohio State University football coach Woody Hayes . It was a localness not confined to the geographic scope of our news coverage -- it went without saying that the Columbus , Ohio , Citizen-Journal was n't about to send its reporters to Africa or France  or even to Kentucky or Indiana  . The men and women in the city room arrived at work each day knowing that they were n't going to be assigned to anyplace from where they could n't drive back to the office by deadline . The localness extended beyond that , though , and infused the very feel of the place . One night in the summer of 1967 the phone on the sports desk rang and I picked it up with the customary : "  Sports ! " The person on the other end said : "  Now , that 's no way to answer a telephone , is it ? " "  Who 's calling ? " I said . "  To whom am I speaking ? " the caller said . "  This is Bob Greene , " I said . "  Now , I 've seen your name in the paper , " the caller said . "  It 's Bob Greene Jr. , is n't it ? " I had been permitted to write a few sports stories that summer ; I used the "  Jr. " at the end of the byline . "  Yes , " I said . I thought I recognized the voice from somewhere . "  Now , I believe I know your mother and father , " the caller said . "  Are your parents Robert and Phyllis Greene , from Bexley ? " "  Yes , " I said . "  I know they did n't raise you to answer a phone that way , " the caller said . "  When you answer a business telephone , the proper way to do it is to tell the caller your name first . " "  All right , sir , " I said . "  I know your parents are fine people , and I 'm sure they taught you good manners , " the caller said . "  You do n't want to disappoint them by giving a bad impression of yourself on the telephone , do you ? " "  No , sir , " I said . "  Good , " the caller said . "  Now , this is Woody Hayes . I was calling to speak with Tom Pastorius . Is Tom there , please ? " And , my hands shaking , I connected him with Pastorius , one of the paper 's sportswriters . I knew it really was the head coach of the Ohio State University football team because of that phrase early in his lecture to me -- "  To whom am I speaking ? " His grammar was always scrupulous -- no "  Who am I speaking to ? " from Woody Hayes . The localness was all around us . Woody had met my mother and father on a few occasions , he remembered them , and he was setting their son straight . He may have been the most nationally famous person in the community , but he was first and foremost a member of that community -- during all his years as head football coach at Ohio State , Woody kept his home telephone number listed in the Columbus phone book : W.W. Hayes , on Cardiff Road . That made for a lot of late-night crank calls from a lot of insulting or drunken people , but he thought that if he was going to represent the community , then he should be as available as any other man or woman in town . Once , years later , I heard a story -- I 'm almost certain that it was Citizen-Journal sportswriter Kaye Kessler who told it . It seemed that very early in Jack Nicklaus 's golf career , Nicklaus 's father , Charlie , a Columbus pharmacist , was following his son on tour , and Woody Hayes offered to travel with Charlie Nicklaus to keep him company and provide moral support . Apparently at one tournament someone in the gallery kept referring to Nicklaus as "  fat Jack " -- Nicklaus was a little hefty in those younger days . And , the way I remember the story , either Woody Hayes had to physically restrain Charlie Nicklaus from going after the fan , or Charlie Nicklaus had to restrain Woody .  I have a feeling I know which one was which . It was all part of the localness . Woody Hayes and Charlie Nicklaus were two Columbus residents on the road to cheer for a local golfer ; the fact that the local golfer would become the greatest ever to play the game was incidental . And we -- in the eyes of our readers , and in our own eyes , too -- were , proudly , the local paper . That was all , and everything , we aspired to be . Just like the proud local papers in a thousand other American towns . "  I know they did n't raise you to answer a phone that way , " Woody said . He thought , by saying it , he was doing me a favor . He was . Excerpted by permission from "  Late Edition : A Love Story , " published this week by St. Martin 's Press .	Bob Greene 's new memoir is titled "  Late Edition : A Love Story " The book chronicles his tenure at an Ohio newspaper in the 1960s Author recalls lesson in etiquette from Ohio State University 's football coach
Just days before the Nobel committee announces the winner of this year 's Nobel Peace Prize , the world found out who stands at the opposite extreme on the quest for peace and justice . We have discovered who the biggest cowards on the planet are today . The competition for the mark of shame is hard fought , but the title goes to the men who approached a van carrying girls home from school in Pakistan on Tuesday and asked for one very special 14-year-old . Then shot her in the head . The world 's worst cowards are the members of the Pakistani Taliban . Perhaps they believe their thick dark beards , dangerous weapons and fanatical religious pronouncement make them fierce warriors . But their actions tell the true story : The Pakistani Taliban are terrified of a 14-year-old girl named Malala Yousufzai . And why are they so afraid of Malala ? Mostly , because she is not afraid of them . And because Malala is a relentless advocate of education for girls , something the Taliban find very threatening . The Taliban , with all their bravado , seem to fear women most of all . News : Pakistan enraged over attack on teen blogger The cravenness that has come to define the group -- also known as the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan , or TTP -- is easily matched by Malala 's stunning bravery . The fearless activist for girls ' education now lies in a hospital bed trying to recover from serious injuries to her head and neck . Overnight doctors performed emergency surgery to remove a bullet near her spinal cord and to relieve swelling in her brain . Malala knew she was on a TTP hit list , but she did not back down . The Taliban , whose religious , social and political views are founded on a brutally anti-woman ideology , can not countenance even a young girl challenging their ideas on a blog . Shortly after Tuesday 's assassination attempt , which also left two of Malala 's school friends wounded , TTP spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan acknowledged the group tried to kill her and vowed they will try to do it again if she survives . As is common , he couched the threats in extreme interpretations of Islam and on repression and intimidation of women . "  Any female that , by any means , plays a role in the war against the mujahedeen , " Ehsan declared , "  should be killed . " News : ' I Am Malala ' -- a chorus of support across the world The TTP spokesman called Malala 's advocacy for education "  a new chapter of obscenity , " adding , "  We have to finish this chapter . " He also accused her of being pro-West and admiring President Barack Obama . Malala started to become a problem for the TTP when she was just 11 . The Pakistani Taliban , who hold the same ideology but are not directly affiliated with the Afghan Taliban , had taken over Pakistan 's Swat Valley . Pakistani politicians were turning a blind eye to what had become an increasingly brutal regime . They executed their critics , ordered all men to grow beards and whipped women in public as punishment for real , imagined or fabricated offenses . It was all about imposing their will , their version of Islamic law , and subjugating the entire population , but women in particular . The Taliban reportedly had destroyed more than 200 schools and ordered all girls ' schools shut down when Malala slowly emerged from obscurity . In 2009 , she started writing a blog for the BBC under a pseudonym , talking about her dreams for the future and how the Taliban were pushing those aspirations further and further out of reach . Learn more about how you can help at CNN Impact Your World Her story helped bring attention to the disaster befalling the population of the storied Swat Valley . At about the same time , the videotaped beating of a 17-year-old girl by a group of Taliban went viral in Pakistan , adding chilling images to a girl 's lament . Until then , Pakistan had treated the fight against the Taliban as an American problem , something going on across the border in Afghanistan . Malala helped Pakistanis realize their own country , their own way of life were threatened by the TTP . The government fought back and regained control of the region . She continued to speak out and was the first recipient of her country 's National Peace Award last year . She and her cause became celebrated throughout the country , and increasingly despised by extremists and their supporters . Rural areas of Pakistan and the districts near the Afghanistan border include deeply traditional regions from where the Taliban took much of their social views . Many practices , particularly regarding women , are horrifying to more modern Pakistanis living in places such as the capital , Islamabad . The country has become a dangerous incubator of fanatically enforced prejudice . A prominent politician who opposed Pakistan 's controversial blasphemy laws was killed last year . Just last month a Christian girl was sent to prison after her neighbors concocted blasphemy charges against her . The country has become one of the front lines of the struggle between modernity and the deeply intolerant , misogynistic practices dating back centuries . Malala , despite her young age , stands at the battle line of the push for equality . iReport : Your views on girls ' education The rule of the Taliban in Afghanistan between 1996 and 2001 showed just how the outcome in Pakistan could affect everyone , but especially women 's lives . The TTP aims to impose precisely the kind of rules the Taliban forced on Afghans . Afghan women were barred from working , studying , leaving their homes without a male companion . Even laughing out loud was prohibited . They became nonentities , stoned and beheaded at the local stadium , banned from showing their faces , speaking their voices or earning a living . In 2002 , just after the regime was toppled , a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention study of mental health in the country found a vast majority of Afghan women suffering from depression , anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorder . A decade later , in bordering Pakistan , in the aftermath of the assassination attempt against Malala , many question if the threat has receded to the extent the authorities claim . By trying to kill a bright and admired young girl in cold blood , the Taliban have revealed not only their own moral makeup . They have also reawakened the Pakistani people to the threat posed by extremists and the choices the country faces . Pakistanis are pressuring their populist politicians to speak out against the crime , to take sides . Pakistan is home to the world 's worst cowards . But it 's also Malalai 's home . Let 's hope she makes it , and inspires many to follow in her small but indelible footsteps . There 's something -- and someone -- for the Nobel committee to consider . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion .	The world 's worst cowards are the members of the Pakistani Taliban , says Frida Ghitis They are terrified of Malala Yousufzai , the 14-year-old girl they shot , Ghitis says They want to subjugate the local population , particularly women , she says Ghitis : They have reawakened Pakistanis to the threat posed by extremists
CNN  -- A day after losing the first presidential debate , President Barack Obama and his campaign accused his Republican challenger Mitt Romney of being dishonest about tax policy and other issues . "  If you want to be president , you owe the American people the truth , " Obama said at a campaign rally Thursday in Denver . "  So here 's the truth : Governor Romney can not pay for his $ 5 trillion tax plan without blowing up the deficit or sticking it to the middle class . That 's the math . " Romney 's pledge : No tax cut for the rich The president 's top aides were even more blunt . "  Romney 's performance was one that 's probably unprecedented in its dishonesty , " senior adviser David Plouffe told reporters . Still , senior campaign adviser David Axelrod acknowledged Obama will examine his debate strategy for the next two contests -- on October 16 in New York and October 22 in Florida . The president opted against "  serial fact-checking with Governor Romney , which can be a never-ending , exhausting pursuit , " Axelrod said . "  Obviously , going forward , we 're going to have to look at this , and we 're going to have make some adjustments . " What 's next : Can Obama recover or will Romney run up the score ? Meanwhile , Romney continued to push his debate theme that there 's been much federal spending under Obama , complaining of "  trickle-down government " that has failed to solve the nation 's economic woes . "  Trickle-down government that the president proposes is one where he will raise taxes on small business , which will kill jobs " he said in an unannounced visit Thursday to a conservative conference in Colorado . "  I instead want to keep taxes down on small business so we can create jobs . " He and his vice presidential running mate , Paul Ryan , then appeared together Thursday night in Fisherville , in western Virginia . Ryan touted the National Rifle Association 's endorsement earlier in the day of the GOP ticket , adding that he 's looking forward to when "  after we elect Mitt Romney president , I can take my daughter deer hunting . " Both the Wisconsin congressman and Romney , who followed him onstage , referenced the previous night 's debate as demonstrating "  a clear choice " for voters . "  Last night was an important night for the country , because people got the chance to cut through all the attacks and the counterattacks and all the theatrics associated with the campaign , and instead they were able to listen to substance , " said the former Massachusetts governor . Analysis : Five reason the president fumbled the debate "  As a result ... , the American people recognize that  Obama  and I stand for something very different , " he said , before vowing , "  I am going to help the American people get good jobs and a bright future . " His supporters crowed about his debate performance , saying it reshaped a race that Romney had appeared in danger of losing . Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio , who played the role of the president in debate rehearsals for Romney , said the GOP candidate had a "  terrific night " in discussing Obama 's record , talking about his own policies and setting "  the record straight on ... misleading ads . " "  He did exactly what he had to do for the undecided voter in Ohio or around the country , " Portman said . To Ed Gillespie , a senor adviser to Romney , the GOP challenger brought focus to the sharp contrast between the candidates by showing voters that "  we ca n't afford four more years like the last four years . " While both sides were in full spin mode Thursday , it was widely felt that Romney won the debate itself . Analysis : Romney seizes the story "  A week ago , people were saying this was over . We 've got a horse race , " said CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen , who called the debate Romney 's best so far after the 22 the former Massachusetts governor took part in during the GOP primary campaign . Alex Castellanos , a Republican strategist and CNN contributor , expressed surprise at Romney 's strong performance , saying he "  rose to the moment " and seemed to benefit from the multiple primary debates . "  It looked like Romney wanted to be there and President Obama did n't want to be there , " noted Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville . "  The president did n't bring his ` A ' game . " The CNN/ORC International poll of 430 people who watched the debate showed 67 % thought Romney won , compared with 25 % for Obama . Obama joked Thursday that a different Romney appeared at the debate from the conservative candidate who won a grueling primary campaign to challenge him on November 6 . "  When I got on to the stage I met this very spirited fellow who claimed to be Mitt Romney , " Obama said told the crowd of more than 12,000 at a Denver park . "  But it could n't have been Mitt Romney because the real Mitt Romney has been running around the country for the last year promising $ 5 trillion in tax cuts that favor the wealthy . The fellow on stage last night said he did n't know anything about that . " In Denver and later in Wisconsin , Obama also went after Romney 's pledge during the debate to cut funding for public broadcasting , referring specifically to the popular Sesame Street character Big Bird . "  He 'll get rid of regulations on Wall Street , but he 's going to crack down on Sesame Street , " Obama joked about Romney 's pledge to repeal the Dodd-Frank Act that reforms the financial sector . "  Thank goodness somebody is finally getting tough on Big Bird , " Obama added . "  It 's about time . We did n't know that Big Bird was driving the federal deficit . " 5 things we learned from the presidential debate During Wednesday 's 90-minute debate , neither presidential candidate scored dramatic blows that will make future highlight reels , and neither veered from campaign themes and policies to date . Moderator Jim Lehrer of PBS had trouble keeping the duo within time limits for responses , especially Obama , who ended up speaking four minutes longer than Romney . Romney criticized Obama 's record and depicted the president 's vision as one of big government , while the Democratic incumbent defended his achievements and challenged his rival 's prescriptions as unworkable . But Romney came off as the more energized candidate overall by repeatedly attacking Obama on red-meat issues for Republicans such as health care reform and higher taxes , while the president began with lengthy explanations and only later focused more on what his opponent was saying . The former governor 's strongest moments came in criticizing Obama 's record , saying the nation 's high unemployment and sluggish economic recovery showed the president 's policies have n't worked . Complete coverage of CNN fact-checking the candidates "  There 's no question in my mind if the president is re-elected , you 'll continue to see a middle-class squeeze , " Romney said , adding that another term for Obama also will mean the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare , "  will be fully installed . " At another point , he noted how $ 90 billion spent on programs and policies to develop alternative energy sources could have been devoted to hiring teachers or other needs that would bring down unemployment . Obama argued his policies were working to bring America back from the financial and economic crisis he inherited , and that Romney refused to divulge specifics about his proposed tax plans and replacements for the health care law and Wall Street reform that the Republican has pledged to repeal . At crossroads of economic crisis , debate disappoints In one of his strongest lines of the night , Obama said Romney lacked the important leadership quality of being able to say "  no " when necessary . "  I 've got to tell you , Governor Romney , when it comes to his own party during the course of this campaign , has not displayed that willingness to say no to some of the more extreme parts of his party , " Obama said in reference to his challenger 's swing to the right during the primaries to appeal to the GOP 's conservative base . Romney rejected Obama 's characterization of his tax plan , insisting it wo n't add to the deficit , and criticized the president 's call to allow tax rates on income over $ 250,000 for families and $ 200,000 for individuals to return to higher 1990s rates as a job-snuffing tax hike on small business . Romney repeatedly went after Obama on the health care reform bill , criticizing the president for focusing so strongly on a measure that passed with no Republican support instead of devoting more attention to creating jobs . "  I just do n't know how the president could have come into office , facing 23 million people out of work , rising unemployment , an economic crisis at the -- at the kitchen table , and spend his energy and passion for two years fighting for Obamacare instead of fighting for jobs for the American people , " Romney said . "  The right answer is not to have the federal government take over health care , " Romney added , quickly noting his plan would include popular provisions of Obamacare such as allowing children up to age 26 stay on family plans and preventing insurers from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions . Read a transcript of the debate With polls narrowing less than five weeks before Election Day , Obama and Romney launched a new phase in a bitter race dominated so far by negative advertising as both camps try to frame the election to their advantage . Whether it matters is itself a topic of debate . According to an analysis by Gallup , televised debates have affected the outcome of only two elections in the past half century -- Nixon-Kennedy in 1960 and Bush-Gore in 2000 . 25 funniest tweets about the debate	NEW : Ryan , Romney say debate offered voters a clear choice The Obama campaign says Mitt Romney was dishonest Republicans crow about the first debate ; Democrats downplay it Analysts and a snap poll say Mitt Romney won the opening round
Around this time of year , you 're more likely to find college students in the library cramming for final exams than out partying . In an environment where the workload is endless and there 's always more to be done , a quick fix to help buckle down and power through becomes very tempting . Prescription ADHD medications like Adderall , Ritalin , and Vyvanse are becoming increasingly popular for overworked and overscheduled college students -- who have n't been diagnosed with ADHD . "  Our biggest concern ... is the increase we have observed in this behavior over the past decade , " says Sean McCabe , research associate professor at the University of Michigan Substance Abuse Research Center . Full-time college students were twice as likely to have used Adderall non-medically as their counterparts who were not full-time students , according to a National Survey on Drug Use and Health report released in 2009 . The numbers vary significantly by school , with the greatest proportion of users at private and "  elite " universities . Some researchers estimate about 30 % of students use stimulants non-medically . More students think marijuana is OK "  When we look at upperclassmen , the number really begins to jump , " says Alan DeSantis , professor of communications at the University of Kentucky who has conducted research on stimulant use in college . "  The more time you stay on campus , the more likely you are to use . " Of course , by and large the most common use is to concentrate while studying , with more than 90 % of users doing it for this purpose . ADHD stimulants "  strengthen the brain 's brakes , its inhibitory capacities , so it can control its power more effectively , " said Dr. Edward Hallowell , a psychiatrist and ADHD expert . "  They do this by increasing the amount of certain neurotransmitters , like dopamine , epinephrine , and norepinephrine . " Students say they take these stimulants for the "  right reasons , " to be more productive in classes and to stay afloat in the sea of intense competition . In a 2008 study of 1,800 college students , 81 % of students interviewed  DeSantis 2008  thought illicit use of ADHD medication was "  not dangerous at all " or "  slightly dangerous . " While the picture of a methamphetamine user has hollowed cheeks , rotting teeth , and skin sores , an amphetamine-dextroamphetamine  Adderall  user looks just like anybody else . "  It helps me stay focused and be more efficient , which is very helpful with the chaos of college , " says one university student who takes Adderall anywhere from once a month to a few times a week , depending on her schedule and workload . Students did not want to be identified because of their illegal use of the prescription drugs . Yet these drugs are Schedule II substances , sitting pretty on the Drug Enforcement Administration 's list right next to cocaine , meth and morphine . "  College students tend to underestimate the potential harms associated with the nonmedical use of prescription stimulants , " McCabe says . Students may not know the stimulant 's documented contraindications  situations in which a drug might be harmful  or recommended precautions or how it may interact with other drugs , McCabe says . Hallowell is also concerned that students taking controlled substances without prescriptions and physician supervision , noting that they may not know the dosage . WATCH : ADHD meds do n't work long-term Short-term adverse consequences include sleep difficulties , restlessness , headaches , irritability and depressed feelings . Other side effects include loss of appetite , nervousness , and changes in sex drive . The long term risk of psychological and physical dependence is of concern for routine users that may find they do not feel they can function optimally without it . Schedule II substances are classified by the DEA as having a high potential for abuse . While students ' knowledge of the health dangers are limited , even less consideration is given to the illegality of use . Obtaining stimulants from friends with prescriptions , as the vast majority of college students do , seems less dangerous and illegal than buying drugs off the street . "  The fact that it 's illegal really does n't cross my mind , " one student says . "  It 's not something that I get nervous about because it 's so widespread and simple . " The biggest barrier to changing attitudes is the effectiveness of stimulants on campuses where the ends justify the means , researchers believe . After those late library nights , many students praise the little pill that got them through their hefty textbooks and into the morning . After taking Adderall , says one university student , "  I just feel very alive and awake and ready for challenges that come my way . " "  I 'm on page 15  of my paper  in just a few hours ... and I 'm very confident in it . "	Some college students take ADHD medication to help with concentration According to a survey , the vast majority do n't think there are risks Experts caution they may not know proper dosage or think about drug interactions
Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is on a flight from Europe and is scheduled to arrive in San Antonio , Texas , within hours . Bergdahl had been in a military hospital in Landstuhl , Germany , since he was released in Afghanistan after five years of Taliban captivity . He is expected to be taken to a military hospital in the Texas city for continued rehabilitation . "  I can confirm that he is now en route to the United States aboard a U.S. military aircraft , having departed Ramstein Air Base earlier this afternoon , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said in a statement Thursday . "  He will arrive in San Antonio early tomorrow morning , where he will continue the reintegration process at Brooke Army Medical Center . " "  Our first priority is making sure that Sgt. Bergdahl continues to get the care and support he needs . " Previously , three U.S. officials had told CNN that the soldier would arrive in Texas at midnight local time  1 a.m. ET  . Bergdahl was exchanged on May 31 for five Taliban figures detained at the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The swap sparked a controversy that touches on a range of volatile issues -- ending the Afghanistan war , releasing Guantanamo detainees , accusations by members of Bergdahl 's unit that he deserted -- and it comes in an election year that has further widened the partisan divide in Washington . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has defended the deal , saying it was Bergdahl 's last and best chance to get out . Critics have said the cost of the swap was too high , and that Congress should have been notified in advance . Slow recovery Bergdahl is "  continuing to improve every day , " Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren said this week . The solider had not spoken with his family . The "  decision to speak with the family is a decision the returnee has to make when he or she is emotionally in the right place to make the phone call , " Warren said . Bergdahl went missing on June 30 , 2009 , in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , where he was deployed with the 1st Battalion , 501st Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded he left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official who was briefed on the report . The Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something officials could n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official told CNN . As Bergdahl recovers , details are slowly emerging about the conditions he endured during five years of captivity . Citing an American official , The New York Times has reported that Bergdahl told medical staff that the box he was kept in for weeks at a time was pitch black and like a shark cage . CNN has reported that Bergdahl has said he was kept in a small box after trying to escape , according to a senior U.S. official , who spoke on the condition of not being identified . The official also told CNN that Bergdahl suffers from psychological trauma caused by physical abuse . In his own words The exact conditions of his captivity are not known , and Bergdahl has not spoken publicly since his release . But on Thursday , The Daily Beast published two letters the solider reportedly wrote to his family while imprisoned by the Taliban . The website obtained the letters by "  sources in contact with the Taliban . " It confirmed their authenticity with U.S. and Western officials . In the letters -- dated 2012 and 2013 -- Bergdahl discusses his life and partially explains why he disappeared in 2009 . "  To my friends & family , in regards to the circomestance  sic  here , I am as well as can be here , " he wrote . "  I am given food and drink . " Bergdahl had harsh words for Army leadership . "  Leadership was lacking , if not non-existent . The conditions were bad and looked to be getting worse for the men that where actuly  sic  the ones risking thier  sic  lives from attack , " he wrote . "  If this letter makes it to the U.S.A. , tell those involved in the investigation that there are more sides to the cittuwation  sic  , " Bergdahl said . "  Please tell D.C. to wait for all evadince  sic  to come in . " Hagel on Bergdahl deal Hagel appeared Wednesday at a House Armed Services Committee hearing to defend the swap , where Rep. Jeff Miller , R-Florida , appeared to strike a nerve when he pressed the defense chief on why it was taking the U.S. military so long to interview Bergdahl . Hagel already had fielded lawmakers ' accusations that the White House overstepped presidential authority and negotiated with terrorists to gain Bergdahl 's freedom . Hagel started to explain that doctors treating Bergdahl will decide when he is ready to talk , but Miller cut him off . "  Wait a minute . Wait a minute . Why has n't he been returned to the United States ? " Miller asked , noting that wounded soldiers from battle zones get flown back for treatment within days . "  You 're trying to tell me that he 's being held at Landstuhl , Germany , because of his medical condition ? " Hagel responded , "  Congressman , I hope you 're not implying anything other than that , " as the two continued to talk over each other . "  I do n't like the implication of the question , " Hagel said at one point , and when Miller persisted about injured combat troops coming back to the United States quickly , Hagel raised his voice . "  This is n't just about a physical situation , " he said . "  This guy was held for almost five years in God knows what kind of conditions . ... This is not just about can he get on his feet and walk and get to a plane . "	Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is en route and expected to arrive in Texas The Daily Beast publishes letters from the soldier Bergdahl has been recovering at a military hospital in Germany He was released last month after five years in Taliban captivity
Washington  CNN  -- Three years after that awful day -- the day a teenager accidentally backed his car over their little girl -- Michael and Brandy Dahlen have forgiven their young neighbor . But they 're having a tougher time coming to grips with the actions of the federal government . The source of Dahlen 's frustration : the government 's failure to implement a law requiring back-up cameras on new motor vehicles . Enacted in 2008 , the law had a 2011 deadline . It is now two years overdue . Had the Department of Transportation acted quicker , Dahlen believes , there is a small chance his daughter would be still alive , and a near certainty many other children would have been saved from so-called "  backover " accidents . According to the U.S. Department of Transportation , more than 200 people are killed and 17,000 injured every year in backover crashes , when drivers back over objects in the blind spot behind them . Bigger cars and SUVs , the government says , mean bigger blind spots . Children under the age of 5 account for 44 % of the fatalities . And in a high percentage of those cases , the driver is a parent or family member , compounding the emotional trauma . In a nation almost numb to tragedies on its highways , tragedies in its driveways still rattle families and communities . For the Dahlens , the unthinkable happened on April 11 , 2010 . Abigail , a cheerful girl with whispy blonde hair and deep dimples , was playing in the front yard when she chased a ball into the neighbor 's driveway . It happened quickly . "  She was 2 , had just turned 2 , so she was acting like a 2-year-old and pitched a fit because she fell down and got hurt , " Michael Dahlen said . A teenager , unaware that Abigail was still behind his car , backed up , striking her . At the hospital , Brandy Dahlen learned that her daughter was dead . "  I felt like someone opened a tap on my toes , and all of my life just drained out of me into my feet and a puddle on the floor , " Brandy says . "  Just this complete numbness and darkness , and it was the most awful thing I could imagine . " After the accident , the Dahlens learned that a law had been passed in 2008 -- before Abigail was even born -- to require the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to develop rules to prevent back-up accidents . NHTSA determined that the only technology available to comply with the mandate would be rear-mounted video cameras , with in-vehicle displays . In December of 2010 , NHTSA published a proposed rule and set out to meet a February 2011 deadline for enacting it . On-board cameras , NHTSA said at the time , could cut in half deaths and injuries due to backing crashes , at a cost of about $ 159 to $ 203 per vehicle , or about $ 1.9 billion to $ 2.7 billion a year for the nation 's 16.6 million fleet of new vehicles .  The price has since fallen , advocates say . But the Department of Transportation twice extended the deadline , first to December of 2011 , and again to February of 2012 , a deadline it has missed . The DOT said the extensions were necessary because of the "  large volume of public comments and the complexity of some of the issues . " Asked this week about the status of the rule , the DOT declined to give specifics , saying only that the "  Department remains committed to improving rearview visibility for the nation 's automobiles . The rule remains under review . " Rep. Jan Schakowsky , D - Illinois , one of the sponsors of the bill , said she was "  mystified " by the DOT 's delays . "  They might be doing a cost-benefit analysis worrying about the cost , but I think that is not a sound excuse , " she said . "  How much is it really going to cost to have a camera , some kind of a camera in a car ... We have bells and whistles of all sorts in our automobiles , certainly this safety should be in all automobiles . " Consumer advocates blame the auto industry for the delays . "  After all , you must remember , they  carmakers  were against seat belts , they were against airbags , they were against rollover protection technology and other safety measures , " said Joan Claybrook , former NHTSA administrator and chair emeritus of the consumer advocacy group Public Citizen . "  It 's time for the auto manufacturers ... and the White House  which  is bowing to their wishes , to say , ` We 're going to do the right thing . We 're going to protect the children of this nation , " she said . In a statement , the auto manufacturers lobby said only that manufacturers increasingly are adding cameras , even in the absence of the rule . "  Rearview camera systems are available on 7 in 10 new vehicles , as either standard equipment or an option , " said Wade Newton of the Auto Alliance . "  This provides consumers with many choices when it comes to what type of safety technology is appropriate for their families . " The Dahlens , who now drive a car equipped with a rearview camera , say a rule is still needed . And they warn others of dangers right outside their homes . "  I always told my children not to play in the road . Everyone is aware that is dangerous ; do n't play in the road , " said Brandy Dahlen . "  But it just never occurred to me how dangerous driveways were . And kids play in driveways all the time . " "  Five years is a long time for any law , " Michael Dahlen said of the government 's unfinished business , "  and for me it 's really unacceptable . " Said Brandy Dahlen , "  It is just so painful for us to think that everyone was aware of this problem , everyone was aware that something needed to be done before she  Abigail  was even born . And even still , this much later ,  the rule  is n't out . That just is n't acceptable . It needs to be out . " "  We still have a small hole in the center of our family where we are missing a person , " says Michael Dahlen . "  And I really do n't want anybody else to have to go through that . "	More than 200 people are killed , 17,000 injured every year when drivers back over objects One victim : a 2-year-old named Abigail Her parents are frustrated at failure to implement a law requiring back-up cameras Enacted in 2008 , the law had a 2011 deadline ; it is now two years overdue
CNN  -- Bangs may be a modern red carpet staple , but they actually have a long history  hair-story ?  in Hollywood . Whether wispy or thick , feathered or blunt-cut , bangs are the go-to hair choice for celebs who need a new coif . Here , we look back at the evolution of the A-list fringe . Louise Brooks , 1925 There 's nothing quiet about this silent movie starlet 's looks , right down to her "  Dutch Boy " bob cut . Her thick thatch of bangs , cut straight across the forehead , became a popular look with flappers seeking to defy society 's vision of beauty . Veronica Lake , 1942 Lake 's side-parted style , which tumbled like a curtain over her right eye , became known as the "  peek-a-boo bang , " and was even parodied by Lake herself in the movie Star Spangled Rhythm . Later , Kim Basinger 's L.A. Confidential style was modeled on the look . Elle.com : 7 ways to grow out your bangs gracefully Bettie Page , 1956 The "  Queen of Pinups " boasted enviable curves  36-23-35 , to be exact  , but it 's her cropped bangs that left a lasting beauty impression . Peggy Moffitt , 1965 Vidal Sassoon clipped this mod model 's thick black hairâ $ " fringe and allâ $ " creating one of the most famous haircuts of the '60s and making Sassoon a household name . Jean Shrimpton , 1965 The English model wore her fringe finely trimmed , and often tucked the wisps behind her ears  a trick later used by Alexa Chung  . Jane Fonda , 1970 Coolest mug shot ever ? Jane Fonda sported bangs and a defiant glare in 1970 , because , well , it 's important to leave Barbarella alone . Elle.com : 20 edgiest celebrity hairstyles ever Farrah Fawcett , 1976 Stylist Allen Edwards created this fluffy fringe for Farrah Fawcett and millions of college coeds followed suit  or rather , snip  . Loni Anderson , 1980 She 's not a natural blonde , but the WKRP in Cincinnati star 's flaxen coif helped steer her career , and her halo of big bangs helped define a decade where excess was everything . Sarah Jessica Parker , 1985 Though the most popular bang style of the '80s required a gallon of Aquanet and just as much heat , some girls just wan na have fun with less product , like this wispy fringe sported by a pre-Bradshaw SJP . Christina Applegate , 1987 As ditzy Kelly Bundy on Married ... With Children , Applegate wore her bangs sky-high , with shellacked side wings to boot . Of her "  mall hair " style , she noted , "  You know , the bangs that stick straight up off the top of your head . That was ridiculous . " Maybe ... but everyone was doing it . Shannen Doherty , 1990-93 Doherty claimed she was fired from 90210 for doing a DIY hack job on her trademark "  Brenda Walsh " bangs . "  I cried over a bad haircut because I got fired over it , " she told The Talk .  Fortunately , the TV gods later spared Felicity . Elle.com : The single best hair cut for every face shape Natalie Portman , 1994 An 11-year-old Portman captured hearts as Mathilda , the gun-toting girl in The Professional whose little-girl bangs belied a vengeful spirit . Drew Barrymore , 1998 Barrymore bucked the grunge trend with her daisy hair crown and '40s - inspired bangs , creating a trend seen at 9th grade semi-formals all over the country . Audrey Tautou , 2001 In AmÃ © lie , Tautou 's wide-eyed wonderment was even more palpable thanks to her blunt bangs  documented in this adorable video . Gwen Stefani , 2003 She 's sported pink and blue hair , but it 's Stefani 's signature platinum locks and bumped bangs that made the Tragic Kingdom singer a pop icon . Elle.com : What your hair color says about your personality Shannyn Sossamon , 2005 The DJ/model/actress pulled off her itty-bitty asymmetrical bangs for years , becoming the poster child for glam hipsters everywhere . Naomi Campbell , 2005 Scandals may come and go , but one thing is constant : The supermodel 's blunt-cut bangs keep her looking ageless . Nicole Richie , 2005 An It Girl for the new millennium , Richie gave the red carpets a fresh dose of glamour with this side-swept ` do . Madonna , 2006 This disco-worthy feathered fringe was the perfect complement to Madge 's club-thumping Confessions on a Dance Floor , which featured ABBA samples . Hairstylist Andy LeCompte played a role in the mane reinvention , creating the Dancerteria-worthy fringe for Madonna 's video , "  Hung Up . " Elle.com : 10 foods to eat for gorgeous hair Katie Holmes , 2007 A severely short chop reflected Holmes ' shift from Joey Potter to Katie Cruise . Her thick China-doll bangs set the Internet reeling ... of course , now Suri 's outfits have stolen the show . Reese Witherspoon , 2007 The best revenge is a good set of bangs ? That was the case for Witherspoon , who debuted her wispy fringe after divorcing Ryan Phillippe . The hairstylist behind the look , Mark Townsend , noted , "  I got more questions and emails about this haircut than anything I 've ever done . " Lady Gaga , 2008 Before the meat dress , Gaga 's sharp white bangs became her beauty calling card . And then there was the hair bow ... Zooey Deschanel , 2011 Watching New Girl with serious bangs envy ? You 're not alone . Deschanel 's even admitted she 's hooked on the look , saying , "  I do n't feel like I 'm myself without them . " Michelle Obama , 2013 Though the FLOTUS has already denounced her fringe , attributing it to her "  mid-life crisis , " there 's no denying that the simple chop put the Internet in overdrive . Not only did Michelle Obama 's bangs get their own Twitter handle  @MichellesBangs  within weeks of debuting at the POTUS ' second inauguration , but the President himself said their debut was "  the most significant event of this weekend . " Elle.com : 10 biggest hair myths -- debunked Tyra Banks , 2013 Banks often references her large forehead as a flaw to be celebrated , even going so far as to develop the upcoming ABC comedy series Fivehead about her awkward adolescence . But the supermodel mogul recently covered her "  imperfection " with perfect flaxen bangs . At least she can still smize , right ? Taylor Swift , 2013 The music sensation recently posted to Instagram , "  While in the studio , I came to the realization that my bangs are long enough to use as a sleep mask on long flights . Then I remembered I do n't ever use sleep masks on flights . So really , I just need a haircut . " Who 's hairstyle do you like best ? Share your thoughts in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page ! Reprinted with permission of Hearst Communications , Inc. .	Hollywood starlets have always flirted with bangs Model Peggy Moffitt 's bangs made Vidal Sassoon a household name Christina Applegate rocked "  mall hair " bangs in the late '80s
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  A senior cleric for al Qaeda 's affiliate in Yemen was killed along with three other people in a drone strike on their vehicle January 31 in Yemen , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula said Thursday . The cleric , Harith bin Ghazi al-Nadhari , was killed in Yemen 's south-central Shabwa province , AQAP said . The strike would be a further indication that a U.S.-led drone strike program is continuing following a pause during political upheaval in the majority Sunni Muslim nation . The United States has long conducted drone strikes against AQAP targets under the Obama administration . But the New America Foundation , which tracks the strikes , says there was a nearly two-month pause in the strikes in late 2014 and early 2015 as Shiite Muslim Houthi rebels moved against Yemen 's U.S.-backed government . That uprising culminated in the resignation of Yemeni government 's top leaders in mid-January . A week later , the U.S. drone strikes resumed , with a strike east of the capital , Sanaa , three U.S. officials said at the time . Al-Nadhari made headlines in November when he inserted himself into a rivalry between al Qaeda and ISIS , or the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . ISIS has captured parts of Syria and Iraq for what it calls its Islamic caliphate . In mid-November , ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi issued an audiotape saying his Islamic State had expanded to Yemen and other Middle Eastern countries . Al-Nadhari responded harshly in a video a week later , saying al-Baghdadi 's declaration of an Islamic caliphate was illegitimate . "  Our brothers in the Islamic State ... surprised us with several steps , including their announcement of the caliphate  and  they announced the expansion of the caliphate in a number of countries which they have have no governance , and considered them to be provinces that belonged to them , " al-Nadhari said , according to a translation by the SITE intelligence group . "  The announcement of the caliphate for all Muslims by our brothers in the Islamic State did not meet the required conditions , " al-Nashari argued , because other jihadi groups were not consulted . Al-Nadhari also criticized ISIS for "  going too far in interpretations in terms of spilling inviolable blood under the excuse of expanding and spreading the power of the Islamic State . " ISIS and al Qaeda 's top leadership in Pakistan had a bitter falling out in 2014 , and al Qaeda and ISIS fighters have been fighting each other in Syria , but AQAP until November had stayed above the fray , calling for both sides to reconcile and pool resources to strike the United States . Houthi militants dressed in government uniforms raided the main office of Yemen 's daily Akhbar Al Youm newspaper Thursday , according to two officials in the Yemen Journalists Syndicate , an organization for reporters in the country . Eyewitnesses said the attackers damaged some equipment and forcefully locked some journalists inside a guard room at the office . Details about how long the journalists allegedly were detained were n't immediately available . Akhabar Al Youm is one of the oldest independent publications in Yemen , with print houses in Sanaa and Aden . Houthi officials did not confirm that Houthis were involved in Thursday 's raid . However , Ahmed Al Bahri , a legal adviser for the Houthis , said the newspaper had "  always been anti-Houthi " and is funded by those who oppose the minority group . "  Many lies against the Houthis are published , which in return damages our reputation , and with no government censorship over its reporting , " Al Bahri said . CNN 's Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Margot Haddad reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	Harith bin Ghazi al-Nadhari was senior cleric for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula He and three others were killed in Yemen 's Shabwa province , AQAP says
Two men have been charged in the Albany , New York , area in a bizarre plan to use a device loosely described as a ray gun to "  target people they did n't like , " a federal law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation said Wednesday . Glendon Scott Crawford , 49 , and Eric J. Feight , 54 , were arrested Tuesday after an undercover operation by the Albany FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force . They were charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists . The suspects intended to use the device to harm and kill enemies of Israel , a Department of Justice news release said . If convicted , each faces up to 15 years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and five years of supervised release . The suspects , expected to appear in federal court Wednesday , apparently planned to use the homemade X-ray machine to attack high-ranking government officials and other targets with radiation , the source said . They do not appear to belong to any terror group or subscribe to any particular ideology , the source said . The public was never in any danger , the source said . The device created by the defendants was deemed inoperable and not a threat to the public . Beginning in April 2012 , authorities received information that Crawford was searching for people at local Jewish organizations to help him build a device capable of killing human targets silently from a distance , according to a criminal complaint . "  This investigation revealed unthinkable plotting and planning of terrorist activity that targeted unsuspecting innocent citizens , " New York State Police Superintendent Joseph A. D'Amico said in a news release . "  We remain committed to ensuring the safety of all citizens and will work diligently to identify these types of threats and stop those who seek to cause harm . "	Pair arrested Tuesday after an undercover operation ; they 're expected in court Wednesday A device the suspects created was deemed inoperable and not a threat to the public They aimed to use the device on enemies of Israel , a Department of Justice news release says
Dareta , Nigeria  CNN  -- In remote northern Nigeria , it is now a race against time to prevent a catastrophe in the world 's worst-ever recorded outbreak of lead poisoning . Officially 163 people have already died in Zamfara state -- 111 of them children . But no one knows the true figures . "  You read about it in the literature but several hundred children have died here as a result of what happened here , " says Ian von Lindern from the environmental engineering organization the Blacksmith Institute , which is heading the clean-up operation in the region . Children began to die in January , but only now in June has the clean-up operation begun in the mud-hut village of Dareta . Using the only tools available -- crude metal hoes normally used for farming -- local villagers are trying to clear the contaminated topsoil from the worst-affected housing compounds . Dug up , the soil is put into plastic bags and buried far from the village . Young children look on as their friends and family wear unfamiliar white protective suits and face masks . And they inhale more of the stirred-up dust . The U.S.-based Blacksmith Institute -- a global leader in pollution clean-up operations -- has found disturbingly high levels of lead across the village . "  The fact that this is 10,000 parts per million -- which is 1 percent lead -- that 's very high , " explains Casey Bartram of the Blacksmith Institute . In the U.S. , the standard for residential-area soils is normally 400 parts per million . "  Because lead particles are so small , the levels so high , and because in this environment the kids are always in contact with the soil -- it 's extremely dangerous for them to be exposed to levels like these , " says Bartram . The Blacksmith Institute currently is trying to help clean up a toxic lead site in Senegal where , in the last few years , 18 people died . Until now , it was the worst case of lead poisoning anyone had seen . "  We were asked if we 'd come over and look at this -LSB- site -RSB- so we only planned on a four-day visit -- but it 's so bad we just have to stay and do what we can , " says von Lindern . Many of the men in the region are gold miners . They bring the metal ore mined from the local mines back to be crushed by their wives and children in their homes . Unbeknownst to them , the gold ore contains extremely high levels of lead . The ore processing has since been moved out of most of the villages and , in theory , the lead could be cleared away . "  I will instruct all the people to excavate their houses , " the local chief , Mohammed Bello , declares . "  But it will be difficult to enforce because of poverty . " There are also many other problems . Just getting to Dareta village takes several hours ' drive -- a journey that will soon be made almost impossible with the oncoming rains . And with the rains coming , the young men working to clear away the contaminated earth are anxious to get to their farms . Simba Terima of the Blacksmith Institute is helping train them in safely removing the contaminated soil . "  This is a local problem , this is not an international problem , " he says . "  So if they can own it , it 'll be very good because long , long after we 're gone they will be here . " It is hoped that Dareta village will be cleared in 26 days , but manpower is still lacking . The local government , apart from handing out red election hats for an upcoming vote , is almost nowhere to be seen . "  I tell you that the problem has now been contained and we are now on remediation , " explains Abubakar Maru , the local environmental commissioner . "  I 'm sure these measures are good enough . " The government claims there have been no more fatalities since it first identified the problem as lead poisoning . However , Dareta is only one of seven villages identified with extremely toxic levels of lead -- and the only village in the region receiving an on-going clean-up operation . From reports , some of the other villages are not being monitored properly . And there has been no thorough report on whether there are more villages suffering from the same toxic levels of lead . "  We hope to do just this village before the rainy season , but by mid-July there 'll be so much rain we wo n't be able to , and we 'll have to wait until October , " says von Lindern . "  The kids will still be exposed . " On Sunday , the village cleared its first compound . For now , villagers are just taking it one home at a time .	Outbreak of lead poisoning has killed 163 in remote northern Nigerian state Many local men are gold miners , they bring home ore for wives and children to crush Ore contains extremely high levels of lead Villagers trying to clear contaminated topsoil and bury it Clean-up is a race against time , as seasonal rains are coming
CNN  -- The Soma mining disaster is already the deadliest industrial catastrophe in Turkey 's history . Yet Turks are unable to grieve for the appalling loss of human life . Utter shock and fury are the overriding public sentiments against the brazen lack of humility and sense of responsibility displayed by those in positions of power , both in the government and private sector . But Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's scandalous attempt to justify the death of more than 280 miners by pointing to mining disasters that occurred in France , Britain and the United States more than a century ago reveals more than the worldview of a ruthless politician with a skewed sense of chronology . It also exposes Turkey for what it has become : a grim 21st-century Dickensian dystopia , where a new class of political and business elite grows rich and powerful on the back of cheap labor and expendable lives . The comparison with 19th century Europe is hardly superfluous : worker 's rights have been systematically weakened and are routinely violated in Turkey since the 1980s , to the extent that the country was "  blacklisted " by the International Labor Organisation  ILO  in 2008 . Trade unions , once powerful and influential , have been emasculated and seen their ranks dwindle . Over a million subcontracted workers in the public and private sector are without job security , deprived of their right to join unions and participate in collective bargaining . Cheap labor and weak regulation make Turkey an attractive destination for industrial production and fuel the country 's construction sector , which has been driving growth over the past decade . Yet they also come with a terrible price tag : the ILO ranked Turkey first in Europe and third in the world for fatal work accidents in 2012 . Coal mining is among the deadliest of professions . According to a 2010 report by the Turkish think tank TEPAV , the ratio of deaths to production capacity in Turkey was five times the figure for China and 361 times the figure for the U.S. , two of the world 's leading coal producers . An overwhelming majority of the work related deaths are caused by poor working conditions , inadequate training and a general lack of job security , and are thus preventable . Erdogan seems to disagree . "  Dying , " he declared following an explosion that killed 30 workers at a Zonguldak mine in 2010 , "  is the fate of the miner . " In Soma , he casually suggested that accidents were in the nature of this work ; they were "  usual things . " As he spoke , his normally animated face remained calm and expressionless , devoid of any visible sign of remorse or empathy . He accepted no responsibility , including for his party 's rejection of a parliamentary proposal by the opposition CHP only three weeks ago to investigate a string of past accidents and deaths at the very mining facility in Soma . It would appear that Erdogan views such "  accidents " as unfortunate but unavoidable side effects of Turkey 's rise as a regional power under his leadership . After all , no empire is built without the blood and sacrifice of the nation , whose "  will " he claims to embody and grandeur he seeks to restore . As in Britain and France at the turn of the last century , tales of imperial glory constitute a central part of the ruling AKP 's populist discourse . And in a country that is deeply divided along identity issues , especially along the secular versus religious fault line , such discourse has powerful appeal . But even Erdogan can not sustain his tremendous popularity through nationalist propaganda and perpetuated feelings of social resentment , if he and his aides continue to dismiss the plight of "  his people " and respond to their ultimate sacrifice with kicks and punches . In this regard , the Soma disaster may turn out to be a watershed moment . Numerous times in recent years , the government 's security apparatus harassed those who were experiencing unspeakable agony for having lost loved ones , some at the state 's own hands . The families of those killed in an airstrike near the Kurdish village of Roboski in December 2011 , in the terror attack in Reyhanli in May 2013 , or during the anti-government protests across the country since last June have been deprived of their right to grieve and forced into a continuous state shock and outrage . But these were mostly poor Kurds , Alevis or secular Turks , who are unlikely to support Erdogan 's party . In Soma , on the other hand , the AKP is popular . It carried the town comfortably both in the general election in 2011 and the municipal election held in March this year . And it is here that the AKP 's headquarters have been ransacked , and the prime minister hackled and called on to resign by furious residents . In Huxley 's Brave New World , "  soma " was the hallucinogenic substance used by the state to induce a feeling of contentment and happiness among citizens . It remains to be seen whether in Erdogan 's Brave New Turkey , Soma will have the opposite effect .	Karabekir Akkoyunlu : Disaster exposes Turkey as 21st-century Dickensian dystopia Those in power have displayed a brazen lack of humility and sense of responsibility , he says Akkoyunlu : Erdogan views such "  accidents " as unfortunate but unavoidable side effects Erdogan can not sustain his popularity through nationalist propaganda , he writes
CNN  -- The diminutive Derartu Tulu -- she stands only 1.56 meters  5 feet 2 inches  tall -- is one of , if not the greatest-ever female runners , the only woman ever to have won a long-distance gold at two separate Olympics . Two Olympic 10,000-meter victories have made Tulu an Ethiopian icon . Born , like so many great athletes , in the highlands of Ethiopia , a member of the Oromo tribe , she grew up tending cattle on the family farm , and was not even aware that she was an especially fast runner until she started taking part in athletics competitions in her teens . She won the World Junior 10,000 meters title in 1990 , and at the 1991 World Championships in Tokyo , won her semifinal heat in an Ethiopian national record of 31 minutes 45.95 seconds . In the final , however , she came a disappointing eighth , leading many pundits to dismiss her chances of success at the following year 's Barcelona Olympics . They could n't have been more wrong . In one of the most thrilling 10,000-meter races of all time Tulu overtook South Africa 's Elana Meyer just before the bell , running the final lap in 64 seconds to win by 30 meters , in the process becoming the first ever black African woman to win Olympic gold . The race over , she waited at the line for Meyer , a white south African , the two women embracing before joining hands and setting off on an emotional lap of honor together draped in their respective national flags , a gesture that seemed to symbolize hope for a new Africa . Defending her title four years later in Atlanta she could only manage fourth place . Triumphant return At the 2000 Sydney Games , however , she made a triumphant return , overtaking her compatriot Gete Wami at the bell and sprinting the final 400 meters in an astounding 60 seconds to win in 30 minutes 17.49 seconds , a new African and Olympic record . Her victory made her the first woman ever to win two Olympic long-distance gold medals , and cemented her place as an Ethiopian national icon alongside fellow running legend Haile Gebreselassie  Addis Ababa city council subsequently named a school in her honor  . In addition to her two Olympic titles Tulu has won a World Championship gold medal  2001  , three World Cross Country titles and the London Marathon  2000  . Although her mantle has , in recent years , passed to Britain 's Paul Radcliffe , her place in the pantheon of athletic greats remains assured . She has a six year-old daughter , Tsion .	Olympic record : 2 gold medals Only woman to have won a long-distance gold at two separate Olympics The first ever black African woman to win Olympic gold Runner ; born March 21 , 1972 , in Bekoji , Ethiopia
Washington  CNN  -- Russian bomber aircraft were spotted last week off Alaska and then within 50 miles of California , military officials said . Four long-range planes flew close to Alaska on June 4 where they were intercepted by U.S. F-22 fighter jets . Two peeled off and headed west , while the other two flew south and were identified by American F-15 fighters within 50 miles of the California coast . Details were confirmed to CNN on Thursday by the Defense Department and the North American Aerospace Defense Command , a joint U.S.-Canadian force . The United States believes the Russians were on a training mission , Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren said . The planes , which included Tu-95 Bear-H bombers and refueling aircraft , never breached U.S. air space , Capt. Jeff Davis , a NORAD spokesman , said . But they did enter the U.S. Air Defense Identification Zone , which is an area extending 200 miles from the North American coast and is mainly within international airspace . Commercial and other planes must identify themselves when they fly through that zone . "  They followed all the protocols and it was a very professional encounter on both sides , " Davis said . "  There was nothing that they were doing that was contrary to international law . " NORAD intercepts Russian bombers in the defense zone about 10 times a year , Davis said , though usually not near California . Russian military planes were last intercepted off the coast of California on July 4 , 2012 , Davis added . Ukrainian official : Russian tanks have entered the country CNN 's Barbara Starr , Jeremy Diamond , and Joshua Berlinger contributed to this report .	Military officials say four bombers and a refueling plane involved They first flew near Alaska and then two were seen within 50 miles of California The planes never entered U.S. airspace , but did breach a coastal identification zone The Russian planes were intercepted by U.S. fighter jets
CNN  -- A series of explosions at an ammunition depot killed 123 people and wounded about 2,000 more in Brazzaville , the capital of Africa 's Republic of Congo , Congolese officials said . The explosions occurred shortly after 8 a.m. Sunday  2 a.m. ET  when a fire at the depot set off a cache of tank shells , said Betu Bangana , director of protocol for President Denis Sassou-Nguesso . Bangana said 123 people had been confirmed dead by Sunday evening , and many bodies may be "  unfindable . " Ministry of Information press attache Bruno Impene said hospitals were overflowing , with the wounded lying in the corridors . The blasts destroyed numerous homes in the neighborhoods surrounding the installation , Bangana said . The force of the explosions broke windows up to 5 km  3 miles  away in Kinshasa , the capital of the neighboring Democratic Republic of the Congo . The DRC 's military responded by putting tanks and troops on the streets and the banks of the Congo River , which separates the two cities , until it became clear that no attack on the capital was under way . Impene said a short circuit the suspected cause of the fire . Authorities are treating the blaze as accidental , Bangana said . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse and journalist Fred Robarts contributed to this report .	NEW : Hospitals are overflowing with wounded , an official says NEW : An electrical short is the suspected cause of the ammo dump blasts Congo 's government says the explosions killed 123 people The concussions broke windows across the Congo River in Kinshasa
CNN  -- Jury selection begins Thursday for an Army sergeant charged in what military authorities say was a conspiracy by a group of soldiers to kill Afghan civilians for sport and then cover it up . Sgt. Darren Jones is one of 12 soldiers , all members of the Washington-based 5th Stryker Combat Brigade , accused in a case that strained U.S. relations with Afghanistan after details emerged that some of the soldiers allegedly posed with dead Afghans and collected souvenirs from the killings . Jones is one of six soldiers facing trial and the only one not charged with killing Afghans . Six other soldiers , including one who posed for photos with a dead Afghan , have accepted plea deals . Jones , who faces courts-martial at Joint Base Lewis-McChord , has pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiracy to commit aggravated assault and conspiracy to commit assault and battery . The government maintains that sometime in March 2010 , Jones along with other soldiers opened fire on three Afghan men near Forward Operating Base Ramrod , in the volatile Kandahar province in southern Afghanistan . The Army charge sheet , which spells out the allegations against Jones , does not provide the date of the shooting , the identities of the victims or whether they were wounded . There is no evidence Jones killed or wounded any Afghan civilians , his lawyer , Kevin McDermott , told CNN late Wednesday "  They 're calling it aggravated assault , even though he did n't hit anybody , " McDermott said . "  There is no forensic evidence , no ballistic , no bodies , no identities . " A telephone call by CNN late Wednesday to the prosecutor 's office at Joint Base Lewis-McChord went unanswered . The military also alleges that Jones , 30 , of Brea , California , joined others in his unit in the May 2010 beating of a fellow soldier to prevent him from talking to investigators about the killings and other misconduct at the base in southern Afghanistan . McDermott said Jones was never interviewed by military investigators about his alleged role . The government alleges the killing-for-sport plan was hatched by Staff Sgt. Calvin R. Gibbs , 25 , of Billings , Montana , and that the group began killing civilians in January 2010 . The case drew international outrage in March when Der Spiegel , a German news magazine , published photos that showed two of the accused -- Spec . Jeremy Morlock and Pfc. Andrew Holmes -- posing over dead bodies of Afghans . The U.S. Army apologized for any distress caused by the photos , calling the photographs "  repugnant to us as human beings and contrary to the standards and values of the United States Army . " Army officials asserted in the statement that ongoing court-martial proceedings related to the alleged atrocities "  speak for themselves . The photos appear in stark contrast to the discipline , professionalism and respect that have characterized our soldiers ' performance during nearly 10 years of sustained operations . " In March 2011 , Morlock of Wasilla , Alaska , pleaded guilty to killing Afghan civilians in a deal that sentenced him to 24 years in prison and positioned him to be the prosecution 's key witness against the other soldiers still facing trial . Among those facing murder charges are Holmes of Boise , Idaho ; Spec . Adam Winfield of Cape Coral , Florida ; Spec . Michael Wagnon of Las Vegas and Gibbs . Holmes is charged with the premeditated deaths of three civilians , possessing a dismembered human finger , wrongfully possessing photographs of human casualties and smoking hashish . He is also accused of conspiring with Morlock to shoot at a civilian and then toss a grenade so it would look like the soldiers were under attack . Authorities allege Gibbs kept finger bones , leg bones and a tooth from Afghan corpses . Wagnon allegedly kept a skull from a corpse , according to charging documents . All five accused in the killings have pleaded not guilty .	Sgt. Darren Jones has pleaded not guilty He is accused of shooting at civilians and participating in a coverup His lawyer says there is no evidence Jones killed or wounded anyone
Washington  CNN  -- German Chancellor Angela Merkel joined U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday in saying Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi must step down , expressing support for the NATO military mission even though her country abstained from the U.N. Security Council vote that authorized it . At a joint news conference at the White House , Merkel said Germany 's participation in NATO operations shows its support for the Libya mission . She also noted that Germany has increased resources to the U.S.-led mission in Afghanistan to free other countries to contribute to the Libya mission . "  It is our joint will that this NATO mission is successful , " Merkel said of the Libya operation , adding that what happens in North Africa affects Europe . "  Those are our immediate neighbors , and we have a choice . Either this works out well , or we have an enormous refugee problem . and so it 's not only out of charity ... there 's not only a moral obligation , but we have also a vested interest in seeing to it that this continent , this region comes on its feet . " Obama and Merkel also said they oppose unilateral actions by players in the Middle East peace process , including a push for a U.N. General Assembly vote on an independent Palestinian state . And Obama warned of possible new sanctions against Iran if an upcoming International Atomic Energy Agency report cites continued non-compliance involving the nation 's nuclear energy program . Both played down any major differences in how they think their countries and the international community should deal with continuing economic challenges . On the United States , Obama said he is n't concerned about a possible double-dip recession , but added he is concerned that the nation 's economic recovery is not creating jobs more quickly . Merkel diplomatically said she has confidence that the United States will deal with its economic issues . The news conference included some minor unscripted moments , such as Merkel stumbling as the pair walked to the microphones and later shutting off her cell phone when it rang while Obama was speaking . The two leaders were meeting for the 10th time as part of Merkel 's official visit to Washington that included a state dinner Tuesday night where she received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation 's highest civilian honor . In his toast to Merkel at the start of the dinner , Obama presented her with the medal and noted she was a young girl in what became East Germany when the Berlin Wall went up in 1961 . Merkel lived to see the wall come down , and went on to become the first woman to serve as German chancellor , the president noted . "  Tonight we honor Angela Merkel ... for what she achieved when she gained her freedom , " Obama said . In her toast , Merkel thanked the American people and called the award "  a testimony of the excellent Germany-U.S. partnership . " Noting it has been almost 10 years since the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , Merkel said both countries knew that "  living in freedom and defending freedom are two sides of the same coin . " "  Sometimes this may seem like an endless fight , " Merkel said , then added that her personal experience was different , showing that "  what we dare dream today may become reality . " Keeping with the preferred theme of the evening , musician James Taylor told reporters when arriving for the dinner that he was asked to perform Carole King 's "  You 've Got a Friend " as part of his set . Earlier , Obama and Merkel emphasized the cooperative and vital relationship between their countries , with Obama paying special tribute to the German chancellor . In addition to their 10 meetings , he told reporters , the two communicate regularly by phone and video conference . "  There 's hardly any global issue where we do n't consult one another , " Obama said , adding , "  I trust her . " Merkel received an official welcome to the White House on Tuesday morning in a ceremony marked by pomp and circumstance , a major honor for an ally who at times has differed on key issues from her American counterparts . During their talks , the two leaders discussed a range of economic and security topics , including the turmoil in the Middle East and the shaky global economy . At the news conference afterward , Obama said the situation in Europe -- where Greece and some other countries face mounting debt crises that threaten to drag down the global economy -- involves "  tough " politics . "  You recall how difficult it was for us to make investments in our own auto industry or to make sure that we did n't have a financial meltdown here , " the president said . "  Well , imagine if you 're having to make those same decisions with 27 other countries with respect to somebody else 's economic problems . " He expressed confidence that "  Germany 's leadership , along with other key actors in Europe , will help us arrive at a path for Greece to return to growth , for this debt to become more manageable . but it 's going to require some patience and some time . " He pledged full U.S. cooperation , including working through international institutions such as the International Monetary Fund . "  We think it would be disastrous for us to see an uncontrolled spiral and default in Europe , because that could trigger a whole range of other events , " Obama said . "  And I think Angela shares that same view . and so we 're going to have to work through this issue methodically , and we will be supportive in any ways that we can to make sure that all of the best ideas are brought to bear on the problem . " In welcoming Merkel earlier , Obama said the German-U.S. alliance "  at its core is a partnership between two peoples . " "  The story of Germany and our alliance in the 20th century shows what 's possible in the 21st , " Obama said . "  Wars can end , adversaries can become allies , walls can come down . At long last , nations can be whole and can be free . " Obama also referenced his unique status as America 's first African-American president , as well as Merkel 's as Germany 's first female chancellor . "  It 's obvious that neither of us looks exactly like the leaders who preceded us , " he said . "  The fact that we can stand here today as president of the United States and chancellor of a united Germany is a testament to the progress and freedom that is possible in our world . " Merkel praised America 's role in the Cold War , noting that "  when Germany and Europe were divided by the war and barbed wire , America consistently stood on the side of freedom . " "  This we shall never forget , " she said . "  Europe and Germany have no better partner than America . " Washington and Berlin , however , have been at odds in recent months over the NATO-led war in Libya , among other things . Germany abstained from the U.N. Security Council vote establishing a no-fly zone over the North African country . In April , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton declared in a speechin Germany that "  the world did not wait for another Srebrenica in a place called Benghazi , " referring to the site of a Bosnian massacre and the Libyan rebel stronghold that was under siege by forces loyal to Gadhafi . On the economic front , Germany continues to expand its trade surplus with record exports , causing critics to complain it should boost domestic consumption to ease the imbalance as part of global efforts to quicken recovery from the recession . Merkel advocates tough austerity measures for European Union colleagues , and recently decided to close all of Germany 's nuclear power plants in coming years in the wake of the Japanese earthquake and tsunami that caused reactor meltdowns at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant . Obama , facing a tough political fight over Republican demands to shrink the government to reduce the federal deficit and national debt , calls for continued investment in education , infrastructure and clean energy while cutting wasteful spending and raising taxes on people with the highest incomes . His administration proposes a broad energy policy that increases domestic oil production as well as nuclear power while pushing to develop solar and wind energy production to compete in a growing global market . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney noted Monday that because Merkel is a head of government , rather than a head of state , her trip has been labeled an official visit rather than a state visit . But Tuesday night 's gathering , he stressed , will be a state dinner . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Tom Cohen , Dan Lothian and Alexander Mooney contributed to this story .	NEW : Obama bestows nation 's highest civilian honor on Merkel Obama warns of possible new sanctions against Iran "  I trust her , " Obama says of the visiting German chancellor The two leaders emphasize cooperation rather than policy differences
CNN  -- Authorities believe they have found the final victim of a deadly landslide in Washington state . A rain-saturated hillside along the Stillaguamish River gave way on the outskirts of the town of Oso on March 22 . Authorities announced Tuesday that workers found a body believed to be that of Molly Kristine "  Kris " Regelbrugge . Local health officials will confirm the identification of the body once it 's recovered . "  It is a testament to the persistence of the sheriff 's office that today , four months after the slide , we recovered the final victim , " Snohomish County Executive John Lovick said in a statement . "  The sheriff 's search and rescue teams are true professionals . I am honored and humbled by their dedication and commitment to this community , " he said . Search crews had been digging through deep mud and debris , which was 70 feet thick in some places , to search for the missing . Including Regelbrugge , 43 people are thought to have been killed in the March slide . CNN 's Matthew Stucker , Mayra Cuevas and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	It 's been four months since a rain-saturated hillside in Washington state gave way Search crews have been digging through deep mud and debris Forthy-three people are believed to have been killed in the March slide
How many have you been to ? And do you agree with the rankings ? Condé Nast Traveler announced the winners of its 26th annual Readers ' Choice Awards yesterday . As they do every year , this year 's results introduce new categories , new hotels and re-ordered lists of the world 's best destinations . The magazine said this year 's list was the most comprehensive ever , with 1.3 million votes cast for a whopping 16,000 properties around the world . World 's best cities The "  Top 25 Cities in the World " list had refreshingly surprising additions and rankings -- Paris came in at a lowly 22 while Bruges and Cape Town tied for 11th place . Budapest and Florence tied for second , while the very top spot was seized by the colonial city of San Miguel de Allende in central Mexico , which took the crown from last year 's favorite of Charleston , South Carolina  which was tied for fifth this year  . Italy snapped up five of the top 25 cities , while Spain managed to take three . Despite its slide in the global rankings , Charleston was still voted the top city in the United States for the third year in a row , for its "  sand , sun , history , good food and friendly people . " More categories In the "  Top 100 Hotels and Resorts in the World " category , La Residence in South Africa and Lodge at Kauri Cliffs in Matauri Bay , New Zealand tied for first place , while Virgin America was named the No. 1 airline in the United States . Singapore Airlines came in first for international airlines . Here 's a small selection of the rankings . Top cities in the world 1 . San Miguel de Allende , Mexico2 . = Budapest , Hungary2 . = Florence , Italy4 . Salzburg , Austria5 . = Charleston , South Carolina , United States5 . = San Sebastián , Spain7 . Vienna , Austria8 . Rome9 . Siena , Italy10 . Québec City11 . = Cape Town , South Africa11 . = Bruges , Belgium13 . Vancouver , Canada14 . Kyoto , Japan15 . = Prague , Czech Republic15 . = Kraków , Poland17 . = Victoria , Canada17 . = Sydney17 . = Santa Fe , New Mexico , United States20 . = Seville , Spain20 . = Beirut , Lebanon22 . = Paris22 . = Melbourne , Australia24 . = Venice , Italy24 . = Barcelona , Spain Top cities in the United States 1 . Charleston , South Carolina2 . Sante Fe , New Mexico3 . San Francisco4 . Honolulu5 . Chicago Top hotels and resorts in the world 1 . = Lodge at Kauri Cliffs in Maturi Bay , New Zealand1 . = La Residence , Franschhoek , South Africa3 . = Singita Sabi Sand , South Africa 3 . = Bushmans Kloof Wilderness Reserve , South Africa5 . Grand Hotel Timeo , Sicily Top U.S. airlines 1 . Virgin America2 . Jetblue Airways3 . Hawaiian Airlines4 . Southwest Air Lines5 . Alaska Airlines Top international airlines 1 . Singapore Airlines2 . Emirates3 . Virgin Atlantic4 . Etihad Airways 5 . Air New Zealand What are you favorite cities , hotels and airlines ? Did the Condé Nast Traveler readers get it right ? Tell us below !	Condé Nast Traveler announces 2013 Readers ' Choice Awards Readers vote world 's top city is San Miguel de Allende in Mexico Charleston , South Carolina , takes top spot for ranking of U.S. cities
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- It was not a quiet weekend for the prime minister of Japan , facing a diplomatic test abroad from China and questions at home about his leadership . Sitting down with CNN -- his first interview with an international television network -- Prime Minister Naoto Kan answered wide-ranging questions from pressing economic issues leading up to the upcoming APEC  Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation  summit , to the diplomatic challenges from economic superpower China . Kan is a leader looking for a path out of a maze of domestic and international hurdles . He faces the monetary monster that is the sharply rising yen , that 's prompting corporations like Toyota and Nissan to push production and jobs outside of Japan . Diplomatically , he is in the middle of a major test with China , a country wielding growing strength in the world economy , and a superpower that 's just surpassed Japan in economic might . Japan is in an ongoing dispute with China over islands in the east China Sea . The islands , called Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China , are claimed as territories by both countries . "  As far as Japan is concerned , " said Kan , "  there is no territorial issue connected to the Senkaku islands . In fact , the Senkaku islands are the inherent territory of Japan . That is recognized in our history and also by international law . " On September 7 , the Japanese coast guard encountered a Chinese fishing crew in the islands ' waters . The Chinese fishing vessel collided with two of the coast guard ships . Japan arrested the Chinese crew , quickly releasing the fishermen , but detaining the captain . His detention drew diplomatic fire from China , resulting in the cancellation of high-level ministerial meetings , most recently the abrupt cancellation of a scheduled meeting between Kan and Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations . Japan eventually released the captain , but relations continue to be strained . At the time of the September 7 incident , the Japanese coast guard captured both collisions on video . The video , deemed highly sensitive by the prime minister 's office as it sought a smooth diplomatic out with China , was not released to the public , but shown to a select group of parliamentary lawmakers . Last Friday , the video appeared on YouTube and quickly went viral , sending Prime Minister Kan 's office on the diplomatic defensive . Members of the prime minister 's own party publicly began to question his handling of the matter . "  The fact that the video was leaked is a big mistake for the government , " said legislator Hiroshi Kawauchi , of the prime minister 's ruling Democratic Party of Japan . "  It is totally different from presenting it to the public in an official manner , and it leads  to  the people 's further erosion of faith in Japan 's government . " In the weekend interview with CNN , the prime minister defended his actions . "  I believe in any country that matters that relate to its territory provoke strong sentiments among people of that country . But I trust five years , 10 years down the road , people then will appreciate my cabinet dealt with the issue in a calm manner . " While the prime minister must try to contain the diplomatic damage with China , the most pressing matter in the week leading up to the APEC summit will be economic issues . Kan strongly defended his government 's right to intervene in the currency market , in attempts to weaken the yen 's sharp rise against the U.S. dollar . Japan had little choice , he suggested , since U.S. policy has been to boost the U.S. economy . "  With regard to the strong yen , the basic cause is the U.S. economy was undergoing changes with everything being skewed to a weak dollar , " said Kan. "  Should there be excessive fluctuations in exchange markets , then we need to take resolute actions . In fact , we 've already intervened in the market once . This remains an option we can take again . " How long Kan remains in his job is a constant question lobbed publicly by many pundits in Japan . The topic is a natural one , as there have been five Japanese prime ministers in four years . Prime Minister Kan asserted he 's shown leadership and results , producing a rare-earth minerals partnership with Vietnam and the deepening of an economic pact with India . "  As we move forward by achieving concrete results , one after another , these will become more visible to the Japanese people . I still have three more years in my term in office . If I firmly implement policies , I trust I will be able to have the support of the Japanese people , " Kan said .	Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan faces a maze of domestic and international issues Economic issues are at the forefront in the week leading up to the APEC summit in Japan In a CNN interview , Kan defends his government 's intervention in the currency market
Chicago  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's re-election campaign said Tuesday it is returning about $ 200,000 in donations collected by two Chicago men after a newspaper report described their brother as a fugitive with alleged links to violence and corruption in Mexico . "  More than 1.3 million Americans have donated to the campaign and we constantly review those contributions for any issues , " Obama campaign spokesman Ben LaBolt said . "  On the basis of the questions that have been raised , we will return the contributions from these individuals and from any other donors they brought to the campaign . " The announcement came after The New York Times published a report detailing alleged ties between the two campaign donors and a Mexican casino magnate . Carlos Rojas Cardona and Alberto Rojas Cardona began raising money for the Obama campaign and the Democratic National Committee in Chicago last fall , according to the newspaper . Various members of their family gave a total of $ 200,000 due to the efforts of the men , an Obama campaign official told CNN . The two Chicago-based brothers maintain connections with a third brother , Juan Jose "  Pepe " Rojas Cardona , a Mexican casino magnate who pleaded guilty to U.S. federal drug charges in 1994 and later jumped bail in Iowa , the New York Times said , citing public records and news reports . A 2009 U.S. State Department cable obtained by WikiLeaks alleges that Pepe Rojas had ties with violence and organized crime . Citing an anonymous source , the cable also alleges that Pepe Rojas and another brother had donated millions of dollars to political campaigns in northern Mexico , in addition to providing one candidate with a helicopter and free advertising . "  Obviously we did n't know who these folks were , and they themselves were not the guilty party , and the vet did n't go deep enough , obviously , " David Axelrod , a senior strategist for Obama 's re-election campaign , said on MSNBC Tuesday morning . "  When we found out about these entanglements , we returned all the money that they donated and raised , and we 'll continue to do that . " That was the right move , according to Manny Sanchez , a Chicago attorney and staunch Obama supporter . "  If it appears like it might be questionable , the smartest thing is to return the money and just back off , " said Sanchez , who first met Carlos and Alberto Rojas at a fundraiser organized by influential Latino Democrats in Chicago last December . "  The appearance does n't look good , but I can tell you this : nothing nefarious was involved in any of the exposures I had to either of the brothers . ... The brother in Mexico , the name never came up nor did any activity with respect to this brother ever come up , " he said . They might not have anything to do with their brother 's alleged activities in Mexico , he said . "  I step back a second and say , just because someone 's got a sibling with some issues does n't necessarily impact or reflect poorly on the siblings that are here , " he said . Carlos , Alberto and Pepe Rojas could not be immediately reached for comment . Accounts in the Mexican magazine Proceso describe Pepe Rojas as a "  casino czar " with numerous holdings in the industrial city of Monterrey . The magazine said he had donated millions of dollars to candidates at the state and federal level , suggesting some donations paved the way for obtaining casino licenses . Pepe Rojas pleaded guilty to federal drug charges in 1994 after authorities accused him of transporting marijuana in New Mexico . A judge granted prosecutors ' request to dismiss the indictment and close the case in 1998 . He was convicted of felony theft and forgery charges in Iowa state court two decades ago , and there is still a warrant for his arrest there stemming from a judge 's decision to revoke his probation after his 1994 federal drug arrest , Johnson County Attorney Janet Lyness said . In 1991 , authorities say , he forged and cashed hundreds of dollars worth of employee paychecks while working as the vice president of a telemarketing company , Lyness said . When an attorney requested that Iowa 's governor pardon Pepe Rojas for the state charges last year , Lyness replied that he did not deserve a pardon . "  He hurt a lot of very innocent people in his actions , " she said Tuesday . "  He has yet to take responsibility . " CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Gustavo Valdes , Rafael Romo , Rene Hernandez , Krupskaia Alis and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : An attorney says he saw "  nothing nefarious " about the fundraising brothers Report : The fundraisers ' brother is a Mexican casino magnate A State Department cable alleges connections with organized crime Pepe Rojas is wanted on a warrant in Iowa after his probation was revoked
An Israel air force pilot , the son of an astronaut who died aboard the space shuttle Columbia in 2003 , was killed Sunday in an F-16 fighter jet crash , Israel Defense Forces said in a statement . A military helicopter hovers over the Hebron Hills , site of the jet crash Sunday of Israel air force pilot Assaf Ramon . Lt. Assaf Ramon died in the crash near the Israeli community of P'nei Chever in the southern Hebron Hills , the IDF said . The F-16 crashed "  during a routine flight as part of the advanced pilot training course , " the statement said . The wreckage of the plane was found by search and rescue forces , the IDF said . Ramon was posthumously promoted to captain , officials said . He was the son of Col. Ilan Ramon , Israel 's first astronaut . The elder Ramon died February 1 , 2003 , with six others aboard the space shuttle Columbia when it broke apart over Texas , minutes before it would have landed in Florida . Maj. Gen. Ido Nehushtan , Israel air force commander , launched an investigation into the crash , the IDF said . All F-16 training flights were canceled until further notice . Nehushtan and Maj. Gen. Avi Zamir , head of the Personnel Branch , "  visited the home of Rona Ramon and informed her of the tragic event , " the IDF said . Rona Ramon is Assaf Ramon 's mother and the widow of Ilan Ramon . The younger Ramon excelled in an IAF pilot training course last month , received a presidential honor , and was given his pilot 's wings by President Shimon Peres , Israeli military officials said . Funeral arrangements were pending .	Lt. Assaf Ramon fatally crashes during routine flight , Israel Defense Forces say IDF : Personnel Branch brass "  informed -LSB- mother Rona Ramon -RSB- of the tragic event " Assaf Ramon 's father died February 1 , 2003 , aboard the space shuttle Columbia
CNN  -- Amid rising tensions and fresh violence , Ukrainian authorities on Friday accused Russia of sending dozens of its military vehicles into its territory -- though the Kremlin have knocked down such reports as unfounded and "  provocative . " At a briefing Friday , Ukrainian defense spokesman Andriy Lysenko said that 32 tanks , 16 D-30 howitzers and 30 KamAZ heavy trucks crossed past a border checkpoint and headed toward the volatile Luhansk region on Thursday . Another Ukrainian official , Dmytro Tymchuk , alleged the "  armored column " consisted of "  a battalion tactical group of the Russian Armed Forces , " also according to Ukrinform state news agency . A NATO military officer said Friday that the alliance -- which does n't include Ukraine but does include several of its neighbors -- is looking into these reports and knows of an increase in Russian troops and equipment on its eastern border . "  If this crossing into Ukraine is confirmed , it would be further evidence of Russia 's aggression and direct involvement in destabilizing Ukraine , " the officer said . Earlier this week , Canadian Foreign Minister John Baird said that he was "  deeply concerned by reports of Russian troops moving closer to the border of Ukraine , " calling such movement "  provocative " and "  further proof that the Kremlin only seeks to hamper the peace process in Ukraine . " On Friday , a Russian defense ministry official quoted by the country 's state-run TASS news agency criticized what he called "  all such provocative reports aimed at further fueling of tension  s  . " The official claimed that a single source had made up the Russian troop movement sightings , reports that have also showed up as "  rumors in social networks . " Wherever the truth lies , southeastern Ukraine itself remains very unsettled -- with separatists claiming control over some of the region , despite the efforts of Ukraine 's central government in Kiev . Those leaders in Kiev have accused Moscow of fomenting the rebellion , in part by aiding the separatists ' militarily and even sending its own troops into Ukraine to take part in the fight . Kremlin officials have consistently denied such claims and accused Kiev authorities of stirring up further unrest . The violence in the region has ebbed and flowed over the past few months , though it 's never gone away . In fact , Lysenko told reporters Friday that five Ukrainian soldiers had been killed and 16 more wounded in Donbas over a recent 24-hour stretch . And Tymchuk said that rebels have been shelling security forces beyond that as well , including 15 recent attacks around Debaltseve , 12 around Donetsk , 10 around Pervomaisky and seven around Luhansk . High turnout in separatist Ukraine vote	NEW : NATO officer : Crossing would be latest sign of "  Russia 's aggression , " destabilizing efforts Ukraine official : Russia 's military sent an "  armored column " across border into Ukraine Another Ukrainian official says this includes 32 tanks , 30 KamAZ trucks , 16 howitzers Russia blasts reports of its troop movements near Ukraine as unfounded and "  provocative "
CNN  -- A replica of a 1910 aircraft built by flight pioneers Orville and Wilbur Wright crashed Saturday in a field near Springfield , Ohio , killing the two men aboard , the Ohio State Highway Patrol reported . The aircraft was reported downed shortly before 11 a.m. , the agency said in a statement . It had taken off from Springfield Beckley Municipal Airport . Police identified the dead men as Don Gum , 73 , of Beaver Creek , Ohio , and Mitchell Cary , 65 , of Yellow Springs , Ohio . The cause of the crash remained under investigation , according to the highway patrol . It 's looking into the incident along with the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board . The plane , owned by Wright "  B " Flyer Inc. of Dayton , Ohio -- a volunteer nonprofit group -- was a copy of a Wright Model B aircraft produced seven years after the brothers ' celebrated first powered flight . It began test flights in June and performed well , according to a press release on the organization 's website . The organization designed the plane to resemble the 1910 edition , but built it so that it could be more easily taken apart and shipped to international events , the company said in the June press release . It was built with a modern engine , controls and materials , the organization said . Gum and Cary were members of the group 's board of trustees and Cary was a former president , CNN affiliate WHIO-TV reported . "  Mitch and Don were highly competent pilots with extensive experience flying Wright ` B ' Flyer airplanes and other experimental aircraft , " WHIO quoted president Phil Beaudoin as saying .	Plane crashes near Springfield , Ohio Two men on board died The plane began test flights in June
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Anton Tanumihardja had his bags packed , anxious about his flight back to his home country , Indonesia . It was a trip he did not want to make after spending the past eight years in the United States . He feared his absence would mean the end for his relationship with his boyfriend . In a bitter twist , he would be leaving on the night of Valentine 's Day . At the last minute came a temporary reprieve : Federal immigration officials issued a stay of deportation just three hours before his flight was to take off . Tanumihardja , who is openly gay , has filed for political asylum , fearing persecution if he is forced to return to Indonesia . He says his homeland is not tolerant of homosexuals . Although the order gives Tanumihardja more time in Philadelphia , it does not guarantee he can stay forever . It remains in effect until authorities decide whether to reopen his political asylum application . Tanumihardja , 45 , came to the United States in 2002 with a tourist visa from Jakarta , Indonesia . After his visa expired , he filed for political asylum and received a work permit while his case was being reviewed . When his asylum application and subsequent appeals were denied , immigration authorities told him he had to leave on Monday . "  I got a lot of support from the people who love me and want me to stay , " Tanumihardja said before breaking down into tears . "  I do not expect anything in return from this country . I just want my status to be legal here . " In addition to his sexual orientation , Tanumihardja is ethnic Chinese and Catholic , making his return to Indonesia more daunting because he would be a triple minority in the predominantly Muslim country . "  Going back to my country means I have to be closed , " he said , referring to his sexual orientation . "  I can not come out in my country and have to be hiding who I am . " The root issues of Tanumijardja 's case are more complicated than simply deporting someone for an overstayed visa or denying a political asylum application , according to his attorney , Lavi Soloway . The case sits at the intersection of gay rights and immigration reform , he says . "  Our whole immigration system , 80 % of the cases are based on family unification , it 's about keeping the family together , " Soloway said . "  But this just does n't register with the LGBT community . It 's a reflection of anti-gay discrimination . " Tanumihardja started dating Brian Andersen last fall , and they have been inseparable ever since . Andersen , 28 , is an American citizen . If they were heterosexual and planned to marry , Tanumihardja could possibly have been sponsored for residency , Soloway argues . Under current U.S. law , the sponsorship option does not exist for same-sex couples . Tanumihardja , who has a degree in accounting and marketing , works at Coventry Deli in downtown Philadelphia where he also doubles as the bookkeeper . He will continue his fight to stay , he said . "  I do my best for this county , I love this country , " he said . Soloway says he fears for Tanumihardja if he is forced to return to Indonesia . "  He is a gay man who has had the opportunity to live openly as a gay man in Philadelphia . And now he 's going back to live where in order to survive , you can not be open , " Soloway said . "  We guard against taking for granted our freedom to be with those we love . " The last-minute stay of deportation has Tanumihardja and Andersen relieved , but cautious . "  This is the best we could of hoped for at this point , " Andersen said after hearing the news . "  It 's something that is very real and happening . "	Anton Tanumihardja came to the U.S. from Indonesia in 2002 He applied for asylum because of his sexual orientation He faced deportation on Valentine 's Day , but got a last-minute reprieve His attorney says his case spotlights inequalities for same-sex couples applying for asylum
CNN  -- A pair of suicide car bombs exploded near a security checkpoint in central Baghdad Monday morning , killing at least three people and wounding 20 others , Iraq 's interior ministry said . The casualties included Iraqi security forces and civilians , according to the ministry . The attack took place at the western entrance to the Green Zone -- a heavily fortified area which houses Iraqi government offices and many foreign embassies , including the U.S. and British embassies .	Suicide car bombs are part of an attack on a security checkpoint The casualties include Iraqi security forces and civilians
Hong Kong  CNN  -- On the stand for drug trafficking , Talina Prieto Vazquez tearfully insisted she did n't know that when her husband brought her to Hong Kong she would be taking part in one of the city 's largest ever cocaine trafficking cases . Prieto Vazquez , 29 , had been caught with 538 kilograms of cocaine  about 1,285 pounds  , worth some $ 65 million . She was among a group of five Mexicans and one American - including her husband JosuÃ © Mario Bravo Galindo - that police arrested in Tuen Mun , northern Hong Kong , in September , 2011 . Their three-year-old son was also taken into custody following the raid . "  My baby is the most important thing in my life , " Prieto Vazquez said during her trial in May . The drug case highlighted the role Hong Kong plays as a staging post in a booming trade between Latin American drug producers and a growing illegal drug market in mainland China . Judge Gareth Lugar-Mawson , presiding over the case , said during the trial that the "  majority of that cocaine would most likely go out of Hong Kong into the mainland . " Authorities have seized increasingly larger illegal drug shipments over the past few years as the mainland 's appetite for so-called luxury drugs like cocaine grows . Since the 2011 bust , Hong Kong 's record was broken in 2012 , with a 649 kilogram seizure , which was worth $ 98 million . While Hong Kong has strong sentences for drug trafficking , there is no capital punishment for offenders unlike in mainland China , making the city a favored transit post for drug traffickers , experts say . The number of smaller traffickers , called mules , has also sharply increased in local prisons . A year ago , 20 Colombians were caught at Hong Kong 's borders carrying smaller amounts of narcotics on them . Since April 2012 , the local consulate recorded 45 new arrests . Prieto Vazquez claims that hardship forced her family into the drug trade . During the two-week trial , her husband told the court he had gotten into a $ 35,000 debt with loan sharks in Mexico . Unable to repay and under threats of violence , he was offered the opportunity to "  work off " the debt . "  I was told that I had to come to Hong Kong and , here , I 'd receive further instructions , " Bravo Galindo said from the witness stand . But it ended with the whole family in custody in Hong Kong , according to Prieto Vazquez ' defense . Her husband was trying to deceive the police behind the faÃ § ade of a family tour , Prieto Vazquez ' defense lawyer Keith Odeberg said in court . "  Bravo Galindo pressured -LSB- his wife -RSB- to come to Hong Kong and use -LSB- his family -RSB- as cover -- that was his secret agenda , " Odeberg said in his closing statement , to justify his client 's claim she did n't know about the narcotics . Prosecutor John Murray asked why their trip to Asia was to take seven weeks , as this would mean Prieto Vazquez would have needed substantial holiday time from her nursing assistant job in Mexico . Mexican law allows six to 12 days yearly paid leave for people at the beginning of their careers . Murray questioned the family 's story during his cross-examination of Bravo Galindo . "  I 'm going to put to  you  that you are lying , " he told the 33-year-old witness . Bravo Galindo , through a Spanish translation , denied it . During her statements in court , Prieto Vazquez maintained her innocence . Authorities arrested her walking out of a warehouse in northern Hong Kong where hundreds of kilos of cocaine were found and six kilos of the drug were in her purse . "  I can not prove that I did n't know there were drugs in my bag , but I will not give up , because God knows it and I did n't know anything , " Prieto Vazquez insisted in court . The all-female jury , however , brought back a verdict of guilty . She was sentenced to 27 years in prison . Her husband , Bravo Galindo , received a lighter sentence for his guilty plea and was jailed for 24 years and eight months . Meanwhile , their toddler will be raised by relatives of the father in Mexico . He will spend time with different members of his family , but will not know a stable family life , Odeberg said in court . Eudora Wong contributed to this report	Woman claimed she was unaware her husband and her were trafficking drugs Drug haul of 1,285 pounds of cocaine was one of biggest in Hong Kong Hong Kong is becoming a transit post for dealers bringing drugs into China
CNN  -- He began his career as a bus driver in Caracas , then rose through the ranks to become a member of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's inner circle . Now , if Chavez 's health worsens , Vice President Nicolas Maduro could be the one to take the reins . Chavez , who is battling cancer , said Saturday that Maduro should replace him "  if something were to happen that would incapacitate me . " "  My firm opinion , as clear as the full moon -- irrevocable , absolute , total -- is ... that you elect Nicolas Maduro as president , " Chavez said , waving a copy of the Venezuelan Constitution as he spoke . "  I ask this of you from my heart . He is one of the young leaders with the greatest ability to continue , if I can not . " The televised address marked the first time the Venezuelan president specified whom he wants to be his successor . Maduro , 50 , has long been a high-profile face in Chavez 's administration . He is often seen in the front row of Chavez 's press conferences and has traveled to Cuba as the Venezuelan leader undergoes cancer treatment . Read more : Venezuelan lawmakers debate Chavez 's trip to Cuba for cancer surgery "  He is without a doubt one the ministers who is closest to Chavez , " political analyst German Campos told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol after Chavez tapped Maduro as vice president in October . Maduro is also Venezuela 's foreign minister , a position he 's held since 2006 . In that role , Maduro has been the South American country 's top diplomat as tensions rose with the United States and ties grew with Cuba . "  The U.S. Department of the Treasury is trying to become a sort of world police agency to describe decent citizens of our country ... as drug traffickers , " Maduro said in 2011 , after the department added four Venezuelan officials to its drug kingpin list . "  A country like that has no moral authority to judge generals and political officials in Venezuela , " Maduro said . "  We reject it and we believe that the drug trafficking mafias are there , in a sick society like the United States . " After security screeners detained him at New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport in 2006 , Maduro called the U.S. government "  racist " and "  Nazi " and said the United States does not appreciate Latin American countries . There are two sides to Maduro , said Javier Corrales , a professor of political science at Amherst College in Massachusetts . "  On the one hand , he has been behind some of the most radical , crazy foreign policy decisions of the Chavez administration . Support for Libya , you name it , all the radical decisions , he has been behind them , " Corrales said . "  But he also has been behind some of the most pragmatic and conciliatory decisions , including the turnaround in relations with Colombia . " That 's a marked contrast with the inflammatory Chavez , who rarely turns to compromise , Corrales said . Before his role representing Venezuela abroad , Maduro honed his political skills at home . He became a union leader while working for the Caracas metro system . After Chavez came to power in 1999 , Maduro participated in an assembly that drafted a new constitution . He served as a congressman until 2006 , when he was tapped as foreign minister . If the president dies , Venezuela 's constitution specifies that the vice president assumes the presidency until new elections can be held . But analysts have said it 's difficult to determine who would succeed Chavez , whose personal charisma and popularity have led to throngs of followers who call themselves "  Chavistas . " "  You have to ask what 's held things together in Venezuela . ... Part of what 's held it together is that Chavez , despite his government 's problems , is somebody who has a tremendous emotional connection and charisma with a lot of Venezuelans , " said Michael Shifter , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue think tank . "  All of the people who are potential successors of Chavez are people who are polarizing and confrontational , " Shifter told CNN earlier this year . "  They 're loyal to Chavez , but they do n't have Chavez 's ability to connect with most Venezuelans . " Polls have indicated that although Chavez still has strong backing from his supporters , other possible successors do n't seem to generate that kind of enthusiasm . A February poll by the Datanalisis firm showed Maduro with 9.8 % support among militant members of Chavez 's United Socialist Party of Venezuela . But that was before Chavez 's remarks supporting Maduro on Saturday , which will likely bolster support for the vice president within the government and among fervent Chavistas , Corrales said . "  When popular presidents make an endorsement , that always has an effect , " Corrales said . "  This is an important thing that Chavez needed to do . " When he named Maduro as vice president in October , Chavez noted his extensive experience on "  different battlefronts . " "  The bourgeoisie make fun of Nicolas Maduro because he was a bus driver , " Chavez said , "  and look where he 's going now . " CNN 's Patrick Oppmann , Mariano Castillo and Arthur Brice and journalist Osmary Hernandez contributed to this report .	NEW : Analyst : Nicolas Maduro was behind radical foreign policy decisions , but also compromises Hugo Chavez says he wants Maduro to replace him if his health worsens Maduro , 50 , is Venezuela 's vice president and foreign minister He started his career as a bus driver , then later become a union leader and a politician
Thailand 's military declared Thursday that it has taken control of the country in a coup . Two days earlier , the military declared martial law , saying the aim was to calm tensions . What 's fueling the situation in Thailand ? What could happen next ? And why should you be paying attention ? Here 's a guide to understanding the country 's fast-moving crisis : What 's the latest ? Details are sketchy , but Thailand 's military chief announced Thursday in a national address that the armed forces had taken control of the country after rival factions were unable to reach an agreement to govern . On Tuesday , the military declared martial law without consulting the country 's interim prime minister , who was serving in a caretaker status after former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra -- also a caretaker -- was ousted by Thailand 's Constitutional Court . An aide to interim Prime Minister Niwatthamrong Boonsongpaisan described Tuesday 's move by the military as "  half a coup d'etat . " There 's been no reaction from Niwatthamrong 's camp so far . The country remains under martial law , which among other things includes restrictions on where protesters can gather , what TV and radio broadcasters can air and social media posts , according to the Bangkok Post . Thailand wakes up to military rule : What it means How did things get to this point ? Thailand 's politics have been in turmoil for years , driven in large part by a schism between populists , many of them rural and poor , and a largely urban middle class and elite in Bangkok partial to the nation 's royal establishment . The current disruption has its roots in the 2006 military ouster of billionaire Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who built a strong political base with populist policies that appealed to rural villagers in Thailand 's north . Thaksin 's removal led to a broad-based opposition movement that came to a head with widespread demonstrations in parts of Bangkok in 2010 . The military violently suppressed the protests , resulting in some 90 deaths . A year later Thaksin 's sister , Yingluck Shinawatra , rode a wave of opposition votes into power . In 2013 , Yingluck proposed legislation that would have granted amnesty to Thaksin and others . The move set off a new wave of protests and anger -- this time among Bangkok 's urban elites and middle class sometimes known as "  Yellow Shirts " -- who want an end to the involvement of Thaksin 's family in Thai politics for good . In May , Thailand 's Constitutional Court removed Yingluck and nine Cabinet ministers from office , saying she had violated the Thai Constitution by reassigning a senior security official in 2011 . Populists known as "  Red Shirts " saw her ouster as a "  judicial coup " and have been protesting what they consider a bias by many of the country 's institutions against their side . Things escalated last week when three Yellow Shirt protesters died and 23 were injured after gunmen opened fire on a protest camp . The violence prompted an ominous warning from the army chief that troops would have to step in if the situation did n't calm down . What 's next ? Before the coup , the army chief , Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha , said the next step would be bringing "  rival parties to talk in peace . " It was n't immediately clear if such negotiation is still on the table , or if the military has other plans . Previously , Thitinan Pongsudhirak , a political science professor at Chulalongkorn University in Bangkok , said the military was in a precarious situation . "  They have to be evenhanded , " he said at the time . "  If it 's seen as favoring one side or the other side , then we could see more violence and turmoil against the military , " he said . Has anything like this ever happened before in Thailand ? Thailand is no stranger to military coups . Including Thursday 's coup , the military has attempted 19 coups in 80 years ; 12 have been successful . Before Thursday , the last one was in 2006 when the military sent tanks onto the streets before ousting Thaksin . Soldiers , selfies and martial law Why should I care about this ? Thailand 's political instability could have an impact beyond the country 's borders . "  Known as the ` Detroit of the East , ' Thailand has risen to become a vital manufacturing and assembly hub of hard-disk drives and automobiles for Japanese and Western firms , " the Center for Strategic and International Studies said in a December analysis of the political crisis . The months of protests have already hurt Thailand 's economy and run the risk of making the country less attractive to investors and governments looking to strike up deals , analysts said . "  A reputation for perpetual political unrest would definitely hurt Thailand 's competitiveness and attractiveness to foreign investment in the future , " the analysis said . A recent report from the U.S. Congressional Research Service noted that "  Bangkok 's reliability as a partner , and its ability to be a regional leader , are uncertain . " "  A stable Thailand is strategically important to the United States , both because of its status as a U.S. treaty ally and as an anchor for mainland Southeast Asia , " the report said . "  U.S. policymakers are faced with how to deal with an unraveling democracy and how to respond to profound concerns about the civilian-military balance in Thai society . " This sounds familiar . How does it compare to what we 've seen in other countries ? Around the world , we 've heard a lot about coups recently . In Libya , some troops have been arguing that increasing military power that 's rallying behind a renegade local general is n't anything about which to worry . But the Libyan government and the military command in Tripoli reacted with alarm , saying that they did n't order retired Gen. Khalifa Haftar 's deadly attacks against Islamist militants last week , and that the operation -- which they conceded included some Libyan soldiers -- amounted to a coup . In February , Ukraine 's President claimed a coup had forced him from office , while lawmakers said they were following the will of the people when parliament voted to oust him and hold new elections . A military coup in Egypt last year ousted President Mohamed Morsy from office and placed an interim leader in power . A debate surged afterward about whether a coup was an appropriate term to use for the ouster .	Army declares coup as Thailand remains under martial law It 's unclear what will happen next ; army had sought political dialogue The volatile political situation has affected Thailand 's economy
New Delhi  CNN  -- A 3-month-old baby , whose father has been arrested on allegations he beat her for being born a girl , died Wednesday at a hospital in South India , a doctor said . The baby , named Afreen , was hospitalized in Bangalore on Sunday with burn marks on her head and a dislocated neck , injuries that police said were caused by her father , Umar Farooq . Farooq , a 22-year-old car painter , was arrested Sunday and is in custody facing trial on charges of attempted murder , said N.H. Siddappa , a police investigator . Following Afreen 's death , Farooq will now be charged with murder , Siddappa said . The baby died of cardiac arrest after multiple convulsions Wednesday , said R. Premalatha , a pediatrician at Bangalore 's Vani Vilas Hospital . Siddappa said that Farooq had confessed to battering the baby because he wanted a son . According to the police , Afreen was the first child of Farooq and his 19-year-old wife . The case highlights the preference among many Indians for sons over daughters , a situation that has already created a worrisome gender imbalance in the world 's second most populous nation after China . A 2011 census report recorded an alarming drop in the percentage of girls among the country 's preschoolers . For every 1,000 boys aged 6 or younger , the findings counted 914 girls , down from 927 a decade ago -- the lowest ratio since India gained independence in 1947 , according to the report . Sex-selective abortions , although illegal in India , are believed to be rampant , often aided by unauthorized clinics . "  The reasons for high number of incidence of female feticide in India include a deep-rooted traditional son preference , continued practice of dowry , and concern for safety of the girl child and exploitation and abuse of women and girl children , " Krishna Tirath , India 's minister for women and child development , said last year . Afreen 's death follows that of a 2-year-old abandoned girl last month . The 2-year-old , named Falak , had been hospitalized in New Delhi with severe head injuries , fractured arms and human bite marks covering her tiny body . Once the police began investigating Falak 's back story , they unearthed suspicions of a human trafficking ring . The details sparked outrage among authorities and the public alike , who say the case raises a host of questions about child abandonment , exploitation and the poor treatment of girls and women in India .	3-month-old Afreen Farooq died of cardiac arrest after convulsions , a doctor says Her father , already in custody , will be charged with murder , police say Police say the father has confessed to beating the little girl because he wanted a son The case highlights the preference among many Indians for sons over daughters
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- A month after an attack on Kenya 's Westgate Mall claimed at least 67 lives , leaked video footage from inside has sparked anger amid claims that it shows soldiers looting from stores as they hunted for the gunmen . The security camera footage shows Kenyan army soldiers striding through the Nakumatt department store , close to where one victim was shot to death hours earlier . Read more : Al-Shabaab grew amid Somalia 's lawlessness One soldier , and then another , peels off to pick up objects from displays . It 's impossible to see exactly what they take , but the footage -- leaked by police -- has fueled allegations by storekeepers of army looting . Atul Shah , managing director of Nakumatt Holdings , told CNN it was impossible to tell exactly what , if anything , was taken from the store -- which held stock worth more than $ 16 million -- because it burned in the course of the four-day siege . "  So I can not say specifically anything was looted , " he said , "  but from the video I have seen -- yes , I saw some soldiers coming out with shopping bags . What was inside , what was there -- no , I can not say . " The video may be inconclusive , but it still has Shah asking questions . Source : Store in besieged Kenyan mall run by attackers or associates One piece of footage in particular shows a soldier entering a money exchange booth where Shah said cash is usually kept . He can be seen rummaging around inside and , as he leaves , he appears to put something in his pocket , though it 's not clear what that is . Shah also told CNN that a couple of cash registers that had survived the fire were found to have been forced open . No money remained inside . So far , he said , the army has told him nothing of what happened in his store . "  Let 's hope allegations of looting and all that is not true , but if it is true ... we have a lot to think about our security forces , " said Shah . ` Great care and attention ' As Kenya seeks to recover from an attack that shook the nation , the claims of looting have tinged the sadness many feel with anger . More than a week before the security video was released , Kenya 's Ministry of Defense issued a statement about the allegations . It said that securing the mall was an operation undertaken with other forces and that the army has a history of outstanding performance in operations inside and outside Kenya . Kenya mall attackers prayed , talked on cell phone between shootings The army soldiers took "  great care and attention , " as is necessary in a delicate hostage situation , it said . Some of their own were also killed in the attack . "  However , information is rife in the public domain that some of the  Kenya Defense Forces  soldiers behaved unprofessionally during the operation , " the statement said . The ministry "  is committed to get to the bottom of this , " it said , and urged members of the public to come forward with information and evidence . ` Unfortunate incident ' Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto acknowledged public anger over the alleged looting in a CNN interview . "  I must admit that it 's an unfortunate incident and the president has launched an inquiry to find out exactly what happened , " he said . "  That inquiry is under way , and we will take corrective measures to ensure that anybody and every person who participated in this mall incident , that may have overstepped their mandate , will be brought to book . " Bergen : Al-Shabaab backed by money from U.S. . It will not be possible to say whether anyone is still missing at Westgate Mall until a forensic examination of the rubble is completed , he said . "  That is when we will determine whether there are extra bodies or not , " he said . Ruto , who is on trial in the Netherlands , accused of masterminding violence after Kenya 's disputed election in 2007 , also said he was confident the claims against him would be shown to be "  mere fabricated allegations . " Ruto and Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta , who is on trial alongside his deputy , have denied accusations that they coordinated violence among their respective ethnic groups after the disputed election . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Nairobi and Zain Verjee from London , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Video footage from inside Westgate Mall appears to show soldiers taking items from a store But the store was burned , so it 's hard to say what may have been looted , manager says Kenya 's president has ordered an inquiry into the claims , says Deputy President William Ruto Ministry of Defense says it will get to the bottom of the claims , urges people to come forward
CNN  -- Elected with the largest margin of victory in the history of Taiwan 's presidential elections , President Ma Ying-jeou is aiming to bring the good times back to Taiwan while looking to a friendlier future with China . Smiling through it : President Ma Ying-jeou has some tough challenges ahead . Winning 58 percent of the vote , Ma was swept to victory on the promise of economic growth but through the more controversial method of building closer ties with China . With the backdrop of economic depression Ma 's calls to reinvigorate the economy by freer trade and improved relations with China proved stronger than the fears that those ties could lead to a loss in independence . Nevertheless , with a message of rapprochement , the charismatic former mayor of Taipei has a tough job on his hands in his first presidency . Born in Hong Kong in 1950 , Ma studied at Harvard Law School and worked as a lawyer in New York in 1981 before returning Taiwan . He held a number of posts in government ministries from 1988 , including Minister for Justice for three years from 1993 . However , it was not until he was elected mayor of Taipei in 1998 that he emerged as a potential future president , and he was elected as chairman of the Kuomintang , Taiwan 's Nationalist party , in July 2005 . Yet having built up a solid reputation in Taiwan 's notoriously volatile political culture , his image was tarnished by allegations of corruption while mayor of Taipei in 2006 . It was alleged that he had misappropriated around $ 340,000 , and after resigning his position as head of the Kuomintang to fight the charges , he was finally cleared of all allegations in 2007 . With a clear mandate and popular support he occupies a unique position in Asian politics ; TIME Magazine has said he is in the rare position of being a politician who has the "  opportunity to shape the destiny not only of their own nation but also of an entire region . " Moving swiftly to build stronger links , the first regular direct flights for nearly 60 years between China and Taipei resumed on July 4 . Ma 's administration hopes that Chinese tourists from the mainland will boost the sluggish tourism industry and talks are already underway to increase the number of weekly flights . In a further signal of détente , Guangdong province in China has offered the Taiwanese port city of Kaohsiung two white tigers as a symbol of improved relations . Allaying fears , breaking down generations of mistrust and making Taiwan 's economy roar again will be the considerable challenges of Ma 's administration ; the former barrister will have to use all his negotiating skills to try and fulfill his ambitions .	Taiwan 's premier , Ma Ying-jeou , elected by biggest margin in history Has promised to bring economic prosperity back to Taiwan and engage China Hugely difficult task ahead of strengthening ties with China and allaying public fears
CNN  -- BP began deploying pressure sensors on its ruptured undersea well in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday in an effort to fine-tune estimates of the worst oil spill in U.S. history , government and company officials said . BP used remote-controlled submarines to begin positioning the sensors inside the well , located 5,000 feet below the surface of the Gulf , company spokesman Mark Proegler said . The sensors were requested by federal experts who have been trying to gauge how much oil has been pouring from the well , which experts say could have been spewing as much as 1.7 million gallons of oil a day into the Gulf . But Proegler said the devices may not yield accurate information for several days . "  It 's not as if they 'll plug these sensors in and get readings right away , " he said . Researchers recently doubled estimates of how much oil has been flowing from the ruptured well , saying last week that up to 40,000 barrels -- or 1.7 million gallons -- a day may have leaked for weeks . Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , the Obama administration 's point man on the disaster , said the sensors will help give those researchers a better picture of the flow rate . "  We think we need some independent pressure readings to validate the estimates that have been made by the scientists looking at the video and some other acoustic data , " Allen said Sunday on CBS 's "  Face the Nation . " Allen 's deputy , Rear Adm. James Watson , has given BP until Sunday to provide alternative plans that adequately address substantially higher rates of oil flow . The company said Saturday that it was reviewing a letter from Watson , but no response had been disclosed late Sunday . The oil is believed to have been pouring into the Gulf since the April 20 explosion that sank the offshore drill rig Deepwater Horizon , killing 11 workers . The spill now dwarfs the 11 million gallons that were dumped into Alaska 's Prince William Sound when the tanker Exxon Valdez ran aground in 1989 , and oil in varying amounts and consistencies has hit the shores of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida . Allen said the battle against the oil "  continues to widen , " with efforts now being focused on the stretch of open water between the wellhead and about 15 miles off the coast . "  Rather than trying to capture all around the well head , we 've got to get our skimmers further offshore and protect it so we minimize the amount of oil that comes ashore , " he said . Allen 's comments came on the eve of President Barack Obama 's fourth scheduled visit to the stricken Gulf region , a two-day trip that will be followed by a Tuesday night address to the nation . Obama is scheduled to visit Mississippi , Alabama and Florida on Monday and Tuesday , then meet with BP executives on Wednesday . BP has captured some of the gushing oil through a containment cap that has been pumping the crude up to a drilling ship for about a week . BP said it collected more than 15,000 barrels of oil on Saturday and more than 7,700 by noon Sunday . But despite this advancement , pressure has not been removed from BP . White House adviser David Axelrod said Sunday the Obama administration wants BP to set up a massive , independently administered fund for cleaning up the oil-stricken Gulf states . "  The president will use every legal device at his disposal to make sure that this money is escrowed and that there is an independent administrator so that claims are not slow-walked , people can get the relief they need in a timely fashion and that we do n't create more victims from this terrible disaster , " Axelrod told reporters . He said administration lawyers have advised "  that we have the authority to compel such an escrow fund , if it comes to that . " Estimates of the cleanup costs and the damages BP will owe to businesses and residents on the Gulf Coast range from $ 3 billion to $ 40 billion . BP said it already has spent more than $ 1 billion trying to cap the spill and clean up the areas affected by the oil . Axelrod did not discuss how much money might be set up in the fund . But Allen told CBS that BP was "  a company that 's got a lot of wealth inside it . " And a group of 54 Senate Democrats -- nearly all the Democratic caucus -- has called on BP to put $ 20 billion in trust for the spill . In a letter to the oil company 's CEO , Tony Hayward , they note that the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill in Alaska 's Prince William Sound cost $ 7 billion , but Exxon paid far less for damages while continuing to make major profits . Alabama Gov. Bob Riley told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday that he did n't care how the money was paid out . But he said BP owed "  every one " of his state 's Gulf Coast businesses . "  I do n't think there is a dividing line , " said Riley , a Republican . "  I do n't think you can say that one group is going to get it and another one does n't . If a restaurant in Gulf Shores , Alabama , is off 50 percent because the tourists did n't come , I think he is owed 50 percent of his revenues from last year . "  The same thing with anyone in these areas , because the whole economy is based on the tourist market , " he said . "  And when it goes away , someone 's got to compensate them , because most of these people are not going to be here next year if we do n't . " Riley also criticized the Obama administration 's handling of the disaster , saying the "  unified command " set up with the federal government and BP is mounting a disjointed response . "  You ca n't have a committee making the decisions that are going to impact this entire coastal area . You ca n't have someone come in and say , ` Well , if it gets onto the beach , we 'll clean it up and we 'll clean it up rapidly , ' and then OSHA come in and say , ` Well , the people ca n't work but 20 minutes out of an hour or two hours a day , ' and get it cleaned up . Someone is going to have to be in charge of each one of these operations , " he said . Riley , Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour and Florida Gov. Charlie Crist are scheduled to meet with the president during his two-day visit . Barbour told CBS he was pleased to hear Allen talk of trying to fight the oil offshore rather than on the beaches , but said he would push Obama to end the six-month moratorium he slapped on offshore oil exploration since the disaster began . Obama has said no drilling should go forward until investigators determine the cause of the explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon . But Barbour said Obama "  is going to hurt the national economy " if the temporary ban is n't lifted . "  There have been more than 30,000 oil wells drilled in the Gulf of Mexico in the last 50 years . This is the first time something like this has ever happened . And we need to get to the bottom of it , find out what happened , make sure it does n't happen again . But I think it is very reasonable to continue to drill , " Barbour said .	NEW : Deadline for new plan nears BP says new sensors deployed Sunday Alabama governor says BP owes all on coast Obama visits Gulf states Monday-Tuesday
New Delhi  CNN  -- Every morning at the crack of dawn , residents of a New Delhi slum gather by the railway tracks to do what most would only do in private -- go to the toilet . One by one , they arrive with water bottles in hand . Some try to hide , while others are less coy . Many seem unfazed by the trains that rumble past , blaring their horns , warning people to move off the tracks . This has been shop owner Mukhesh 's morning routine for the past 40 years . "  I guess I do get embarrassed but what can I do ? " Mukhesh asked with a shy grin . India 's vast railways system , which carries some 11 million passengers a day , is often called the lifeline of India . But one government official has dubbed it something else . "  The Indian railway is really the world 's biggest open toilet , " said Jairam Ramesh , Minister of Rural Development , at a recent bio-lavatory launch . "  Nearly 60 % of the people in the world who defecate in the open belong to India , we should be ashamed of this , " he said . Kalaiselvi , 24 , was embarrassed to talk about it . In search of a better life , she left her village in southern India and moved to New Delhi a year ago . Little did she know she 'd be struggling to find the most basic of facilities in the country 's capital . ` Not a single toilet here , " she said . "  I really feel very ashamed , men and women  go  nearby , it 's really difficult conditions . " She said she only goes before sunrise at 4 a.m. and then after sunset at 7 or 8 p.m. Both Mukhesh and Kalaiselvi live in a settlement colony with 3,000 people , just minutes away from New Delhi 's Commonwealth Games Stadium and a major five-star hotel . The neighborhood is typical of most Indian slums , small , one-room houses crammed with all the trimmings of modernity -- satellite television , refrigerators and air coolers -- but not a single household has a toilet . According to the World Health Organization , open areas are the only toilet option for an estimated 625 million Indians . A recent government census showed nearly half of India 's households do not have a toilet , but more people own a mobile phone -- 53.2 % of Indians have a mobile phone compared to 46.9 % with lavatories . Kalaiselvi could n't build a toilet even if she wanted to ; there are no sewage drainage lines at her area . "  Out of 7,935 towns in India , only 162 have sewage treatment plants , " said Bindeshwar Pathak , founder of Sulabh International -- an NGO working to provide low-cost environmentally friendly toilets to India 's poor for more than 40 years . Now Pathak has an innovative and simple solution that has helped transform the lives of millions of Indians . It 's called the Sulabh Shauchalya , or Sulabh toilet , and it 's based on a two-pit system . Both pits are attached to one latrine , but when one pit is being used , the other does the composting . No concrete is used and the soil naturally turns waste into fertilizer over time . It can be set up for as little as US$ 15 and it also only requires one liter of water to flush , while normal septic tank latrines require some seven to 10 liters of water . Sulabh International has built some 1.2 million household toilets and 8,000 public toilets across India . Pathak says the Indian government has made 50 million toilets based on the two-pit design . He 's also taken the technology to 14 other countries in Africa . In a village in the Mewat district of Haryana , just under 62 miles  100km  from New Delhi , Sulabh has built a two-pit toilet in every household . "  Before we used to go to the jungles and we used to get bitten by mosquitoes and flies and get sick . Since the toilets arrived , everything has changed , it 's much cleaner and a lot better , said Shakuntala , a local resident . It 's something the villagers of Mewat take pride in -- they keep their toilets clean and say they feel like they have finally progressed . "  Mobiles phones are very useful , but with a toilet I feel we have more dignity . I only have one mobile phone but I have two toilets now , " Shakuntala said proudly .	World Health Organization : Open areas the only toilet option for millions in India Most Indian slum housing lacks basic facilities such as toilets Sulabh International working to provide cheap , sustainable toilets for millions
A New York man who pleaded guilty in January to charges of aiding al Qaeda was ready to be a suicide bomber for the organization , but was told he needed more religious instruction , according to a document obtained by CNN on Thursday . Bryant Neal Vinas says he spent time in the mountains of Waziristan with al Qaeda members . Bryant Neal Vinas gave an interview in March to Belgian prosecutors as part of a terrorism case there involving a cell he was associated with . CNN obtained the prosecution-prepared interview summary document from a Belgian defense attorney , and it was authenticated by both a federal prosecutor in New York and Vinas ' defense attorney . The French-language document gives a detailed picture of how Vinas traveled from New York to Pakistan and what he did while he was there . Vinas pleaded guilty in January to charges of conspiracy to murder U.S. nationals , providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization and receiving military-type training from a foreign terrorist organization , the FBI said Wednesday . He admitted involvement in an attack on a U.S. military base in Afghanistan in September 2008 , according to an indictment filed under seal and made public Wednesday . In addition , authorities said he provided al Qaeda with information about the New York transit system and the Long Island Railroad . Vinas , 26 , is an American citizen , said a source close to the investigation . He was arrested in Pakistan , the source said . According to the document obtained Thursday , the Queens , New York-born Vinas converted from Catholicism to Islam in 2004 . He hooked up with al Qaeda in Pakistan three years later , and by September 2007 was determined to wage jihad in Afghanistan , the document says . He left New York exactly six years after al Qaeda struck the city and arrived in Lahore , a major city in eastern Pakistan , on September 12 , 2007 . With the help of a friend he had known in New York , who was connected in militant circles , Vinas sought out individuals in Lahore who could help connect him to jihadists fighting in Afghanistan , according to the document . Weeks later , the document says , Vinas was in Afghanistan 's Kunar province , a hotbed of the insurgency , with a group of 20 insurgents who crept up near an American combat outpost . At the last minute , they decided not to fire mortars on the base because American war planes were circling overhead , the document says . Before launching the raid , Vinas said , recruits were required to sign a number of forms . From the document , it is not clear whether those forms constituted formal membership in al Qaeda , but Vinas stated that "  it was not necessary to sign documents or take part in a ceremony to become a member of al Qaeda . " Later in the document , he was quoted as saying he succeeded in becoming a full member of al Qaeda . Vinas then returned to Mohmand , an agency in Pakistan 's tribal areas , the document says . His handlers then asked him to become a suicide bomber . He agreed , and was sent to Peshawar , Pakistan , to receive more instructions . But Vinas told investigators that his handlers decided he needed more religious instruction before he would be ready to become a suicide bomber , the document said . After his instruction in Peshawar , Vinas said , he traveled into the mountains of Waziristan in Pakistan 's tribal areas . Vinas said that during his time there he spent a lot of time with members of al Qaeda , including operatives from Saudi Arabia and Yemen , according to the document . Between March and July 2008 , Vinas said he attended three al Qaeda training courses , learning how to fire an AK-47 , a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and handguns . He also familiarized himself with explosives and was taught to make suicide bombing vests . At the end of his training , Vinas said , his handlers judged that he was qualified to participate in missile attacks against American , NATO and Afghan bases in Afghanistan , the document said . In September 2008 , Vinas said , he traveled to a town near the Afghan frontier where he joined a group of jihadists including al Qaeda fighters . Creeping toward the Afghan border , he said , the group fired rockets toward an American combat outpost in Afghanistan . This is the attack Vinas pleaded guilty to in January , authorities said Wednesday . After launching the attack , Vinas spent several weeks in the mountains of Waziristan near the Afghan border . It was there , Vinas said , that he had detailed conversations with "  al Qaeda chiefs , " according to the document . Vinas is quoted as saying the subject of those discussions included attacks in the West , including in the United States . Vinas is not quoted in the document elaborating further . Vinas stated that he left Pakistan 's tribal areas in October 2008 and returned to Peshawar in search of a wife . That 's where he was arrested a few weeks later . Vinas is quoted in the document saying that during his stay in Pakistan he spent time with a number of Belgian and French citizens who had traveled to Pakistan 's tribal areas in early 2008 , and who , like Vinas , received military training there . In December 2008 , several members of this group and some of their Brussels associates were arrested on their return to Europe after security services received indications they might be plotting a terrorist attack in Belgium . Belgian magistrates wanted to question Vinas in March for this reason . Vinas pleaded guilty on January 28 in a closed hearing , according to court documents . At the time , the case was filed naming "  John Doe " as a defendant and was sealed . The FBI 's New York office would not say whether Vinas has been sentenced or comment on why the case was sealed . It said Vinas is in the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service . Vinas is also known as "  Ibrahim , " "  Bashir al-Ameriki " and "  Ben Yameen al-Kandee , " according to the indictment unsealed Wednesday . In Pakistan , according to the document , Vinas said he met with the alleged leader of the Franco-Belgian cell , a Tunisian , who Belgian intelligence sources have told CNN was Moez Garsallaoui . Garsallaoui is the husband of Malika el Aroud , a Belgian woman who has been described as an "  icon " of the jihadist movement because her former husband assassinated Ahmed Shah Massoud , the head of Afghanistan 's anti-Taliban Northern Alliance , two days before 9/11 . El Aroud was one of those arrested in Brussels and is awaiting trial , accused of having teamed up with her new husband to recruit Europeans to fight Jihad . In 2006 , CNN interviewed Garsallaoui and El Aroud in Switzerland . Garsallaoui , who Belgian counterterrorism sources believe is still at large in the tribal areas between Afghanistan and Pakistan , boasted to other group members that he had carried out an attack on an American base in Afghanistan , firing rockets from Pakistan , according to legal documents obtained by CNN . It is not clear whether Vinas also joined Garsallaoui on these raids .	Man has pleaded guilty to charges of aiding al Qaeda Bryant Neal Vinas ' interview with Belgian prosecutors is released Vinas says he received extra religious instruction to be OK 'd as bomber He says he discussed attacks in the West with al Qaeda , including in the U.S.
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama and his vice-president , Joe Biden , wo n't be there . As a matter of fact , neither will the heads of state from France or Canada . But the good news for Russian President Vladimir Putin is that FIFA president Sepp Blatter will be at the Sochi Winter Olympics . So far only Lithuania 's president , Dalia GrybauskaitÄ -- -- an outspoken critic of the Russian government -- has openly said that she is boycotting the games for political reasons . The Winter Games have been bedeviled by allegations of corruption leading to cost overruns and Russia 's attitude towards homosexuality However Blatter , who heads world football 's governing body and is a member of the International Olympic Committee  IOC  , believes threats to skip the Games over Russia 's anti-gay laws would be counterproductive . Gay rights activists have been protesting against the law which was passed in June 2013 which prohibits talking about homosexuality in front of children . The law has been widely criticized by Western leaders who have called it archaic and discriminatory , leading to politicians from around the world deciding to snub the Games . But Blatter , whose own organization is facing criticism for holding the 2014 World Cup in Brazil amid protests and domestic unrest says the opportunity for dialogue outweighs a boycott . "  These two events  Sochi and the World Cup in Brazil  have one thing in common : they have both been misused as a platform for political disputes , " he said in his column in FIFA 's weekly magazine . "  In the case of the Winter Olympics , this dispute is coming to a head with threats to boycott the Games . "  Such a boycott would change nothing . On the contrary , it may be interpreted as a refusal to establish a dialogue on the issue , as was the case with boycotts of the Olympic Games in Moscow in 1980 or in Los Angeles in 1984 . "  I believe that such a major event presents a perfect opportunity to strike up conversations and cultivate contacts . " Russian President Vladimir Putin has already stated that no athlete would face discrimination at February 's Games while protestors will have designated zones in Sochi to make their protests . Blatter , the man who infamously said that racism on the pitch could be settled by a handshake , believes that by traveling to Sochi , it will allow issues such as homosexuality to be discussed in front of a larger audience . "  It is also likely that unpleasant issues will be addressed , because FIFA 's fight against discrimination does not end with the anti-racism campaign , " he added . "  We must fight every form of social exclusion . Anyone who decides to boycott the Winter Olympics in Sochi will be surrendering on this important issue , just as anyone running away from a problem will never be able to resolve it . "  This reason alone is why it is important for me to travel to Russia . "	FIFA president Sepp Blatter warns against boycott Swiss says boycott would be a form of "  surrender " Blatter says Brazil 2014 World Cup "  misused as platform for political disputes " Protestors have voiced opposition to Russia 's anti-gay laws
CNN  -- Malaysian officials coordinating the search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have been battered by criticism that they have mishandled the investigation into the plane 's fate and the public response to the crisis . Here 's a look at some of the notable issues raised by critics : Malaysian military radar captured signatures of a plane that is believed to have been Flight 370 , but it was n't immediately noticed . The radar signatures offered evidence that the flight had turned west after its last contact with air traffic controllers , and that contact was lost over the Strait of Malacca . But radar operators did not see it in real time , meaning an opportunity to track the plane while it was in flight may have been lost . While the radar data was the key reason for expanding the search west of Malaysia , it took officials until March 11 -- three days after the disappearance -- to explain why they were looking so far off the plane 's expected course . All the while , search efforts continued in places where data showed it could not have been -- the Gulf of Thailand and the South China Sea . Early briefings seemed chaotic ; it was unclear who was in charge . "  Well , I think they did n't have a proper plan in place for such an accident like this , " aviation analyst Alastair Rosenschein told CNN 's Isa Soares . "  They were speaking off the hymn sheet , if you like , and they were making things up as they went along . And they said things , and then they withdrew them without actually saying they withdrew them . " Early on , an official inaccurately described two men traveling on stolen passports as resembling a black Italian soccer player . "  Do you know of a footballer by the name of Batolli ? " Malaysian Civil Aviation Director Azharuddin Abdul Rahman asked reporters at an early briefing . "  He 's an Italian . Do you know how he looks like ? Battoli , Battoli , Balloteli , Balloteli . " He was trying , in a roundabout way , to say the men were black , like Italian soccer player Mario Ballotelli . The men turned out to be Iranians seeking asylum , according to investigators . They are not believed to have had any links to terror . From "  none of those on board survived " to "  hoping against hope " On March 24 , Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said the plane 's flight had "  ended " in the southern Indian Ocean . Not long before that , Malaysia Airlines sent a text messages to some relatives , telling them that "  beyond any reasonable doubt ... none of those on board survived . " But on Saturday -- after family members had angrily blasted the conclusion as premature and lacking hard evidence -- acting Minister of Transport Hishammuddin Hussein told reporters that he had not entirely given up hope of finding survivors . "  Even hoping against hope , no matter how remote , of course , we are praying and we will continue our search for the possible survivors , " he said . On Monday , Hishammuddin further seemed to further walk back the account offered by the government-owned airline , noting Najib 's carefully worded statement that did not mention a crash or a lack of survivors . A glaring error emerges in the last words from the cockpit On March 17 , Malaysian authorities publicly confirmed the final words from the cockpit as "  all right , good night . " The innocuous bit of radio banter became yet another headache for investigators when , after days of prodding from reporters and family members , they released a transcript showing the final words were actually , "  Good night Malaysian three seven zero . " It 's not that the new language was suspect -- it 's not . It 's that Malaysian officials got the original wording wrong , let it stand for nearly two weeks , and then -- after saying they would n't release the transcript because of its role in the investigation -- suddenly reversed course . "  Now it 's just one thing , one day it 's the next . It 's truly kind of an amazing roller coaster ride , " said CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo . "  That would be bad enough just for a civil aviation investigation and a criminal investigation , according to Malaysia . But there are 239 families involved . So high criticism is in order at this point . " She says the shifts call the investigation 's credibility into question . Confusion over who spoke those words Initially , officials indicated that it appeared it was co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid who was speaking to controllers . But on Monday , they seemed to waver on that claim . Previously , Malaysia Airlines had stated initial investigations indicated that the voice which signed off was that of the co-pilot , " Hishammuddin said in a written statement . "  The police are working to confirm this belief , and forensic examination of the actual recording is ongoing . " Switching search zones delayed On Friday , the search area in the Indian Ocean suddenly shifted more than 600 miles northeast after authorities announced further refinement of radar and satellite data had showed the plane could n't have flown as far south as previously thought . But the Wall Street Journal , citing anonymous people familiar with the matter , reported Monday night that "  lapses in coordination among countries and companies " led to a three-day delay in making that move . What happened ? Andy Pasztor , one of the reporters who wrote the story , said it boiled down to poor coordination between two parts of the investigation : One dealt with satellite data , and the other with fuel consumption and aircraft performance . "  And so what we 're left with is sort of a three-day gap where it 's clear that folks were definitely looking in the wrong place , " he said . The tools used in the search CNN 's Jim Clancy and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report	Families and experts have criticized Malaysia 's handling of investigation The latest example is shift in sign-off language from cockpit The frequent shifts call the investigation 's credibility into question , analyst says Officials have been "  speaking off the hymn sheet , " one analyst says
CNN  -- The world 's first man-made surfing lake has been given an opening date of summer 2015 . Surf Snowdonia in Wales 's Conwy Valley will comprise a 300-meter-long lagoon 10 miles inland , with machines to create waves up to six feet in height . If you ca n't wait til then to carve a wave that is n't straight out of a sea-sprayed , sun-bleached postcard , there are other unusual surf experiences out there . Pororoca  Brazil Porocora means "  great roar " -- exactly what you hear for 30 minutes before this Amazonian tidal bore rolls into view . The wave has its own competition -- the National Pororoca Surfing Championship -- and appears between March and April , when the strengthened Atlantic Ocean tide rushes into the Amazon Basin . How to find it : The bore starts at the point where the Amazon River meets the Atlantic Ocean , but it can travel 800 kilometers  497 miles  inland . The most popular surf spot is the stretch that passes through Sao Domingos do Capim in Para state , which is served by Belem/Val de Cansâ $ " Julio Cezar Ribeiro International Airport , 149 kilometers  92 miles  away . Standing wave  Munich More than 100 surfers ride this standing wave on the Eisbach River every day , but it 's not for novices -- the flow rate is about 20 tons per second . The wave , which reaches a height of two meters , is created by concrete slabs that were placed on the riverbed in the 1970s to weaken the river 's flow . How to find it : The standing wave can be found on the stretch of water that passes through Munich 's city center , Englischer Garten  English Garden  . The nearest U-Bahn stop is Hauptbahnhof . Habitat 67  Montreal In 2002 , Olympic kayaker Corran Addison became the first person to the surf St. Lawrence River 's standing wave , named after the adjacent housing complex . Later , he set up a surf school where others could learn to ride the urban wave . Addison estimates he 's taught more than 3,000 students how to surf it . The wave is created by a river-bottom depression . Addison is now lobbying to create additional depressions throughout Montreal , with the use of submerged concrete blocks . How to find it : Habitat 67 -- both the housing complex and the wave named after it -- can be found at Marc-Drouin Quay in the Montreal city center . Severn Bore  Gloucestershire , UK The Severn Bore is created when rising tides in the Bristol Channel force water up the Severn Estuary , creating waves of up to 2.8 meters in height . The largest bores occur in spring . Surfers get a ridiculously long hang time -- the record is held by a surfer who rode it for a length of five miles . "  There 's something completely mad about riding a muddy , powerful wave up the Severn Estuary , 30 miles inland , " says local surfer Phil Williams . How to find it : One of the most popular entry points is near the Severn Bore pub on Main Street , in the village of Minsterworth . Bristol , and its regional airport , is 63 kilometers  40 miles  away . Lake Michigan  United States Lake Michigan is the only lake with enough wind to produce surfing conditions . On average , there are just 10 surfable days per month during surf season , which typically lasts from June to August . The first people to surf the lake were U.S. soldiers who returned to Michigan from Hawaii after World War II with surfboards they 'd purchased . How to find it : The best surf spots can be found on the eastern shore of the lake . Antarctica Overcrowding wo n't ever be a problem here . The first  and as yet , only  known person to surf in Antarctica was Red Bull athlete Ramon Navarro . In late 2013 , Navarro headed to the South Shetland Islands and became the first person to surf in Antarctica . It 's one of the world 's riskiest surf spots -- it 's estimated that without protective gear , Navarro would have died within two minutes of being submerged . How to find it : Tricky . This is one of the world 's most inaccessible places . Unless you 're a sponsored pro or can convince Red Bull to spend thousands of dollars getting you there , this is probably left as a fantasy . Skeleton Coast  Namibia The Skeleton Coast is one of the most barren , inaccessible surf spots in the world . Surfers rave about the consistent swell in areas like Swakopmund , Walvis Bay and the town of Luderitz . The coastline 's popularity in recent years has prompted the Namibia Surfing Association to impose restrictions on access points . How to find it : Start with the section of coastline at Luderitz , then head along the coast to Swakopmund , where there are several surf stores . The Skeleton Coast is served by Hosea Kutako International Airport in Windhoek , Namibia . Cox 's Bazar  Bangladesh In this Islamic country , nonprofit organization Surfing the Nations organized the country 's first surf competition in 2005 in the coastal town of Cox 's Bazar and local surfer Jafar Alam recently set up the country 's first surf school , complete with rental boards donated by professional surfers from around the world . How to find it : Cox 's Bazar is located on the Bay of Bengal in southeastern Bangladesh . The town has its own airport and is well connected with regular flights from the capital , Dhaka . Arabian Sea  Oman Popular surf spots on this spectacular chunk of coastline include Sur , Ras Al Hadd and Salalah , where Oman 's first surf school , Surf School Oman , was set up . The water is warm year round , although surfers need to be self-sufficient due to a lack of facilities . There are strong riptides and the odd shark -- elements that prove even more disturbing when you 're possibly the only surfer in the water between here and Africa . How to find it : One of Oman 's most popular surf spots , Salalah is a coastal city in the southern province of Dhofar . The airport serves domestic flights from the capital of Muscat and a small number of flights from neighboring countries . Busua Beach  Ghana Ghana 's coastline is a muddy , dusty undiscovered surfers ' paradise . "  Ghana has an almost unique combination of plentiful surf spots , warm water , consistent swell from the south Atlantic and few surfers , making the country one of West Africa 's best surfing destinations , " says John Callahan , co-founder of surfEXPLORE . Busua Beach is home to Ghana 's only surf shop , Black Star Surf , and the country 's only surf school , Mr Brights , which was set up by a British surfer from Cornwall . How to find it : Busua is a resort on Ghana 's western coast . The nearest airport is Takoradi Airport , 37 kilometers  22 miles  away . Reykjanes  Iceland Surfing in Iceland presents various challenges , not least the freezing temperatures . "  The weather here changes rapidly , so it 's all about being at the right place at the right time , " says Hreinn Eliasson at Arctic Surfers . "  But I just love how spontaneous the surf scene is in Iceland . " One of the most popular areas is the Reykjanes Peninsula -- the waves break over a rough volcanic reef , so wetsuits and foot protection are essential . How to find it : Easy ! Head to the Reykjanes Peninsula in the southwest , just 49 kilometers  31 miles  from the capital , Reykjavik .	Only RamÃ ³ n Navarro has surfed in Antarctica . Without protective gear he 'd have died within two minutes Brazil 's Pororoca is a surfable tidal bore that can extend 800 kilometers up the Amazon River Busua Beach in Ghana offers great surfing , and no crowds
CNN  -- Is it just harmless fun , or is something seriously wrong developing in sporting relations between Spain and France ? Yannick Noah , the last French tennis player to win the French Open back in 1983 , started it last year when he claimed that Spain 's recent sporting success could only be due to doping . His remarks were quickly shot down by Rafael Nadal , the Spaniard who has won the Paris grand slam six times -- a record he shares with Bjorn Borg , and may hold alone this year . Now Nadal is at the center of another row , sparked by a comedy program on French channel Canal Plus that spoofed the 25-year-old and cycling champion Alberto Contador , who was this week stripped of his 2010 Tour de France title and banned after a long-running doping saga . The Spanish government is so upset it has told its ambassador to France to send a written protest to French media , including the offending channel . And the Spanish Tennis Federation has responded by threatening a lawsuit . "  The RFET will sue Canal Plus Francia for broadcasting a video which , besides inadmissible and slanderous insinuations , uses the federation 's logo . The RFET will also get support from other Spanish sports federation mentioned in that video , so that there is a common judicial action , " it said in a statement . The French show , called "  Les Guignols "  the Puppets  , features lifelike representations of Nadal , Contador and Spain 's World Cup-winning football captain Iker Casillas among others . They are shown writing in books with syringes , and in one scene the muscular Nadal puppet fills up its car 's petrol tank from its own bladder . "  On this occasion , intolerable limits were crossed and the RFET can not tolerate the lack of respect and slander toward our athletes , " Spanish Tennis Federation president Jose Luis Escanuela said . Nadal , who has never failed a drug test , also expressed his displeasure in interviews with Spanish media , calling it "  a globalized campaign from the neighboring country . " "  At the end of the day it is humor , " Nadal said in quotes reported by national newspaper El Pais . "  One day is okay but when , from what I understand , it is done repeatedly then that is not so good because it crosses the line a bit . And it is always with the same focus . "  The institutions in general have to defend us because I do n't think it is a campaign against me or a campaign against anyone . It is a campaign against Spain in general , and against Spanish sports . "  I do n't think it is only Canal Plus that does it . I think there are other media pushing it along and I think that is something punishable because in Spain sportspeople who are not clean are punished , they do n't compete . " Noah 's comments were made in the wake of Spain 's incredible sporting achievements in recent years . Nadal was world No. 1 until last year , when he won his 10th grand slam title , having ended Roger Federer 's dominance before he too was usurped by Novak Djokovic . Contador has won the Tour de France three times , though he lost one of those titles after testing positive for a small amount of the banned steroid clenbuterol . He overturned his initial ban , but the International Cycling Union and the World Anti-Doping Agency successfully appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport . Casillas has led Spain 's all-conquering football team to the 2008 European title and the 2010 World Cup crown , while his club Real Madrid 's big rivals Barcelona have been similarly dominant .	Rafael Nadal angry with French TV program 's depiction of Spanish athletes as drug users Spanish government tells ambassador to France to make written protest to French media Puppet comedy program spoofs Nadal , cyclist Alberto Contador and footballer Iker Casillas Nadal accuses media of running a concerted campaign against Spanish athletes
CNN  -- A New York man authorities say once pondered changing his name to Osama Hussein to honor his personal heroes -- Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein -- remained jailed Monday on bomb-related charges in what police described as a plot to attack police , military personnel and postal facilities . Police arrested Jose Pimentel , 27 , on Sunday at the apartment of a confidential informant in the case when a video camera showed him drilling holes in pipes that would become the casings for bombs , according to a criminal complaint . Pimentel allegedly told police he was an hour away from completing his first bomb when he was arrested , according to the complaint . "  Pimentel 's behavior morphed from simply talking about such acts to actions -- namely , bomb making , " New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said . While serious , the charges against Pimentel are a far cry from the mass-casualty attacks that have been al Qaeda 's hallmark , and his case may reflect the weakened nature of the terrorist organization in the wake of the death of many top leaders , CNN security analyst Peter Bergen said . "  If this is the big threat that we face , lone wolves using Internet recipes , we 're in a pretty good place , " Bergen said . Pimentel was arraigned Sunday night in a New York court on state charges of possession of a bomb for terrorism , conspiracy as a crime of terrorism , soliciting support for a terrorist act , being a felon in possession of a weapon and conspiracy to commit criminal mischief and arson , according to the criminal complaint . He planned to attack police officers , patrol cars and service members returning from service abroad , Mayor Michael Bloomberg said . "  The suspect was a so-called lone wolf , motivated by his own resentment of the presence of American troops in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as inspired by al Qaeda propaganda , " Bloomberg said . "  He was not part of a larger conspiracy emanating from abroad . " New York authorities have communicated with federal authorities , but even though Pimentel 's alleged targets were federal troops and facilities , his case will be handled in New York courts , Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said . Pimentel 's attorney , Joseph Zablocki , said the case against his client is nowhere near as strong as authorities say . "  As they admit , he has a very public online profile , and that flies in the face of everything that they 've said , " Zablocki said at the hearing . "  This is not the way you go about committing terrorist attacks . " Pimentel , also known as Muhammad Yusuf , according to the criminal complaint , had a "  very active and very public online profile , " prosecutors said . They cited the website TrueIslam1 . After his arrest , Pimentel told police that he believes Islamic law requires Muslims to wage war against the United States , including assassinations , according to the criminal complaint against him . Pimentel 's mother , Carmen Sosa , said her family is in shock over the allegations . "  I 'm upset about what my son did , but on the other hand , he 's my son , " she said . "  I still love my son . I love the son I know , maybe a lot of people do n't know . " A neighbor , Simon Islam , said Pimentel was nice but "  did n't seem like normal . " Still nothing stood out to make him or his wife particularly suspicious of Pimentel , he said . "  It 's really shocking because I have two daughters in the building . It 's like making me think that this is an unsafe place , " he said . Pimentel 's uncle Luis Saverino told CNN affiliate WABC-TV that his sister 's son lived with him and that he had no idea what his nephew was up to inside his bedroom , which he always kept locked . Kelly said Pimentel is a follower of Anwar al-Awlaki , the radical U.S.-born cleric who rose to become a top figure in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula before a U.S. drone strike killed him this year in Yemen . He allegedly tried to contact al-Awlaki directly before the cleric 's death , but never got a response , according to officials . In August , the suspect allegedly decided to carry out the bomb plot , Kelly said . He "  jacked up his speed " after al-Awlaki 's death on September 30 , according to the police commissioner . "  We knew for the last two years , he 's been reading a lot of jihadist information and talked a lot of inflammatory rhetoric , " Kelly said of Pimentel . "  But it appears at this juncture the death of Anwar al-Awlaki motivated him and made him increase his tempo . " He had also sought to visit Yemen for training , according to authorities . Pimentel bought ingredients at Home Depot and other stores for the three bombs that he was working to make , mindful to shop around so as not to "  raise red flags , " according to the police commissioner . He allegedly planned to test an explosive device in a mailbox before using it against other targets . His aim , the police commissioner said , was to show there were "  mujahedin " -- or Islamic militants -- in the city ready to wage "  jihad . " At the news conference announcing Pimentel 's arrest , authorities showed a video of a car being destroyed by a bomb they built according to the instructions the suspect allegedly was following . But Bergen said it 's not clear that Pimentel could have built a device that would have exploded with the same force , given that several would-be bombers failed to build devices that successfully detonated . "  Building a bomb from a recipe off the Internet does n't mean you 're going to build a bomb that does what we saw on the video , " Bergen said . An unemployed native of the Dominican Republican and a U.S. citizen , Pimentel had lived most of his life in Manhattan , except for five years in Schenectady , New York . Authorities had monitored him since 2009 , and his extreme positions "  made even some of his like-minded friends nervous , " said Kelly . The commissioner said Pimentel even talked about changing his name to Osama Hussein -- in honor of his now deceased "  heroes " bin Laden and Hussein , the Iraqi dictator . He allegedly learned how to make a pipe bomb after reading an article entitled "  How to make a bomb in the kitchen of your Mom " in Inspire , an online English-language magazine published by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . The issue that came out just before al-Awlaki 's death emphasized that al Qaeda supporters in the West should take matters into their own hands and launch attacks themselves . "  He was a reader of al Qaeda 's slick online magazine Inspire -- and inspire him it did , " Vance said . "  His stated desire to attack our servicemen and women ... could have come from an al Qaeda playbook . " CNN national security analyst Frances Townsend said it seemed odd that federal authorities were not involved in the case , particularly given the targets . "  The feds may have been able to help here , " she said . "  That being said , they had a successful arrest , and we 'll see what we can learn from it . " CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Catherine Shoichet and Hussein Saddique contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect 's family shocked by allegations , his mother says Jose Pimentel is accused of plotting to attack U.S. veterans , police and post offices Pimentel said he was one hour away from finishing his first bomb , police say "  He was not part of a larger conspiracy , " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg says
CNN  -- Two days after a Gulf of Mexico oil platform blast and one day after his co-worker was found dead on the sea floor , a Filipino man offered a succinct message Sunday to his relatives and countrymen : "  I am alive . " Wilberto Ilagan is one of the at least 11 injured in Friday morning 's explosion on a platform located 20 miles off the coast of Grand Isle , Louisiana . He is also one of four -- all men native to the Philippines -- who suffered major burns and are being treated at Baton Rouge General Medical Center . Read more : Search for missing oil workers suspended Hospital officials briefed reporters Sunday about the status of those four patients , including passing along a message from Illagan , who was recently upgraded to fair condition . "  I am burned , but my heart and lungs are healthy , " the Filipino man said , according to the hospital . Two others remain in critical condition at the hospital , which is about 160 miles from the explosion site and 8,500 miles from the Philippines , said Baton Rouge General 's chief of surgery Dr. Jeffrey Littleton . One other patient is in serious condition and being treated by staff at Baton Rouge General 's burn center . "  They remain in the critical window of time that follows major burn injuries , " said Baton Rouge General 's Chief Medical Officer Dr. Flip Roberts . "  But our physicians and staff remain hopeful about their prognosis . " Ilagan is the only one of the four at the Baton Rouge hospital to be identified by name . Authorities and energy company officials have not yet named the man whose body was found by divers Saturday night . Another worker was still unaccounted for Sunday . Black Elk Energy President and CEO John Hoffman said that man 's body was discovered under the platform , on the sea floor . He was one of two crew members who went missing after the explosion and subsequent fire . "  We 're working in coordination with the U.S. Coast Guard so we can respectfully and most efficiently recover the body and get that body to shore , " Hoffman said . Black Elk Energy , a Houston-based firm , was in charge of the platform -- which was used for production , not drilling -- where the blast occurred . About 28 gallons of fuel spilled into the region , Coast Guard Response Division Chief Ed Cubanski said . An oil sheen reportedly stretched for about a half-mile near the platform . The injured were airlifted to area hospitals , and nine other crew members were evacuated , according to the Coast Guard . The cause of the blast remains under investigation . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	NEW : 1 of 4 who suffered bad burns says , "  My heart and lungs are healthy " NEW : He 's in fair condition at a Baton Rouge hospital ; 2 are critical , 1 is serious Divers found a body on the sea floor of a man who worked on the same Gulf of Mexico platform The cause of Friday 's explosion off Louisiana 's coast is under investigation
CNN  -- One person aboard a single-engine plane was killed Friday after the aircraft crashed in a West Los Angeles neighborhood , authorities said . The pilot of the Cessna 210 declared an emergency for unknown reasons around 6:10 p.m. shortly after leaving Santa Monica Airport , according to Ian Gregor , a spokesman with the Federal Aviation Administration in its Western-Pacific region . The plane then went down about three miles from the airport in a residential neighborhood in West Los Angeles , a few miles from the University of California , Los Angeles , said Gregor . Overhead video from CNN affiliate KTLA showed firefighters working to douse a fire as most of the plane , including a visible part of its wing , lay in the middle of a road . The aircraft appeared to have hit at least one tree , but not any buildings directly . The Los Angeles city fire department said in an e-mail that one person died in the crash , though his or her identity was not released . "  No other patients discovered ; no home damage from fire , " the fire department said . It was not immediately clear how many people were aboard the aircraft at the time it went down , according to Gregor , and there were no reports of injuries on the ground . The FAA spokesman said the aircraft is registered to a Santa Monica resident . The National Transportation Safety Board will serve as the lead investigative agency looking into the crash , assisted by the FAA , according to Gregor . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate KTLA .	Single-engine aircraft crashes shortly after takeoff from Santa Monica , the FAA says One person on the plane dies , "  no other patients discovered , " the fire department says The pilot declared an emergency shortly after departing , according to the FAA
CNN  -- The European Court of Human Rights condemned Ireland 's laws on abortion Thursday , ruling the country violated the human rights of a woman forced to go abroad to end her pregnancy . It did not , however , recommend a change to Irish law , which prohibits abortion in all cases . The woman , a Lithuanian national who was not named , was in remission from a rare form of cancer and unaware she was pregnant when she had a series of check-ups that are not advised during pregnancy , the court said . She felt the pregnancy would cause a relapse of her cancer and was also concerned about the health of the fetus if she continued to term . She claimed she could not obtain clear advice about her options , so she decided in 2005 to have an abortion in England . The woman said she suffered medical complications on her return to Ireland . Having an abortion in Ireland carries a penalty of life imprisonment . Women in Ireland are permitted to travel abroad for abortions and obtain information about their options for doing so . The Irish Supreme Court ruled in 1992 that abortion is lawful in Ireland if there is a risk to the mother 's life , but the Irish Parliament has never passed a law guaranteeing that right . The European court , located in Strasbourg , France , ruled that , by failing to allow the woman to have a lawful abortion in Ireland , the country violated her right to respect for her physical and psychological integrity , which falls under Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights . At the same time , the court ruled Article 8 can not be interpreted as conferring a right to abortion , which may come as a relief to defenders of the Irish ban . It had been thought a more serious ruling by the court could have challenged the country 's laws on abortion . The court ordered Ireland to pay the woman 15,000 euros  $ 19,800  in damages . While the court condemned the Irish ban , it rejected the complaints of two Irish women who sued along with the Lithuanian national , saying there had been no violation of their human rights . It also dismissed the rest of the Lithuanian woman 's complaints , which fell under Articles 2 and 3 of the human rights convention and concerned the right to life and prohibition of inhuman and degrading treatment . Proving that her pregnancy posed a risk to her life required the Lithuanian woman to establish it either with her doctor or through the courts . The court said going to her doctor was "  ineffective , " however , because the criminality of abortion posed a "  significant chilling factor " in any discussions about it . "  They both ran a risk of a serious criminal conviction and imprisonment if an initial doctor 's opinion that abortion was an option , as it posed a risk to the woman 's health , was later found to be against the Irish constitution , " the court found . "  Ireland 's failure to legislate to protect the rights of women has been clearly exposed by the European Court of Human Rights today , " said Mark Kelly , director of the Irish Council for Civil Liberties , in a statement . "  It is imperative that the government legislate swiftly to ensure that women are able to exercise their existing Constitutional rights . "  Yet again , it has required international intervention to remind our legislature of their domestic responsibilities , " said Kelly , who is in Washington attending a global civil rights leaders meeting . "  If Ireland wishes to reassert its sovereignty and its standing in the international community , it must start by fully respecting the human rights of people at home . " Irish Health Minister Mary Harney said in a statement Thursday that the government will have to legislate on the issue in the wake of the court 's ruling . The government "  will have to come forward with proposals , but it will take time , " Harney said in an interview , according to the Irish government 's website . She added it was a "  highly complex area , " but said she felt the ruling was a "  binding judgment . " The Irish government argued the woman should have tried to go through the Irish court system to prove her pregnancy was a risk to her life , but the court said that would have been ineffective because it would be "  inappropriate " to ask a woman to go through complex constitutional proceedings if her life was at risk . The constitutional courts are also not able to determine whether a woman qualifies for a lawful abortion , the court said . Neither avenue , therefore , allowed the woman effective and accessible ways to establish her right to a lawful abortion in Ireland , the court said . The court also lamented the fact that a woman 's right to an abortion in Ireland if her health is at risk has never been put into law . Human Rights Watch praised the ruling as a "  wake-up call to the Irish government " to regulate access to abortion . "  This morning the European Court established that this is not just tragic , it is a violation of human rights . And it must end now , " said Marianne Mollmann , women 's rights advocacy director at Human Rights Watch . A January 2010 report from the human rights group says Irish women face financial , logistical , physical , and emotional burdens imposed by the laws of Ireland that force them to seek abortions abroad , without support from the state . The three women who brought the case in Strasbourg had personally suffered these ordeals , the group said . "  It is time for the government to end their ostrich mentality regarding abortion and start delivering on women 's human rights , " Mollmann said .	The European Court of Human Rights rules the ban violated a woman 's human rights She was forced to travel abroad for an abortion in 2005 The court did not recommend a change in Irish law
CNN  -- Reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel started his 2011 Formula One defense in emphatic style on Sunday , leading the season-opening Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne from start to finish . McLaren 's 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton did well to finish second after damaging his car on the first corner while Lotus Renault 's Russian driver Vitaly Petrov achieved his first podium finish . The 23-year-old German notched up his 11th win in his 63rd Formula 1 race . Fernando Alonso finished fourth for Ferrari , with Mark Webber in his Red Bull in fifth place . Jenson Button came sixth in his McLaren . Red Bull team boss Christian Horner said after the race his team did not use its KERS power-boost system because of technical issues , underlining the scale of Vettel 's victory . Following his triumph , Vettel said : "  It was a good race . In the end things calmed down , Lewis did n't push , but it was not an easy race . "  The start was crucial , I was on the clean side , but did n't know if it was enough until we got through the first corner . "  With Lewis dropping off later in the race , there was no pressure , so I was able to control it . " Assessing the season ahead , Vettel added : "  It 's a long season , so we have to keep on doing what we are doing now , enjoying , but working hard . " Hamilton was satisfied with his runner-up spot , saying : "  We can take this and be very proud of ourselves . A week or two ago we were n't expecting to be in the top five , so to come to second is a great achievement . " Describing the achievement of driving his damaged car to the finish , Hamilton added : "  The plank and part of the floor are massively damaged . I was losing quite a lot of downforce , so I just tried to nurse the car home and get the points . " Petrov was proud of his third-place finish , admitting : "  To be honest I ca n't believe I 'm sitting with these guys . We did n't know where we were coming into the season , but in practice and qualifying we were good . "  In the race the team did everything perfectly . We can be very proud of what we have achieved . "	Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel wins season-opening Australian GP The Red Bull driver finished ahead of Lewis Hamilton in second Russian Vitaly Petrov came third in Lotus Renault
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy says he needs to cut out his "  stupid mistakes " if he is rediscover his form ahead of the Masters at Augusta in two weeks ' time . The 23-year-old lost the world no. 1 spot to Tiger Woods this week and is still searching for his first tournament win in 2013 Woods , a 14-time major winner , climbed back to the top of the rankings with victory at the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill , Florida on Sunday . In a friendly text message , the American challenged McIlroy to respond at the Houston Open tournament which began on Thursday at the Redstone Golf Club , Texas . But it was a difficult first round for McIlory who carded a one-over-par round of 73 to leave him in danger of missing the cut unless he improves over the next 18 holes . The 2012 PGA Champion bogeyed the par-four second before needing seven strokes to sink the par-five eighth hole . "  Stupid mistakes , silly bogeys " The back nine was a happier hunting ground for McIlory as he mixed four birdies with two bogeys but when he was asked in Houston what he needed to do to improve he said : "  I 'm not too sure . "  I think if I just eliminate the stupid mistakes and the silly bogeys then I feel like I 'm playing OK and hitting the ball well . " McIlroy 's slump in form has been linked to his switch to Nike equipment this year in a deal reported to be worth $ 250m . The 23-year-old indicated that he was still not comfortable with his competitive game . "  I 'm still maybe a bit tentative out there on the golf course , " he added . "  I 'm not committing to my shots fully . "  Hopefully another three rounds this weekend and some good scores will give me confidence going into the Masters . " American D.A Points held a one-shot lead over compatriots Cameron Tringale and John Rollins after finishing on eight under for the day in Houston . Points revealed he was using a refurbished version of his Mom 's putter that he had borrowed from her golf bag when he was a teenager .	Rory McIlroy wants to cut out "  stupid mistakes " before Masters Northern Irish golfer finished one over par in Houston Open first round McIlroy lost world no. 1 spot to Tiger Woods this week The PGA Champion says he still feels "  tentative " in competitions
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Four militants armed with guns and grenades stormed a mosque in Rawalpindi frequented by military personnel , killing dozens of people Friday -- most of them children , the military said . The attack is the latest to shake the garrison city since this year 's launch of strong military offensives against Taliban insurgents in the Swat Valley and South Waziristan . Rawalpindi is the headquarters of the Pakistani army . Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas said Friday 's assault killed 36 people and wounded 75 . Among the dead were 17 children , according to the military 's Web site . Also killed were an army general and eight other military officials , six of them of senior rank . The remaining fatalities were adults . "  As soon as the mosque 's security staff checked me , there was a blast and then a finger hit me , then there was another , " Ishtiaq , a driver for a military officer , told GEO TV . Ishtiaq , who uses only one name , was attending midday prayers . Rawalpindi is near Islamabad , and the mosque is near national army headquarters . It is located inside a walled residential compound where many military families have homes . A witness told GEO TV there were up to 300 worshippers at the mosque at the time of the attack . The militants hurled grenades before opening fire , Rawalpindi Police Chief Aslam Tareen told CNN . He said all the militants died , but he does n't know how . "  These are not militants , " Abbas said . "  These are terrorists who killed innocent worshippers . " Retired Gen. Muhammad Yousaf was killed in the attack , said Col. Baseer Haider , a military spokesman . He said Yousaf was a former vice chief of army staff who was second in command during the administration of President Pervez Musharraf . Abbas said two of the attackers were suicide bombers who blew themselves up inside the Parade Lane mosque ; the other two were shot and killed by security forces outside the mosque . Several explosions were heard inside the mosque around 1:30 p.m.  3:30 a.m. ET  , followed by gunfire , Abbas said . The militants entered the compound by climbing over a wall , Tareen said . This is the first attack in Rawalpindi since a suicide bomber targeted a bank on November 2 . On October 10 , militants stormed army headquarters in Rawalpindi , taking several people hostage before security forces killed them . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Armed militants attack mosque during midday prayers in Rawalpindi , killing dozens Mosque is frequented by retired and serving military officials November 2 attack in Rawalpindi saw suicide bomber target a bank
CNN  -- There is no reason to believe that Norway mass murder suspect Anders Behring Breivik is insane , District Court Judge Torkjel Nesheim said Monday . There is also no evidence he had accomplices in the bomb and gun rampage in which he is accused of killing 77 people this summer , the judge said . The judge ordered him held in custody for a further 12 weeks , with visits and correspondence controlled by the authorities for the first eight , and a ban on media for the first four . More than 500 people packed into a court in Oslo , Norway , to see the suspect 's first public appearance , said Irene Ramm , head of press for the Oslo court . A woman whose daughter was killed in the massacre said she could not understand "  how a human being could do something like that . " "  That 's why I had to be here today . I do n't understand , so I had to see , had to be here , " said the woman , who was identified only as "  Carina " on Norway 's TV2 . "  He looked cold , completely cold , " she said . He was not allowed to deliver a speech he had prepared , the station reported . Breivik said he did not recognize the authority of the court on the grounds that he opposes the multi-cultural society it is part of , TV2 said . He was stopped on several occasions when he started referring to himself as Commander of the Knights Templar , a title he used in his 1,500-page manifesto , the station reported . "  I interrupted Breivik during today 's hearing because I only wanted to hear him about matters relating to today 's hearing , " Judge Nesheim said . "  This was not the main trial where he gets to explain himself . I did not want to give him the opportunity to use this hearing as a platform for him to express his views . " Until now , the proceedings for Breivik have been held behind closed doors . The hearing was to determine whether to keep Breivik in jail until his trial in the spring . Prosecutors expect it to begin in March or April , the judge said . Survivors return to scene of island rampage He is accused of killing dozens of people in a bomb attack in Oslo followed by a shooting rampage on nearby Utoya island . Eight people were killed in a bombing in Oslo ; 69 young people were killed on Utoya island , in the deadliest attack in Norway since World War II . The young people were attending a Labour Party youth camp . Most of the 700 campers ranged in age from 16-22 , with some as young as 13 . Breivik has pleaded not guilty but admits carrying out the attacks , the judge said . "  The accused is still suspected on probable cause of criminal acts , as described in the charges . He has admitted the bombing in central Oslo and also the shooting on Utoya . The investigation has also confirmed this , " Nesheim said . He is described by authorities as a right-wing Christian extremist . The 1,500-page manifesto attributed to Breivik was posted on the Internet and is critical of Muslim immigration and European liberalism .	NEW : The judge cut him off because this was not the time to justify his actions , he says Anders Behring Breivik is ordered held in custody for another 12 weeks There is no reason to doubt his sanity , the judge says He is charged in the July 22 attacks that killed 77 people
Several top members of the Muslim Brotherhood have been asked to leave Qatar , an Egyptian leader of the group said Sunday . The apparent sudden push from Qatar comes amid longstanding pressure against the Brotherhood in the region , which began with its ouster from authority in Egypt several years ago . "  We appreciate the great role of the state of Qatar in supporting the Egyptian people in their revolution against the military junta , and well understand the circumstances faced by the region , " said Dr. Amr Darrag , a leading member of Freedom and Justice Party , said in a statement online . The Freedom and Justice Party is the banned political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood . The members were "  asked by authorities to move their residence outside the state of Qatar , " the statement said . Egyptian court dissolves Muslim Brotherhood 's political party "  In order to avoid causing any embarrassment for the State of Qatar , which we found to be a very welcoming and supportive host , some symbols of the Muslim Brotherhood and its political wing ... have now honored that request , " Darrag said . Darrag promised that the "  revolution will continue " and that the Muslim Brotherhood 's "  confidence in the Egyptian people unshakeable . " Qatar has not addressed the matter publicly . Last year , Egypt 's then-military chief Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi and now its President , overthrew Mohamed Morsy , who was part of the Muslim Brotherhood . Morsy was Egypt 's first democratically elected leader . That caused Muslim Brother leaders to flee to Qatar , which supports the Islamic group . Egypt 's head prosecutor called on Interpol to issue red alerts for certain members , and relations between Egypt and Qatar deteriorated dramatically . Read more : What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? Gaza fighting ` proxy war ' for entire Middle East	Leading members of Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing say Qatar asked them to move Qatar has not publicly addressed the matter A Muslim Brotherhood member says online that other members will honor the request
