CNN  -- The nomination of Elena Kagan to fill the seat of retiring Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens has caused quite a stir on the political left and right , as operatives on both sides try to ascertain exactly where she stands . But it has also opened another fissure in the complex relationship that exists between black organizational leaders and President Obama , the nation 's first African-American president . Over the past year we have seen criticisms leveled by grass-roots activists , civil rights groups and the Congressional Black Caucus . But instead of taking on the president , the beefs are largely aimed at "  those around the president . " In previous administrations , these same individuals would n't have hesitated to call out Presidents George W. Bush , Bill Clinton , George H.W. Bush or Ronald Reagan . Why the hesitance ? Because they also understand that a direct attack on President Obama could hurt them in two ways : They could find themselves cut off from the administration or they could anger their base by making the president 's job more difficult when he is facing daily attacks from Republicans . Even among African-American commentators , columnists and radio and TV show hosts , if you are too harsh on President Obama , the backlash has been swift and vicious . The organizations know this , and trust me , the White House knows this , and has used it to its advantage . That 's why I call it the Obama-Black-Two-Step . I 've been told countless times by folks on both sides that Obama ca n't be seen as favoring African-Americans over others , and his White House has been especially scared of touching anything dealing with race . As a result , black civil rights leaders and prominent Democrats have largely bitten their tongues , unwilling to publicly take on the president and some of his decisions . Instead , they quietly fume , mumbling under their breath and offering their critiques in measured tones . Yet I have gotten the sense that black civil rights and political leaders may stop the racial solidarity and stand up on the principles they have long fought for . I 've been expressly told that some have no interest in working hard or raising money in the fall on behalf of Democrats to hold on to the House and Senate . The nomination of Kagan has become a flash point in this uneasy relationship , because this is the second time in a year that President Obama has made a Supreme Court appointment and his administration did n't seriously consider an African-American woman for the job . The nomination of Sonia Sotomayor certainly was historic in that she became the first Hispanic to sit on the high court , and it was embraced by civil rights groups . Yet this time , for highly qualified African-American female judges , such as Leah Ward Sears , the retired chief justice of the Georgia Supreme Court , to never make the cut for a face-to-face interview with the president has ticked off a number of leaders I 've talked with over the last several days . What 's the big deal about including a black woman ? A Democratic pollster told me that black women have a higher voter turnout than any other ethnic-gender demographic -- 65 percent -- and it 's vital for Obama to appeal to them . When Obama was behind Sen. Hillary Clinton in the polls , it was because black women had n't embraced him yet . When they did , the race changed . The uneasiness with Kagan 's appointment among civil rights groups has focused on the hiring record of minorities during her tenure at Harvard Law School , which was followed by the White House pushing back to insulate her from criticism by saying the Harvard faculty makes the recommendations about hiring for tenured positions . They were quick to blast out blogs , columns and articles written by African-Americans at Harvard to make clear Kagan is a major advocate of diversity . When a meeting with civil rights leaders and administration officials was held at the White House on Tuesday with senior adviser Valerie Jarrett , I was told "  more listening than talking " was done by the administration . Civil rights leaders made clear that they felt they were being taken for granted in the process , and were expected to rubber stamp the choice . When Kagan 's nomination was unveiled Monday , the only prominent African-Americans in attendance were Charles Ogletree , a Harvard professor who taught both Obamas , and Wade Henderson , president of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights . That 's a stark contrast to Sotomayor 's unveiling , when a number of civil rights leaders were there to back her bid . That 's why if you look at the public statements released this week by the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund , the National Urban League and others , they are more neutral on Kagan 's appointment , saying they look forward to hearing more about her views on a variety of issues as the nomination plays out . Folks , that 's lukewarm at best . I 've heard the previous complaints that congressional and civil rights leaders have been ignored by White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , with one saying he has never attended a meeting with them  "  Even Bush sent Andy Card to meet with us , " one leader told me  . And that extends to others surrounding the president in various parts of the White House . "  These problems are valid and BIG , and we can not let them off the hook , " I was told by one frustrated organizational head . Yet this time is different . White House officials would quickly suggest that they are on excellent terms with the Rev. Al Sharpton , but this goes beyond him . The Rev. Jesse Jackson is clearly on the outs with this administration , as seen in his banishment from the West Wing . But this contentious relationship is with civil rights , religious , economic and social justice officials . And it 's getting worse . One civil rights leader opined that President Obama is "  losing his emotional connection with black leadership and black voters . " This has huge ramifications for the president and his agenda , because Democrats are facing a major battle to hold on to the House and Senate in November . A Wall Street Journal/NBC poll released Thursday shows that voters are split over who should control Congress -- Democrats and the GOP both got 44 percent . But of those most interested in the midterm elections , Republicans garnered 56 percent to 36 percent for Democrats . Yet according to a study released in April by the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies , a nonpartisan think tank that focuses on African-Americans , upwards of 80 percent of black voters say they are very likely to vote in November . The group surveyed 500 African-Americans in Missouri , Indiana , Arkansas and South Carolina . What helped catapult President Obama into the White House was a high black turnout , especially in the South , and he garnered 95 percent of the black vote . A drop of 10 to 15 percent by black voters for Democrats in November would be catastrophic . As the Kagan nomination goes forward , White House officials have told me they expect no problems from civil rights groups . That may be the case . But the distance is growing between this president and what many figured are his natural allies . In a year when you have energized your enemies , the last thing you need is to push away your friends . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Martin : Twice Obama has n't seriously considered an African-American woman for high court This has ticked off a number of leaders Martin has talked with Martin : Distance growing between Obama and many of his presumed natural allies Some leaders may not help Democratic House , Senate candidates , says Martin
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Gunmen shot and killed 17 patients and wounded two others in a drug rehabilitation center in northern Mexico late Wednesday , the mayor of Ciudad Juarez said Thursday . Police gather at the rehab facility where 17 people were killed in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , late Wednesday . Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz said authorities believe a rival drug gang attacked the men at the El Aviane rehab facility . "  At the very least , it was one organized crime group thinking that another group was operating in that place , " Reyes told CNN . Wednesday night 's shootings , he said , are similar to an attack at a drug facility in March that left 20 patients dead . A Mexican civic group said last week that Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas , had the most slayings per capita in 2008 of any city in the world . Watch scene at rehab center after shootings " More than 1,420 people have been killed in Juarez this year , Reyes told CNN on Monday . About 1,600 people were killed in Juarez in 2008 , Reyes said . The latest Juarez killings came on the same day that gunmen shot dead the No. 2 security official and three others in Michoacan , the home state of Mexican President Felipe Calderon . Jose Manuel Revuelta Lopez , the deputy public safety secretary of Mexico 's Michoacan state , was killed in a shootout that also claimed the lives of two of his bodyguards and a bystander caught in the crossfire , said Jesus Humberto Adame Ortiz , spokesman for the state . Revuelta was leaving his office at 5:15 p.m. in the state capital , Morelia , when the shooting occurred , Adame said . An unprecedented wave of violence has washed over Mexico since Calderon declared war on drug cartels shortly after coming into office in December 2006 . More than 11,000 people have since died , about 1,000 of them police . The offensive against the government has been especially fierce in Michoacan . In July , La Familia Michoacana drug cartel was accused of assaults in a half-dozen cities across the state and of torturing and killing 12 off-duty federal agents and dumping their bodies on a remote road . That violence was thought to have been retaliation for the arrest of a La Familia leader . In Juarez , much of the violence is being committed by the rival Sinaloa and Juarez drug cartels , which are fighting for lucrative routes into the United States as well as local street sales , Reyes said . The deportations of thousands of Mexicans who have served time in U.S. jails into Ciudad Juarez are adding a deadly ingredient to an already volatile state of security , he said . In the past 45 days , 10 percent of those killed in Juarez had been deported from the United States in the past two years , Reyes said . "  We do n't have the statistics to know if they were criminals from the United States or not , " he told CNN . "  We know they were deported from the U.S. Most of them come from U.S. jails . They end up in the city of Juarez , and that 's a problem generated for us , but also for the United States . " Most deportees are simply Mexicans who crossed the border illegally , but some hardened criminals get involved with the gangs , which have networks in the United States , Reyes said . According to a report released last week by the Mexican Citizens Council for Public Security watchdog group , Juarez had an estimated rate of 130 killings per 100,000 people . The city has a population of around 1.5 million . By comparison , the homicide rate in New Orleans , Louisiana , the deadliest city in the United States in 2008 , was 64 homicides per 100,000 residents , based on preliminary FBI figures . CNN 's Arthur Brice and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : Ciudad Juarez mayor says authorities believe drug gang attacked rehab center Slayings add to grim statistics for Juarez , ranked deadliest city in the world On same day , No. 2 security official in Michoacan state , 3 others , shot to death Mexico has seen wave of violence since president declared war on drug cartels
CNN  -- Former Tennessee Sen. Howard Baker passed away recently . Although he was known for many things , Baker 's most enduring moment came in the middle of the Watergate scandal , when he asked : "  What did the president know and when did he know it ? " The scandal happened 40 years ago . It started with a break-in at the Democratic headquarters in Washington , D.C. and it was followed with subsequent efforts to obstruct an investigation into whether the White House had been involved . In July 1974 , the Supreme Court ruled 8-0 that the White House had to turn over recorded presidential conversations to the investigators . The House Judiciary Committee voted in favor of the three articles of impeachment , charging President Richard Nixon with obstruction of justice . The Watergate scandal had a devastating effect on American politics . In his riveting forthcoming book , "  The Invisible Bridge , " Rick Perlstein skillfully recounts the era that was shaped by the scandal and the way in which the sordid activities of the Nixon administration unfolded on a day-by-day basis . Each revelation gave voters another reason not to trust their elected officials and to believe the worst arguments that people made about government . Americans could never look at government the same way again . The scandal continues to reverberate today throughout the political spectrum . We still live in the era of Watergate . For Democrats , who many thought would have been the beneficiaries of a scandal that brought down a Republican president , the level of distrust that the scandal generated among the public has been an ongoing challenge . At the most basic level , Democrats argue that the federal government offers the best solution to the problems of the day . But if the public does not trust its elected officials , Democrats are left in a position of having to constantly defend the legitimacy of the institutions of government and to convince voters that bureaucrats really will do their job . The intense skepticism surrounding the Affordable Care Act , Benghazi and the Internal Revenue Service scandal have revealed how easy it is for opponents of government to stoke these kinds of fears . Republicans have suffered too , even after the party separated itself from Nixon as its figurehead . The truth is that Republicans promote government as well , just for different reasons . Their programs have , likewise , been subject to constant scrutiny as a result of the lingering distrust from Watergate . For conservatives , national security programs have been a centerpiece of their agenda . Republicans have pushed for expanding the military budget and since 9/11 many have called for an aggressive response to terrorism that includes sweeping surveillance programs and enhanced interrogation techniques . Revelations about what government officials do without public accountability -- such as torture or snooping into e-mails -- have deepened public distrust and created strong pushbacks . Politicians in both parties must operate in a political environment filled with investigations , or accusations of another scandal looming with the suffix "  gate " attached to it . Whenever some kind of scandal breaks , it does n't take long for the story to escalate and for questions to arise as to whether this will end up as big as Watergate . Often , this outlook has salutary effects by encouraging politicians to make sure that similar levels of corruption do n't happen again . But , too often , as many would say has been the case with the IRS , stories of administrative mismanagement are blown out of proportion , consuming Washington 's time and taking their attention away from major problems . The worst effect of Watergate is that it created a climate where Americans fundamentally do n't trust their government . It is one thing to be suspicious , another to reject altogether . Recent approval ratings for Congress tanked to 7 % and for the President 29 % . This is part of the broader trend we have seen since the 1960s . It is extremely difficult for government to do its job or for voters to have the kind of faith in government , which is necessary for a healthy society . When Howard Baker asked his famous question , his hope was not to disparage government but to make it better . He wanted to find the corruption , to seek the reform so that government could do its job once again . Unfortunately , the kind of faith that Baker had in government never returned . To really banish the memories of Watergate and set the government on a better course , reforming politics is the most important solution . Improving our campaign finance system by curbing the influence of private money and imposing stronger restrictions on lobbying , such as the revolving door between the government and lobbying groups , is an essential first start . Until we take those kinds of steps , voters will always be seeing the shadow of Richard Nixon when they look at their elected leaders .	Julian Zelizer : The Watergate scandal had a devastating effect on American politics We still live in the era of Watergate , the scandal still reverberates today He says current politics is filled with accusations , scandals with the suffix "  gate " Watergate created a climate where Americans do n't really trust government
Spring Lake , North Carolina  CNN  -- Taryn Davis says she felt lost and isolated after burying her husband , a 22-year-old Army corporal killed in Iraq four years ago . While she struggled with her grief , it seemed that those around her found it easier to move on with their lives . Other military wives avoided her as though she represented their deepest fears . Family and friends insisted that her youth should provide solace . "  After the funeral , I felt ostracized , " Davis said . "  Everybody liked to write off my grief due to my young age . They liked to say : ` Well , at least you 're young . You 'll get remarried . ' " The topic of her husband -- even the mention of his name , Michael -- became taboo . She also struggled with survivor guilt that kept her from seeking happiness and embracing laughter . "  It 's hard to laugh and it 's hard to smile after a spouse is killed , " said Davis , 25 . "  In a way , you feel bad , because you 're like , ` He should be here and have the ability to smile and laugh . ' ... In another way , I think once people see you laugh or smile , they 're like : ` Oh , she 's over him . Great . ' " After her husband 's death , the military provided a death gratuity and assisted her with funeral arrangements . She also received recommendations for survivor support groups . Davis researched several of the groups over the Internet but did n't see anyone her age . She was also intimidated by the size of the gatherings -- sometimes hundreds of people at a time . She attended some grief groups near her home in Buda , Texas , but the widows she met there were over 65 years old and not tied to the military . Determined to interact directly with other young war widows and find out how they were handling their grief , Davis reached out to one whose husband was killed alongside Michael . The widow agreed to a visit , and Davis brought along a video camera , filming their emotional encounter and their touching account of memories , love and loss . "  It was the first  military  widow that I was seeing face to face , " Davis said . "  And for me , it was inspiring ... like , ` Man , if she can get up every day and do this with a child , I can do this . ... I ca n't let her down . ' " Davis traveled the country interviewing other military widows , compiling six testimonials in her documentary , "  The American Widow Project . " And four months after her husband 's death , she started a nonprofit by the same name . To date , the group has connected nearly 800 military widows through its website , which includes an online forum offering support and inspiration . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes Nearly 3,000 military spouses have been widowed during the global war on terror , according to the U.S. Department of Defense . Davis was convinced that many of them , like her , were searching for a more modern way to connect with other widows . "  Our main form of communication with our husbands  was  Skype and Facebook , " Davis said . "  The Internet ... it 's a safe haven , in a way . ... It lets  the widows participate  at their own pace . ... It allows other women who maybe are kind of afraid to step forward ...  to  be like ... ` You know , they look like me . ' " Social networking is vital to the youth-oriented organization , which connects women from across the country . Each week on its Facebook page , the group hosts "  Memory Mondays , " where group members can share their favorite memories of their husbands . And on "  Widow Wednesdays , " a new member 's story is posted . Once members feel comfortable , they can start attending events , which take place about every two months in a different city . Small , intimate groups of up to 15 widows meet for a few days , and there 's always a fun activity lined up , such as zip-lining , surfing or skydiving . It reflects Davis ' resolve to live with the gusto her husband had shown in life . It 's "  kind of having that perfect combination of a time where they are just living life like it 's going out of style , followed by a time where they can reflect , " she said . The American Widow Project is open to widows of any service member as well as women who were engaged to a service member . While the group accepts women of any age , Davis said , the average age of its members is 25 . "  Our comfort zone after our husbands were killed was our grief , our pain , this feeling that nobody understood who we were , " Davis said . "  And when they come to these events , they step outside of that comfort zone , and they 're laughing and they 're smiling . ... It 's one step , but it 's the one step that leads to the next step . ... As long as they 're taking steps forward , that 's all that matters . " When a widow first makes contact with the American Widow Project , Davis sends her an introductory packet that includes her documentary film . The website provides a 24/7 hot line that allows immediate connection to another widow , information on support and services , and personal stories from women who have lost their husbands . It constantly reminds the women that they are in familiar , accepting company . "  One widow told me ... the first time you meet another military widow , it 's like someone holding a mirror up to you , " Davis said . "  And it 's a mirror that ... you have n't wanted to look into , because for once , you 're finally seeing who you are , and you 're seeing it through them . It 's liberating . " Six months after her husband was killed in Afghanistan , Brooke Toner attended her first American Widow Project event . "  My little sister wrote Taryn , " said Toner , 30 , through tears . "  She did n't know how to get me through the loss , so she wanted me to find other sisters to get me through the loss . "  From my first event , I went from feeling completely alone to not anymore at all . " According to Davis , that sentiment is returned to her in spades . "  They 've given me the gift of life again , " she said . "  I do n't know what my life would be if I did n't talk to a widow every day . I 'm so grateful that they 're in my life . They 've taught me that love is eternal and that life can be amazing again . " Want to get involved ? Check out the American Widow Project website at www.americanwidowproject.org and see how to help .	Taryn Davis is helping young military widows find the emotional support they need She started the American Widow Project four months after her husband 's death The group 's website has a 24/7 hot line , and many of its members meet in person , too Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
EW.com  -- South by Southwest is right around the corner , and Coachella 's already prepping its polo grounds for a two-weekend extravaganza , which means it 's time to look forward to that third major warm-climate festival : Bonnaroo . Manchester , Tennessee 's , second most exciting tourist attraction  we see you , Old Stone Fort !  will take place June 7-10 this year , and its newly announced lineup is as impressive as ever . Perhaps the biggest headliner are Radiohead  who are also doing Coachella  ; also on the top of the masthead are the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Phish , who are no strangers to Bonnaroo 's muddy festivities . Some of the fest 's bigger acts -- many of which you may remember from the Grammys -- include Skrillex , the Shins , Bon Iver , Bad Brains , the Civil Wars , comedian Aziz Ansari , and the reunited Beach Boys  hopefully without Foster the People , though they will be there too  . Of course , there 's many , many more . Check out the full list of artists below : Radiohead Red Hot Chili Peppers Phish The Beach Boys Featuring Brian Wilson , Mike Love , Al Jardine , Bruce Johnston , and David Marks Bon Iver The Avett Brothers The Shins Foster the People Skrillex Aziz Ansari Dispatch Feist The Roots Alice Cooper SuperJam Black Star The Word featuring John Medeski , Robert Randolph , and North Mississippi Allstars Ludacris Ben Folds Five Flogging Molly Spectrum Road featuring Cindy Blackman Santana , Jack Bruce , John Medeski , and Vernon Reid Mac Miller Childish Gambino Major Lazer tUnE-yArDs Afrocubism Flying Lotus Umphrey 's McGee Little Dragon St. Vincent City and Colour The Civil Wars Young the Giant Two Door Cinema Club Punch Brothers NEEDTOBREATHE Fitz & the Tantrums Bad Brains Yelawolf Dawes Battles Danny Brown The Black Lips SBTRKT Phantogram Kendrick Lamar Charles Bradley and His Extraordinaires The Kooks The Joy Formidable The Antlers Kathleen Edwards Mimosa Kurt Vile & the Violators Alabama Shakes Das Racist Delta Spirit Gary Clark Jr. . Ivan Neville 's Dumpstaphunk Laura Marling Trampled by Turtles Mogwai The War on Drugs Ben Howard Grouplove Blind Pilot ALO The Devil Makes Three White Denim EMA Here We Go Magic K-Flay The Lonely Forest Mariachi El Bronx Big Freedia Dale Earnhardt Jr. . Jr. . The Soul Rebels Kvelertak SOJA Steven Bernstein 's MTO Allstars Plays Sly Big Gigantic Sarah Jarosz Orgone Darondo Fruit Bats Moon Taxi See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Bonnaroo will take place June 7-10 this year The biggest headliner is Radiohead , who is also performing at Coachella Some of the fest 's bigger acts include Skrillex , the Shins and Bon Iver
Prince Harry has arrived in the southern African nation of Angola to visit mine clearance projects run by the same charity backed by his mother , Diana , Princess of Wales . Diana visited Angola in support of the Halo Trust in 1997 , not long before her death in a car crash in Paris . Images of her wearing protective gear as she witnessed mine-clearing efforts in the towns of Huambo and Kuito helped draw the world 's attention to the suffering caused by landmines . Her son 's private visit to Angola comes three years after he traveled to Mozambique to see Halo 's work there . "  Prince Harry is visiting a number of demining teams across the region and will be touring minefields and meeting with beneficiaries of Halo 's work , " said the charity 's chief executive , Guy Willoughby . The trip will include a stop in the southern Angolan town of Cuito Cuanavale -- which according to Halo is believed to be the most heavily mined town in Africa . The remote town , population 43,000 , was heavily mined and attacked during Angola 's long-running civil war -- and work to make it safe for its residents continues today . Halo has removed and destroyed 21,300 anti-personnel and anti-tank mines from the area so far , with its efforts steadily moving out from the town center to areas farther afield . Halo , which began its work in the country in 1994 , employs more than 650 Angolan staff . Its demining activities are focused in four of Angola 's eighteen provinces -- Benguela , Bie , Huambo and Kuando Kubango . Its mine clearance work is increasingly focused on more rural areas , away from provincial centers , Halo says . As such areas are cleared , they can instead be used for growing crops , grazing animals or building houses . According to the charity , on average each hectare of land cleared benefits 11 families directly and 59 families indirectly . Halo is also involved in the country 's national disarmament program . Angola 's protracted civil war , which broke out after it gained independence from Portugal in 1975 and finally ended in 2002 , killed up to 1.5 million people , according to the CIA World Factbook . About 4 million people were internally displaced , more than half of them children , the United Nations said . After peace was established , the country faced the challenge of reestablishing civil institutions , rebuilding damaged infrastructure , demobilizing large numbers of former fighters and clearing land mines .	Prince Harry 's visit to Angola echoes one made by his mother shortly before her 1997 death The prince 's private visit is in support of the Halo Trust , an international demining charity He will meet demining teams , tour minefields and meet those helped by the trust 's work Prince Harry 's visit will include a stop in the heavily-mined town of Cuito Cuanavale
CNN  Kids , our George Jetson , 007 , Iron Man dreams are edging a bit closer to reality . Jetpack manufacturer Martin Aircraft of Christchurch , New Zealand , went public Tuesday on the Australian Stock Exchange . Stock prices soared , because who does n't want a jetpack ? After raising $ 21 million in its initial public offering , the company is promising 2016 delivery of its first model : a contraption boasting a reported 30 minutes of flight time at a max speed of nearly 46 miles per hour and altitudes of up to 3,000 feet . Company founder Glenn Martin created the design over 30 years of night and weekend work in his garage . "  Commercial Jetpacks are no longer the domain of science fiction , " the company 's Managing Director and CEO , Peter Coker , said in a statement . "  The dream of Glenn Martin to create a commercial Jetpack is about to be realised . " The company must still work out regulatory and insurance issues , the Sydney Morning Herald newspaper noted . And to be fair , plenty of inventors and companies have promised jetpacks , flying cars , robot maids and all the accoutrements of the future , with little to show for it . Martin , however , is undaunted . "  I always knew it would be a long road to develop a wearable jetpack , " Martin told the newspaper . "  The United States military had thrown lots of cash at big companies in the 1950s and 1960s that failed to come up with anything practical , and here I was just a Kiwi bloke in a garage with a hobby . " The company is taking $ 5,000 deposits on a personal jetpack , but its first commercial product will be a first responder version designed for fire services , search and rescue , border security and other government and corporate clients . That version will sell for around $ 200,000 , plus customization . Just one question : How many cupholders ?	New Zealand jetpack company goes public , saying deliveries will begin in 2016 The first model will be geared towards first responders
New York  CNN  -- The New York City Police Department released surveillance video Thursday from a traffic incident a day earlier that led to Lindsay Lohan being charged with leaving the scene of an accident . But specifics about what exactly happened remained as unclear as the video itself . The black-and-white video , which covers less than 30 seconds , was shot by a private surveillance camera and obtained by police the night of the incident , according to NYPD Detective Marc Nell . Lohan was driving a Porsche Cayenne into the parking lot of the Dream Hotel off West 16th Street when she allegedly hit a pedestrian who is an employee of the restaurant next door , said Sgt. John Buthorn , a New York Police Department spokesman . LiLo : Why has n't a certain Nickelodeon star gone to jail ? The video shows a dark car with its headlights on passing through a group of pedestrians as it turns from the street into an entrance . As the car disappears into the entrance and out of the frame , a blurred figure is seen appearing to run after the car . Included with the surveillance video was a police description of the incident that does not directly state the pedestrian was ever struck by Lohan 's vehicle . The description also clearly states the pedestrian remained standing and walking during the entire incident . Nell of the NYPD confirmed a Wednesday report that the alleged victim was treated at a hospital for a knee injury after the incident . The actress continued driving before parking her car and apparently leaving the scene shortly after midnight , Buthorn said . Police arrested her about 2:30 a.m. Wednesday , and she was given a desk-appearance ticket , meaning she was not jailed nor did she have to post bail . . Earlier this year , Lohan 's five-year supervised felony probation in California from two drunken driving incidents in 2007 was lifted . She remains on unsupervised probation for a misdemeanor shoplifting convictions last year . Lohan has been in court at least 19 times since May 2007 . Buthorn said police do not suspect drugs or alcohol played a role in the latest incident . Although the surveillance description never cites Lohan ever striking the pedestrian , "  everything stands as is " and the actress will still be required to appear in court , according to the police department . A representative for Lohan told CNN , "  As the facts of this situation come to light , it is going to be apparent there was no accident . " Lohan is scheduled to appear in court on October 23 , according to the Manhattan district attorney 's office . Officials : Lindsay Lohan a suspect in burglary , but no charges planned CNN 's Leigh Remizowski , Alan Duke and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	The brief video does not make it clear whether an accident occurred A police statement with the video does not directly state a pedestrian was hit The statement does say the alleged victim remained standing and walking Lohan is due in court on October 23 on a charge of leaving the scene of an accident
CNN  -- The eight teenagers crammed into an SUV that was only supposed to seat five . They were driving a vehicle that was reported stolen . And they were speeding down a two-lane northeastern Ohio road , authorities say . But any poor judgment was quickly eclipsed by a tragic crash that cut short six young lives . The black Honda Passport veered over the left side of the road , crashed into a guardrail and flipped over into a pond near the city of Warren . Investigators are trying to determine why , but Ohio State Highway Patrol Lt. Brian Holt said Monday that weather was not a factor in what he called the deadliest traffic accident in Trumbull County history -- and the worst in Ohio in at least three years . The vehicle was going faster than the 35-mph posted limit , but the exact speed was n't clear , Holt said . Officers are waiting for the results of toxicology tests , but Holt said no signs of alcohol or drugs were found inside the vehicle . None of the passengers was wearing seat belts , the highway patrol said in a statement . It also said that the owner of the SUV reported it stolen on Monday , although the statement did not indicate whether the owner had been aware of the accident . No defects were found in the car that could have contributed to the crash . The Ohio State Highway Patrol identified those killed as Alexis Cayson , 19 ; Andrique Bennett , 14 ; Kirklan M. Behner , 15 ; Daylan Ray , 15 ; Brandon A. Murray , 14 ; and Ramone M. White , 15 . All were from Warren . Murray had initially been identified as 17 . Teen tragedy : 5 die in fiery collision with tanker truck in Texas A desperate search Two of the injured occupants managed to escape by breaking a rear window in the submerged vehicle , emerging from the pond , then running about a quarter mile to a nearby home to call 911 , Holt said . Within minutes , a dive team plunged into the 4Â 1/2 - to 5-foot deep water to search for the rest . But none of the other six survived . "  With the vehicle upside down ,  that much water  would have been enough to completely immerse the interior of the vehicle , " Holt said . The divers "  did an amazing job , " Holt said . "  I know that the end result was tragic , but you ca n't ask for better response , professionalism . They got in the water immediately , and they did what they could do , " he said . Cayson was behind the wheel , the highway patrol said . "  She was loving . She was silly , and she was a clown . She liked to make everybody laugh even when we were sad , " her sister Ashia Cayson told CNN affiliate WKBN in Youngstown , Ohio . Deanna Behner wept as she remembered her son Kirklan , a popular teen with many friends . "  I got the call that he was in an accident , and when they picked him up they said his heart was n't working and they tried for hours to get him to come back , " Behner told WKBN . Behner said all eight teens were close friends who lived in the same neighborhood . Holt said it 's unclear where the teenagers were going when they crashed shortly before 7 a.m. Sunday near Warren , about 15 miles west of the Pennsylvania state line . He said the two survivors were cooperating with investigators . Sadly not uncommon About a quarter of 15 - to 24-year-olds who died in 2010 were killed in motor vehicle accidents , according to the most recent numbers from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The motor vehicle deaths significantly outpaced the other top culprits : firearm wounds , homicides , suicides and accidental poisonings . While the number of young drivers involved in fatal crashes has dropped significantly over the past decade , 15 - to 20-year-old drivers were at the wheel in 10 % of deadly accidents in 2010 , according to the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration 's latest numbers . A community devastated Teddy bears now line the guardrail by the crash site . Mourners left notes for the teens , several of whom were students at Warren schools . "  We 're a community that celebrates our victories together , whether they 're in the classroom or on the sports fields and arenas . So we 're also a community that pulls together and cares for each other at times like this , " Warren Mayor Doug Franklin said . Grieving friends and classmates gathered to mourn Sunday night at the Willard K-8 School , where two of those killed attended . Community leaders initially discussed closing area schools but decided it was important to keep them open Monday . "  We actually had some of the students who were siblings of some of the deceased , and they came to school today , and I think they needed that support , " Warren schools Superintendent Michael Notar said at a news conference Monday , fighting back tears at times . "  I think in times like these  affected students  reach out to teachers and to other students that they feel comfortable being around . And so we just wanted to keep our doors open for our students and provide that support that they may not get if we close school and leave them at home , " Notar said . Grief counselors visited local schools Monday to help students and staff with the emotional aftermath . Ashia Cayson said she wants others to learn from the shock of losing her sister . "  Pick up the phone and call your siblings , your family and tell them you love them . You never know what can happen . Tomorrow is not promised to anybody . " Teen girls take more risks behind wheel , study finds	NEW : The vehicle involved in the crash was reported stolen Single deadliest car crash in county history ; worst in Ohio in at least 3 years , say police The single-vehicle crash took place near Warren , Ohio The SUV was speeding , but cause of the crash is under investigation , authorities say
CNN  -- A man who pleaded guilty to perpetrating a hoax by falsely reporting that his son was drifting over eastern Colorado in a balloon maintains the incident was not part of a plan for fame in an interview with CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Richard Heene pleaded guilty in November to a felony count of attempting to influence a public servant , and was sentenced last month to 90 days in custody , to begin January 11 . He also must serve four years on probation and complete 100 hours of community service each year . But Heene , in an interview airing Friday , told CNN 's Larry King he pleaded guilty to save his wife , Mayumi , from being deported to Japan . "  I had to do it to save my family and my wife , " he said , according to interview excerpts released Wednesday . " ... We had applied years ago for some paperwork . Things got fouled up . We had to reapply so she should have been an American citizen by now , but anyway . I ca n't -- I ca n't break up my family . " Mayumi Heene pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of false reporting to authorities in the incident involving the couple 's 6-year-old son , Falcon . She was sentenced to 20 days in jail , but her term will begin after her husband 's sentence ends , so their children will have a parent able to care for them . Told about Heene 's statements , Larimer County , Colorado , Sheriff Jim Alderden told King , "  Quite honestly , I 'm shocked that he would make such statements . "  The evidence against Mr. Heene and Mayumi at this point is really overwhelming . There is no doubt in my mind that this thing was a hoax , and I really doubt that there 's very few people in America who do n't understand at this point that this was an elaborate hoax perpetrated by Richard and Mayumi . " At the Heenes ' sentencing , prosecutors outlined what they said was planning for the balloon flight , which they said was aimed at generating publicity for the couple , who sought a reality television show . The incident occurred in October , when a large silver balloon came loose from its moorings in the Heenes ' yard and drifted over eastern Colorado . Mayumi Heene called 911 and said Falcon was inside the craft . Millions of people across the country watched the saga on television for nearly two hours as military aircraft tracked the balloon in the air and rescuers chased it below . But in the interview airing Friday , Heene grew emotional as he recounted searching the house "  high and low " for his son . "  You know , after I saw him in and out of this craft , and Bradford -LSB- Falcon 's brother -RSB- told me that he went inside , at first I did n't believe Bradford , " Heene told King . "  And I told him that perhaps he 's around . I just -- I just saw him . " "  Sum and substance , you believed your son was in the craft ? " King asked . "  I knew he was in the craft when I ... " Heene began . "  Well , you did n't know it , of course , " King said . "  No , no , no . In my mind , " Heene said . "  In my mind . There was no other place , 'cause I visualized him . I yelled at him to -- to not go in . " The night of the incident , during an interview with "  Larry King Live , " the boy gave authorities what Alderden called an "  Aha ! moment . " "  You guys said we did this for the show , " Falcon said in the interview , when his father asked him why he had not come out from hiding when his parents were looking for him . At the time , the Heenes said their son was simply confused . Authorities said Mayumi Heene later admitted the whole thing was a hoax and that Falcon was safe in their home the whole time . Asked about his son 's remark in the interview , conducted last week , Heene said , "  Well , first off , let 's take into consideration he 's only been speaking English and just learned 3 1/2 years prior to that . He 's 6 years old during this interview , number one . Number two , I had gotten back into the house after the initial -- talking to the press out in front of my house . I had opened the garage door to get my family back inside away from these guys . And I looked over , and there was 30 to 40 camera guys . I asked Falcon after that , I asked him -- I said , ` Why did you say that ? What are you talking about ? ' And he said a Japanese cameraman from some -- old man , Johnny Camera , asked him to show him how he got into the attic for his TV show . That 's why Falcon answered that . " But , he said , his son was not implying the family staged the incident for a reality show . The full interview will air at 9 p.m. ET Friday .	Richard and Mayumi Heene said son was aloft in runaway homemade balloon Boy said they did it "  for the show " and parents pleaded guilty to hoax Now Richard Heene says he only pleaded guilty to keep wife from deportation Watch the full interview with Richard Heene on "  Larry King Live " , Friday 9 p.m. ET
Iran 's new President Hassan Rouhani took the oath of office Sunday , replacing controversial President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Rouhani , 65 , a cleric considered moderate , won the June elections with reformist backing . He campaigned on a "  hope and prudence " platform in which he appealed to traditional conservatives and reform-minded voters alike . He pledged to improve the economy and unemployment . And as a former nuclear negotiator , he vowed to reduce the high tension between Iran and the outside world by addressing sanctions related to Iran 's nuclear program . The White House congratulated Rouhani , and in a statement called his inauguration "  an opportunity " for Iran to "  resolve the international community 's deep concerns over Iran 's nuclear program . " Should Iran decide to engage on the nuclear issue , the statement read "  it will find a willing partner in the United States . " Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , speaking at his weekly cabinet meeting , said the president of Iran may have changed , "  but the goal of the regime has not been replaced . " "  Iran 's intention is to develop a nuclear capacity and nuclear weapons in order to destroy the State of Israel , " he added . Iran insists its nuclear program is purely for civilian nuclear energy . Fast Facts : Hassan Rouhani A former commander of the Iranian air defenses , Rouhani led three war and defense councils . He was national security adviser to the president for 13 years before Ahmadinejad took office . He has three law degrees , including a doctorate from a university in Scotland . As president of Iran 's strategic research center , he regularly publishes essays . The Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is Iran 's supreme leader . Rouhani will be a "  far more powerful president than Ahmadinejad would have ever dreamt -- or even , before him , anybody else , " says Hamid Dabashi , a professor of Iranian studies and comparative literature at Columbia University . "  Because his revolutionary credentials are absolutely impeccable . He 's very close to Khamenei " and to the "  security and military establishment , " Dabashi told CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " Still , he wo n't have the power to make a deal with the West on his own , says Dabashi . "  Iran is a very complicated regime consisting of security , intelligence , military and clerical establishments and a network . " Nazila Fathi , who was a New York Times correspondent in Tehran for 10 years , says Rouhani "  is not a reformist , even according to Iranian standards . He had backed the violent crackdown against the pro-democracy student movement in 1999 and never formally aligned himself with the reformist camp . " Also , it 's not clear whether Khamenei 's "  hard-line allies will allow Rouhani to introduce real change , " Fathi , now with Harvard 's Belfer Center , wrote in a column for CNN.com . "  The president sets the tone for domestic and foreign policy and can make room for more moderate voices in politics . But he holds little power compared with the authority that the constitution gives Khamenei . If Khamenei is willing to end international pressure over Iran 's nuclear program , Rouhani provides the perfect opportunity . " Rouhani : Hawk or dove ? Embracing a hard-liner label When Ahmadinejad won the presidency of Iran in June 2005 , he was a little-known mayor of Tehran . The son of a blacksmith assumed office billed as a hard-liner -- a label he embraced with rhetorical gusto . Two months into his term , in October , Ahmadinejad called for Israel to be "  wiped " off the map , repeating a remark from a former ayatollah . Years later , he told CNN , "  When we say ` to be wiped , ' we say for occupation to be wiped off from this world . " Ahmadinejad speaks to CNN 's Piers Morgan Also in 2005 , he declared the Holocaust a "  myth , " prompting condemnation by the U.N. Security Council . Then , in April 2006 , to a crowd of dignitaries , Ahmadinejad announced that "  Iran has joined countries with nuclear technology " -- sparking the conflict that continues to this day . Economy sours Ahmadinejad created a furor when he flew to New York to address the U.N. General Assembly on its opening day in September 2006 . He took to the podium , defending his own nation 's nuclear ambitions and decrying the nuclear records of other nations . The performance and the headlines that followed set a pattern that would repeat several times over the next seven years . Back home , Ahmadinejad 's time in office was marked by crackdowns and a economic malaise . In 2009 , he stood for re-election . Officially , he came out on top , but the result was disputed . Protesters filled the streets , and the Basij , a feared paramilitary group , cracked down . With thousands jailed and scores injured , Ahmadinejad pressed forward . But political protests were n't his only concerns . From Iranian rooftops , a view of protest and violence Fast Facts : Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Analyst : Ahmadinejad seeks to remain ` political force ' Later , as the price of bread and other staples rose , people again people took to the streets . Ahmadinejad responded with riot police and finger pointing , putting the blame for the economic woes on international sanctions . While he was prevented from seeking a third term , he 's unlikely to willingly give up being a "  political force " in the country , says Geneive Abdo , an analyst with the Stimson Center and the Brookings Institution . While "  the odds seem stacked against " him in that effort , Abdo wrote in a column for the CNN GPS blog , "  no one seems likely to convince the president to go quietly into the political wilderness . "	U.S. and Israel react to the swearing-in of Iran 's new President Hassan Rouhani He officially ends Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's presidency Rouhani is a former military leader He will be a "  far more powerful president , " says one analyst
CNN  -- Sepp Blatter has told CNN that his main aim in his fourth and final term as FIFA president is to restore the battered credibility of world football 's governing body . The 75-year-old was re-elected unopposed as head of the organization on June 1 after the only other candidate , Asian Federation chief Mohamed Bin Hammam , pulled out of the race before being provisionally suspended by FIFA over bribery allegations . The vote drew widespread criticism as Blatter received 186 votes from football 's 208 member associations , with critics saying it should not have gone ahead until the investigation into Hammam and FIFA vice-president Jack Warner -- who was also subject to suspension -- had been completed . "  I have said ` zero tolerance ' is one thing , but I have also said the social and cultural implementation of football is important -- but now it 's to rebuild the image of FIFA , that 's number one , and I have already started , " Blatter told CNN in his first sit-down interview since the election . Never mind Saint Sepp , the system is to blame "  We are now somewhere where football needs a little bit more credibility because we came building up football , bringing so much money in to this game . "  Automatically a lot of devils came in to the game and now we are in a situation where we have to go forward and we have to cut all these allegations , criticism , whatever . We ca n't do it in one day , but we will do it . " Blatter -- who described his election win as "  the title without glory " and called the ruling body "  my FIFA " -- ruled out blanket life bans for any FIFA member found guilty of corruption . "  It 's not a killing instinct that we have to kill people ! Zero tolerance means that if you commit something outside the play of field , you will have a punishment , " the Swiss administrator said . "  But it can be a yellow card , it can be a red card , it can be a suspension for two games , three games ... lifetime . " Maradona attacks ` corrupt ' FIFA chiefs Despite recent turmoil and opposition to Blatter in the race for the presidency , the Swiss insisted that both Hammam and Warner were longtime friends who remain on good terms . "  We are friends , but friends going together when it is in the interest of some of the people . For me , going together with people it 's only for the interest of FIFA because I have represented FIFA for 36 years -- it 's my FIFA , " Blatter said . Warner has since backed down , for legal reasons , on threats to release "  a football tsunami " by making public his email correspondence with Blatter . "  This is a question of character . If you have a problem inside your family you are not going to disclose if there is anything to be disclosed to the public , " Blatter said . "  But I do n't know what he means by the tsunami ! It 's easy to say , it 's like allegations made by  England 's former 2018 bid leader  Lord Triesman -- these are allegations and there is no evidence , so if somebody says it 's a tsunami , you know there are also very little tsunamis . " Blatter commits to ` change ' after winning FIFA 's presidential vote Blatter said he would not open an investigation into the awarding of the 2022 World Cup to Qatar -- Hammam 's native country , which has been accused of bribing delegates ahead of last December 's controversial vote -- unless his proposed new "  solutions committee " or FIFA 's existing ethics panel recommended such a probe . FIFA 's own secretary general Jerome Valcke wrote an email suggesting that Qatar 's financial clout had been behind its success . "  Let me work now on this new approach of the ethics committee , let me work with this committee of solutions . And if this committee of solutions or the ethics committee have the impression that they should do something then let them take the decisions , " Blatter said . Blatter has vowed to bring in a panel of experts to form the solutions committee and help address FIFA 's problems , including 88-year-old former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , Dutch football legend Johan Cruyff , 64 , and 70-year-old opera great Placido Domingo . "  These gentlemen are more or less advisers . They are not the experts but advisers , and what they should be also is the kind of council of wisdom -- which my Executive Committee would not like because they think they are the council of wisdom , " Blatter said . "  Placido Domingo will be part -- he is happy , he is proud that he is part -- as Kissinger also ! People say he  Kissinger  is an old man , but he is a wise man . " The solutions committee will be chaired by a FIFA official , with Blatter dismissing suggestions that it should be an entirely independent body . "  The football family has asked me to solve the solution inside FIFA and not outside FIFA , " he said . "  And if we have to go and open our borders and say everyone can come in ... we are a very organized institution with 208 associations , six continents . I 've put already zero tolerance in the agenda ! "	Sepp Blatter admits that FIFA 's reputation has been tainted by recent scandals President says FIFA 's financial wealth has brought in "  a lot of devils " But he rules out blanket life bans for any FIFA members guilty of corruption Henry Kissinger and Placido Domingo to form part of new "  solutions committee "
CNN  -- It 's the issue within U.S. sport which simply refuses go away -- concussion and the potential danger it poses to professional athletes playing contact sports . Earlier this year the National Football League  NFL  reached a settlement with thousands of former football players to pay $ 765 million to fund medical exams , concussion-related compensation , medical research for the retired players and their families , and litigation expenses . Now the National Hockey League is facing a class-action lawsuit brought by 10 former NHL players . The lawsuit says the league has n't done enough to protect players from concussions in a sport where physical contact is common and often spills over into heated argument . The players ' legal action drew a swift response from the NHL . "  While the subject matter is very serious , we are completely satisfied with the responsible manner in which the League and the Players ' Association have managed player safety over time , including with respect to head injuries and concussions , " said the NHL statement . "  We intend to defend the case vigorously and have no further comment at this time . " Former NHL All-Star Gary Leema is one of the 10 players to have taken the action against the league and its board of governors . Opinion : NFL settlement raises questions "  Unbeknownst to plaintiffs , scientific evidence has linked brain injuries to long-term neurological problems for decades , " read the lawsuit , filed in a Washington D.C. court . "  While every blow to the head is dangerous , plaintiffs did not know , and were not told by the NHL , how dangerous this repeated brain trauma is . "  The NHL has known or should have known of this growing body of scientific evidence and its compelling conclusion that hockey players who sustain repetitive concussive events , sub-concussive events and/or brain injuries are at significantly greater risk of neuro-cognitive illness and disabilities both during their hockey careers and later in life . " The players claim a series of updates to the rules made in 2004 , while creating a more exciting , marketable game , increased the number of violent in-game collisions . "  Hopefully this lawsuit will shine a light on the problem and the players can get the help they deserve , " Rick Vaive , a former Toronto Maple Leafs player and one of 10 players who have launched the lawsuit , said in a statement . The lawsuit also accuses the NHL of waiting until 2010 to prohibit targeting a player 's head during a challenge , while also failing to outlaw body-checking . "  We have , on our own , a long history , going back to 1997 , of taking concussions very seriously , " NHL commissioner Gary Bettman said earlier this year . "  We spend a lot of time , money and effort working with the players ' association on player safety . " The NFL agreement , which involves more than 4,500 plaintiffs , still needs to be approved by the judge assigned to the case . Meanwhile it was announced Tuesday that Rogers Communications has paid a record-breaking $ 5.2 billion for the rights to broadcast the NHL in Canada . The deal , which also includes multimedia rights , will last 12 years and is the largest in NHL history . Head impact sensors : On-the-field placebo or danger ?	10 former players launch a class-action lawsuit against National Hockey League Players say the league has not done enough to protect players from concussion Former NHL All-Star Gary Leema is one of the 10 players taking the action NHL says it will "  defend the case vigorously " and that it takes player safety "  very seriously "
CNN  The leading vaccines for Ebola will soon be tested in healthy volunteers in Africa , according to the World Health Organization . At a press conference Friday , Marie-Paule Kieny , who leads the WHO Ebola vaccine work , suggested there has been real promise offered from initial tests of two of the vaccines being studied . One comes from Merck and NewLink and the other is licensed by GlaxoSmithKline . Both vaccines have "  an acceptable safety profile " meaning there are no adverse affects that would keep it from being tested in a broader population . Trials of the vaccines in Africa should start soon . Health care workers will be among some of the first volunteers to be a part of this next stage of the test . Earlier the trial of the vaccine made by Merck and NewLink were stopped in December after some of the volunteers in the trial had "  transient mild " joint pain . After investigating that side effect , scientists concluded it was not a big enough issue to stop the development of the vaccine . No similar side effects were noted in the other vaccine trial . There are other Ebola vaccines being tested by companies in the United States and in Russia . While the Ebola epidemic seems to be slowing , people are still dying infections continue . To date , there have been 19,340 cases with 7,518 deaths in the countries most impacted by the epidemic , according to the latest WHO report .	Leading vaccines for Ebola virus show early promise Tests of the two vaccines should soon begin in healthy volunteers in Africa There have been 19,340 cases with 7,518 deaths so far in the countries most impacted by the epidemic according to WHO report
CNN  -- Researchers around the world are being asked to help stop the largest known Ebola outbreak in history . An emergency research "  all call " was issued Thursday by Wellcome Trust and the United Kingdom 's Department for International Development amid rising cases of Ebola Hemorrhagic Fever in the west African countries of Guinea , Liberia , Nigeria and Sierra Leone . Money for Ebola research will be made available from a $ 10.8 million initiative funded by the trust and the government department . Wellcome Trust is also making an additional five-year commitment for $ 66.5 million to "  develop the next generation of African health researchers , " it said in a statement . This money will go toward sub-Saharan scientists who are studying neglected tropical diseases , HIV , tuberculosis and other diseases , according to a press release . Experts are being asked to submit their proposals for treatments , details on Ebola and how it spreads , along with strategies on how to prevent its transmission . These proposals will be reviewed immediately , the statement said , so that research can start as soon as possible . "  We are launching an emergency call for research to strengthen what we know about Ebola and how it spreads , " International Development Secretary Justine Greening said in a statement . "  This will help us better equip those working on the ground so they can tackle the outbreak as effectively as possible and prevent more people contracting this terrible disease . " Wellcome Trust Director Dr Jeremy Farrar says the gravity of the Ebola epidemic demands an "  urgent response . " "  We believe rapid research into humanitarian interventions and therapeutics can have an impact on treatment and containment during the present outbreak . What we learn could also change the way we approach future outbreaks , providing us with tested tools and techniques that were not available to public health authorities this time , " he said . In an opinion piece published in the journal Nature on Wednesday , Oxford University epidemiologist Oliver Brady said "  tens of thousands of doses of experimental drugs are needed to fight " the deadly Ebola outbreak happening in the West African countries of Guinea , Liberia , Nigeria and Sierra Leone . As of Wednesday , the number of deaths from Ebola had reached 1,350 , according to the World Health Organization . Brady and two of his colleagues pooled available data to estimate how many doses would be required to fight the epidemic , identifying key risk groups that require help and looking at probable levels of exposure . They found "  up to 30,000 people so far would have required experimental drugs and vaccines " in the current outbreak . They concluded that the demand for medicine to treat people with Ebola and prevent further transmission is likely to be higher than most experts realize . Brady warned that both production and distribution must be scaled up to allow for equitable roll-out of any experimental drugs . Currently there is no approved or scientifically proven drugs to treat Ebola , and no vaccine . Treatment consists of giving fluids , monitoring vital signs and responding to acute medical crisis . Finding that treatment is key in preventing future outbreaks and the spread of the disease , experts say . Already several experimental drugs are in development . One , ZMapp was given to Americans Nancy Writebol and Dr. Kent Brantly when they were seriously ill . Both seem to be doing well in a hospital in Atlanta . More recently , the drug was given to three health care workers in Liberia who are also recovering . But researchers say there still is n't enough evidence to say whether the drug will be effective in other patients . There is continuing pressure on drug companies and researchers to produce a treatment that could work for the masses . The immediate need has put the U.S. Food and Drug Administration drug approval process to the test and challenged them to be more lenient . The Ebola therapy drug TKM-Ebola has already been tested for safety in small clinical trials , but until now was n't approved by the FDA for use in patients . A shipment of 800 to 1,000 doses of the vaccine , known as VSV-EBOV , were delivered to health officials in Liberia , as a donation from the Public Health Agency of Canada last week . It 's unclear if anyone in West Africa has received the vaccine . The Canadian agency said its stockpile is gone . Mapp Biopharmaceuticals , which produces ZMapp , said it has also sent its entire stock of the experimental drug overseas . Only the facts : Ebola experimental drugs	NEW : Global initiative against outbreak , disease announced in UK Epidemiologist says 30,00 people would require experimental drugs , vaccines WHO : Number of deaths in Ebola outbreak has reached 1,350 Right now there is no proven treatment or vaccine for Ebola
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- I certainly did n't anticipate this turn of events : that more than 200 Nigerian girls , students kidnapped from their hostels in dead of night , would still be missing , and with their abductors , for 100 days in peacetime , democratic Nigeria . The agony of the girls , and more specifically of their parents , has haunted the country since . In those weeks , at least 11 of the parents have died : seven of the fathers were among 51 bodies taken to hospital in Chibok after the terrorists attacked Kautakari , just nearby , and at least four are confirmed to have died of heart failure , high blood pressure and other illnesses . "  One father of two of the girls kidnapped just went into a kind of coma and kept repeating the names of his daughters , until life left him , " a community leader , Pogu Bitrus told the Associated Press . There is a sense of disbelief among protesters and Nigerians generally -- from across the world . Citizens whisper to themselves in malls , at parties , in the markets , across offices , at newspaper vendor stands and in airport terminals . We knew things were bad ; but we did n't know they were so bad that the Nigerian government would be incapable of securing even this symbolic victory over the terrorist Boko Haram for more than 100 days . When did we become the kind of country where this happens ? Well , it certainly has been a long time coming . Years of political infighting between the ruling and opposition parties led to a breakdown of trust and cooperation across state and federal government agencies ; the one suspecting the other of using the terrorists to win political advantage . The relative inaction has only emboldened Boko Haram , which these days invades communities , taunts Nigerians in videos  including the latest this week by its leader Abubakar Shekau  , and hoists flags in villages with the ease of an advancing army . Opinion : Nigeria 's kidnapped girls not forgotten The 100-day marker for the kidnap of the Chibok girls stands as the highest symbol for the failure of the Nigerian state to protect its citizens , to defend its territory , to inspire hope . From the two weeks it took President Goodluck Jonathan to officially acknowledge the scale of the problem to the relentless cross-government attack against citizen protesters , there has been a sense that the authorities are more interested in protecting their offices , than restoring confidence . It does n't help that it took the President 99 days to even meet the parents of the missing girls and only after a foreigner , Pakistan 's Malala Yousafzai had pleaded . It does n't help that , apparently , the 50-plus girls who escaped captivity have not immediately been taken under the wings of the government . It does n't help that the country 's secret service has taken to harassing leaders of the #BringBackOurGirls campaign at international airports . It has become a broken record : the government says it knows the location of the girls . But this offers little comfort , as little comfort as the lack of information as to how exactly the international community is helping , since it has no boots on the ground . The meeting with the parents on Tuesday hopefully opens a new chapter in efforts to find these people . For one , the much talked about empathy that has won this president the hearts of Nigerians was on display . Whether manufactured or not , it gave at least a ray of hope for a thirsty citizenry -- as we gather Wednesday in marches across the world , from Lagos to New York , Abuja to London . Maybe this will be the beginning of stronger cooperation between the Chibok community and its federal government ; maybe it will signify a thawing of relations between the presidency and the opposition state government . Maybe it will finally convince the President that protesters , like the parents , do not wish his downfall , they only want a slice of hope . In a politically charged climate , where everything is interpreted against the backdrop of the coming 2015 general elections , this might be little more than futile hope . But as we ponder the fates of at least 219 young women , caught in the Sambisa forest , surrounded by mosquitoes , spiders , dirty waters , deadly snakes and deranged fundamentalists , hope -- unfortunately -- is all we can afford . READ : Nigeria 's kidnapped girls not forgotten	More than 200 Nigerian girls still missing , 100 days after being kidnapped from their hostels Agony of girls , and their parents , has haunted Nigeria since , writes Chude Jideonwo Years of political infighting between ruling and opposition parties led to breakdown of trust , he adds Jideonwo criticizes harassment of leaders of #BringBackOurGirls at international airports
Editor 's note : This is part one of a two-part series . Jim Fontella was based at Camp Lejeune in 1966 and 1967 . He was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1998 . TAMPA , Florida  CNN  -- The sick men are Marines , or sons of Marines . All 20 of them were based at or lived at Camp Lejeune , the U.S. Marine Corps ' training base in North Carolina , between the 1960s and the 1980s . They all have had breast cancer , a disease that strikes fewer than 2,000 men in the United States a year , compared with about 200,000 women . Each has had part of his chest removed as part of his treatment , along with chemotherapy , radiation or both . And they blame their time at Camp Lejeune , where government records show drinking water was contaminated with high levels of toxic chemicals for three decades , for their illnesses . "  We come from all walks of life , " said Mike Partain , the son and grandson of Marines , who was born on the base 40 years ago . "  And some of us have college degrees , some of us have blue-collar jobs . We are all over the country . And what is our commonality ? Our commonality is that we all at some point in our lives drank the water at Camp Lejeune . Go figure . " Starting in 1980 , tests showed drinking water at Camp Lejeune had been "  highly contaminated " with solvents . Several wells that supplied water to the base were found to have been contaminated in 1984 and 1985 , and were promptly taken out of service after the pollutants were found , the Marine Corps told CNN . Among the chemicals later identified in the drinking water were trichloroethylene , a degreaser ; benzene ; and the dry cleaning solvent perchloroethylene . Two independent studies have found no link between water contamination and later illnesses , according to the Marine Corps . But the men facing a debilitating and possibly lethal disease do n't buy it . "  That 's literally unheard of to have 20 men come from the same place , walking on the same dirt , drinking the same water , " said Jim Fontella , who was based at the camp in 1966 and 1967 . "  I mean , there has to be a link there somehow . And they 're saying that it could n't happen . " Fontella , a Detroit native who fought in Vietnam , was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1998 . When it returned after surgery , spreading to his spine and back , he "  kind of manned up to it after a while and expected to die . " "  Once you have metastasis in the bone , it 's basically just a matter of time before you die , you know , " he told CNN . "  Luckily , I have already passed my due date by five years . I outlived that death sentence I got . " Fontella is one of seven male breast cancer survivors who spent time at Camp Lejeune who spoke to CNN . Fontella said that at the time of his diagnosis , he did n't know men could get breast cancer . Peter Devereaux , who was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2008 , was based at Camp Lejeune in 1981 and 1982 . The cancer spread to his spine , ribs and hips . "  The difference with metastatic breast cancer means now there 's no cure . So the average life expectancy is two to three years , " Devereaux told CNN . "  Being a man , I try to take care of my wife and my daughter , " he said , his voice catching . "  Now that I 'm considered disabled because I can no longer work and use my arms , you 're having challenges . " Dr. John Kiluk , a breast cancer surgeon at the Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa , Florida , said he 's startled by the common threads among the group . "  The average breast cancer patient for males is about 70 years old , " Kiluk said . "  So when you have gentlemen in their 30s stepping forward , without a family history of breast cancer , that is alarming . And the question is , why ? Why is this happening ? " As many as 500,000 people may have been exposed to the contaminated water over a period of 30 years , the Marine Corps said . Partain , Fontella , Devereaux and others CNN interviewed are all members of "  The Few , The Proud , The Forgotten , " which was set up to organize people who believe they have been affected by the contamination . But in a written response to questions raised by the men , the Marine Corps told CNN that two studies have examined whether contaminated water led to illnesses among base personnel or their families . "  To date , these studies have not identified a link between exposure to the historically impacted water at Camp Lejeune and adverse health effects , " the service said . In addition , it said a 2004 review by the Marine Corps found the service followed existing water quality regulations . And investigations by the Bush administration 's Justice Department and Environmental Protection Agency found no criminal conduct by Marine Corps officials and no violations of the Safe Drinking Water Act . But Tyler Amon , an EPA investigator , told a House committee in 2007 that some employees interviewed during the criminal investigation appeared to have been coached and were not forthcoming with details . The Justice Department decided against filing charges based on his concern , however . Parts of Camp Lejeune have been included on the EPA 's Superfund list of contaminated sites . Benzene , one of the chemicals found in the water there , is classified as a known human carcinogen by the federal government , while the other two are listed as potential causes of cancer . Frank Bove , an epidemiologist with the federal Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry , said the level of contamination in one sample taken at Camp Lejeune was "  the highest I 've ever seen in a public water system in this country . " But , he added , "  Whether exposures were long enough and high enough at Camp Lejeune to cause disease -- that 's the question . " Researchers need to know more about where the men lived on the base , what kind of work they did , their medical histories and other details before reaching a conclusion , Bove said . "  We 're not sure there 's one common cause across all these cases , " he said . "  There may be several different causes . " The Marines Corps said it has worked with environmental and health agencies "  from the beginning " to determine whether the contamination resulted in any illness , and "  this collaboration continues to the present day . " But so far , "  collaboration " does not involve medical care for the stricken men , who say they are now facing a bureaucratic Catch-22 : The Marine Corps sends them to the Department of Veterans Affairs , which says it ca n't treat the men for a condition that has n't been shown to have been "  service-related . " "  How could they do this to me after I served the country faithfully ? " retired Marine Rick Kelly told CNN . "  How could they do this to my fellow Marines ? "	20 people , all Marines or sons of Marines , have had male breast cancer Each lived at Camp Lejeune between the 1960s and 1980s "  We all at some point in our lives drank the water at Camp Lejeune , " one says Marine Corps says two studies found no link to "  adverse health effects "
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- A 90-year-old man from northern Germany has been charged with 58 counts of murder for the killings of Jewish forced laborers in the final days of World War Two . The man , who was not named , was a member of the feared SS serving in what is now Austria when he allegedly carried out the crimes , the state court in Duisburg , western Germany , said Tuesday . A state office responsible for the prosecution of Nazi war crimes filed the charges . On March 29 , 1945 , the man brought at least 57 Jewish forced laborers in several groups to a wooded area where they were forced to give up their valuables and kneel in a ditch , the court said . "  The accused and other SS members then shot the Jewish forced laborers cruelly from the back , " the court said . That day or the next , the court said , the man made other Jewish forced laborers who were "  exhausted and no longer able to walk " to march near the town of Jabing , which was then in Germany and is now part of modern-day Austria . He then "  insidiously " shot them from the back , it added . "  The accusation is that the accused let himself be led by the National Socialist  Nazi  ideology , corresponding to an extremely hostile and inhumane attitude toward the victims , who he viewed as inferior , " the court said . The court said it must now decide whether to open proceedings against the man , who has two weeks in which to raise any objections .	Man from northern Germany charged with 58 counts of killing Jewish laborers Killings took place just weeks from the end of World War II Man is accused of being part of an SS group that carried out executions
AOL Autos  -- Imagine this : It 's a gorgeous spring day in Miami and you 're thoroughly tempted to lower the top of your rental car and push the power pedal a little too hard in a bid to break free from the traffic crush on the Palmetto . But , though there may not seem to be a heavy police presence on the freeways on this particular day , you can be pretty sure that someone up in the sky is keeping a close eye on speeding vacationers and the massive traffic tailbacks they 're trying to avoid . Welcome to Florida and aviation law enforcement from the state 's Highway Patrol . It 's one of the few states in the U.S. that employs aircraft to monitor speeders , reckless drivers and , sometimes , soon-to-be felons fleeing a police pursuit  Nevada and Minnesota are among a dozen others  . And if you never quite realized what those strange white lines along the side of the highway mean , well , now you will . Flight Captain Matt Walker , the Florida Highway Patrol 's chief pilot , says his job primarily involves monitoring motorists ' speed between these painted white lines , which are placed a quarter-mile apart in frequent intervals . How it works Surprisingly , aviation enforcement does n't involve radar : it 's a straightforward stopwatch time over distance equation that allows a pilot to work out whether a driver has broken the speed limit . Captain Walker , having clocked a motorist driving too fast , then radios the speeding car 's information to a waiting state trooper , or ground unit , who stops the car and issues a citation . AOL Autos : How to avoid a speeding ticket That is , if the driver stops . Sometimes , Walker says , they do n't , a felony offense . But this is where aviation enforcement really comes into its own . In certain cases , rather than pursuing a fleeing motorist , which can be dangerous for all involved , an order will be given for the troopers to stand down but the pilot will still pursue the driver . Occasionally , the driver will head home , or even go shopping , completely unaware that his movements have been tracked from the air . Planes , after all , operate much more quietly than the helicopters often employed in other states in such pursuits . When the driver is quickly apprehended on the ground , usually they 're shocked to hear they 'd been tracked from high above . "  The troopers will back off and we 'll follow the vehicle , " Walker said . "  When the person does n't see the troopers ' lights , he 'll pull off and stop or he 'll drive to his house . And as he 's going into his house , the troopers are coming around the corner . "  It takes the fleeing portion out of the pursuit . Sometimes he 'll still drive recklessly but the majority of the time he 'll operate within speed limits if he thinks nobody is chasing him . " AOL Autos : Caught at 100 mph -- now what ? Walker says that a fleet of seven Cessna fixed-wing aircraft operates in the skies above Florida . The combined fleet delivers some 45,000 citations on average each year , and speed will be a factor in about 38,000 of these citations . The rest of the citations are made up of secondary factors , if the driver is drunk or not wearing a seatbelt , for example , or is driving on a suspended license . He says about 150 arrests are made each year where a pilot has spotted a clearly impaired driver , and aircraft enforcement results in the recovery of about 50 stolen vehicles annually . AOL Autos : Worst states for drunk driving "  The primary use of aircraft is for traffic enforcement , " Walker said . "  The pilot has a stopwatch and observes traffic going down the roadway . He activates the stopwatch on the first line and calculates the average speed over the quarter mile . AOL Autos : How police catch you speeding "  We 'll say , ` the vehicle is a red pickup truck in the inside lane , number 5 behind you , off to your left now , now he 's number 1 . The trooper looks out his window and will pull in behind that vehicle . We confirm the time and speed and the pilot will return to the lines and do it over again . " Impact of weather The most challenging days for Walker and his team of pilots are busy holidays with heavy traffic and when the weather takes a turn for the worse . He says in those situations , or when a storm is looming , the fleet will be grounded . "  We do not fly in inclement weather , " he says . Walker , who was born and raised in Florida , says that any prospective pilot must have logged at least one year as a regular state trooper and 500 hours of flight time and gained a commercial or instrument rating . He says many pilots were former civilian fliers who paid for their lessons out of their own pocket , although they can gain the qualification when they 're going through the police training academy . Walker was a trooper for five years before he took to the skies , and now spends about five hours a day in the air . He also has to testify in court should a motorist decide to challenge a citation . David Haenel , a defense lawyer at fightyourticket.com , has gotten to know many of the FHP pilots well in his long career fighting speeding tickets in Florida courts . He says he has won many cases challenging the basic equipment used to issue a citation -- including radio and the three stopwatches that pilots may use to clock a vehicle -- and discrepancies in the timing of an issued ticket . AOL Autos : How to fight a speeding ticket He says that a pilot must prove that their stopwatches -- which must be of a certain brand -- have been calibrated in the last six months . He says a description of the car , its time and its speed must be written on the ticket , and that the citation 's reliability must be proven beyond reasonable doubt . Which means that if there is a discrepancy between the time a pilot says he contacted the trooper and the time the trooper wrote on the ticket , even by a minute , Haenel has grounds to get the citation dismissed . "  First and foremost typically a client will tell me , ' I did n't see the plane in the air ' , " Haenel said . "  But I want to know the locations of where the lines are , if the ticket is written in the appropriate venue -LSB- or county -RSB- if the troopers come from different stations , if the ticket is valid on its face . " "  Every inconsistency goes in the benefit of the driver . The time on the citation is usually the most critical . If the pilot says 3.59 , but the ticket 's at 3.58 , or 4.01 , sometimes I do n't even take these to trial . " Tread warily the next time you 're tempted to put your foot down in Florida . You never know who might be watching . Or from where .	A few states in the U.S. use aircraft to monitor speeders , reckless drivers Aviation enforcement does n't use radar ; it 's a stopwatch time over distance equation Pilots radio the speeding car 's information to a waiting state trooper on the ground
CNN  -- President Obama and presumptive GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney both spoke about the economy in Ohio on Thursday . The twin moves by the dueling campaigns are a sign of just how important the economy and jobs will be in November 's election . By the numbers , here 's a look at long-term unemployment . 27 : Minimum number of weeks that a person must be without a job to be considered "  long-term unemployed . " CNNMoney.com : Only 1 in 10 long-term unemployed find work 5.4 million : Number of Americans who have been jobless for more than 27 weeks , as of May . 12.7 million : Number of Americans unemployed as of May . 39 : Average duration of unemployment , in weeks , as of May . 42.8 : Percentage of jobless Americans considered long-term unemployed . CNNMoney.com : Long-term unemployment crisis rolls on 21 : Percentage of unemployed people under 25 who had been jobless for more than a year , at the end of 2011 . 42 : Percentage of unemployed people over 55 who had been jobless over a year , at the end of 2011 . 63.6 : Percentage of Americans counted as part of the labor force in April , the lowest rate since 1981 . Unemployment takes tough mental toll 71 : Percentage of long-term unemployed who blame Wall Street institutions for the country 's employment situation . 40 : Percentage of long-term unemployed who blame President Barack Obama . 69 : Percentage of long-term unemployed who say their job loss has not changed their political views . Photos : A day in the life of America 's long-term unemployed 1.2 million : Highest number of long-term unemployed during the presidency of Jimmy Carter  from January 1981 , 14.7 % of the total unemployed  . 2.8 million : Highest number of long-term unemployed during the presidency of Ronald Reagan  from June 1983 , 24.6 % of the total unemployed  . 2.1 million : Highest number of long-term unemployed during the presidency of George H. W. Bush  from October 1992 , 22 % of the total unemployed  . 1.9 million : Highest number of long-term unemployed during the presidency of Bill Clinton  from January 1993 , 20.1 % of the total unemployed  . 2.6 million : Highest number of long-term unemployed during the presidency of George W. Bush  from December 2008 , 22.8 % of the total unemployed  . 6.7 million : Highest number of long-term unemployed during the presidency of Barack Obama  from April 2010 , 48.1 % of the total unemployed  . Long-term unemployment worldwide 41 : Percentage of unemployed workers in France considered "  long-term unemployed " as of 2011 . 48 : Percentage of unemployed workers in Germany considered "  long-term unemployed " as of 2011 . 49.6 : Percentage of unemployed workers in Greece considered "  long-term unemployed " as of 2011 . 59.4 : Percentage of unemployed workers in Ireland considered "  long-term unemployed " as of 2011 . 41.6 : Percentage of unemployed workers in Spain considered "  long-term unemployed " as of 2011 .	27 : Minimum number of weeks a person must be without job to be "  long-term unemployed " 42.8 : Percentage of jobless Americans considered long-term unemployed 40 : Percentage of long-term unemployed who blame President Barack Obama 69 : Percentage of long-term unemployed who say job loss has not changed political views
CNN  -- The Ohio man who imprisoned three women in his Cleveland home for a decade will speak at length during his sentencing Thursday , delivering a statement that his sister promises will allow people to see "  the other side of Ariel Castro . " Castro pleaded guilty last week to 937 counts , including murder and kidnapping , in a deal that dropped a possible death penalty in exchange for life in prison plus 1,000 years . He 'll give a rather lengthy statement , explaining his life and who he really is , his sister , Marisol Alicea , told CNN on Wednesday night . "  People will  see the other side of Ariel Castro ... not the monster that everyone thinks he is , " she said , adding that she was in no way defending her brother . "  He must pay for what he did . " Alicea said she does n't plan on attending the sentencing with others in her family , fearing the evidence will be too graphic . The sentencing hearing is expected to last hours and include witness testimony and evidence , a Cuyahoga County court source , who spoke on condition of anonymity , told CNN . Prosecutors want to make sure there 's a record going forward in case of a future appeal , should Castro want to try to get out of prison , said the source who was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter . Prosecutors also want the court and the public to understand the impact Castro 's actions had on his victims and the community . At least one of Castro 's victims , Michelle Knight , will likely make an impact statement during the hearing , Alicea said . An official with direct knowledge of the investigation also said Knight intends to speak . In a handwritten note , posted Wednesday on the Cleveland Police Community Relations Facebook page , Knight said she was overwhelmed with the support she has received from "  complete strangers . " "  It is comforting . Life is tough , but I 'm tougher , " she wrote . "  Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over , she became a butterfly . Thanks . " It is unclear if the other two women -- Gina DeJesus and Amanda Berry -- will address the court . They could make a videotaped statement , or a family member could talk on their behalf . Ariel Castro 's son : I wo n't visit dad in prison Prosecutors also have submitted an evaluation of Castro 's confinement and abuse of Knight , DeJesus and Berry that was compiled by acclaimed psychiatrist Frank Ochberg , considered a pioneer in trauma science . The evaluation was part of the prosecution 's pre-sentencing report , which has been submitted to the court . The evaluation -- using statements , medical records , videotaped interviews and transcripts -- painted a horrifying picture of physical and emotional abuse at the hands of Castro that included brutal beatings and repeated rapes that resulted in pregnancies that he would end by punching the women in the stomach . "  He appeared to be evolving in an ever more dangerous direction , capturing younger and younger women , telling his captives he was hunting for replacements , "  Ochberg wrote . Castro abducted Knight , Berry and DeJesus separately over a two-year period between 2002 and 2004 , according to investigators . The women and Berry 's 6-year-old daughter were held in Castro 's 1,400-square-foot home . DNA tests have confirmed that Castro is the child 's father . In the evaluation , Ochberg wrote that Knight -- who was kidnapped first -- suffered "  the longest and most severely . " "  But it was Michelle who served as doctor , nurse , midwife and pediatrician during the birth  of Berry 's child  . She breathed life into that infant when she was n't breathing , " he wrote . "  At other times , she interceded when Castro sought to abuse Gina , interposing herself and absorbing physical and sexual trauma . But each survivor had a will to prevail and used that will to live through the ordeal . " The women were freed in May after Berry shouted for help while Castro was away . Neighbor Charles Ramsey said he heard their cries as he was sitting down to eat . "  I see this girl going nuts trying to get out of a house , " he told CNN affiliate WEWS . "  I go on the porch and she says , ` Help me get out . I 've been in here a long time . ' " Finally free , Berry pleaded for a phone . "  Help me , I am Amanda Berry , " she frantically told a 911 operator . "  I 've been kidnapped , and I 've been missing for 10 years . And I 'm here , I 'm free now . " In early July , Berry , DeJesus and Knight released a YouTube video offering their thanks to all those who have helped them since they were freed . They have not faced their captor and tormentor since their rescue . "  I want to thank everyone who has helped me and my family through this entire ordeal . Everyone who has been there to support us has been a blessing , " Berry said in the video . "  I 'm getting stronger each day . " Why so many high-profile crimes in Cleveland ? CNN 's Chris Boyette , Ronni Berke , Ashley Fantz and Martin Savidge contributed to this report .	NEW : Ariel Castro 's sister says he must pay for what he did NEW : Castro will deliver a statement explaining his life , the sister says He 'll be sentenced Thursday ; the plea deal calls for life plus at least 1,000 years One victim , Michelle Knight , will likely speak at hearing
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Rob Thomas is a busy guy -- so busy , he apparently has n't had much time to check in with his Matchbox Twenty bandmates . Rob Thomas prefers to focus on the "  musician " side of his career , rather than "  celebrity . " We only know this because we ran into guitarist Paul Doucette at the BMI Pop Awards in Beverly Hills several weeks ago , where he was picking up a plaque for songwriter of the year . "  We 're interviewing Rob about his solo album , " I told him . "  Hey , " Doucette exclaimed . "  Tell that guy to call me , would you ? I did n't even know he was in L.A. ! " By the time we met up with Thomas the next day , he and Doucette had already connected over drinks somewhere between midnight and the morning -- musician 's hours . Thomas recently released "  Cradlesong , " his second solo CD . Even though he 's clearly excited about it , he spends as much time talking about Matchbox Twenty as he does the solo album he 's in town to promote . For the 37-year-old singer-songwriter , it 's all interconnected . One has fed into the other since he gained household name status a decade ago , after scoring a massive , Grammy-winning hit with Carlos Santana on "  Smooth . " Watch Thomas describe the difference between being a celebrity and a musician " The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Who has given you the best piece of advice ? Rob Thomas : Carlos -LSB- Santana -RSB- will constantly send you messages out of nowhere . Carlos will call me at 10 at night and be like , "  Listen , I had a dream about you , and so much good is happening , but there 's dark forces at work , and when you get out of here , I have this woman who wants to cleanse you . " I think Carlos ' most important piece of advice ever was that he taught me the difference between being a celebrity and being a famous musician . CNN : But some artists do n't have that kind of success , and they try for celebrity instead . Thomas : Sure , and sometimes that works -- but none of my favorites have done that . I remember when Matchbox Twenty started years ago , and we had a lot of success , but nobody knew who we were . The first time we did an interview with MTV , it was about how no one knew who we were . We had sold 8 million records . I do n't know if we were being naive at the time , but we thought we 'd won because our songs were more famous than we were . I 'm much more known for the music that I make than what I do with my life . It 's never , "  Oh yeah , I 've been seeing you in -LSB- the New York Post gossip column -RSB- Page Six at these clubs that you go to " or "  I know who you 're sleeping with . " CNN : When you became famous for being Rob Thomas the solo artist , did that cause problems within the band ? Thomas : No . I think the guys would rather it be me than them . None of them want the job , and they realize that it 's working now . They have a singer . I can go out and do it -LSB- publicity -RSB- for them , and they 're fine with it . They can stay home . I think there 's nothing more attractive than wealth and anonymity . If I 'm not out supporting my work , I really do n't want people to see me . I go to movie premieres -- my wife and I -- all the time , and nine out of 10 of those movie premieres , much to my publicist 's dismay , I get there , but I sneak around the pictures and get into the party -LSB- using the back entrance -RSB- . If I have a record coming out , I 'll go in front of the cameras , and I 'll say , "  Hi ! Hey , I 'm at this movie premiere . " I liken it to being a switch that I can move on and off . CNN : What has doing a solo project enabled you to do that you ca n't do with a band ? Thomas : I get to pick my own schedule , and that 's nice . Matchbox Twenty -- it 's four lead singers , there 's four front men , and everybody 's tastes , everybody 's schedule , everybody 's personal life comes into account when you 're doing something like that . We all live -LSB- in four different cities -RSB- ... so we literally have to pull ourselves up from all over the country and go somewhere , just to get us into a room to write . And you have to not think you 're so great so you do n't get upset when somebody does n't like your stuff . Like "  Her Diamonds " -- one of the singles on this solo album -- is one of my favorite songs that I 've ever written , and the guys loved the song , but did n't want to play it . -LSB- They said , -RSB- "  When you do a new solo record , you should put it on there . It does n't sound like a song we would do right now . " And they were right . When we put together the last Matchbox record , it was much more of a rock record . CNN : What 's the most surprising thing on your iPod ? Thomas : Britney Spears . Come on ! "  Toxic , " man , is just one of the baddest tracks ever ! I remember the first time we listened to " ... Baby One More Time . " ... We were like , "  Oh , let 's go play Britney Spears on the piano ! " And we all come over drinking , and after a couple of minutes , we 're like , "  This Britney Spears is a lot harder than we thought ! " CNN : Whose career would you like to emulate ? Thomas : Tom Petty is a famous musician . He 's not a music celebrity . When Tom Petty walks down the street , you know that it 's Tom Petty , but it would be like , "  Oh my gosh , it 's Tom Petty ! I love Tom Petty , right on ! " It would never be like , "  Aaaaaaaah ! " -- and 3 million teenage girls follow him down the street .	Rob Thomas of Matchbox Twenty has new album out , "  Cradlesong " Thomas says Matchbox Twenty is still very much together Singer : "  Nothing more attractive than wealth and anonymity "
CNN  -- With no time left on the clock , members of Congress finally reached a deal that would reopen the federal government and raise the debt ceiling . As the world watched Congress stumble and tumble toward the brink of default , Senate Democrats and Republicans finally agreed on a deal that gained enough support in the House to bring this episode to a close . Some Democrats and pundits have concluded that Democrats are walking away the victors . They correctly argue that the Republican Party has become so damaged in the polls as a result of their hardball tactics that they are extremely vulnerable in the 2014 midterms and could very well suffer in the presidential election of 2016 as a result of these debates . President Barack Obama also walks away from this deal with the Affordable Care Act generally intact , as conservative proposals to repeal the program recede further and further away from political reality . In 2011 , when threatened with the debt ceiling , Obama conceded to Republican demands by agreeing to the 2011 Budget Control Act . This time he refused to negotiate . But can Democrats really claim victory ? Not really . As the dust settles , Republicans might find themselves pretty content with the outcome of this battle . In terms of public policy , they have kept the President on the defensive and kept their main issue front and center . Throughout much of the past month and a half , when the President hoped to return from the congressional recess to push the immigration bill through the House , all attention has centered on sequestration , repealing the Affordable Care Act , cutting spending and avoiding fiscal catastrophe . All of the other energy has been sucked out of Washington . Even with the current deal , the sequestration remains in effect , severely harming government agencies that have undergone cuts as well as those in desperate need of funding increases . Congress and the administration will now embark on more extensive discussions about budget reform that will consume the attention of both parties until the middle of January . For now , sequestration remains in place , leaving many agencies with insufficient funds . The battle has also been beneficial to Republicans in that they have continued the process of normalizing the use of radical tactics in pushing for cuts to the federal government . Just as many Americans seemed to accept sequestration , conservative Republicans have not yet felt any serious political threat as a result of their having forced a government shutdown . Nor is it clear that there will be any negative consequences to them for having gone to the brink of a federal default in their fight for concessions on the budget deal . If they are left standing , there is little reason to think that they wo n't use these tactics once again . The last month offers them a template . Furthermore , the current deal simply postpones any decision and actually sets up another round of fights when Congress returns from its winter break in December . The new year will look very much like the one that came before . Given the pattern we have seen , conservative Republicans will be just as likely , even more likely , to employ the same kind of aggressive tactics and try to force the administration into accepting deep cuts in domestic spending if Obama wants to keep the economy in stable condition . 9 things we missed during the shutdown Conservatives will be even more emboldened as they seek to please their constituents going into the 2014 midterm elections . The deal that emerged from the Senate is simply a continuation of the kind of political chaos that we have witnessed since the 2010 midterms . Obama will have to start fighting on this issue as soon as the ink is dry . Obama has spent much of his second term on defense , responding to pressure from House Republicans to cut spending and trying to combat their use of radical procedural weapons . This crisis was clearly the most dangerous moment for the country . And it is true that Obama and congressional Democrats walk away having achieved important objectives . After all , the government is up and running again , at least for the time being , and Congress has raised the debt ceiling , thereby averting a global meltdown . But Republicans have defined the national agenda and forced a deal that does n't resolve debate . Just the opposite : It ensures that the fights will continue and the threat of default continues into the foreseeable future . Until Democrats find a way to reach some kind of long-term budget accord by building sufficient pressure -- and electoral support -- to push back against the Republican Right , they 'll find themselves on the losing side of this issue over and over again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer	A deal will reopen government and avert a default on U.S. debt Julian Zelizer : Some have argued the deal is a total Democratic win He says the reality is GOP can continue to make budget cutting dominant issue in Washington Zelizer : GOP can use same tactics in 2014 to force Obama to focus on their concerns
CNN  -- Football 's world governing body , FIFA , has officially sanctioned the wearing of religious headscarves . The announcement made at the Annual General Meeting of the International Football Association Board  IFAB  in Zurich , Switzerland follows a successful trial period which began in July 2012 . "  The IFAB approved the modification to the interpretation of ` Law 4 -- The Players ' Equipment ' specifying the provisions by which male and female players can now wear head covers , " read a statement on FIFA 's website on Saturday . "  After a two-year pilot , The IFAB agreed that there was no indication as to why the wearing of head covers should be prohibited ... " FIFA banned the wearing of headscarves in 2007 on the grounds of safety , but the ruling caused controversy . In 2011 , Iran 's women 's team forfeited a Olympic qualifying match against Jordan because members of their team were prohibited from wearing headscarves . However , following a request by Zhang Jilong from the Asian Football Federation in January 2012 , FIFA unanimously approved headscarves for a trial period six months later . A further relaxation of FIFA rules came in July 2013 after the Canadian Soccer Federation lobbied FIFA to change rules to allow turbans to be worn on the football pitch . No more slogans on undershirts On the same day it was relaxing its position on headscarves , IFAB also announced a tightening up of rules on undergarments bearing slogans . Until now , some slogans have been allowed but a blanket ban will now be imposed . "  Players must not reveal undergarments showing slogans or advertising . The basic compulsory equipment must not have any political , religious or personal statements . A player removing his jersey or shirt to reveal slogans or advertising will be sanctioned by the competition organiser , " FIFA states . "  From now on there can be no slogan or image whatsoever on undergarments even good-natured ones . This will apply from June 1 and will be in force for the World Cup , " FIFA secretary general , Jerome Valcke said . Players frequently lift their shirts after scoring a goal to reveal a range of messages from dedications to new born babies to get well soon messages to players or friends . But these , along with more colorful statements like Mario Balotelli 's "  Why always me ? " revealed while playing for Manchester City in 2011 , will now be banned . "  The idea is to get some consistency . The simplest rule for the image of the game is to start from the basis that slogans will not be allowed , " said Alex Horne , general secretary of the English Football Association . Read more : UEFA sees red over Bendtner 's underpants	FIFA sanctions wearing of headscarves following a successful trial period Football governing body caused controversy when imposing ban in 2007 FIFA also announce that all slogans on undergarments will be banned from June 1
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama walked into the White House nearly six years ago with a robust Senate majority and a promise to change politics . Now , he 's heading into his final years of office estranged from Democrats in the minority on Capitol Hill , facing Republicans uninterested in making big compromises and a public that has largely moved on from the heady early days of the administration . Obama is "  anxious to get back to work " and put the midterms behind him , according to a White House official who spoke on the condition of anonymity , adding the president regards the final two years of his term as a "  fourth quarter " with the potential for real action . He is scheduled to address the midterm results on Wednesday afternoon , just as he did in 2010 when he labeled the Republican takeover the House a "  shellacking . " The White House invited bipartisan congressional leaders for a meeting on Friday afternoon to map out the lawmaking terrain for the next two years . And administration aides are bullish about extending their strategy of going ahead with executive actions in areas where congressional cooperation appears impossible . But for Obama , the time for major legislative moves that would build his legacy could be short . With the midterms out of the way , the attentions of both parties will soon shift to the 2016 presidential campaign , leaving little appetite for bipartisan agreement . Achieving any legislative deals will require a level of compromise the White House has n't yet been open to ; it will also depend on a fractured Republican Party 's willingness to pass measures that have any hope of getting the president 's signature . In public , both sides say they 're ready to find common ground -- "  We 're ready to compromise , " Vice President Joe Biden told CNN Monday -- though aides are more pessimistic in private . Asked whether the president will be looking to compromise and take a more conciliatory tone with a GOP Senate , a White House official said the "  better question is whether the GOP wants to work with us . " Previous attempts by the White House to woo Republicans , including dinners and other meetings with Obama , did not materialize into compromise , the official pointed out . Republicans have likewise expressed some willingness to find common ground with Obama , though if four years of rancorous relations with the House GOP are any indication , that willingness may be fleeting . The conservative wing of the party has resisted Obama at nearly every move , so much so that the White House has kept meetings between House Speaker John Boehner and Obama secret . "  What the Republicans are very likely to do is to go in two directions at once , " said David Gergen , a former adviser to Presidents Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton . "  On the one hand , they 'll try and look as if they were cooperative with the president . On the other hand , they are going to play hardball . " Even with a Republican controlled Senate , conservative brass rings like repealing the Affordable Care Act or making major cuts to government spending programs like Social Security and Medicare will still be blocked by Obama 's veto . And while a GOP Senate may still take up those measures to exemplify their ideological splits with the White House , there is virtually no chance they become law . Comprehensive immigration reform , a longtime goal of Obama 's that was blocked last year by the GOP controlled House , will likely arise again in the new Congress as Republicans seek to boost their popularity among Latino voters . Some Republicans , like 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney , have argued immigration reform might have a better chance of succeeding with a Republican Senate , however the deeply divided GOP caucus in the House has n't shown many signs of uniting around a plan . Further complicating the equation : Obama 's vow to take unilateral action to address the millions of undocumented immigrants currently inside the United States . Originally expected at the end of the summer , the unveiling was pushed until after the midterm votes to avoid political fallout . The White House says they 'll announce their plan before the end of the year . That leaves lower-profile items , with less political baggage , for Obama and the new Republican Congress to haggle over . That could include reforming the tax code and brokering new trade deals â $ " areas both the White House and Republicans agree need attention . Those are also items that could cause some heartburn for Democrats , whose populist message does n't necessarily align with lowering corporate tax rates or fostering new trade pacts . Sen. Harry Reid , the Democratic Majority Leader , issued a blow to Obama 's economic agenda earlier this year when he refused to allow "  fast track " legislation on proposed trade deals with Asia and Europe . Some Republicans at the time complained Obama did n't do enough to convince fellow Democrats to support his trade agenda . A GOP-controlled Senate could offer a better chance to see it through . A tax reform measure that lowers rates on corporations could similarly gain more traction in a Republican controlled Senate , though disagreements on the size of the reduction â $ " and potential new revenue â $ " could stymie any deal . On major legacy-building items , legislative action seems impossible , leaving open the chances for executive actions more limited in scope . He 's already moved to curb carbon emissions at coal powered plants , and further climate actions are likely . Officials say he remains committed to closing the prison at Guantanamo Bay , despite continued opposition from Congress to transferring prisoners into the U.S. . The losses Tuesday wo n't necessarily change the overall calculus in Washington ; gridlock has been the norm at least since Republicans took control of the House in 2010 . The way Democrats lost the Senate , however , has caused some consternation within Obama 's own party . "  Running away from the president is never smart , " said one top Democratic strategist who has worked with both the White House and Senate candidates this midterm cycle . "  You look like chicken s -- . " Intra-party squabbling is a longstanding tradition for losing parties , and the White House would surely have appreciated more talk of the improving economy on the campaign trail . Administration officials say a major staff shake-up is n't in the works -- for now -- and that Obama is n't planning to come out and accept blame for Democratic losses . He previewed his explanation Tuesday , saying in a Connecticut radio interview the electoral map was to blame . "  This is probably the worst possible group of states for Democrats since Dwight Eisenhower , " he said . At least for the immediate future , however , the White House is moving on from the domestic political environment that left Obama battered , and in many races , unwelcome . He leaves Sunday for a week-long diplomatic visit to Asia , 6,000 miles from the redrawn Washington .	Obama is "  anxious to get back to work " after midterms Administration aides are bullish about issuing executive orders Obama is scheduled to speak to the public at 2:50 p.m.
CNN -- Ajax midfielder Evander Sno has suffered a heart attack whilst playing in a reserve match against Vitesse Arnhem on Monday . A statement on the club 's website said the 23-year-old Dutch midfielder had to be resuscitated before later being transferred to hospital , where he is expected to stay for two weeks . The incident occurred after 60 minutes with Sno , who came on as a half-time substitute , having to be resuscitated three times . As a result of the former Celtic player 's trauma the match was abandoned and he was treated on the pitch for more than ten minutes before regaining consciousness . Sno has played in for Bristol City in England , following earlier spells with NAC Breda and Feyenoord . Spain international Antonio Puerta died in 2007 after suffering a heart attack in his club side Sevilla 's 4-1 win against Getafe . In 2004 , Cameroon international Marc-Vivien Foe died after collapsing during an international match in France .	Ajax 's Evander Sno suffers a heart attack during a reserve match on Monday Sno has to be resuscitated three times following the incident He is now expected to stay in hospital for three weeks
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. military plans to help the Afghanistan government recruit , train and arm local Afghans to fight a resurgent Taliban , U.S. military officials say . U.S. soldiers patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan on Wednesday . U.S. officials describe the proposal as a "  community-based " security effort . The main job of the local units is to be an "  early warning system " and be armed mainly for defensive operations , a U.S. military official said . Participants will get uniforms so they can be readily identified , officials said . The first phase of the program is expected to begin next year in Wardak province , where the Taliban have overrun many local government institutions . For the United States , the most sensitive part of the proposal will be the use of American military funds to purchase small arms , most likely AK-47 rifles , that will be given to local Afghans , according to a U.S. military official . U.S. commanders acknowledge concerns that arming local groups is risky , as it could lead to new armed conflicts between tribes , putting American troops in the middle of unexpected firefights . The Afghan government will select men for the new security program . It will train them and technically arm them , although the funds will come from the U.S. military . The Afghans will be responsible for ensuring the loyalty of people in the program , but the United States will oversee the effort and collect biometric information , such as eyeprints and fingerprints , on all participants , according to the U.S. military official . U.S. officials are emphasizing that because of tribal diversity , the Afghan program differs from the Awakening Councils in Iraq , which include tens of thousands of Sunni gunmen and was credited with helping reduce violence there .	"  Community-based " security effort designed to counter Taliban gains Locals to be "  early warning system , " U.S. official says Program to begin next year in Wardak province
Athens  CNN  -- The DNA of a girl authorities think may have been abducted by a Roma couple in Greece does n't match any profile in Interpol 's database , the international law enforcement agency said Tuesday . In a case that has generated huge interest in Greece , authorities have charged the couple with abducting the child they call Maria . Interpol said Greek authorities have asked for its help in solving Maria 's identity . "  Until now , a comparison of the girl 's profile against Interpol 's global DNA database has not produced a match , " Interpol said in a news release . Interpol said it would make the database available to authorities in countries where someone who claims to be a possible blood relative to the child has submitted a DNA profile . The agency has more than 600 missing people listed on its website , 32 of whom are 5 or 6 years old . A spokesman for a Greek children 's charity said about 10 cases of missing children around the world are "  being taken very seriously " in connection with Maria 's case . "  They include children from the United States , Canada , Poland and France , " said Panagiotis Pardalis of the Smile of the Child charity . The couple who had Maria until last week appeared Monday in court and were remanded into custody pending trial . A lawyer for the couple says the pair adopted the child from her biological mother . The Smile of the Child said the girl , who was found Thursday in a Roma community near Larissa , central Greece , is being cared for in a group home . Medical tests indicate she is 5 to 6 years of age , slightly older than initially thought , said Pardalis . Police have said they suspect the records the couple provided for the child and for other children in their care may be false . In addition to the abduction charge , the couple is accused of falsifying official documents . Four officials , including the head of the registry office that issued Maria 's birth certificate , have been suspended while a police investigation is under way , the media office of the Athens municipality said Tuesday . The girl received the document this year , it said . It is unusual for a birth certificate to be issued years later . 1,000 years of Roma discrimination Authorities asked questions about Maria because she has fair skin and blond hair , while her parents have darker complexions typical of Roma , a race descended from Indian nomads , who face widespread discrimination in Europe . Haralambos Dimitriou , head of the local Roma community , said the couple took in the girl because her Bulgarian mother could n't keep her . He said Maria was raised like a "  normal " child . Pardalis said Sunday that she was found in "  bad living conditions , poor hygiene . " Calls about the girl Thousands of calls poured into Greece after authorities released photos of the girl last week . Deborah Bradley and Jeremy Irwin , whose daughter Lisa Irwin was 11 months old when she vanished two years ago from their home in Kansas City , Missouri , asked the FBI to contact the Greek authorities about the case . "  There is no such thing as a tip too small , " said Bradley , whose hopes were raised despite the apparent disparity in age between their missing daughter and Maria . "  I am not sure there are enough similarities between the girls , " a federal law enforcement official said . Still , the official added , the FBI is working with Greek authorities to determine whether the girl could be Lisa Irwin . A top official with the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children in Virginia said the center works with law enforcement groups to collect data , biometrics information and DNA that can be used to compare with samples from Maria . "  Frankly , right now ... it does not appear that this may be any of our children . But again we want to confirm one way or the other , " Robert Lowery , the senior executive director of the organization 's missing children division , said . He added that a definitive comparison could be done "  rather quickly . " Interest has popped up elsewhere In Canada , a spokeswoman for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said its Centre for Missing Persons and Unidentified Remains had been contacted by Interpol to aid in identifying the girl , though there was no information that she is Canadian . "  We are going through the files that we have and we are developing a list of possible children that could meet that criteria , " said Sgt. Lana Prosper . "  We are currently looking at an age range of about 2 to 8 years old , we do n't want to exclude anybody . The files we currently have to look through number in the thousands , but they include boys as well . " Once that number has been narrowed , police will contact local authorities to assist , "  if needed , " she said . Police : Couple kept changing story Authorities released photos of the two adults charged Monday in the case -- Eleftheria Dimopoulou , 40 , and Christos Salis , 39 -- in hopes that the publicity would reach someone who can provide more information about them . Interpol said it was issuing what it calls a "  blue notice " asking authorities in other nations if they have any additional information about Dimopoulou or Salis . Police said the blond child looked nothing like the man and woman with her , and DNA testing confirmed that they were not her biological parents . A police statement said the couple "  changed repeatedly their story about how they got the child . " A government news agency said police found suspicious birth and baptism records as well as family registrations that claimed the woman had given birth to 10 children and the man was the father of four more . "  I used to see the mother , she would come to the square here to beg with the child , " a man in the Larissa region told the Reuters news agency . "  At one point , I had asked her how she got such a blond angel . She told me she had conceived it with a blond man . " Prejudice against the Roma Prejudice and discrimination against the Roma are widespread in Greece and elsewhere in Europe , Amnesty International says . Maria 's case plays into old prejudices about them stealing children for forced labor . Pardalis mentioned such a possibility , saying , "  We do n't have any other information if this girl was forced to work or to beg on streets . " The government news agency also raised "  the possibility of the existence of a ring bringing pregnant women to Greece from Bulgaria and then taking their children for sale . " The agency cited past reports that empty coffins had been found for infants who supposedly were stillborn to foreign mothers in Athens . Photo blog : The plight of the Roma CNN 's Elinda Labropoulou reported from Athens and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Carol Cratty , George Howell and David Simpson contributed to this report .	Parents of a missing child in Missouri are among those to contact Greek authorities Tests indicate Maria is 5 to 6 years of age -- older than initially thought About 10 cases of missing children from four countries are being looked at , charity says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Liv Tyler does n't like to be bothered by her agents at night . But it 's a good thing she took their call pitching her "  The Incredible Hulk . " Liv Tyler plays Betty Ross , a colleague of Edward Norton 's Bruce Banner , in "  The Incredible Hulk . " "  My agent called me one night ... I had just put -LSB- son -RSB- Milo to bed . It was like 9 o'clock at night , and I always get grumpy with them when they call me really late , " she told CNN . "  They said , ` Marvel would like to fly you to Los Angeles tomorrow . Will you get on a plane to come and meet for ` The Hulk ' ? And I said I ca n't come tomorrow , but I can come the next day . " The flight turned out to be well worth it -- though Tyler said she was discombobulated by the speed of it all . "  I went and met with -LSB- director -RSB- Louis -LSB- Leterrier -RSB- and they offered me the part that day , " she said . "  I was kind of floored because it just happened so quickly and I did n't get to read the script . ... -LSB- But -RSB- it was kind of a no-brainer . " In the new "  Hulk , " "  The Lord of the Rings " actress plays Betty Ross , a former colleague of scientist and Hulk alter ego Bruce Banner  Edward Norton  . She said working on the film brought back memories of her childhood watching the TV show starring Bill Bixby and Lou Ferrigno .  Ferrigno has a cameo in the new film . "  I loved the TV show when I was a kid , " she said . "  I used to watch it all the time with my mom . It was our favorite show . " Tyler , 30 , said that she felt a tremendous sense of responsibility to the "  Hulk " mythology , particularly since a 2003 film on the character met with mixed reviews . Watch Tyler , Norton and Leterrier on the latest "  Hulk " " "  Well , a lot of people would say -- even I said -- ` Oh , they 're making "  The Hulk " ? ' Did n't they do that already ? " she said . But she added , "  The fans love this so much ... and there 's so much detail to the story , I always feel quite stressed about that , like I really want to do the part justice . ... I definitely feel that responsibility and want to do the best job that I can . " CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	Actress Liv Tyler says "  Hulk " role came unexpectedly Tyler plays Betty Ross in new film version of Marvel superhero Tyler says she was huge fan of TV show with Bill Bixby
CNN  -- Seven people were found shot to death Sunday inside a Grapevine , Texas , apartment , police said . The seven , believed to be related , were apparently in the process of opening Christmas gifts or had just finished doing so in the apartment 's living room area , said Grapevine police Sgt. Robert Eberling . Authorities responded to the address "  in reference to a 911 open line , " Grapevine police said in a statement . The seven bodies -- four female adults and three adult males -- were found when officers entered the apartment . "  All victims appear to have gunshot wounds , " said the statement . Authorities are not searching for a suspect , said Eberling , and believe one of the seven people was the shooter . The victims range in age from about 18 years to middle age , he said . The investigation was ongoing , authorities said . Grapevine is about 25 miles northwest of Dallas . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Darrell Calhoun contributed to this report .	NEW : The victims apparently were opening Christmas gifts , police say Police believe one of the seven is the shooter All the victims had gunshot wounds , police say
CNN  -- After 302 days behind bars -- and 130 days on hunger strike -- Maikel Nabil is savoring his freedom and his food . Nabil , 26 , was jailed after being convicted by an Egyptian military tribunal in March last year for writing a blog post and Facebook comments criticizing the country 's military rulers who took over from ousted president Hosni Mubarak . He was released on January 24 , one of 1,900 prisoners pardoned by Marshall Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , the head of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , before the first anniversary of the start of Egypt 's revolution . By chance , Nabil was also released in time for the premiere of "  Back to the Square , " a film about life in post-Mubarak Egypt , featuring Nabil 's brother Mark campaigning for his release . "  Back to the Square , " by director Petr Lom , premiered at the Rotterdam International Film Festival on January 29 and will be the opening film at the One World International Human Rights Documentary Film Festival in Prague , Czech Republic in March . Nabil 's ordeal was one of five stories in the film , which also followed a 15-year-old boy who was almost killed in Tahrir Square on the Day of the Camel during the revolution , when pro-Mubarak supporters on horses and camels clashed with pro-democracy demonstrators . Also featured : An ex-convict who says he was forced to fight protesters in Tahrir Square ; a female protester who was subjected to a virginity test ; and a woman who says she was arrested and told to testify against her husband . "  As I collected stories it was clearer and clearer that there was a continuing injustice and lack of human rights that seemed to be the most urgent thing to be tackled , " Lom said . "  Up until the end of last summer , most of the coverage suggested the country had already transformed , but it seemed to be that had n't really happened . " He said all the characters he filmed were victims of injustice in post-revolutionary Egypt . More from Inside the Middle East : Women and the Arab uprisings : 8 ` agents of change ' to follow "  The film has a theme of the loss of innocence , young people growing up and seeing reality and how it corresponds to their young dreams , " Lom said . In a telephone interview , shortly after his release , Nabil said , "  I want my voice to be heard and I 'm happy that is happening . However , I ca n't say I 'm pleased to be released because I should n't have been jailed from the beginning . I have n't done anything wrong , I have n't committed any crimes , I have just written my opinions . " He added : "  The army should be tried for its human rights violations , not me . I can be called back to prison at any time , so I 'm not really free . They have the material to send me back to jail . But I will continue to speak out . I 'm still shouting very loudly . " A government spokesman denied Nabil 's accusations of ill-treatment and said the blogger was suffering from disorientation as a result of his solitary confinement . The government has also repeatedly denied allegations of human rights abuses . Nabil went on hunger strike while in jail to protest his trial by military tribunal , which he described as a piece of "  theater " in which he was unable to defend himself . He was able to sustain his hunger strike for 130 days by drinking water , milk and juice some days . Some days he had nothing at all . Overall , he had nothing to eat or drink on 10 days , 39 days he had only water , and 81 days of drinking milk and juice , Nabil said . "  I used hunger strike as a tool of nonviolent struggle to protest against my trial by military tribunal . "  It was my first experience of hunger strike and I was discovering my body and its ability to resist hunger . The hunger strike was effective because it showed people that I was ready to die for my freedom , " Nabil said . "  People inside and outside of Egypt took interest in my safety and my life . "  People who refused to defend me changed their mind after my hunger strike . "  I became very , very sick , and suffered from problems with my heart and liver . " Nabil ended the hunger strike on December 31 , several weeks before learning he was to be released . "  I ended the hunger strike because of the number of letters I received from activists all over the world . They asked me to stay alive for them to keep my knowledge to fight . These people loved me and wanted me to stay alive . "  The other reason I stopped was because I felt the new parliament in Egypt could make a change . " Egypt 's lower house of parliament took over legislative power on January 23 after elections late last year , with 70 % of seats taken by Islamist parties . Elections for the upper house of parliament , the Shura Council , will be completed next month . Presidential elections are set for June . More from Inside the Middle East : Egypt one year on : How the revolution has changed our lives Nabil continued to write nearly 80 articles while in prison and smuggled them out with friends , who published them on the internet . Nabil said he learned of his pardon from news reports three days before his release . "  I did n't believe it or trust that it would happen until I was at home with my family and friends , " he said . Petr Lom visited Nabil a month after his arrest while filming "  Back to the Square , " although he was unable to film in the prison . "  It sent shivers down my spine to meet such an extraordinarily courageous young fellow , " Lom said . "  He did n't mind being in prison for standing up for what 's right . " Lom spent several months filming Nabil 's brother Mark as he campaigned to raise awareness and support for his release . Mark Nabil traveled to Rotterdam with Lom for the premiere of the film . He told the The Daily Star , Lebanon : "  Maikel was against the way the army was taking over the revolution . He knew that nothing would change if the army took over . " A month after ending his hunger strike , Nabil said he is fully recovered and has regained the weight he lost .	Maikel Nabil was jailed by military tribunal for criticizing Egyptian army in a blog post He was freed to celebrate the first anniversary of revolution and in time for release of film about his case Nabil is one of five stories of injustice featured in the film "  Back to the Square " Other stories include convict asked to fight revolutionaries and a girl subjected to "  virginity test "
CNN  America may be growing less hateful . That 's according to an annual Southern Poverty Law Center report that says the number of hate groups in the United States remains on the decline for the second year in a row . In the "  Intelligence Report " released Tuesday , the SPLC says the number of hate groups operating in the U.S. declined 17 % between 2013 and 2014 . They are now at their lowest levels since 2005 , the watchdog organization said . "  Patriot groups , which are animated by a series of conspiracy theories about the alleged evils of the federal government , fell even faster , to 874 groups from a 2012 peak of 1,360 groups . In just the last year , the number of Patriot groups declined by 20 % , from 1,096 groups to 874 , " the report said . "  But those numbers may be somewhat deceiving . More than half of the decline in hate groups was of Ku Klux Klan chapters , and many of those have apparently gone underground , ending public communications , rather than disbanding . " The decline may be due to a number of factors , including the rebounding economy , law enforcement action and leadership issues within the groups , the SPLC said . The "  high social " cost of being associated publicly with a hate group is also noted as a factor for decline , the group said . "  The atmosphere has changed , " Mark Potok , editor-in-chief of the "  Intelligence Report , " told reporters on a conference call . "  Overall , the groups are less important . " People publishing messages of hate directly to the Internet is also cited as a possible reason for the decline in the organized groups . California and Florida have the largest number of hate groups , with more than 50 each . Alaska and Hawaii are the only states with no hate groups , according to the SPLC . The report tracks the number of chapters or groups , not individual members , so while the number of groups is on the decline , it 's possible that some of the groups that remain have increased membership . The Ku Klux Klan experienced the largest decline of all hate groups , according to the report , losing more than 50 % of its chapters . One of the oldest and most infamous hate groups in the United States , the KKK took its foothold after the Civil War , terrorizing the African-American population with intimidation and violent actions , including lynching . The Klan 's growth slowed after the establishment of Jim Crow laws in the American South , according to the SPLC . The KKK 's last resurgence came during the civil rights movement of the 1960s . The group was again responsible for large-scale terror against the South 's African-American population . In 1990 , the SPLC started to keep track of the number of KKK chapters , which reached a high of 221 in 2010 , in response to President Barack Obama 's election , according to the report . Since then , the numbers have been on the decline . The SPLC now reports 72 chapters , down from 163 a year ago . Under Obama , 4 in 10 say race relations worsened The reason for the decline of the Ku Klux Klan is not totally clear , though the report even suggests the groups may be going deeper underground . "  It appears that most of the groups simply faded as their leaders and members got older , but it is also very possible that many simply stopped announcing where their chapters were , " the report said . The center estimates that between 5,000 and 8,000 people are Klan members in the United States . Opinion : America facing anti-Muslim bigotry The SPLC report also notes that more people may be operating as so-called lone wolves . The overall number of hate groups peaked in 2011 and has been on the decline since . However , the number of registered users to Stormfront -- a website claiming to be "  the voice of the new , embattled White minority ! " -- has doubled since 2008 . It now has nearly 300,000 users . Lone wolves are a concern , the report said , because 90 % of all domestic terror attacks since 2009 were carried out by individuals or pairs . Lone wolf planned attack on U.S. Capitol , FBI says The report points to neo-Nazi Frazier Glenn Miller , who allegedly killed three people in Kansas who he thought were Jewish , and an incident in Las Vegas , where an anti-government couple killed two police officers before being killed themselves , as examples of radical criminal elements acting alone . The SPLC refers to this and other indicators to say that many individuals may be moving from organized groups to the Internet , to become more anonymous . Looking towards next year , SPLC is "  expecting a real wave of Islamophobia " because of the proliferation of ISIS and the heavy media coverage of the extremist group , Potok told reporters .	Media coverage of ISIS could spur "  real wave of Islamophobia , " report 's editor says The number of hate groups across the U.S. dropped 17 % from 2013 to 2014 , the report says In particular , the number of KKK chapters dropped from 163 to 72 in a year , it says
Naples , Florida  CNN  -- He did n't lose any friends or family on that Tuesday in September of 2001 , but Rudi Dekkers achieved infamy that day , watching two of his flight school students commit murder as they steered two hijacked passenger jets into the World Trade Center towers . Today , he celebrates the death of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . "  I wish I killed him , " he told CNN . "  Like a lot of people , I wish I was the one . And bravo to everyone who was behind this . The head of the snake is gone . " Dekkers says he 's spent the past 10 years wondering why two terrorists would choose his Venice , Florida , flight school to practice for the day that will go down in U.S. history as one of its greatest tragedies . Now bin Laden may be gone , but the pain is not . "  To realize he 's not there anymore takes some time ... it 's a deep emotion for me , " Dekkers said . "  I do n't have that closure yet . I feel like it is buried . But it is fine and perfect that he 's out of the picture . " Dekkers ' life has been turned upside down ever since it became known that Mohamed Atta and Marwan al Shehhi came to his school , Huffman Aviation , to get their multi-engine commercial pilot licenses in the summer of 2000 . A year later , Atta piloted American Airlines Flight 11 into the north tower of the World Trade Center and shortly after , al Shehhi steered United Airlines Flight 175 into the south tower . Dekkers wrote a book about it , "  Guilty by Association , " He says the title pretty much sums up the last 10 years of his life , filled with threats , forced to sell his business . "  Guilty by association is meant as a phrase to mean banks wo n't borrow you money . I ca n't get a job because I 'm related to 9/11 , " he claimed . And now , with the death of bin Laden , Dekkers is emotionally encouraged , but it 's only part of the healing . "  Ten years with this emotion , do you think it 's over in one day ? " he asked . "  They want a scapegoat ... when I met people and they found out I was affiliated with this , they turned their back . " Dekkers no longer has a flight school . He was not able to secure financing , he believes , because of his ties to the 9/11 tragedy . He went into the swimming pool business for a while and today he runs a cellular phone business . He says that while the event remains heavy on his mind , he does not feel responsible . "  Is the grocery store responsible for keeping them alive , because they bought groceries there ? This is life . We 're all caught up in this , " he said . Dekkers says that both Atta and al Shehhi never displayed any behaviors that would have labeled them as terrorists . At one point , he says , the two men were on the verge of being kicked out of the school because they did not appear to be taking their training seriously and were too busy fooling around and not listening to their instructors . They had to be warned , and went on to become average students , Dekkers said . "  Al Shehhi was a more likable person . He laughed and joked , " said Dekkers . "  My employees called Atta ` Dead man walking . ' He had a white face and no emotions and was a nasty person , very unfriendly , " Dekkers told CNN . The two future terrorists went on to pass the FAA commercial pilot 's test and were granted their licenses . "  I did n't know what they were about to do , " Dekkers said . "  I do n't feel guilty at all . I could n't do nothing about it . "  I wish I could be a hero . I think about this often . Why me ? But that 's fate . You ca n't turn away from fate , I guess . "	Flight school owner says he 's suffered for 10 years He almost kicked out the al Qaeda members for goofing off too much The man is pleased by bin Laden 's death , but says it 's too soon for him to feel better
CNN  -- William Guarnere , a World War II veteran popularized by the "  Band of Brothers " miniseries , has died . He was 90 . Guarnere was rushed to a hospital early Saturday morning and died of a ruptured aneurism that night , his son , William Guarnere Jr. , told CNN . "  He lived a good life . He traveled a lot . He pretty much did everything he could have done , " the son said Sunday . During the war , Guarnere earned the nickname "  Wild Bill . " He lost a leg trying to save a friend on the battlefield . The HBO miniseries was based on a book by Stephen E. Ambrose . It told the story of Easy Company , 506th Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division , U.S. Army . Guarnere was played by actor Frank John Hughes . The family is planning a funeral this week in Philadelphia , where Guarnere was born and lived most of his life , his son said . People we 've lost in 2014	Guarnere died of a ruptured aneurism ; he was 90 During the war , he earned the nickname "  Wild Bill " "  He lived a good life ... He pretty much did everything he could have done , " his son says
CNN  -- The past year has seen the number of CIA drone strikes in Pakistan plummet . In the first three months of 2012 , there were 11 , compared with 21 in the first three months of 2011 and a record 28 in the first quarter of 2010 . On Monday , Pakistan 's parliament started to debate whether the United States should be made to stop CIA drone strikes altogether in the Pakistani border regions with Afghanistan and also whether the U.S. should apologize for NATO airstrikes that killed some two dozen Pakistani soldiers late last year . Given the high level of hostility to the United States in Pakistan , the results of the parliamentary debate are pretty much a foregone conclusion . The parliament will almost certainly vote against the allowing the continuation of the drone strikes and will also demand an American apology for the deaths of its soldiers . Obama calls for balanced approach on U.S.-Pakistan relations The debate in parliament comes as relations between the U.S. and Pakistan have reached a nadir , caused by a wave of incidents over the past year that have poisoned the two countries ' already often troubled relationship : -- The killing of two Pakistanis by a CIA contractor in January 2011 . -- The unilateral U.S. attack on Osama bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad four months later . -- The airstrikes by NATO in November that killed the Pakistani soldiers . That incident caused Pakistan to close its borders to trucks resupplying NATO soldiers in Afghanistan . At 2 a.m. November 26 , two Pakistani border posts about half a kilometer from the Afghan border came under heavy fire from NATO helicopters that had strayed across the border into Pakistani airspace . Pakistani officials immediately termed the attack , which killed 26 Pakistani soldiers , a "  deliberate act of aggression , " while U.S. officials maintained that the Pakistani security officials had fired on the helicopters first . Either way , the friendly fire incident was devastating , not least to the U.S. drone program in Pakistan 's tribal regions , which was subsequently suspended for almost seven weeks , one of the longest pauses in the strikes since the program started in 2004 . Pakistan also ordered the United States to vacate Shamsi Air Base in Balochistan , from which many of the CIA drones were launched . For many months before this incident , the United States ' aggressive drone campaign in Pakistan had been slowing . There were 70 drone strikes in Pakistan 's tribal regions in 2011 , down from 118 in 2010 , which saw the peak number of strikes since the program began . The drop in drone strikes during 2011 was because a series of events that wore on the ever-fragile U.S.-Pakistan relationship . On January 27 , 2011 , an American citizen , Raymond Davis , shot and killed two Pakistanis who he said were attempting to rob him in the streets of Lahore . Despite U.S. claims of diplomatic immunity because of Davis ' employment at the U.S. consulate in Lahore , he landed in jail , charged with a double murder and illegal weapons possession . Much of the Pakistani public was outraged when it was revealed in February that Davis was a CIA contractor . As a result of the complex negotiations to get Davis out of Pakistani jail , there were just three CIA drone strikes in February and another nine strikes in March while U.S. officials worked to settle the issue and finally bring Davis home . The day after Davis was finally released , a strike on March 17 , 2011 , killed a reported 36 civilians , as well as a top Taliban commander . Pakistani officials condemned the strike , and Pakistanis took to the streets to protest them . The CIA suspended drone strikes for a month , before resuming them again on April 13 . Less than a month after the drone strikes had picked up , on May 1 , U.S. Navy SEALs secretly flew into Pakistani territory aboard stealth helicopters to capture or kill Osama bin Laden , who was living not far from the Pakistani capital , Islamabad . Pakistan 's powerful military establishment was angry about the violation of its sovereignty , and relations between the U.S. and Pakistan sank further . For their part , many Americans were outraged that al Qaeda 's leader had been living for years in a sizable city in central Pakistan . Aware of how unpopular the drone strikes were becoming in Pakistan , some top U.S. Defense and State Department officials behind the scenes were pushing for more selective drone strikes , which the CIA opposed . The White House ordered an evaluation of the drone program during the summer of 2011 . The study found that the CIA was primarily killing low-level militants in its drone strikes . Those results prompted the government to implement new rules in November governing when and how specific drone strikes were authorized . The State Department was given a larger say in the decision-making process . Pakistani leaders were promised advanced notification of some strikes . The CIA pledged to refrain from conducting strikes during visits by Pakistani officials to the United States . But the new rules are unlikely to placate critics inside and outside of Pakistan , who condemn the violation of Pakistan 's sovereignty and the killing of its civilians . At the New America Foundation , we maintain an up-to-date database of every reported drone strike in Pakistan 's tribal regions since 2004 . We monitor reports about the strikes from the top Western and Pakistani news sources , such as The New York Times , Associated Press , CNN , Reuters , Express Tribune , Dawn , Geo TV and others . According to our data , 7 % of the fatalities resulting from drone strikes in 2011 were civilians , up 2 percentage points from our figure in 2010 . Over the life of the CIA drone program in Pakistan from 2004 to 2012 , we found that the civilian casualty rate has been 17 % . Clearly , as the years have progressed , the drone strikes have become more precise and discriminating . There is still considerable debate over how the U.S. government defines a "  militant " and how easily it is able to distinguish between militants and civilians from a drone cruising tens of thousands of feet above the ground . In March 2011 , Maj. Gen. Ghayur Mehmood acknowledged that "  the number of innocent people being killed is relatively low " and that "  most of the targets are hard-core militants , " the first such public acknowledgment by a senior Pakistani military officer . Similarly , President Barack Obama made his first public comments about the covert drone program , when he told participants of a Google + "  hangout " on January 30 this year that the United States only conducts "  very precise precision strikes against al Qaeda and their affiliates , and we 're very careful in terms of how it 's been applied . " Even if it is the case that there are relatively few civilians killed in the strikes , the drone program is quite unpopular in Pakistan . The New America Foundation conducted one of the few public opinion polls in Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas during the summer of 2010 and found that almost 90 % of the respondents in the region where the drone strikes are located oppose U.S. military operations in the region . The wider Pakistani public shares this sentiment , though to a lesser degree . A poll conducted by the Pew Research Center in June 2011 found that about six of every 10 Pakistanis consider the drone campaign to be unnecessary . Despite the fact that the pace of drone strikes slowed considerably from 2010 to 2011 , the number of strikes last year still ranked as the second-highest annual count since the drone program began . And despite its deteriorating relations with Pakistan , the United States killed a number of key al Qaeda leaders with drone strikes in 2011 . Al Qaeda 's top operative in Pakistan and purported conduit between the terrorist group and the Pakistani Taliban , Ilyas Kashmiri , was reported killed in a strike on June 4 . Then , on August 22 , a drone reportedly killed al Qaeda 's top operational planner , Atiyah Abd al-Rahman , dealing another heavy blow to the organization . And in September , a drone strike killed Abu Hafs al-Shihri , the man believed to be responsible for planning al Qaeda 's operations in the region . The continued success of strikes against al Qaeda 's top leaders led Defense Secretary Leon Panetta to declare in July that the United States was "  within reach of strategically defeating al Qaeda . " According to senior U.S. counterterrorism officials , al Qaeda 's leadership bench has been so thinned by the drone campaign that there are only two real leaders of the organization left : bin Laden 's successor as overall leader of the group , Ayman al-Zawahiri , and Abu Yahya al-Libi . This raises an interesting question : Maybe one of the reasons that the drone campaign has eased off in the past several months is that the CIA has begun to run out of real targets ?	Authors : America 's drone war in Pakistan is much diminished They say it 's a victim of a deeply troubled relationship between U.S. , Pakistan U.S. raid on bin Laden and other incidents sparked anger from Pakistanis , they say Drones have killed many al Qaeda leaders , and some targets are low level , they say
CNN  -- Push yourself . Cherish family . Vote . On this Veterans Day , CNN iReporters share the most important lessons they 've learned from vets in their lives . We heard from wives , girlfriends , husbands , children , grandchildren and friends of some of the 21.5 million veterans alive in the U.S. today -- and some who are no longer with us . Visit CNNiReport.com to see all the submissions and share your own . CNN 's Daphne Sashin , Jamescia Thomas and Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this report .	Veterans Day is celebrated November 11 CNN iReport invited readers to send tributes to friends and family members who have served in the U.S. armed forces Loved ones shared lessons learned from their veterans
New York  CNN  -- A New York billboard that focused exclusively on African-American abortion rates was taken down because of concerns for public safety , said Hal Kilshaw , spokesperson for Louisiana-based Lamar Advertising , on Thursday . The billboard was erected by group opposed to abortions . The billboard was attached to a building that houses the restaurant Lupe 's Kitchen . Some of the wait staff , Kilshaw said , were being harassed by patrons who objected to the billboard . In addition , a scheduled protest Friday by people opposed to the billboard prompted public safety concerns , which led to the company 's decision . Kilshaw said the controversy surrounding the billboard did not factor into the company 's decision to take it down . "  We accepted the copy in accordance with our policy , " Kilshaw said . "  We believe in people 's right to advertise , -LSB- we -RSB- thought it -LSB- the copy -RSB- was OK , -LSB- and -RSB- we stand behind that decision , " Kilshaw said . The sign , paid for by the organization Life Always , reads : "  The most dangerous place for an African-American is in the womb . " The billboard , about a half mile from a Planned Parenthood facility in Manhattan 's Soho neighborhood , featured an African-American girl . "  They 're attacking women for choosing abortion while simultaneously destroying family planning , " a spokeswoman Mary Alice Carr of NARAL Pro-Choice America said before the billboard was taken down . "  Their hypocrisy is as large and as obnoxious as this billboard . " But Stephen Broden , a pastor and Life Always board member , told reporters at a news conference on Wednesday that "  it 's hard to celebrate Black History Month " with abortion "  hanging over our community . " "  Abortion is outpacing life in our community " and he said the billboard 's message is meant to be a "  provocative " way to illustrate the problem . African-Americans have high abortion rates compared with other demographic groups , according to Rebecca Wind , a spokeswoman for the Guttmacher Institute , a New York-based research center for sexual and reproductive health . The disparity is in part attributed to a "  lack of adequate services " in many black communities , which "  has resulted in more unintended pregnancies , " Wind said . According to the Life Always website , the move is an attempt "  to raise public awareness of Life issues through advertising and raise truths about Life issues to educate and empower individuals . " The sign was part of a national campaign where more billboards will appear over the next couple of months across the country , Life Always spokeswoman Marissa Gabrysch said . Calls to Life Always and NARAL Pro-Choice America were not returned Thursday evening after news of the billboard 's removal broke . Bill Donahue , Catholic League president , released a statement Thursday in support of the billboard . "  Life Always says it wants to raise public awareness of Planned Parenthood 's war on black people . Good for them , " he said . Critics say the message is misleading . "  The issue is here they are doing a campaign , targeting one group of women and making them feel guilty and shameful about family choices that they are making , " Carr said . "  You ca n't take a woman and lift her out of her experience . " But the Rev. Derek A. McCoy , another Life Always board member , told reporters something needs to be done about abortion in the black community and this is "  calling attention to a dramatic event . " "  This is a truth and tragedy , " he said . Broden said "  The child  in the billboard  was selected for her innocence . "	Billboard on African-American abortion rates was put up over Soho restaurant It read : "  The most dangerous place for an African-American is in the womb " Lamar Advertising said it was taken down for public safety reasons
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The sailboat crew chose an ocean-size ambition . They sought to land in Hawaii from Los Angeles with cruise ship-like speed , in less than five days . What they never expected to encounter was as unimaginable as a sea monster : a massive debris field floating in the middle of the Pacific Ocean . Its origin ? The catastrophic tsunami that obliterated coastal Japan two years ago . "  We experienced ` Fukushima 's Revenge , ' " yacht owner John Sangmeister told CNN by satellite phone hours after his boat sustained significant damage after hitting two telephone poles and other objects . Fukushima is the Japanese city known for a nuclear meltdown in the 2011 tsunami . Despite the setback , Sangmeister and his Tritium Racing crew finished first in the 2,225-nautical-mile race  or 2,560 miles  , but they were thwarted in setting a record , despite a highly orchestrated campaign to do so . The three-hulled sailboat , called a trimaran , was considered a likely contender to set a record because the 73-foot boat is considered among the 10 fastest yachts in the world and was the only one of those 10 competing in the race , according to the team 's spokesman . Exhausted Friday from having received little sleep over five days , the boat 's captain , Ryan Breymaier , told CNN he was largely blaming what 's become a disturbing reality on the high seas : plumes of drifting junk . "  The fact of the modern world is that this stuff is out there , " Breymaier said . "  I sailed around the world , and even then I remember commenting on how much trash and man-made debris was out there . "  We ran into six different pieces of tinder , " Breymaier continued . "  Tree trunks , telephone poles and whatever else caused damage to the underwater surfaces of the boat that keep you going straight and fast . " These impacts hobbled the progress of the vessel Lending Club . The nine sailors aboard improvised repairs to a damaged daggerboard , a vertical board which slides through the central hull and submerges to keep the boat from slanting sideways . "  That immediately started to break apart . There was a big impact on the edge which caused it to split open . We had to stop the boat and figure out how to pull it up through the bearings . It took us a few hours to be able to sail again , " Breymaier said . The crew used small , battery operated tools to fix the centerboard -- which looked like it suffered a very bad shark bite . "  It was just a mess to fix those problems , " Breymaier said . "  We 're talking about 12 hours that we lost to the finishing time because of these issues . " The racing crew set out Saturday to be the first competitors in an annual Transpacific Yacht Race to beat Bruno Peyron 's 1997 record of traveling from Los Angeles to Honolulu on an 86-foot catamaran in five days , nine hours , 18 minutes , and 26 seconds . The Lending Club fell short by more than two hours , posting a time of five days , 11 hours , 52 minutes and 33 seconds . "  I bought this boat to be a challenger for breaking the record , " Sangmeister said . "  We lengthened the floats , installed a new foil system and put together a new sail program . " For two years , he worked to build a team of world-class sailors -- using his connections in the sport during the recruiting . Shortly after dawn Friday , the crew was just beginning to take vacation time in Hawaii , after a night of post-race celebrations . They were undaunted by the menaces afloat in the world 's biggest ocean . "  I can definitely see us coming back to try and beat it again -- it 's a great race , " Breymaier said .	Sailor John Sangmeister spends two years preparing for world record try to Hawaii He recruits the best crew he can find But his 73-foot trimaran strikes drifting telephone poles from Japan 's 2011 tsunami Damage to the central daggerboard thwarts a record , but boat still finishes first
It 's Friday the 13th , and a full moon is in the offing . Those might be dandy reasons to explain why a man drove his soft-top Mercedes coupe into CNN Center in downtown Atlanta early Friday , but police have a better reason : The driver was allegedly high . There were no injuries , Atlanta police spokesman John Chafee said in an e-mail . The driver , Gerlmy Javon Todd , 22 , was traveling near the intersection where CNN 's world headquarters is located "  when he left the roadway and struck the building " at about 4:15 a.m. ET , Chafee said . It 's tough to discern how . There are barricade poles and large , stone planters at the corner of the intersection . Marietta Street , which CNN Center faces , is lined with lightposts and shin-high metal barriers protecting the trees and plants along the sidewalk . Those barriers are unscathed . Even if Todd had driven down the sidewalk from the opposite side of the building , the sidewalk bottlenecks right before CNN Center . It 's about 5 1/2 - feet wide at that point , so it 's difficult to imagine how a car could have traversed it . Pressed on these details , Atlanta police said it had little information , not even the direction in which the car was traveling . "  While I do n't have additional info at the moment I feel it is safe to say that the car was on the road at some point and then left it , " Chafee wrote in a later e-mail . CNN 's corporate security office declined to comment , and CNN 's corporate communications office referred a reporter to Atlanta police , saying it had no information except that the driver traveled down the sidewalk before crashing into the building . Corporate security later said it was working on a statement . Chafee said police noticed the odor of marijuana in the car . Todd had marijuana in his possession and told police he had been smoking while driving , Chafee said . Todd also told police he had been driving all night and had fallen asleep at the wheel . Photographs from local media outlets showed a woman , described as an occupant of the vehicle , collecting boxes and other items , including a duffel bag , several shoeboxes and a flat-screen television , from the cabin and trunk of the moderately damaged car before it was towed away . The Benz has a Florida license plate . A reporter for CNN affiliate WGCL-TV in Atlanta asked the woman to provide details , to which she replied , "  Give me some money , I will , " before insulting the reporter , turning her back to her and saying , "  Get out of my face . " The driver was taken into custody and is charged with driving under the influence "  less safe , " reckless driving and possession of marijuana , Chafee said . A city jail official said Friday morning that Todd was being held at the Grady Memorial Hospital detention facility , though Chafee said in an e-mail both Todd and his passenger declined medical treatment . It was not immediately clear if Todd had retained a lawyer . By early afternoon , the area was cordoned off with yellow tape . A white wall stood in the gap between two revolving doors , where the roughly 10-foot-high , plate-glass window had been situated . Solar storms ! Full moon ! Must be Friday the 13th	Police allege driver was high when he drove into CNN Center in downtown Atlanta Because of poles and other barriers , it 's difficult to see how driver made it into building Gerlmy Javon Todd , 22 , is charged with DUI , marijuana possession , reckless driving
CNN  -- Experts are always looking for creative ways to increase awareness about public health problems . A new idea from the University of Alaska Anchorage has definitely caught some people 's attention . In an effort to combat fetal alcohol syndrome , researchers are planning to install free pregnancy test dispensers in the bathrooms of some bars . Alaska has the highest reported rate of fetal alcohol syndrome in the United States , according to a 2010 report by the state 's Department of Health and Social Services . Health officials estimate that in Alaska , 126 babies born each year are affected by prenatal alcohol use  out of roughly 731,000 people in 2010 , one of the lowest state populations  . However , most states do n't have comprehensive data about their rates , making it difficult to draw national comparisons . Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder is an umbrella term used to describe the range of possible lifelong effects from prenatal alcohol exposure , such as physical , mental , behavioral and/or learning disabilities . Fetal alcohol syndrome and spectrum disorder are often used interchangeably . The university 's two-year , $ 400,000 program begins in December and will be studied closely . Pregnancy test dispensers will be placed in bars that are frequented by women 21 to 44 in six regions of the state . In different bars within the same areas , printed warnings will be posted to provide a control group for the researchers . Both methods will include a toll-free number , website and QR code to complete a short survey about knowledge and prevention of fetal alcohol syndrome . The surveys are site specific , so the university will be able to measure results for each location individually . Staff will also conduct interviews with bar patrons and staff to analyze the use and effectiveness of the dispensers and confirm the survey results . The hope : Pregnant women stop drinking that night The researchers believe offering free pregnancy tests in bar restrooms will encourage women to use them and , if they are pregnant , stop drinking that night . "  This is a rigorous pilot study to evaluate community based intervention , " said David Driscoll , director of the University of Alaska Anchorage 's Institute for Circumpolar Studies . "  It 's only part of a much larger set of initiatives . " Questions have been raised about the effectiveness of the program and whether it 's worth the cost . Will a free pregnancy test really be used at the bar and stop someone from drinking ? Opponents criticized Alaska state Sen. Pete Kelly 's program proposal , saying the money would be better spent on giving away condoms or contraception at bars to prevent unwanted pregnancy . Kelly argued the pregnancy tests will be available to help responsible citizens . "  If you know you 're pregnant , you wo n't drink . That is true for much of the population , " the Republican senator said in an interview with the Anchorage Daily News . "  Birth control is for people who do n't necessarily want to act responsibly . " The paper argued many people using birth control are acting responsibly . Depending on what stage of her pregnancy she 's in and how often a woman drinks , fetal alcohol syndrome can cause , among other things , abnormal facial features , brain damage , hyperactivity , difficulty with judgment and motor skill impairment , according to the Mayo Clinic . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the U.S. Surgeon General all agree that women should avoid alcohol during pregnancy , since no amount has been determined to be safe . Approximately 40,000 babies are born with fetal alcoholism in the United States , according to the CDC . ` Why take the risk ? ' Alcohol is harmful to a fetus or embryo at any time -- even before a woman knows she 's pregnant , said the National Organization on Fetal Alcohol Syndrome . "  We know that alcohol is a neurotoxin , and we know that it crosses the placenta , " said the organization 's president Tom Donaldson . "  Why take the risk ? " Although not involved in the project , Donaldson is eager to monitor the outcome , and based upon the attention this strategy has gotten , he has high hopes for its success . Until now , fetal alcohol syndrome prevention has relied on advisories and labels , which people are n't inclined to look at . But this creative approach , he says , comes without finger-wagging . "  If a woman chooses to drink or not is based on the moment , " he said . "  It 's not a broad admonition . " Study : paying more for alcohol saves lives Jody Allen Crowe , founder of the nonprofit organization Healthy Brains for Children , started a similar pregnancy test program in Minnesota and is a consultant on this project . He manufactures and is providing the dispensers and tests , both which include information about fetal alcohol syndrome prevention . Less than two years after the first dispenser in Minnesota was installed , there are now 10 dispensers located in bars , a youth center and even a convenience story by a community college . Crowe has also moved his project into Canada and is in talks with universities in other states about similar studies . "  We 've experienced success so far , but what we need now is empirical , gold standard research , " Crowe said . The University of Alaska 's study will be able to gather the necessary data to provide tangible results . There 's no numerical data to measure the success of the program , but Crowe said the $ 3 pregnancy tests in Minnesota are being utilized and replenished . The Alaska study hopes to determine how many women taking the tests actually stop drinking during their pregnancy . Alaska falls slightly below the national average for alcohol consumption in women ages 18 to 44 , according the the CDC . The state leads the country in rapes , at almost triple the national average . Alaska also ranks in the top 10 for alcohol abuse , with just over 21 % of adults reporting binge drinking habits . Both of these factors likely contribute to the high rate of fetal alcohol syndrome among Alaska residents , experts believe . While it 's certainly generating a buzz , experts believe that this program has a strong potential for positive results . The university 's study will provide research and quantitative data that could change the face of fetal alcohol syndrome prevention on a national level . Change the list : The rapist next door	In December , the University of Alaska Anchorage will offer free pregnancy tests in bars Alaska has one of the highest rates of fetal alcohol syndrome in the country This state-funded effort will measure the effectiveness of tests
PEOPLE.com  -- And baby makes three ! "  Bones " star Emily Deschanel and her husband , "  It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia " 's David Hornsby , welcomed their first child Wednesday , a baby boy named Henry Hornsby , Deschanel 's rep confirms to PEOPLE exclusively . Deschanel , 34 , and Hornsby were married in 2010 . The actress maintained a vegan diet throughout her pregnancy . The new mom 's "  Bones " co-star TJ Thyne took to Twitter to share the happy news . "  CONGRATULATIONS EMILY D !!!!!!!!!!!!!! " he Tweeted Wednesday . "  Yay yay yay !!! :o " But he 's surely not the only one celebrating Henry 's arrival . In April , shortly after her sister Emily announced her pregnancy , Zooey Deschanel could hardly contain her excitement , Tweeting : "  I am super excited to be an aunt ! " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Emily Deschanel and David Hornsby , welcomed their first child Wednesday It 's a baby boy named Henry Hornsby , Deschanel 's rep confirms The actress maintained a vegan diet throughout her pregnancy
CNN  An internal inquiry by the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office in 2009 concluded that Reserve Deputy Robert Bates was shown special treatment and that training policies were violated regarding his role with the agency . Bates is the volunteer deputy who fatally shot suspect Eric Harris instead of stunning him with a Taser on April 2 . A Harris family lawyer provided documents to CNN from the 2009 inquiry , which also found that supervisors intimidated employees to disregard policies to the benefit of Bates . The Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office has not responded to repeated calls for comment from CNN . An attorney for Bates , Clark O. Brewster , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Friday that he disputed the findings in the report and maintained that his client had the proper training . Bates , 73 , is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of Harris . He pleaded not guilty . Bates was working as a reserve deputy for the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office on April 2 when he was involved the arrest of Harris in a weapons sting operation . Bates has said he meant to stun Harris with a Taser after the suspect fled from officers but mistakenly shot Harris with a gun instead . Bates has said the shooting was accidental . He has apologized to the Harris family , as has Sheriff Stanley Glanz . How easy is it to confuse a gun for a Taser ? The attorney for the Harris family said that Bates was n't qualified to be on the force , but received preferential treatment because he 'd made donations to the agency and was a friend of the sheriff . The Tulsa World newspaper reported some supervisors in the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office were told to forge Bates ' records and were reassigned when they refused . The sheriff 's office denied the allegations in the newspaper 's report . It also declined a CNN interview to respond to the claims . Over the weekend , one of Bates ' attorneys released most of his training documents and said they prove Bates had proper law enforcement training . However , the records were incomplete . Bates ' attorney , Brewster , characterized the 2009 memo as something borne out of jealousy by other officers . The allegations made in the report are the result of misunderstandings and misstatements , he said . The memos obtained by CNN show that a "  special investigation " was launched in July 2009 at the request of then-Undersheriff Brian Edwards . Edwards asked investigators to look at two questions specifically : Was Bates being treated differently than any other reserve deputies , and were any employees pressured by supervisors to aid Bates ? The investigation found that some employees felt pressured to sign off on certificates for training that Bates had not completed . Police caught on camera : The good and the bad On Friday , the Tulsa County district attorney 's office said it had received new information -- likely the 2009 memo -- that "  are worthy of further investigation beyond the scope of the manslaughter case . " The DA 's office is reaching out to independent law enforcement agencies to investigate further . Contrary to claims by the sheriff 's office that Bates had the required training to be in the field , the 2009 memo indicates otherwise . The document names then-Chief Deputy Tim Albin  currently undersheriff  and then-Capt . Tom Huckeby  now a major  as two supervisors who allegedly pressured lower-ranking officers to make exceptions or falsify records for Bates . One deputy reported that he was tasked with providing field training for Bates . The written policy is that a reserve deputy is required to have 480 hours of training , but that Huckeby and Albin pressured the trainer to write that Bates was qualified after only 320 hours . The trainer , fearing reassignment if he did not comply , signed a memo stating that Bates had completed 328 hours of training , and did not elaborate on details of the training . Later , the memo was amended by his superiors to read , in part , that Bates was "  capable of performing the functions of a patrol deputy . " The training deputy said he initialed the changes , even though he did n't think Bates was properly trained . According to the investigation memo , the trainer said that if he was honest , he would have said Bates needed remedial training , and that the reserve deputy was "  not really good at traffic stops or operations . " The internal investigation only turned up 72 hours of documented training . The trainer maintained that he oversaw 328 hours of training , but that the records were sent not to the records office , but instead to Huckeby . Brewster denied the claims made by the trainer , and alleged that trainer lost his job in part because of his conduct during the internal inquiry . Another deputy said that she signed a driving certificate for Bates , even though she believed he had not completed the training . Albin asked the deputy to make the certificate , and she did so without questioning him , according to the investigation . The memo lists other instances where Bates performed operations that he was n't supposed to , given his stature in the department , but that complaints by other officers were dismissed by supervisors . Those who complained about Bates , according to the memo , were told to leave him alone or to make an exception , citing that he did a lot of good for the county and was close with the top leaders in the agency .	Documents show that officers thought Robert Bates got special treatment The reserve deputy has pleaded not guilty to charge of second-degree manslaughter Bates says meant to use his Taser but shot Eric Harris by mistake
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Perhaps he should be called Captain Phoenix ? Captain America will return in a new comic book series July 1 . Its title : "  Captain America Reborn . " Rising from the dead after being killed off over two years ago , Captain America is being resurrected by Marvel Comics . Though the circumstances of his return are being closely shielded , the star-spangled superhero returns July 1 in a five-comic-book series , "  Captain America Reborn . " A big-budget movie in development by Marvel is also expected in 2011 . After close to 60 years in print , Marvel Comics killed off Steve Rogers , aka Captain America , in 2007 , one of its most famous and beloved superheroes , amid a controversial story line . He fought and triumphed over Hitler , Tojo , international Communism and a host of super-villains , but a sniper 's bullet cut Captain America down in 2007 , a move that shocked many of his fans . "  The reaction was amazing , " says Marvel Executive Editor Tom Brevoort . "  It certainly was like the world went crazy for three days . Everybody had a point of view about it , including fans who had n't read the comic for 30 years . " In the comic series , Rogers was to stand trial for defying a superhero registration law passed after a hero 's tragic mistake causes a 9/11-like event . Marvel said the comic story line was intentionally written as an allegory to current real-life issues like the Patriot Act , the war on terror and September 11 . Rogers eventually surrenders to police . He is later mortally wounded as he climbs the courthouse steps . It was a violent and strange end for an American hero and icon . The primary shooter , Crossbones -- working under the orders of Captain America 's longtime nemesis , the Red Skull -- was caught . The identity of a second shooter is revealed in issue 600 , which goes on sale Monday . Many felt Captain America 's death in 2007 was symbolic of the time . And his return now ? "  The tenor of the world now is when we 're at a point where we want to believe in heroes . Someone who can lead the way , " said Brevoort . "  It just feels like the right time . " Captain America first appeared in 1941 , just as the United States entered World War II . He was a symbol of American strength and resolve in fighting the Axis powers . As originally conceived by creators Joe Simon and Jack Kirby , Rogers was born before the Great Depression in a very different America . He disappeared after the war and only reappeared recently in the Marvel timeline . Keeping superheroes dead and buried does not come easy . Even Superman , who was killed off by DC Comics in 1993 , came back to life a year later . And what of Captain America 's sidekick , Bucky Barnes ? After taking up the shield and mission of Captain America for the past year , it 'll be time to relinquish the mantle . Is there room for two sentinels of liberty ? Stay tuned . Glenn Perreia contributed to this report .	Captain America being resurrected ; superhero was killed off over two years ago Recent issues of Marvel comics shed light on plot behind superhero 's death "  It just feels like the right time , " says Marvel Comics editor
CNN  -- The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is asking parents to immediately stop using a series of inflatable floats for babies in swimming pools , announcing a voluntary recall of about 4 million floats Thursday . The Squirtin ' Tootin ' Tugboat is among the floats covered by the recall . The items -- which inflate to seat babies and toddlers as they float on water -- are manufactured by Massachusetts-based Aqua Leisure Industries . The company has voluntarily recalled 14 models because the leg straps in the seat of the float can tear , causing children to slip into the water , posing a drowning risk , the commission said in a statement . There have been 31 reports of float seats tearing , though no injuries have been reported , the commission said . The floats were sold from December 2002 through June 2009 at retailers nationwide , including Target , Toys "  R " Us , Wal-Mart , Dollar General , Kmart , Walgreens , Ace Hardware and Bed , Bath & Beyond . The commission is asking consumers to stop using the floats and to send them back to the company . Aqua Leisure officials could not be immediately reached for comment , but the company 's Web site has posted the commission 's recall advisory . CNN 's Gerri Willis contributed to this report .	Aqua Leisure Industries recalls 14 models Leg straps can tear , allowing children to slip into the water Agency says there have been 31 reports of seats tearing Floats were sold nationwide at many chain retailers
CNN  -- Nancy Grace 's new novel , "  Death on the D-List , " is the sequel to her debut thriller , "  The Eleventh Victim . " The mystery once again features Grace 's heroine , Hailey Dean , along with many other carryover characters . Grace spoke to CNN.com about the novel , her toddler twins Lucy and John , and more . CNN : How did you come up with the title ? Nancy Grace : Well , it 's funny , I was thinking and thinking and could n't come up with a good title , and on "  The Eleventh Victim , " I came up with about 20 titles , all of which I liked a little bit , and I just picked one and it was "  The Eleventh Victim . " "  Death on the D-List , " I had been racking my brain for the right title , and one night it was late , and I was rocking Lucy , who would not go to sleep , and it was completely dark and I was holding her against my shoulder , rocking and humming , and it hit me -- it hit me in the dark , "  Death on the D-List . " That was it ! Read an excerpt from "  Death on the D-List " CNN : Who are some of the main characters from "  The Eleventh Victim " that we 're going to find in "  Death on the D-List " ? Grace : Well of course you 're going to see Hailey Dean , who managed to live through a murder attempt in "  The Eleventh Victim . " She returns to New York , where she gets lured into the TV industry , and murder ensues . You know what ? You 've got to watch out hanging around Hailey Dean -- someone 's going to die ! Also , we see Lt. Ethan Kolker . Kolker is the one who wrongfully pursued Hailey and arrested her for serial murder . And here you see him in an entirely different light . You also learn something disturbing about his past that makes him who he is today . Also , of course , you ca n't have a great book without a drunk photographer , so Frank LaGrange Haddon III is back again with his camera causing all kinds of trouble . Last time , he caught the judge in a toilet stall with a transvestite . Well , this time , he 's back on it ! And actually , Frank LaGrange Haddon III is an homage to my law school study partner , the REAL Frank LaGrange Haddon III , who is now a clerk to the Mississippi Supreme Court . And Mike Walker , who works for The Enquirer , he 's their gossip editor , makes a rather large appearance in this case , under his name -- Mike Walker -- but he is now working for Snoop magazine . Of course , Hailey 's parents , Elizabeth and Matt Dean , are back . CNN : "  Death on the D-List " features a daytime talk show host . Who is he modeled after ? Grace : Harry Dodd is modeled after a character that I saw in a movie called "  For Your Consideration . " He is modeled after the character played by Fred Willard . He 's a 50 - to 60-year-old entertainment reporter who 's desperately trying to convince himself he 's about 28 to 31 years old . He follows every fashion trend . He 's just vapid , but wildly popular . CNN : Is the Hailey Dean character based on you ? Grace : Well , there are some similarities , but Hailey Dean is by far a finer and better person than I could ever be . She 's extremely brave , she 's fast on her feet , she 's a great lawyer , she 's sharp-witted and she 's got a pretty good right punch . CNN : Are any scenes in your book based on events you 've witnessed in your own life ? Grace : Well , a lot of scenes take place in studios . So some parts reflect experiences I 've had in studios across the country . CNN : Why is "  Death on the D-List " a good end-of-summer read ? Grace : Well , I had such a blast writing it that I hope people are going to have the same blast when they read it . I do n't think you can guess who the killer is until the very end , and I 'm going to be very interested to see who can guess who the killer is ahead of time without flipping to the back and spoiling the surprise . It 's a great , fun read . I utilized a lot of what I learned as a prosecutor about crime scenes , autopsies and forensic evidence ... a lot of pop culture . Plus , a lot of what I 've learned from being on the air since the early '90s , all in one ball of wax ! CNN : Can we expect to see more Hailey Dean mysteries in the future ? Grace : Oh yes ! I 've already planned out two more Hailey Dean murder mysteries . CNN : Would you like to see the Hailey Dean mysteries made into feature films ? Grace : Oh gosh , yeah , I think it 'd be a great movie . CNN : How are the twins ? Grace : I 'm on my way home to give them a bath now . And they each have to have their individual bath times . They do not like to share a bath . Very often , I go to the set completely soaking wet . Several people have asked me who I dedicated the book to . And it 's dedicated to Bigness , Gerger and Man-man . Bigness is my husband -- he 's 6-foot-4 , and I 'm 5-foot 1 1/2 -- and I 've called him Bigness ever since I 've known him . Gerger is Lucy , and my little baby Man-man is John David . And if you look in the back , you 'll see that I wrote a specific note thanking  CNN Worldwide President  Jim Walton and  CNN Worldwide Vice President  Ken Jautz , who are NOT the inspiration for any of the characters in this book that I murdered , especially after all the opportunities they 've given me . Nobody that gets murdered or appears in these pages is modeled after them . CNN : Tell us about the charity that will benefit from the book . Watch : Nancy Grace pledges proceeds from book Grace : A portion of the book 's proceeds are going to Wesley Glen Ministries through my Methodist church to support a home for the mentally handicapped that need homes that do n't necessarily have anywhere to go .	Nancy Grace 's new novel , "  Death on the D-List , " goes on sale Tuesday The mystery-thriller features many of the characters from her first novel Grace anchors "  Nancy Grace " nightly at 8 p.m. ET on HLN
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Supermodel Naomi Campbell has been sentenced to 200 hours of community service after pleading guilty to assaulting two police officers following an "  air rage " incident at London 's Heathrow Airport . Naomi Campbell , seen here arriving at court , was convicted of an assault charge in New York in 2007 . According to the British Press Association , the 38-year-old pleaded guilty at Uxbridge magistrates ' court , west London to two counts of assaulting a police officer , one count of disorderly conduct likely to cause harassment , alarm or distress and using threatening , abusive words or behaviour to cabin crew . Prosecutors described how Campbell kicked and spat at police , used foul language and accused airline personnel of racism after she was told that one of her bags had not been placed on the British Airways flight to Los Angeles on 3 April . The London-born model was also ordered to pay $ 400 to each of the police officers she attacked and $ 300 to Miles Sutherland , the captain of the British Airways plane she disrupted , in addition to a $ 4,600 fine . Watch as Naomi Campbell arrives at court " Chairman of the magistrates ' Peter Yiacoumi said he had given Campbell credit for her guilty pleas and previous good character . He said : "  These offences are aggravated because they were committed within a lengthy incident in a confined space on an aircraft . Whilst we accept that the loss of your suitcase would have been stressful your subsequent behaviour can not be justified . " A spokeswoman for British Airways told PA Friday : "  We take all cases of disruptive behaviour extremely seriously and take action where appropriate . "  We have banned people from travelling with us in the past and we reserve the right to ban passengers . " BA would not comment specifically on the Campbell case , but it is understood that the supermodel has been banned by the airline . In 2007 , a New York court handed Campbell a community service sentence and ordered her to attend anger management classes as punishment for hitting her maid on the head with a mobile phone . The London-born model had been arrested a year previously after hurling the phone -- reportedly a jewel-encrusted BlackBerry -- which smacked her housekeeper on the head , leaving her needing four stitches . She pleaded guilty to a charge of reckless assault .	Naomi Campbell could have faced prison for up to six months Supermodel was given "  credit " by the court for her guilty plea Campbell admitted to assault , using threatening and abusive language Witnesses say Campbell was involved in a dispute over her luggage
CNN  -- It 's been a difficult year for the seven time F1 champion , Michael Schumacher . After three years in retirement , Schumacher returned to F1 with the new Mercedes team , but has struggled to make an impact on the race track , finishing this year 's season in a disappointing ninth place . It has led many to wonder why the racing legend has returned to sport . But amid the gossip and allegations , the 41-year-old has defended his decision . He told CNN : "  I enjoy it . I feel I have the right to do what I enjoy . Whether I put in dispute my reputation ... I just feel good about my decision and I have so much support from people . " "  I certainly want to make it a successful return , " he continued . "  I 'm only happy if I 'm back on the winning road with the team . This is what I 'm working for , this is the joy of the passion for Formula 1 . " His decision has been supported by some of the biggest names in F1 . Finnish F1 driver for Team Lotus Heikki Kovalainen told CNN the criticisms towards Schumacher were unfair . "  People had high expectations , people expected him to win . But  Mercedes  did n't have a car to win and second of all , things have changed since he left Formula 1 . " Fellow F1 champion Alain Prost said no-one should judge or criticize a driver of his caliber , saying , "  For me , it is difficult , almost impossible to go back to the title after three years ... But if there 's one driver who 'd be able to do it , I think it 's Michael . " Team principal and co-owner of Mercedes , Ross Brawn , admits the team has had a disappointing year and credits some of that to Schumacher . "  It 's been disappointing , in overall performance , we have n't had the car , Michael 's taken a little time to get up to the performance he 'll be able to deliver . I 've seen patches of that performance ... the last few races of the season was the Michael Schumacher I expected to see . But on a more positive note , Brawn added : "  Now it 's all coming together and I think next year we 're going to have a really exciting time . " Schumacher admits it 's been a sluggish return to the track , but remains positive , saying : "  It 's certainly not as successful as I thought initially and many other people have thought . " "  But then having such a strong group and team behind , Mercedes pushing it so hard , I have no doubt about success in the future . "	Michael Schumacher return to F1 racing this year after three years in retirement Despite high expectations Schumacher finished the season in ninth place Schumacher has won seven F1 world champion titles since his debut in 1991
CNN  -- English Premier League team Liverpool announced on Thursday they have agreed a deal with Newcastle United for left-back Jose Enrique . Enrique , 25 , will now travel to Merseyside to undergo a medical with the Anfield club and discuss personal terms . "  Liverpool FC confirmed today that they had agreed a fee with Newcastle United for the transfer of Jose Enrique , " read a statement on Liverpool 's web site . Spaniard Enrique arrived in England from Villarreal in 2007 , and was part of the Newcastle squad that was relegated from the Premier League in 2009 . The club gained promotion back to the top division the following season . Should the former Valencia defender complete his move to the five-time European champions , he would become their fifth signing of the off-season . Kenny Dalglish 's side have already signed England winger Stewart Downing from Aston Villa , midfield duo Charlie Adam and Jordan Henderson from Blackpool and Sunderland respectively and goalkeeper Alexander Doni . Newcastle also confirmed the deal on their web site : "  Newcastle United can confirm that a fee has been agreed with Liverpool for the transfer of Jose Enrique . "  The player will travel to Liverpool today to discuss personal terms and undergo a medical . " Former Newcastle boss Dalglish also raided his old club in January , when Liverpool swooped for England striker Andy Carroll . Both teams are set to begin their league campaigns this weekend , with Newcastle hosting Arsenal and Liverpool facing Sunderland .	Liverpool have agreed a deal with Newcastle United for defender Jose Enrique The Spanish full-back will now travel to Liverpool for talks and to undergo a medical Enrique would become Liverpool 's fifth signing of this transfer window
London  CNN  -- The days of would-be terrorists needing to travel to far-off camps to make contacts and learn how to build bombs is rapidly receding . Social media forums like Twitter and Facebook provide a ready made Rolodex of sources -- dig further online , mine those contacts further , gain admission to private chat forums and eventually you will find instructions for bomb making . Last month al Qaeda in the Islamic Magreb  AQIM  launched a Twitter account that has already gained more than 5,500 followers , and AQIM 's account is following seven people including the Somali terrorist group Al Shabaab 's official twitter handle and the al Nusra front in Syria , which in turn is following another rebel group in Aleppo . You can see how rapidly the connections start to multiply and how easy it is for a budding terrorist to build up global contacts . Of course , it is impossible to prove any of these accounts are authentic , but many of their followers think they are , which is worrying in itself . The British security service MI5 and its sister spy organizations GCHQ and MI6 all monitor social media , noting who is following whom on sites like Twitter , and providing vital information about alliances being forged between different groups and individuals . But Professor Peter Neumann from King 's College London points out that it 's not without its challenges . "  This is the big problem because Web 2.0 , the social media generates so much ` stuff ' and there are so many people involved in chatting with radicals on the internet and to monitor that would require really huge resources and no intelligence service has completely figured out how to separate the ` chatter ' from the ` real , ' significant stuff , " he said . "  You do n't know , for example , if someone who chats online a lot is very dangerous or whether it 's the opposite -- someone who does n't chat at all and is just listening is actually more dangerous because that person maybe more likely to be operational . There 's a lot of the online environment that we do n't know yet . " Jean Paul Rouiller from the Geneva Centre for the Training and Analysis of Terrorism says social media is vital to modern terrorist organizations . "  They would not have been able survive , they would not be able to recruit people . The human touch always needed , but social media is their shop - window , " he said . Behind the shop-window of Twitter and Facebook accounts are more limited private chat-rooms where terrorist leaders from around the world exchange information and tactics . According to Rouiller , one notorious forum was run by French terrorist suspect Nabil Amdouni until it was closed down by the French , and who was arrested last summer in Toulon . Rouiller claims that documents recovered during the killing of Osama bin Laden in Abbottabad suggest that bin Laden himself may have posted messages on this forum . The dead al Qaeda chief was very careful to stay away from electronic devices himself , but it is thought he wrote down messages on pieces of paper which a trusted lieutenant would then type and save on to a USB stick , finally passing this to someone else to post on the forum . There is also the case of another militant Moezeddin Garsallaoui who , Rouiller says , used to log into a chat forum after drone strikes to show his family in Europe that he had survived . He never posted a message , but his mere presence in the forum left an electronic signature that proved to his wife Malika al Aroud he was still alive . READ MORE : Who really killed bin Laden ? Some experts think there are examples of terrorists who have immersed themselves in this online world of extremism and have "  self radicalized " without ever having met another terrorist in real life . Major Nidal Hasan , who allegedly shot dead 13 people and injured 30 others at Fort Hood in 2009 , is an example cited by analysts like Neumann , as a "  self-radicalizing " terrorist . Authorities say he was in email contact with the Yemen-based preacher Anwar al-Awlaki in the months prior to the shootings , but because of the lack of a wider "  plot " or conspirators , the Department of Defense has categorized the killings not as terrorism , but as workplace violence . READ MORE : Dead cleric inspiring new terrorists Others though , like Rouiller , say that while online material can put an individual onto the wrong track , ultimately there is almost always a terrorist "  mentor " who plays a key role in pushing someone towards violence and that mentoring almost always takes place face-to-face , in somewhere like a mosque , high school or university . The big question in light of the Boston bombings is whether the Tsarnaev brothers , suspected of setting the bombs , were also "  home-grown " , radicalizing solely online , or whether there was in fact a terrorist "  mentor " that capitalized on their discontent and steered them towards violence . And crucially , if they are guilty , did they learn their bomb making skills from the Internet , rather than in a terrorist classroom in Dagestan ? Analysis : The appeal of Islamic radicalism Opinion : Should we still fear al Qaeda	Social media forums can provide sources for would-be terrorists British security services monitor social media sites to track groups and individuals Some experts think terrorists have "  self radicalized " through social media Others believe that ultimately there is almost always a terrorist "  mentor "
CNN  -- As the sun sets over Seattle , Phoenix Jones straps on his bodysuit and pulls a black and yellow mask over his face . He is getting ready to venture into the night , looking for anyone who may be breaking the law . The 25 year old is not a policeman with a quirky dress sense , but one of the most prominent members of the real-life-superhero community , a movement of people who wear costumes inspired by comic book characters , trying to prevent crimes in their area . Jones patrols Seattle 's more troubled neighborhoods five nights a week with his group , the Rain City Superhero Movement . His wider network , The Alliance , has 34 members across the United States , London and Dubai . His decision to become a real-life caped crusader came after his car was broken into , and his young son was hurt by the shattered glass . He said : "  I decided to actively fight crime and threw myself completely into it . After my experience I just felt there was so much apathy around and wanted to do something to make my community safer . " The masked adventurer has been voted Belltown Neighborhood Hero by Seattle Magazine readers ' choice poll , and has been documented as stopping a car from being broken into with his group . An unorthodox superhero Jones , whose day job is teaching autistic children life skills , says he did n't read many comic books when he was young , because he could n't identify with the heroes . "  It never appealed to me , " he said . "  For example Batman , he was this billionaire living in a mansion and I was just a broke kid . " Then , at 14 , he came across a little-known character called Nightwing who worked as a waiter during the day , and fought crime at night , and was hooked . "  I fell in love with this idea , that you do n't need to have a lot of money to go out there and make a difference , " he said . Read more : At 75 , is Superman over the hill ? Jones does n't tackle criminals unprepared . He is a former mixed martial arts fighter , and wears a $ 10,000 bulletproof , Kevlar reinforced , fire-retardant jumpsuit , made with D3L smart fabric which hardens on impact . His superhero activities landed him in trouble in 2011 , when he was arrested for pepper spraying people outside a bar in Seattle . Jones said he was trying to break up a fight , and he was later released without charge . Helping abuse victims The so-called "  Guardian of Seattle " is married to fellow superhero Purple Reign , who uses her hero persona to raise awareness of domestic violence . She said : "  I was in an abusive relationship , and a lot of people around me noticed but said nothing . Now I want to inspire others to be heroes and stop minding their own business when they see abuse , as well as speak up for victims who have not yet found their voice . " In her purple superhero bodysuit and mask , she gives anti-bullying talks at women 's shelters and schools , organizes city clean-ups , and runs a project against domestic violence . Her campaigning earned her the University of Washington Women of Courage honor last November . Purple Reign says her superhero name represents the transformation she underwent from a victim to survivor of domestic abuse . "  Purple is a color which is very often used in domestic abuse awareness campaigns , and reign comes from the fact that I now reign over my own life , " she said . "  Wearing the suit has helped me feel more confident and in control , and move on from my past . I am not a victim any more , I feel powerful . " She uses the skills developed in her day job as an accountant to bring a more organized approach to the Reign City Superhero Movement 's crime fighting . She uses 911 call information released by the Seattle Police department to create crime maps which allow group to target troubled areas of the city . Watch : Where are the superheroines ? Purple Reign also regularly patrols with the group , for which she maintains high levels of physical fitness , a condition her husband says is crucial for anyone who wants to be a real life superhero . Superhero requirements In fact , Jones is adamant that only people of military , police or martial arts background should consider becoming superheroes because their training could help them deal with potentially dangerous situations . In order to be to admitted to The Alliance , the rules are even tougher -- potential heroes must have : a steady job , must not have committed any crimes of dishonesty , be able to run two miles in eight minutes and 30 seconds in full gear , and be able to train with Jones for three days a week during the trial period . Read more : The town where superman lives For aspiring superheroes overseas , The Alliance fundraises over its Facebook page . Funds are used to help newcomers to travel to Seattle for a two-week intensive crash course in superhero crime fighting . In spite of being shot at and stabbed twice , Jones insists that Seattle heroes do n't deliberately try to get involved in trouble . "  Ninety percent of what we do is watching , " he said . "  If we see somewhere is being burgled , we will call the police and track the perpetrator . We do n't intentionally go in to tackle someone , we are just regular people who want to help their community . " When it comes to continuing to fight crime into his old age , Jones is pragmatic . "  I do n't think I will be doing it forever , " he said . "  When I hit 33 or 34 I will either have to stop , or have some amazing gadgetry . " But he insists that it does n't take a supersuit to be an involved citizen . "  What Purple Reign and I are trying to do is promote community activism . Anyone can campaign for a cause , with or without a superhero suit . "	Phoenix Jones and Purple Reign are a husband and wife real life superhero team They give talks at schools against bullying during the day and patrol Seattle streets at night Jones wears a $ 10,000 Kevlar reinforced superhero suit Purple Reign runs an anti domestic abuse campaign which earned her a University of Washington honor
The Mega Millions jackpot is juicy , but thanks to new , longer odds , it 's entirely possible the payout could reach $ 1 billion by Christmas . Nope , that was n't a typo -- "  b " as in "  boy . " When no winner was selected in Friday 's drawing , the jackpot rolled over to $ 550 million , and it jumped again Monday to $ 586 million , with a cash payout of $ 316.5 million , said Tandi Reddick , a spokeswoman for the Georgia Lottery . The total could easily increase again before Tuesday night 's drawing . If you 're wondering how this stacks up against past prizes , it 's the second-largest Mega Millions payout ever after the $ 656 million kitty collected in April 2012 . Here is a look at the top five jackpots in history , according to lottery officials : No. 1 -- In March 2012 , lottery officials announced three winning tickets for the $ 656 million Mega Millions jackpot were sold in Kansas , Illinois and Maryland ; No. 2 -- A Florida woman won the $ 590.5 million Powerball jackpot in May ; No. 3 -- The $ 587.5 million Powerball jackpot was collected in November 2012 by a man in Arizona and a couple in Missouri ; No. 4 -- A $ 448.4 million Powerball jackpot was split by two winners in New Jersey and one in Minnesota in August ; No. 5 -- A single winner in South Carolina won the $ 399.4 million jackpot in September . So , the real question is : What are the chances of winning ? Well , as CNN reported last week , you have a much , much better chance of being killed by an asteroid . And while those are long odds , they 're even longer than they were in early October . That 's because on October 22 , Mega Millions made it more difficult to take home the big prize . The odds , which were 1 in 176 million , are now 1 in 259 million . This is a product of the lottery company increasing the pool of numbers to choose from . Previously , lottery players chose five numbers , ranging from one to 56 . It 's now one to 75 , but the sixth , gold ball has fewer numbers from which to choose , as the pool decreased from 46 to 15 . How many people have won since the new rules went into effect ? Zero . And if that trend continues , lottery players could see their first 10-digit jackpot just in time for the holiday season . If nobody wins Tuesday night , the jackpot for Friday 's drawing will begin at $ 800 million , said Paula Otto with the Virginia Lottery . Why you keep playing the lottery Sudden lottery fortunes not always for the best	Jackpot rises to $ 586 million and could jump again before Tuesday If no winner is selected by Christmas , the pot could reach $ 1 billion Odds got longer in October when the company increased the pool of numbers
Afghanistan factored in Monday 's third and final presidential debate , which covered foreign policy . At one point , President Barack Obama accused Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney of initially being against a withdrawal of forces from Afghanistan in 2014 . The claim : "  In the same way that you initially opposed a timetable in Afghanistan , now you 're for it , although it depends , " Obama said . Fact Check : Romney , Obama and Iraq The facts : As early as last year , Mitt Romney said he agreed with a 2014 withdrawal date . "  The timetable by the end of 2014 is the right timetable for us to be completely withdrawn from Afghanistan , other than a small footprint of support forces , " he said during a November 2011 Republican candidate debate . And during a recent address at a veterans convention , Romney reiterated his support for a 2014 withdrawal . "  As president , my goal in Afghanistan will be to complete a successful transition to Afghan security forces by the end of 2014 , " he said . Fact Check : Comparing costs of Iraq , Libya missions But during that same speech Romney added a caveat , saying he would talk to commanders on the ground to evaluate the conditions in Afghanistan before the withdrawal . "  I will evaluate conditions on the ground and solicit the best advice of our military commanders , " he said . This stipulation of seeking advice from commanders ahead of the withdrawal is where Obama and Romney differ . The Obama administration has repeatedly stated that a 2014 withdrawal is absolute . Most recently , Vice President Joe Biden said many times during his debate with Romney 's running mate , Paul Ryan , "  we are leaving in 2014 . " The Obama administration does however plan to leave 10,000 to 15,000 troops in Afghanistan after 2014 , should the Afghan government agree to it . During and interview with ABC in July , Romney again left the door open to moving back the 2014 deadline if commanders on the ground in Afghanistan told him that they needed U.S. troops to stay longer . Fact Check : Is al Qaeda 's core decimated or growing ? "  I do n't want to go into hypotheticals , but we recognize the circumstances may change on the ground either for the better or for the worse . I do n't think you set hard and fast deadlines without recognizing that there is the potential for conditions to change , " he said . Romney 's criticism has centered on Obama announcing the withdrawal date . "  Announcing a withdrawal date , that was wrong , " Romney said during his announcement of entering the presidential race in June of 2011 . "  The Taliban may not have watches , but they do have calendars . " Conclusion : Mostly false . Romney agrees with a 2014 withdrawal deadline but has added the caveat that he would seek advice from commanders on the ground at that point , leaving the door open to possibly staying longer . What Romney has disagreed with was the announcement of the withdrawal deadline , not the deadline itself . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks	Third presidential debate covers foreign policy Troop withdrawal from Afghanistan a point of disagreement U.S. forces have been in Afghanistan since 2001
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- It 's big , bold and oh so Abu Dhabi -- a city far from unfamiliar with ostentatious developments . Rising up from the turquoise waters of the Persian Gulf , Saadiyat Island is arguably one of the grandest residential and cultural projects in the works anywhere in the world today . The idyllic resort will be home to three major museums , a performing arts center as well as hold space for 150,000 residents when it is completed by 2020 . Construction on the Louvre Abu Dhabi -- named as the Rain of Light by architect Jean Nouvel -- is going on around the clock with the aim of being open by December 2015 . The Guggenheim and the Zayed National Museum will soon follow . See also : Where are the world 's most expensive luxury properties ? For the new residents of Saadiyat , many of whom are from outside the UAE , this ambitious development and its cultural accoutrements is like little they have experienced before . "  It was so nice coming from England where everything has been going backwards to be part of something that was sort of up and coming and forward thinking , " said early resident , Sue Bell . As to be expected , however , living amidst such refined institutions and luxurious facilities does n't come cheap . Saadiyat is being positioned by developers TDIC as a luxury destination for those with deep pockets . A seven bedroom property comes in at a cool $ 7.5 million while the entry point for a villa is about $ 1.25 million . The St Regis villas and apartments , part of a vast hotel complex , are already fully occupied . TDIC says other completed zones are at 90 % capacity with most buyers choosing to take up residence in their new accommodation rather than snapping up the property as an investment and basing themselves elsewhere . See also : Take a look at London 's insane luxury basements "  The thing about the people who buy in Saadiyat , or if you want to call them investors , I can tell you that more than 80 % of the people who bought on Saadiyat are end users , " said Carlos-Antonio Wakim chief development officer at TDIC . To further entice families , TDIC is setting up a full range of educational options including offshoots of the renowned Cranleigh boarding school and a New York University campus . The headmaster at Cranleigh , Brendan Law , believes even though the island is a greenfield project , it squares with the century and a half old history of the English school . "  A motto was created for Cranleigh called ` escuto rubu ' which is Latin for from culture comes strength , " Law said . "  We are standing on the edge of the cultural district here in fact on the gateway of the cultural district . I do n't think a school and a district could be better suited for one another than that . " But while every effort has been made to make new arrivals in the neighborhood welcome , the treatment of construction workers on the project has received unwanted scrutiny . See also : Could micro-homes offer big housing solution Saadiyat remains on the radar of human rights groups who contend there are still sizable gaps in fair in labor practices at the estimated $ 27 billion project . "  We found that due to a sequence of control mechanisms which include recruitment fees , passport confiscation , and a kafala system of sponsorship based employment that workers on the island were being subjected to very serious exploitation , " Nick McGeehan of Human Rights said . TDIC however point to an independent report by Price Waterhouse Coopers which acknowledges some flaws by contractors , but cited progress at the same time . "  Wherever we can improve we will not be late in improving , " said Wakim . "  This is the TDIC 's position . "	Saadiyat Island is a giant residential and cultural resort project in Abu Dhabi The resort will cost an estimated $ 27 billion to construct and will be ready in 2020 The Louvre and Guggenheim are building museums in Saadiyat Educational institutes like Cranleigh boarding school and New York University are also being built
CNN  -- Philip Chism , 14 , pleaded not guilty Wednesday to murder , aggravated rape and robbery charges in connection with the killing of his high school math teacher , Colleen Ritzer . The Massachusetts teenager is accused of killing Ritzer , 24 , on October 22 in the girls ' bathroom of Danvers High School with a box cutter he had taken to school . In Wednesday 's Superior Court hearing , Chism -- wearing khakis , a blue sweater , a white shirt and tie -- was ordered held without bail ; his next court date was set for 2 p.m. on January 30 . During the 11-minute hearing , he sat quietly , his hands cuffed in front of him . According to a police affidavit unsealed last month , a ninth-grade student told investigators that Chism became visibly upset when Ritzer spoke after class on the day of the crime about his home state of Tennessee . When Ritzer noticed that Chism was upset , she changed the subject , said the unidentified student , who described Chism as "  talking to himself . " Denise Regan , Chism 's public defender , has declined to comment . The affidavit includes testimony from witnesses as well as a school video surveillance timeline showing Chism and Ritzer in the same area of the school during the teacher 's final moments . In the video , Ritzer appears to enter a second-floor girls ' restroom -- apparently a faculty restroom was occupied -- and Chism , wearing gloves and red sweatshirt with the hood pulled over his head , appears to enter the restroom about a minute later , according to the affidavit . Shortly after , a female student enters the bathroom and then quickly walks out , according to the court papers . She told investigators she saw the back of a person who appeared to be changing clothes ; the person 's rear was exposed , with clothes piled on the floor . The video shows Chism leaving the restroom , returning later with a recycling barrel , and again leaving the restroom pulling the barrel -- this time with a black mask on his forehead , the court papers say . He pulls the barrel outside the building and toward the student parking lot . Investigators said the video shows what appear to be blood stains near the bathroom and on Chism 's pants . After Chism was reported missing by his mother on the evening of October 22 , police had his cellular phone company "  ping " the location of his phone . The phone was found to be in the vicinity of the Hollywood Hits Theater , where investigators learned the teen had purchased a movie ticket and then left . The affidavit said that , when Chism was spotted by a police officer the next day , he was carrying a knife ; a search of his backpack turned up a bloodstained box cutter . Asked where the blood came from , Chism allegedly responded : "  The girl . " He was also allegedly carrying credit cards and driver 's licenses belonging to Ritzer , as well as a pair of woman 's underwear . The armed robbery indictment alleges that Chism robbed Ritzer of credit cards , an iPhone and her underwear . Police discovered Ritzer 's body in a wooded area near the school , covered with leaves and debris in an apparent attempt to conceal it , the court papers said . Her throat was slit . Court papers detail horrifying final moments of teacher 's life The green recycling bin seen in the surveillance video was found 20 yards from the body . Clothing and other belongings were scattered near the body , along with the blood-soaked gloves Chism appeared to have been wearing in the video . The handwritten "  I hate you all " note was folded near her body , according to the documents . Investigators used the affidavit to secure a warrant to search Chism 's home . Chism 's mother , Diana , told investigators that she had recently moved to Massachusetts from Tennessee amid a "  stressful divorce " from the teen 's father . Friends , relatives bewildered by arrest of ` storybook kid ' in teacher slaying Documents filed 12 years ago in a Tennessee court shed light on a troubled relationship . The court papers showed that Chism 's father agreed during a separation from his mother to have restricted time with his son , who was then 2 , because of "  prior physical and emotional abuse as well as alcohol abuse . " Chism 's uncle , Terrence Chism Blaine , told CNN that the boy 's parents are separated and that the father -- a former military man -- lives in Florida . On the aggravated rape and armed robbery indictments , Chism was charged as a youthful offender , but prosecutors said they would move to join those charges with the murder case in Superior Court . Dressed in pink , hundreds mourn Colleen Ritzer	The Massachusetts teenager is charged with murder in the death of his algebra teacher He is ordered held without bail A handwritten note saying , "  I hate you all , " was found near the teacher 's body
Grosseto , Italy  CNN  -- Described by one lawyer Monday as looking "  like he walked straight out of a GQ magazine , " the ex-captain of a shipwrecked cruise liner faced about a dozen of the survivors he 's accused of abandoning . It was the first time Francesco Schettino , 52 , had faced survivors since the luxury ship Costa Concordia ran aground in January , killing at least 32 people . Schettino , 52 , wore a black suit and tie at the preliminary hearing , which was held inside a theater in the Tuscan town of Grosseto . Accompanied by lawyers and technical consultants working on his behalf , the embattled former captain arrived 20 minutes early . "  He looked like he walked straight out of a GQ magazine , " said John Arthur Eaves , an American lawyer who is representing 150 of the passengers . Schettino faces allegations of manslaughter , causing a shipwreck , abandoning ship , failing to report an accident to the coast guard and destroying a natural habitat . The ship , carrying 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members , turned on its side after striking rocks off the Italian island of Giglio on January 13 . According to passengers ' accounts , chaos ensued on the night of the shipwreck , as guests rushed to fill lifeboats and escape . Some crew members helped passengers and then jumped overboard , passengers said ; remaining crew members seemed helpless to handle the melee . Related story : Port Authority to captain : ` Get on board damn it ! ' Like all preliminary hearings in Italian courts , Monday 's hearing was closed to the news media . But eventually , reports about the hearing made their way out of the theater . One survivor approached Schettino at the hearing , saying he hoped the "  truth would come out soon . " The captain shook the man 's hand and replied , "  Yes , the truth must be ascertained , " Italian media reported . During the hearing , Schettino was seated on the theater stage with eight other defendants under investigation in the case , including his second in command , Ciro Ambrosio , officer Salvatore Ursino and Roberto Ferrarini , the head of the Costa Cruises fleet . Also in attendance were about 12 former passengers , some of whom contributed to the theatrical theme outside the hall , known as Teatro Moderno . Passengers turned the area around the theater into a stage for impromptu news conferences for an international group of about 150 journalists . Several German passengers said German newspapers had flown them to Grosseto . Dozens of police patrolled the area . Schettino 's lawyer , Paolo Bastianini , told CNN his client had received death threats . The case centers on several questions , including why it allegedly took Schettino more than an hour to issue an order to abandon ship and why he allegedly left the vessel before all passengers had abandoned it . Related story : Luxury cruise turns into nightmare Retired Capt. Fredrik J. van Wijnen , a friend of Schettino 's and a representative of the Confederation of European Shipmasters ' Associations , told reporters that Schettino felt terrible for the loss of life . Though the captain made a mistake by coming too close to Giglio , his maneuvers after the accident saved thousands of lives , van Wijnen told CNN . Schettino , who was released from house arrest in July , was fired last week by the Costa Crociere parent company , Italy 's official ANSA news agency reported . He has said that he was wrongfully fired and that his actions prevented additional deaths . During the hearing , which is expected to last up to 10 days , a judge is expected to determine what evidence is admissible for an eventual trial , including the on-board ship data recorder . An attorney for Schettino raised objections about an expert and asked that the inquiry be extended while he was brought in from Jakarta , but the request was denied . Efforts to secure the wreckage are expected to be completed within 10 days , ANSA reported . The next phase will involve putting floating platforms inside the half-sunken ship . Salvagers plan to remove the wreckage by summer , it said . Journalist Barbie Nadeau reported from Grosseto ; CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome ; CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer for passengers compares ex-captain 's suit to fashion magazine attire Francesco Schettino is accused of manslaughter , abandoning ship , causing shipwreck A judge will decide what 's admissible at a trial ; three others being investigated are in court Schettino was captain of the Costa Concordia when it ran aground in January , killing 32
CNN  -- Every year the brains behind your favorite reality TV shows flock to Santa Monica , California , to talk shop and honor the best in nonfiction TV . This year 's Realscreen West : The Factual Entertainment Forum took place recently over two days ; reality TV darling Kim Kardashian was awarded the Hall of Fame Personality of the Year award , while producer Thom Beers , producer of the Ã 1/4 ber hit "  Deadliest Catch , " was inducted into the Hall of Fame and took home three trophies -- most original concept , best docu-reality programming and the 2012 Award of Excellence . At the forum , CNN 's KJ Matthews chatted up two of the most successful reality TV producers : SallyAnn Salsano , owner of 495 Productions , better known as the creator of the MTV super-hit "  Jersey Shore , " and Brent Montgomery , owner of Leftfield Pictures , also known as the entity behind the successful History Channel show "  Pawn Stars . " The two talked about everything reality TV-related -- from the shows they wish they had produced to the ongoing struggle to find people for their shows to why they get annoyed at all the people who think creating a reality show is easy . They also touched on how long "  Jersey Shore " might continue , and their thoughts on CNN 's decision to partner with celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain . CNN : Recently I 've noticed that networks which had no reality TV shows are now getting into the reality game . What do you think about that ? Brent Montgomery : I love it because that means there are more people for us to sell to . CNN : Is it becoming more difficult to cast or find people in reality TV shows . Some failed actors are using the route of reality TV to get their name out . Montgomery : That 's why you do n't cast in L.A. I did "  Blind Date " in New York and L.A. , and every "  Blind Date " contestant in L.A. was like , "  Here 's my head shots and um , when do I get my $ 100 and what are the chances of me , you know , when do film directors get to see this and do you guys get a lot of calls ? " I said never . ... SallyAnn Salsano :  Steven  Spielberg is not watching "  Blind Date . " I mean maybe but not to find talent . I mean he may be watching it . I do n't know . But certainly not to cast his next film . CNN : Have you both gotten better at pitching reality shows to networks since you 've had a successful track record with some of your shows ? Montgomery : I think so . Because I think you get better at anything you do over the course of time . I think I 'm better at knowing the steps that it 's gon na take to  make a show with  subsequent seasons and how you 'll have to have a show that will have room to grow . Salsano : No one wants a "  one and done . " Not a producer and not a network , because in the end of season one , everyone spends so much time behind the scenes in our offices and at the network level trying to crack it . ... But in the end , you put so much into it that if you can get to season two , then you are off to the races . You know what works and you know what did n't work and then you can move forward . CNN : People watch reality TV , and some people think that some of it is crap , and  it  has led many to believe that anybody can create a reality show . Montgomery : This p * sses me off more than anything because people think because they watch TV they can make TV , and that may sound kind of simplistic , but people may actually think that these shows are very simple . I watch "  Jersey Shore , " and I know that for every minute of on-camera drama there is probably an hour or two or more of off-camera drama . My show people say all the time , "  Wow , it 's just such a simple show . " We work hard to make them look simple ! Salsano : Here is my least favorite  expletive  thing . ... You are in the process of deciding if you want to work with someone , and you show up with your camera , and they say you should have been here yesterday it was so funny . OK , well I 'm here today , and if I 'm shooting a show ; I 'm not going to schedule good TV . You 're telling me you 're so great that you should have your own TV show , then go  show me what you 've got  ! CNN : Sally , can you ever envision the "  Jersey Shore "  still shooting even in a nursing home  ? Salsano : The thing about "  Jersey Shore " is that there is a guido born every day . ... So for me it 's an endless supply . CNN : Which show do both of you wish you had created ? Montgomery : I like "  1000 Ways to Die " ! Salsano : I 'm so crazy because I love , like "  Storage Wars , " but I  expletive  love "  Toddlers & Tiaras " so much it hurts . I literally like ,  expletive  love it . It 's just like crack . I literally ca n't get enough of that show . Montgomery : Can I change mine ? It 's "  An Idiot Abroad . " I love that show ! CNN : As you both know , CNN recently hired Anthony Bourdain . What do you guys think about that ? Salsano : I think it 's a great fit . Montgomery : I think it 's a great fit , too . I think when you are a network doing something new , why not go after a big name ? I 'm sure the cross over between your viewers and his show is a high-income viewer . Salsano : I think it 's going to be fine . And I actually would like to see the new twist on it . Like I do watch "  No Reservations " like crazy and I  DVR  it , and I 'm into it , but now I 'm excited to see what happens on another network .	Heads of production companies behind "  Jersey Shore " and "  Pawn Stars " talk reality TV SallyAnn Salsano and Brent Montgomery touch on how they pitch series and their favorites The two say they work hard to make reality TV look easy
Atlanta  CNN  As Bobbi Kristina Brown remains hospitalized , her father 's attorney said "  we are currently investigating the events that led to  her  hospitalization . " Attorney Christopher Brown also said Tuesday that the 21-year-old daughter of singers Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown "  is not and has never been married to Nick Gordon , " contrary to some reports . Bobbi Kristina Brown was found facedown in a bathtub over the weekend . Her family has been tight-lipped about her condition , but her R&B singer father issued a statement through his lawyer Tuesday night . "  We continue to request privacy in this matter . Please allow for our family to deal with this matter and give Bobbi Kristina the love and support she needs at this time , " Bobby Brown said in the statement . After she was discovered unresponsive in her home in the Atlanta suburb of Roswell , Brown was rushed to a hospital , where doctors placed her in a medically induced coma . As of late Monday , she remained on a ventilator in the intensive care unit , a source close to the family said . On Tuesday , she was moved to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital , sources close to the family said . The status of her brain function wo n't be known until sedatives are reduced , the source told CNN . "  Bobbi Kristina is fighting for her life and is surrounded by immediate family . As her father already stated , we are asking you to honor our request for privacy during this difficult time , " the Houston family said , thanking her supporters . The source close to the family told CNN that Brown 's eyes opened and closed a few times Monday , but that doctors told family members not to read too much into that movement . Doctors were trying to reduce the sedatives to check Brown 's brain function but decided to keep her in the coma for now , the source said . The source added that Brown had seizures Monday . It was not immediately clear what medical significance these reported events have in Brown 's case . Bobbi Kristina , in her own words She "  was not breathing " when Nick Gordon and a friend , who 's been identified as Maxwell Lomas , found her Saturday morning inside her townhouse in the Atlanta suburb . They called 911 and performed CPR until emergency crews arrived and took over , police spokeswoman Lisa Holland said . The spokeswoman said when Brown was found , she was "  unresponsive , meaning not breathing , no heartbeat . " In scanner traffic , emergency services could be heard describing an "  ECHO-level response " -- urgent and life-threatening -- with "  possible cardiac arrest . " "  Twenty-one-year-old female in the bathtub , facedown . PD 's  police department 's  en route . " On Monday , a source close to the family told CNN that Brown was in "  really bad shape . " Everyone is "  hoping for the best , preparing for the worst " and "  praying for a miracle , " the source said . Nobody knows what caused Brown 's unresponsiveness , Holland said , but police consider it a medical incident at this time . She said investigators had found nothing to indicate it was drug - or alcohol-related . The incident report referenced a drowning . Police had been to Brown 's residence recently . Somebody reported a fight there on January 23 , but nobody answered the door and officers found no evidence of an altercation , Holland said . Almost three years ago , Whitney Houston was found dead in a bathtub at the Beverly Hilton hotel near Los Angeles , hours before she was to attend a pre-Grammy Awards party . A coroner ruled her February 11 , 2012 , death an accidental drowning , with heart disease and cocaine use listed as contributing factors . Brown is her only child . "  She encourages me and inspires me , " Houston once said of her daughter . "  When I look at her eyes and I see myself , I go , ` OK . I can do this . I can do this . ' " Brown was born in 1993 during Houston 's marriage to R&B singer Bobby Brown , which ended in divorce in 2007 . The daughter of music royalty became a public figure during the mid-2000s reality show "  Being Bobby Brown , " in which she frequently appeared alongside her parents and often had a front-row seat to their marital fireworks . Mother and daughter performed together on national TV in 2009 , when the two sang "  My Love Is Your Love " in Central Park on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " Given the pair 's close relationship , it 's no surprise that Houston 's death was a major blow . Days after her mother 's body was found , a grieving Bobbi Kristina -- then 18 -- was taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center because she was "  overwhelmed , " family friend Kim Burrell said . "  She loves hard , " Burrell said then of Bobbi Kristina . "  She 's going to be OK , and we 're going to see to it . " After Houston 's death , Bobbi Kristina talked of pursuing a career in acting and music , just like her mother . In 2012 , she reportedly lobbied for a role in a planned biopic of her mother 's life . Lifetime 's "  Whitney , " which was directed by actress Angela Bassett , debuted in January 2015 , but the Houston family was not involved . Brown did make her acting debut in 2012 on Tyler Perry 's show "  For Better or Worse . " Her performance in the small role won praise from Perry . "  She did a fantastic job , " he said at the time . "  And that kid has such a future . She 's such an actor . " Even before her mother 's death , videos of Brown singing surfaced on YouTube and were quickly criticized by fans who felt her talent did not live up to Houston 's . Concerns that she may have substance abuse issues , as her mother did , intensified in July 2014 after a picture was posted on her Instagram account showing a young woman who looked like Brown appearing to be smoking from a bong . The image had previously made the media rounds two years prior . The caption read : "  This picture may be inappropriate but I want to make a connection with you all . Do n't worry this picture is n't recent just hear me out . Do you know what I feel ? I feel strange I ca n't feel any pain anymore . I do n't take any drugs as of recently . Things just happened . But then there is some situation that force me to do things and the impact I 'll feel pain . I did and I do . I was hurt . " Brown later denied that she posted the photo and tweeted that it was done by someone attempting to tarnish her image . Brown appeared on episodes of Lifetime 's brief reality show "  The Houstons : On Our Own , " which followed her life after Houston 's death . One of the show 's story lines revolved around Brown 's relationship with Nick Gordon , who had lived with Houston and her daughter since he was 12 years old . Brown reportedly got engaged to Gordon , and in January 2014 , she tweeted out a picture of wedding rings along with the words , #HappilyMarried • SO #Inlove . " However , Bobby Brown attorney Christopher Brown said Bobbi Kristina was never married to Gordon . "  Houston  made me promise several times to look after Krissy ... and , Mom , I will never , ever , ever break that promise , " Gordon told the entertainment show "  Extra " afterward , saying Houston "  just treated me like she gave birth to me . " It was unclear whether Gordon and Lomas came into the home Saturday morning to find Brown in the bathtub or if they had been in another part of the house overnight , said Holland , the police spokeswoman . The whereabouts of another man who was in the house when Brown was found , Maxwell Lomas , are also unclear . But in response to several media outlets reporting Lomas ' lengthy rap sheet , attorney Philip Holloway issued a statement Tuesday saying his client is a cooperative witness and Lomas ' most recent arrest in January has nothing to do with Brown 's hospitalization . Holloway also told CNN Wednesday that his client was the one who actually found Brown and called 911 . Holloway 's comments came after he met with Roswell police for two hours ; his client was not at the meeting , he said . On January 15 , Lomas was booked on charges of possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , possession of alprazolam  aka Xanax , an anti-anxiety drug  and possession of a firearm or knife during the commission of or the attempt to commit a felony , according to Fulton County Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Tracy Flanagan . CNN has also learned from Fulton and Dawson county authorities that Lomas was arrested at least three times in 2011 and 2012 and charged with a host of crimes , including battery and alcohol , weapons , drug and probation violations . Holloway did not mention the previous arrests in his statement . "  Mr. Lomas ' widely reported recent arrest is completely unrelated to the incidents that occurred at Ms. Brown 's residence and there is absolutely no relationship between the events . He has pleaded not guilty to those charges , " it said . "  Mr. Lomas has not been accused of anything in connection with Bobbi Kristina Brown 's injuries . " Police obtained a search warrant to look through Brown 's house , but that 's standard procedure , Holland said . Concern for Brown came from many in the entertainment world . Music director Michael Bearden sent along "  healing energy to the daughter of a late great friend . " Songwriter Diane Warren tweeted , "  I hope Bobbi Kristina gets the help she needs . " "  Poor thing , " Warren wrote . "  Almost 3 yrs to the day her mom passed and the same thing almost happened to her . " CNN 's Carolyn Sung , Lisa Respers France , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Sunny Hostin , Nischelle Turner and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Bobby Brown 's lawyer says he 's investigating "  events that led to the hospitalization " He also says Bobbi Kristina Brown was never married to Nick Gordon
CNN  -- Move over hotels ; vacation rentals are the place to be for summer value . A two-bedroom rental property often costs less than a hotel room , while allowing guests some familiar comforts of home , such as a living room and full-size kitchen . TripAdvisor 's vacation rental TripIndex rates the value of renting a home during the summer at 15 popular U.S. vacation destinations . The best value on the list is a scorcher : Palm Springs , California . If you can endure the desert heat -- 105 degrees is average for summer -- you 'll find cool prices . For $ 1,250 on average , a family of four can stay for a week in a vacation rental , pay for basic groceries , one dinner at a restaurant and a one-day bike rental . Be sure to book a place with a pool . The index looks at the average cost of this package at 15 destinations using more than 4,000 rental listings on TripAdvisor . Of the 15 locations , Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts , comes in last at $ 3,600 . However , the second most expensive spot of La Jolla , California , prices out at $ 1,000 less . The San Diego weather , beautiful beaches and family friendly activities offer a great West Coast beach experience . With California destinations on both ends of the list , four spots in Florida and a handful of other states , families looking for vacation rentals have plenty of choices this summer . Click through the gallery above to see TripAdvisor 's ranking of 15 top spots .	TripAdvisor looks at the cost of vacation rentals in 15 popular spots Palm Springs and Orlando are the two most affordable spots of the 15 Martha 's Vineyard is on the high end of the index
Editor 's note : This post was created for your reading pleasure as a collaborative effort between the editorial staffs of BuzzFeed and CNN . BuzzFeed/CNN  -- Hillary Clinton inadvertently won over the Internet when a photo of her coolly typing away at her Blackberry with sunglasses on  inside a plane , no less  went viral . Now , she has taken social media matters into her own hands with her first official tweet on Monday . Clinton even gave a savvy nod to Stacy Lambe and Adam Smith , creators of the popular Tumblr page "  Texts From Hillary , " in her first tweet . But it was n't just the two of them freaking out about the former first lady and secretary of state 's Twitter debut . Here are some of our favorite responses to Clinton 's long-anticipated entry to the popular microblogging platform . If you are reading this on mobile or an outdated browser , you wo n't be able to see this story in all its glory . Click here instead . .	Hillary Clinton sent out her first Twitter missive on Monday Clinton nodded to the "  Texts from Hillary " meme in her inaugural tweet Clinton teased 2016 presidential run speculators with "  TBD " in her bio Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter
CNN  -- When a new president strolls into the White House , there 's a kick in his step and a twinkle in his eyes . This photo illustration projects what President-elect Barack Obama may look like in four years . But as the years go by , the high-stakes decisions , constant criticisms and the fluctuating public opinion chip away at the president . His shoulders slump a little and his energy may seem sapped . The president ages twice as fast while in office , according to a theory advanced by Dr. Michael Roizen , a chief wellness officer at the Cleveland Clinic . "  The typical person who lives one year ages one year , " he said . "  The typical president ages two years for every year they are in office . " Using public information , Roizen looked through medical records of previous presidents back to Theodore Roosevelt . Assessing factors such as diet , blood pressure , physical activity and lifestyle habits , he calculated that the leader of the free world ages more quickly . Roizen , who is the author of "  RealAge : Are You as Young as You Can Be ? " has not assessed the "  real age " of President-elect Barack Obama , who is 47 , because of lack of medical data . "  Barack Obama is a fairly young guy and does n't have great of a risk , " Roizen said . "  If he 's president for eight years , he ends up having the risk of disability or dying , like someone who is 16 years older . " Former president Bill Clinton entered the office with a robust head of salt-and-pepper hair and a healthy habit of running . After bitter partisan battles , the Monica Lewinsky scandal , and impeachment by the House , Clinton left office with wrinkles and powder-white hair . "  Chronic stress can produce lots of wear and tear on the body , " said James A. McCubbin , a Clemson University professor of psychology and senior associate dean of the College of Business and Behavioral Science . "  This is what we see in the changes in the appearance in the beginning and end of the presidency . " Roizen points to the experience of Ronald Reagan . "  When Reagan came into office , he stood up absolutely straight . He was joking and incredibly quick-witted about current events . When he left office , he was hunched over . The age signs on face was there . His jokes were those of olden days rather than current events , " he said . See the toll of the presidency " On Wednesday , Obama , President George W. Bush , and all three living former presidents -- Jimmy Carter , George Herbert Walker Bush , and Clinton -- are meeting in the Oval Office and then having lunch together at the White House . After eight draining years in the Oval Office , an outgoing president like George W. Bush can reverse the tolls of stress by exercising and spending time with friends , Roizen says . "  Do as many healthy things as you can adopt , " Roizen suggested . "  The main thing he should do is finding what he wants to do with the rest of his life , which is tough for presidents to find something meaningful to do . " During his second term , Bush dealt with a troubled war , a struggling economy , and sagging approval ratings . But the avid runner , mountain biker and fisherman showed that his reflexes have n't slowed . "  I mean , did you see him dodge that shoe ? " said David Zinczenko , editor-in-chief of Men 's Health magazine , referring to a December news conference in Iraq where an Iraqi journalist threw his shoes at the president and Bush swiftly ducked the flying footwear . Twice . The incoming president is also no slacker . Although accused by California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger of having skinny legs , Obama regularly frequents the gym and plays basketball . The president-elect was on the cover of Men 's Health in November . "  This is not a broccoli-shunning , pork rind-eating , McDonald 's - popping guy . I mean , this is someone who eats arugula and guacamole and Hawaiian pizza , " Zinczenko told CNN . Watch a report on presidential aging " "  If the worst that happens is that your hair goes a little gray , so be it . " Many recent presidents have turned to sports to decompress . Presidents have enjoyed mountain biking  George W. Bush  , golf  Clinton , Gerald Ford , Dwight D. Eisenhower  , tennis  Ford , Carter , George H.W. Bush  , jogging  Clinton , Carter and both Bushes  , swimming  Ford  , bowling  Richard Nixon  , horseshoes  George H.W. Bush  and horseback riding  Reagan  . Check out projected aging of other political leaders "  The daily routine of a president is really grueling , " Ron Nessen , Ford 's press secretary , told CNN . "  It 's hard to get thinking time . Ford talked about how when he was swimming laps , it gave him time to think about things . " During the Democratic primaries , Obama worked out at the gym in the Cleveland Clinic the morning of his debate with then-rival Hilary Clinton . Living up to his nickname "  No Drama Obama , " the candidate was remarkably calm , considering a high-stakes debate was to take place that night , Roizen recalled . "  Maybe he will age better , because he handles stress better , " he said . "  The fact that he smokes means he still has inner stress . " Retaining a close group of friends and confidants is an important way to reduce the isolation of the presidency , Roizen said . CNN 's Alina Cho and David S. Martin contributed to this report .	Presidents age twice as fast , says a theory by expert on aging at Cleveland Clinic Analysis determined by looking at medical records of previous presidents Tolls of stress can be reversed with healthy habits , says Dr. Michael Roizen Roizen : Obama has good fitness habits of exercising , but smoking does n't help
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- A militant group operating in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria said Monday that it had destroyed several major oil pipelines in response to a military offensive . File image shows Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta fighters . The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta  MEND  said it had "  put out of operation " a Chevron storage facility by destroying several pipelines that fed into it . "  This will henceforth become our standard mode of operation , " the group said in a statement . The U.S.-based Chevron Corporation could not be immediately reached for an assessment of the damage . Nigeria 's military has been clearing the western Niger Delta region in a major operation against MEND . The armed militant group demands that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be reinvested in the region instead of enriching those whom they consider corrupt politicians . The group declared war against the government in September for what it said were unprovoked attacks . At that time , MEND destroyed several oil facilities , forcing Nigeria to cut its oil exports by as many as 1 million barrels of oil per day , or 40 percent . The recent violence -- which has included attacks on pipelines and hostage-taking -- has limited shipment of crude oil supplies out of Nigeria , Africa 's largest producer . "  We will continue our cat-and-mouse tactics with them  the military  until oil export ceases completely , " the MEND statement said .	Militant group operating in oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria destroys oil pipelines Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta has declared "  all-out war " Nigeria 's military has been trying to clear the western Niger Delta
Hong Kong  CNN  -- If were born in the year of the Rooster , here 's something to crow about : You are in for a "  ss-super " 2013 . Likewise , it 's going to be a strong year if you 're a Dog or an Ox . Too bad , however , if you 're a Snake . On Sunday we say farewell to the Dragon and welcome the Year of the Snake . For the occasion , the Hong Kong brokerage CLSA has brought out its annual Feng Shui Index . Now in its 19th year , the index is a guide to your investment decisions -- specifically how the benchmark Hong Kong Hang Seng Index will perform -- over the next 12 months , based on the ancient Chinese art  or science , if you prefer  of feng shui . If you are wondering what that entails , this report consults the experts on bazi  fortune charts  , wu-xing  five-element theory  and xuan kong  flying stars  . CLSA itself describes the report as a light-hearted exercise . But before anyone dismisses this as a mere marketing ploy or mystical mumbo-jumbo , take a look at last year 's forecast . It is a pretty close match to how the Hang Seng actually performed . The brokerage has a team of about six people plus feng shui masters -- they wo n't say who they are -- working on the report for several months leading up to the publication . What do the geomancers say ? First the good news . It will be a good year for the Hang Seng , particularly in the first half and March is flagged as a standout month . It 's interesting that March is also the month that the U.S. Congress has to deal with the debt-ceiling . After June the ride gets much rougher and more volatile . A trading opportunity perhaps ? The CLSA index also looks at health , relationships and work for the year to come . If you were born in the year of the Rooster , Dog or Ox  Cow  , it is going to be a great year , says the report . If you are a Pig , Goat  Sheep  , Tiger or Snake , it 's best to fast forward to 2014 . Interestingly , those with the same birth sign as the year sign invariably have bad years . There 's something else to keep in mind . The Snake sheds its skin , which in the Chinese horoscope signals new ideas or developments , both good and bad . The Depression year of 1929 was a Snake year , as was 1989  Tiananmen Square  and 2001  the 9/11 attacks  . In fact the past five Snake years have not been very encouraging , says the report . But this time around it will be different because all five elements -- earth , metal , wood , water and fire -- are present . In the first half of the year , fire is strong and fire drives markets higher , according to the report . In the second half , the fire influence wanes and water starts rising , a bad sign for the markets . The good news is that the year ends with the index higher than the start of the year . The bad news is , if you are actually born a Snake , the year will be , in CLSA 's own words , a bit of a "  hisser . "	Hong Kong group CLSA has released its Feng Shui Index for 2013 It is going to be a great year for people born in the Year of the Rooster , Dogs or Ox  Cow If you are a Pig , Goat  Sheep  , Tiger or Snake , it 's best to fast forward to 2014 The past five years of the Snake have been marked by inauspicious events
CNN  -- The number of Syrian refugees could double -- if not triple -- by the end of the year if the crisis continues without change , a U.N. official said Sunday . Since the civil war began two years ago , more than 1 million have fled the country . Read more : The plight of Syria 's refugees The number of refugees recorded has gone from 3,000 on average each day in December to 8,000 daily in February , Antonio Guterres , the U.N. high commissioner for refugees , said Sunday in Ankara , Turkey . State of Syria : Exodus reaches 1 million ; seesaw battles rage on "  Now if this escalation goes on -- and nothing happens to solve the problem -- we might have in the end of the year a much larger number of refugees , two or three times ... the present level . " In December , the U.N. 's Regional Response Plan for Syrian Refugees estimated that 1.1 million displaced Syrians would move to surrounding countries by the end of June . The group now predicts that figure will be exceeded this month . Most flee to surrounding countries , such as Lebanon , Jordan , Turkey , Iraq and Egypt , but they are increasingly going to North Africa and Europe , according to the U.N. . The influx of Syrian refugees strains the nearby countries , Guterres said . Jordan 's energy , health and education services are struggling to accommodate them , and Turkey has put $ 600 million into its 17 refugee camps , according to the UNCHR . Not all displaced Syrians register as refugees because of fear of repercussions when they return to their home country , or because they do n't want to accept aid because of pride . Read more : Refugee figures fail to give true picture of Syria crisis Members of Jordan 's army told CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh that they were doing what they could to help the Syrians , but they were overwhelmed . Rebel fighters who had led their families to a camp in Jordan talked to Walsh . They said they were going back to fight in Daraa , Syria . One boy said there were men in the cities , but most families were fleeing . "  You can now count the people left on your fingers , " he said . "  Syria is emptying . " See more : Syrian refugees increasingly unwelcome in Jordan The unrest in Syria began in March 2011 , when the government of President Bashar al-Assad began a brutal crackdown on demonstrators calling for greater political freedoms . The protest movement eventually devolved into an armed conflict , one that has devastated cities and towns around the country .	More than 1 million people have fled Syria since civil war began , the U.N. says 8,000 people left each day last month , U.N. official says Surrounding countries are feeling the strain due to the influx of refugees
Sen. Ted Cruz apologized Tuesday to Republican senators for disrupting their schedules last weekend when he unexpectedly forced the chamber to be in session after Senate leaders had agreed to send everyone home . "  It was a sincere effort to apologize to those he may have put out , " said Sen. Dean Heller , R-Nevada , about the apology , which was delivered behind closed doors at the weekly Republican policy lunch in the Capitol . The controversial move by Cruz -- what amounted to a procedural sneak attack -- caught his leaders and colleagues off guard . Many were angry because they had already left town for family and holiday events and had to come back for a lengthy Saturday session . "  I think it 's always appropriate to apologize for unnecessarily causing other people a distress or concern or requiring a change of plan that was completely unexpected , " Sen. Dan Coats , R-Indiana , said . The schedule change also helped Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid move about two dozen nominations , some controversial , who otherwise might not have been confirmed before the end of the session . Cruz did not apologize for assisting the Democrats push through these nominees , senators said . "  I am pleased the Sen. Cruz apologized , " said Sen Susan Collins , R-Maine . "  I believe it was warranted and I give him credit for doing so . I hope that he will learn from this experience . " Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , had flown home to take her daughter to The Nutcracker before getting word she would need to return . "  I appreciate his apology but they 're getting a number of nominations , " they otherwise would n't have , Ayotte said , still sounding frustrated . "  All he has to do is keep us informed about what his tactics are and what he 's going to try to achieve and to what lengths he 'll go , " Heller said . "  I do n't blame him for what he did . He had a position he wanted to take . I respect that . Just let us know . " A spokeswoman for Cruz did not respond to requests for comment .	Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz apologized to colleagues on Tuesday for making them come back to work over the weekend Cruz 's surprise tactics frustrated many Senate Republicans
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Fight police misconduct with a cell phone , the NAACP says . The century-old civil rights organization has launched an online reporting system that lets users upload cell phone images of alleged police abuses . The Rapid Report System also lets users send text messages and e-mails about alleged misconduct . "  We know that most of police officers around the nation are excellent public servants . But the few who violate people 's rights are often not held accountable , " said Benjamin Jealous , president and CEO of the NAACP . "  Research has shown that there are many barriers to reporting incidents of police misconduct , including intimidation at police departments and a lack of trust in the integrity of the system , among other reasons . This breakdown leads to an absence of public safety and a deterioration of the quality of life in many communities of color . " The NAACP unveiled the online system Monday at its national convention in New York City . Users can post images from their cell phones or online . Cell phone footage has repeatedly helped spotlight alleged police misconduct in recent years . The fatal shooting of an unarmed man in Oakland , California , on New Year 's Day made headlines and spread across the Internet partly because of cell phone video . The killing sparked large protests in Oakland and led to a murder charge against the transit officer .	NAACP unveils new program to allow people to report alleged police misconduct Texts , e-mails can also be sent to document alleged police misdeeds Unarmed California man 's shooting captured on phone garnered national attention
Los Angeles  CNN  America 's Skid Row sits in downtown Los Angeles . This pocket of 2,000 men and women constitutes the nation 's biggest concentration of homeless people living and sleeping on public sidewalks , in scattered camps under tarps . Not surprisingly , sanitary conditions are appalling . This quarter of despair is now at the center of national attention for another reason : This week , Los Angeles police and a homeless man in a tent engaged in a confrontation , ending with officers fatally shooting the man known only as "  Africa , " an apparent reference to his home continent . It was all captured on video by bystanders . Police allege "  Africa " tried to reach for an officer 's gun , prompting the police gunfire against him . "  Skid Row is a 54-block area that has the largest homeless number of individuals in the country , " said Jerry Jones , executive director of the National Coalition for the Homeless . He 's based in New York City . "  New York City has the largest homeless population , but Los Angeles has the highest unsheltered population in the country , which has led to the destitution you see today , " he added . New York City 's unique right-to-shelter mandate ensures "  temporary emergency shelter to every man , woman , and child who is eligible for services , every night , " the city 's website says . But not in Los Angeles , where two-thirds of the county 's 40,000 homeless people are unsheltered , Jones said . So many live on the streets of downtown Los Angeles -- and elsewhere . In some American minds , Los Angeles may conjure up images of a great American city cursed with an abandoned urban core . That 's an old memory . Today , downtown Los Angeles enjoys a renaissance , right down to the new hotels and mall surrounding the Staples Center , where professional basketball and hockey are played , often to championships . But not on Skid Row .  That 's its official designation . Even Google maps label it so . There are few champion moments here . The only exception may be the everyday heroes who labor in 107 charities and agencies feeding and comforting the lost souls bivouacked on the street . The triple-digit number of social service agencies , however , is often cited as one reason that Los Angeles endures as the nation 's Skid Row capital : There 's a $ 54-million-a-year charitable infrastructure anchored to the poverty district . Nobody seems to be going anywhere . That does n't deter Ryan Navales , manager of government and public affairs for the Midnight Mission , which strives to lift people out of poverty . His work and those of his peers is like that of Sisyphus to the rock , the mythic figure whose endless labor was to push a rock to the top of a mountain and then have to do it all over again after the rock rolled downhill . "  Skid Row has become less transient , " Navales said . "  The history of skid row goes back to a transient neighborhood associated with the railroad . The true definition of transient is short term . Now it 's long term . It 's become a neighborhood . " The century-old Midnight Mission now serves 3,000 meals daily to the homeless , Navales said . Navales cites a shortage of affordable housing as a reason for how "  there 's no place for people to go . " He asserts his agencies and others offers hope to those who feel hopeless . Navales knows from personal experience . He once worked for Microsoft as a network administrator in the 1990s , but he lost it all , including his family . Drug addiction obliterated his life . "  After destroying my family , in and out of jail , in and out of treatment , I was living on the streets and doing what people have to do on the streets to support a really gnarly heroin habit , " Navales said . "  In August of 2011 , I was brought to the Midnight Mission homeless , " he added . "  I had a backpack on . " He now wears a suit , on Skid Row 's front line , trying to relieve and unravel the nation 's Gordian knot of poverty . CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	Skid Row in L.A. is a 54-block area home to the nation 's largest concentration of homeless people New York City has the biggest homeless population , but L.A. has biggest number of unsheltered homeless The homeless in downtown Los Angeles ' Skid Row live on sidewalks under tarps and tents
CNN  -- Sri Lanka have booked their place in the semifinals of the Cricket World Cup with an emphatic 10-wicket win over England in Colombo . Openers Tillakaratne Dilshan and Upul Tharanga both made centuries as they overcame England 's total of 229 for six with more than 10 overs to spare . Earlier , England won the toss and elected to bat and got off to a steady start as Ian Bell joined captain Andrew Strauss at the top of the order . But both were out in quick succession . Strauss bowled by Dilshan for five with the score on 29 , while Bell fell two runs later for 25 , caught by Thilan Samaraweera off the bowling of Angelo Mathews . Jonathan Trott and Ravi Bopara put on 64 for the third wicket , but by the time Bopara was trapped lbw by Muttiah Muralitharan for 31 in the 27th over England had only made 95 runs . Eoin Morgan hurried things along a little scoring a brisk half century , but when he fell with the score on 186 any momentum that had been gained quickly dissipated . Trott battled on until the penultimate over of the innings scoring 86 from 115 balls before becoming Muralitharan 's second victim . New Zealand shock South Africa Matt Prior tried to swing the willow at the death but could only muster one boundary in the final over -- England only scored 12 fours in the entire innings -- to give England a score of 229 , and an outside chance of victory . But any hopes they might have harbored were quickly snuffed out as Sri Lanka took total control of the match . None of England 's six bowlers ever really troubled Dilshan or Tharanga and the game progressed to a predictable and rather anti-climactic conclusion . Afterwards , England captain , Andrew Strauss conceded his team 's total was always going to be difficult to defend . "  I think we were 30 light and at the end it felt like 50 light . I thought if we took early wickets we 'd be in with a chance but fair play to Sri Lanka , the opening batsmen were outstanding , " Strauss said . Sri Lanka 's victory sets up a meeting with New Zealand next Tuesday for a place in the final which takes place in Mumbai on April 2 .	Both openers score centuries as Sri Lanka beat England in the cricket World Cup quarterfinal Tillakaratne Dilshan and Upul Tharanga pass England 's total of 229 with 10 overs to spare Victory sets up meeting with New Zealand in Tuesday 's semifinal
Former President Bill Clinton commanded the largest speaking fees of his career in 2011 , earning $ 13.4 million and exceeding his previous record by 25 % . Clinton 's fees were detailed in Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's annual financial disclosure report , released Monday . A CNN analysis of those records shows that the former commander-in-chief has earned $ 89 million from paid speeches since leaving the White House in January 2001 . While it is not unusual for former presidents to command millions of dollars in speaking fees after leaving office , Clinton is the only one subjected to strict disclosure requirements as a result of his wife 's position as a high-ranking federal official , first as a U.S. senator and now as secretary of state . "  The work he does around the world has given him a very unique perspective . Not just a former president 's perspective , but also the very unique perspective from his philanthropic work , " said Norman Stowe , a communications executive in Vancouver , British Columbia , who organized an economic conference with both Clinton and George W. Bush last October . "  He 's really a gifted speaker . He speaks in a language that everyone can understand . " Clinton delivered 54 paid speeches in 2011 , roughly the same as his 2010 workload , but the marked increase in income can be credited to six overseas events that earned him the largest single paydays of his career . The most lucrative was a November speech in Hong Kong to Swedish-based telecom giant Ericsson -- $ 750,000 . Clinton also earned $ 700,000 for a March speech to a local newspaper publishing company in Lagos , Nigeria , and $ 550,000 for a November speech to a business forum in Shanghai , China . He earned $ 500,000 apiece for three events in Austria and Holland in May and in the United Arab Emirates in December . Prior to 2011 , the most Clinton had earned from a single event was $ 525,000 for a 2008 speech in Edmonton , Alberta . The former president 's previous record for speech income earned in one year was in 2010 , when he earned $ 10.7 million for 52 events . His speech earnings last year were nearly double the $ 7.5 million he earned in 2009 . Almost half of the former president 's speech income last year , $ 6.1 million , came from 16 speeches delivered in 11 other countries , ranging from Canada to Saudi Arabia . The remainder was earned in 38 domestic speeches delivered in nine states and the District of Columbia . In 11 years as a private citizen , Clinton has delivered 471 paid speeches and earned an average of $ 189,000 per event . He has visited 27 states , as well as the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico . His popularity on the international lecture circuit has taken him to 52 countries , where he has earned roughly $ 51 million . Last month , Hillary Clinton traveled to her 100th country as the nation 's top diplomat , which likely makes the Clintons among the most well-traveled couples in the nation . The former president 's most popular destination outside of the United States has been Canada , where he has participated in 58 paid events for a total of $ 9.9 million , followed by the United Kingdom , where he earned $ 3.2 million for 16 events , and Australia and Mexico , where he delivered 13 speeches apiece for $ 2.3 million and $ 2.8 million , respectively . Clinton also has delivered 11 speeches each in China and Germany for $ 3.0 million and $ 2.5 million , respectively . Within the United States , Clinton has spoken at 66 paid events in New York , 41 in California , 28 in Florida and 18 in Las Vegas . Clinton 's annual earnings from speeches have varied from year to year depending on his schedule and availability . He gave only six paid speeches for $ 875,000 in 2004 , when he spent much of the year writing his memoirs and recovering from heart bypass surgery . His $ 13.4 million haul from 2011 more than doubles the $ 5.7 million he earned in 2008 , when he spent half the year campaigning for his wife 's unsuccessful presidential bid . That year , Hillary Clinton loaned her presidential campaign a total of $ 13.2 million out of the couple 's personal funds . The Clintons ended up eating the cost of that loan because the campaign was unable to repay the amount by the deadline required by federal campaign finance laws . However , since Hillary Clinton suspended her presidential campaign on June 7 , 2008 , her husband has earned $ 36.3 million in speaking fees for 162 events , canceling out the impact of the loan by almost three-fold . Clinton was an elected official on a fixed government salary for all but two years from 1977 , when he took office as the Arkansas attorney general , until leaving the White House in January 2001 . "  I never had any money until I got out of the White House , you know , but I 've done reasonably well since then , " said Clinton of his earning power at a 2010 forum in Cape Town , South Africa . When President Barack Obama first nominated then-Sen . Hillary Clinton to his cabinet in December 2008 , the former president agreed to a number of steps to guard against possible conflicts of interest that might arise from his various post-presidential activities . In particular , he has agreed to allow State Department and White House ethics officials to review his slate of proposed speaking engagements . The Center for Public Integrity , a public interest watchdog group , estimated in a report last year that former President George W. Bush had delivered almost 140 paid speeches for at least $ 15 million in his first two-and-a-half years since leaving the White House . At the time , a spokesman for Bush 's office declined to comment on the accuracy of that report . Clinton 's and Bush 's offices did not respond to a request for comment on this article .	Former President Clinton earned $ 13.4 million in speaking fees in 2011 Clinton has earned $ 89 million for speeches since he left the White House in 2001 Largest sum in 2011 was $ 750,000 for telecom giant Ericsson in Hong Kong Clinton is subject to disclosure requirements because wife , Hillary , is secretary of state
CNN  -- "  I do n't consider criminal background checks to be gun control . " Republican U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey made this profound statement earlier this week while announcing a bipartisan Senate agreement to expand background checks to almost all gun purchasers . Toomey is absolutely correct . Background checks are not about gun control , they 're about human safety . Having checks will make it more difficult for criminals and the insane to obtain guns . Yet , despite polls showing that over 90 % of Americans support universal background checks , it took a "  breakthrough " deal to get this proposal simply to a vote by the U.S. Senate . What 's worse , there 's no guarantee this legislation will pass the Republican-controlled House . Congress ' exasperating struggle to enact a law supported by most Americans is topic No. 1 of this week 's episode of the CNN podcast , "  The Big Three , " co-hosted by CNN Opinion contributors Margaret Hoover , John Avlon and myself . Each week we look at three big issues from the week . The second big issue is the death of Great Britain 's former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher . Is the fawning over her justified or did her failings outweigh her accomplishments ? And third , is the new song by country singer Brad Paisley and rapper LL Cool J , titled , "  The Accidental Racist , " racially insensitive , or in today 's hypersensitive climate is it simply impossible to discuss race without causing an outcry ? To listen to this episode of "  The Big Three , " click on the Soundcloud audio player on this page . Or you can find us on iTunes . Here 's a brief summary of this week 's episode : 1 . Gun safety laws John Avlon discussed the cowardice of the Republican senators who threatened a filibuster to prevent a vote on the proposed universal background check law , a point he also raised in his most recent column . Margaret Hoover -- a reasonable voice on the right  almost an oxymoron  -- agreed that Republican senators like Ted Cruz could cause the entire GOP to appear as extremists if they prevented a vote on this proposal via filibuster . I made the case that we need to stop calling these measures "  gun control " laws and instead label them as "  human safety " laws because the focus is on saving lives , not grabbing guns . I also raised the point : Is the second amendment out of date ? It was enacted when we had 13 states , a population of 4 million and muskets . Should we consider revising or repealing the second amendment to bring it up to date with today 's world so that owning guns is a privilege rather than a right ? 2 . Death of Margaret Thatcher Margaret Hoover , a big Thatcher fan , shared the thrill of meeting the former prime minister years ago . I refused to speak ill of the recently deceased Thatcher . So instead , I read excerpts from a recent op-ed penned by British comedian Russell Brand  we all know comedians tend to write the best opinion pieces  . Brand was highly critical of Thatcher 's reign . John and Margaret both defended Thatcher from Brand 's allegations that she was an uncaring person who favored the wealthy at the expense of the working class . 3 . ` The Accidental Racist ' Paisley and LL Cool J recorded a song in the hopes of easing racial tension and fostering more understanding . Instead , their song was met by almost universal criticism . Some said the lyrics are culturally insensitive , others said it 's just bad . All three of us agreed that some of the lyrics were ridiculous , such as LL Cool J 's line : "  If you do n't judge my gold chains/I 'll forget the iron chains . " Was LL really saying that if a White man does n't judge his choice of flashy jewelry , then Black Americans should forget slavery ? But the bigger point we discussed is that it 's almost impossible to talk about race in America without being attacked by people on both the far left and far right . I also tell a joke about "  White people " that I had performed last month on a TV show that generated an avalanche of angry tweets and e-mails . Just shows , we 've gone a long way to go . We hope you will give a listen to this episode of "  The Big Three " -- and let us know what you think about the issues we discussed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	CNN Opinion podcast features "  Big Three " issues , three commentators Dean Obeidallah : Get rid of the label "  gun control " laws ; they are really "  human safety " laws Margaret Hoover defended Margaret Thatcher from views that she favored the rich John Avlon : It 's almost impossible to talk about race in America without being attacked
CNN  -- Syria was plunged Wednesday into a nationwide blackout , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . A "  terrorist attack on the gas feeder line for a power plant " in southern Damascus led to "  power outages in all provinces " and efforts were under way to restore it , Electricity Minister Imad Khamis told SANA . Syrian activists were posting video to social media accounts showing what they described as a gas line fire near the Damascus airport . The video showed unidentified buildings in the dark , with a fire burning on higher ground behind the structures . And the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that a large explosion rocked Damascus late Wednesday . The blast targeted a government checkpoint and injured soldiers there , the London-based activist group said . In London on Wednesday , at a meeting of the "  Friends of Syria , " the head of Syria 's main opposition umbrella group laid out a list of conditions for participation in a conference to be held by the end of the year in Geneva with the goal of ending the bloodshed that has wracked the country since March 2011 . Ahmad al-Jabra , leader of the Syrian National Coalition , said they include : -- releasing prisoners ; -- lifting the siege from affected areas and allowing the entry of aid ; -- stopping the use in civilian areas of ballistic missiles , cluster bombs and fighters jets ; -- the departure from Syria of Hezbollah and Iranian Revolutionary Guard forces ; -- the renewal without conditions of ex-pats ' Syrian passports ; -- a commitment from President Bashar al-Assad to implement the provisions reached in the first such conference , dubbed Geneva 1 ; -- a declaration by al-Assad to accept a transition of power to an interim government body with executive powers , written in the constitution ; -- an agreement by all sides that the transitional government is the sole source of legitimate law in the country ; -- an agreement that the U.N. Security Council will guarantee any agreement under Chapter VII of its charter , which would allow military action ; -- a timetable for the transition ; -- stipulation that those responsible for war crimes against humanity be removed from power and held accountable . British Foreign Minister William Hague told reporters Wednesday that al-Assad should play no political role in Syria . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said at least 33 people were killed Wednesday across Syria . State-run SANA said at least 10 people were killed in "  terrorist " attacks in Damascus and Aleppo . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report	NEW : A large explosion rocked Damascus,Syria-focused human rights group says State-run news agency cites a "  terrorist " attack on a power plant in southern Damascus Activists post video of fire In London , the main opposition umbrella group lists conditions for a planned conference
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A third person was charged with murder Tuesday in the California death of a deployed Marine 's wife , the San Diego County prosecutor 's office said . Dorothy Grace Marie Maraglino , 36 , pleaded not guilty in court Tuesday , said Steve Walker , a spokesman for the district attorney 's office . Brittany Killgore , 22 , the wife of Lance Cpl. Cory Killgore , was last seen alive April 13 , and authorities found her body on April 17 in a rural part of Riverside County . A San Diego County judge set Maraglino 's bail at $ 3 million on Tuesday and scheduled a May 22 hearing on readiness and a preliminary hearing for May 30 , Walker said . If convicted , Maraglino faces 25 years to life in prison , Walker said . Also charged with murder in Killgore 's death is Marine Staff Sgt. Luis Ray Perez , 45 , with whom Killgore was last seen alive , when she left her apartment wearing an evening dress on a date with Perez , who is based at Camp Pendleton in San Diego County , police said . The remaining defendant is Jessica Lynn Lopez , 25 , also charged with murder . She was found at a Ramada motel near the San Diego airport last month after paramedics responded to a call for medical help . Lopez was briefly hospitalized with lacerations , and her relationship to Killgore has n't been made clear by authorities . Perez and Lopez have also pleaded not guilty . Brittany Killgore had recently filed for divorce from her husband , who was serving with an artillery unit in Afghanistan 's Helmand Province , investigators said . Cory Killgore was granted an emergency leave to return to the United States when he learned about his wife last month . "  My wife , Brittany , was beautiful beyond words and her murder has left me devastated . My duty to her memory is now to ensure her good reputation remains intact , and help law enforcement and prosecutors secure justice for the person or persons who took her away from me , " Cory Killgore said in April .	Dorothy Grace Marie Maraglino , 36 , pleads not guilty to murder A California judge sets her bail at $ 3 million Brittany Killgore , 22 , the wife of Lance Cpl. Cory Killgore , was killed last month Another Marine and another woman have pleaded not guilty in Killgore 's death
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a best-selling author whose new book is "  Late Edition : A Love Story . " Bob Greene says ordinary life stops when Muhammad Ali appears anywhere . CNN  -- It was still early enough in the evening that the main dinner crowd had not yet started to show up ; the restaurant , east of Michigan Avenue in Chicago , was less than half-filled . The party of 10 at the table by the front window had arrived promptly for their 6 p.m. reservation . Nine of the 10 studied their menus , but the 10th , the man at the head of the table , did not . Muhammad Ali , 67 , stared down toward the white tablecloth and drew on a piece of paper . He sketched a picture of a mountain . There are a handful of men among us who , simply by appearing out of nowhere , make other men and women pause involuntarily to consider the long paths of their own lives . It is as if these men have always been with us , and if you should unexpectedly spot Bob Dylan in an airport , if you should see Paul McCartney walking through a hotel lobby , if you should encounter Sean Connery entering an office building , it will bring you up short . It 's like opening a diary , even if you have never met them , even if you have never seen them except on a television set or a movie screen . Yet Ali is different even from them . Ali -- his story so complicated , his health failing , his imprint on the world so indelible -- makes people mist up the moment they lay eyes on him . It was happening tonight inside this restaurant called the Rosebud Steakhouse ; diners at their own tables , not quite sure for a second that they were really seeing what they were seeing , let their gazes linger and could not look away . Ali drew . The other men and women at his table -- this was a gathering of family and friends to celebrate a birthday , and Ali had come into Chicago from his farm in Michigan -- talked animatedly and laughed . Ali did not speak . He wore a blue-and-white Hawaiian-style shirt ; someone had tucked a white napkin into the space above the top button . Over the speaker system of the restaurant , a slowed-down acoustic knockoff of the old Tom Petty hit "  Free Fallin ' " was playing softly : "  She 's a good girl , crazy ` bout Elvis ... " A family , across the way , talked spiritedly among themselves . They were deciding something . The father and the children stood up . From the ceiling , the song : " ... and I 'm free , free fallin ' ... " They walked over to Ali 's table . "  We apologize for the intrusion , " the father said . Ali looked toward them , showing a gentle expression . The father had a camera . He said to his children : "  This is the most famous face in the world . " It is difficult to know what the children made of this . Youth and strength and beauty are so fleeting . The man in the Hawaiian shirt once embodied all of those things , before these children were born . Three times the world heavyweight boxing champion , the center of global fascination and frenzied controversy after winning his first title and then changing his name from Cassius Clay , endlessly mesmerizing with his float-like-a-butterfly , sting-like-a-bee ring style , called "  the greatest of all time " so often that the words became almost an official designation , the sight of his flawless face and the sound of his confident-beyond-all-dispute voice a sustaining part of the very atmosphere . ... But his road has turned hard , and here were these children , who were not around for any of that , standing with their father next to the table . Ali 's family members and friends said it would be all right for the father to take some photos , so he did . When he left , Ali went back to his drawing . More diners were beginning to arrive at the restaurant . Their evenings changed the moment they caught sight of him . Some pulled out cell phones to call people across the nation ; others quietly debated whether to approach him . Many years ago , I traveled the country with him to prepare a magazine profile for a special issue on the 50 men and women judged to have had the greatest impact on society during their time on Earth . Everywhere Ali went , he was mobbed ; people grabbed at him , people cried out , people attempted to touch his face . In the middle of all this one day , he said to me , almost in a whisper : "  This is the whole world . This is what my whole life is like . " That has n't changed , although his ability to speak aloud about it has . The food began to arrive at his table . The people to his right and to his left helped him with his . He demonstrated not the least sliver of self-consciousness ; this is part of his life now , and he knows how much he is loved . He handed something to a man named Cleve Walker , who has been his friend for 50 years . It was a drawing that a young girl had brought over to him earlier . She had made a picture of a butterfly and had presented it to him . Now Ali gave it to Walker , who took it across the restaurant to where the child was sitting with her family . Ali had signed his name to it . Walker handed it to the little girl . Her face lit up . Outside the restaurant , on Walton Street , a group of young men walked by , wearing officially licensed jerseys bearing the names and uniform numbers of their favorite current-day sports stars . One of the young men glanced through the windowpane but did not register that the man at whom he was looking was Ali . Ali studied the tablecloth , and a birthday cake arrived , and the others at the table began to sing in the direction of one woman among them : "  Happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you ... " Ali did not sing nor did he look up . But then the others reached the penultimate line of the song : "  Happy birthday , dear Marilyn ... " And with that Ali lifted his head and gazed directly at her , right into her eyes , and smiled the most luminous smile toward her . " ... happy birthday to you . " Soon they rose to depart . Some in the restaurant , now more crowded , applauded . Ali did not react . And then he was out on the street and in a moment out of sight . Around the next corner , although they did not yet know it , people would soon be stopping in their tracks . He may be the only one who remembers his life when it was any other way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Muhammad Ali 's extraordinary life brings him instant attention Greene : Ali embodied youth , strength and beauty in his remarkable career He says Ali drew attention of everyone in a Chicago restaurant
Santiago , Chile  CNN  -- Chile 's Communist Party said it wants authorities to exhume poet Pablo Neruda 's body as part of an investigation into his 1973 death . "  There is no other way to resolve this terrible doubt , " lawyer Eduardo Contreras told Chile 's Radio Bio-Bio in an interview quoted in a statement on the party 's website . The Nobel Prize-winning poet 's death certificate says he died of prostate cancer , but Neruda 's former chauffeur alleges that he was killed by an injection in the clinic where he was undergoing treatment , the Communist Party said . Neruda died on September 23 , 1973 , just 12 days after a right-wing military coup that overthrew the South American country 's government . Chilean Judge Mario Carroza ordered an investigation into Neruda 's death in June , noting that police , witness and medical records would be examined , Chile 's judicial authority said . The judge has not said whether Neruda 's body will be exhumed . A biography of the poet on the website of the Neruda Foundation , which Neruda 's widow founded to promote and preserve his legacy , notes the coup as a significant date in his life . "  The majority of Neruda 's friends were made prisoners or had to hide or seek political asylum in other countries , " it says . But the foundation 's leader told Radio Bio-Bio this week that the organization opposed the exhumation because they did not believe there was a "  third party " involved in Neruda 's death . "  We are against an exhumation of his cadaver because it would seem to us a true act of desecration , " Juan Agustin Figueroa said . Neruda , a member of Chile 's Communist Party , was also a lawmaker in the South American country and served as its ambassador to France . But internationally , he is most well known for his poetry . Neruda received the Nobel Prize in Literature 1971 "  for a poetry that with the action of an elemental force brings alive a continent 's destiny and dreams . " As part of a massive investigation of 726 reported human rights violations during Gen. Augusto Pinochet 's rule , authorities exhumed former Chilean President Salvador Allende earlier this year . Official accounts ruled the leftist leader 's death a suicide , saying that he shot himself -- with a gun that was reportedly a gift from Fidel Castro -- as Pinochet 's troops closed in on the presidential palace . In July , Chile 's Legal Medical Service confirmed that suicide was the cause of Allende 's death . CNN Chile contributed to this report .	"  There is no other way to resolve this terrible doubt , " a lawyer says An investigation into the poet 's 1973 death began in June Neruda 's former chauffeur alleges that the poet was killed by an injection His death certificate says he died of prostate cancer
CNN  -- Over the past couple of weeks , I have been asking random people who identify as Republicans if they trust Mitt Romney , and each of them gave me an answer like this -- "  I trust him more than I trust Obama . " It 's just a long winded way of saying "  no . " They said they did want to see his taxes . They said they have reservations about a major tax plan lacking specifics . Some said they saw the video of him describing himself as a pro-abortion rights moderate ; others knew that in the hardcover version of his book "  No Apology , " he expressed pride in Romneycare and believed that "  we can accomplish the same thing for everyone in the country . " They know he flip flops . Misspeaks . Lies . And yet , their dislike of President Barack Obama is so strong that they 're willing to overlook that whole character thing and swallow the bitter pill that is Romney . How can they do that , you say ? Well for starters , Obama is n't exactly a rock of Gibraltar himself . Politifact 's "  Obameter " has been keeping track of the more than 500 promises the president made during the 2008 campaign and found thus far he 's kept 37 % of them . He 's broken 16 % , compromised on 14 % and is still working on another 22 % . So even though Romney smells , Obama 's not exactly lilacs . He promised to address gun control . He has n't . He promised to close Gitmo . It 's still open . Obama was for gay marriage , then he was against it , and now he 's for it again . If you believe his evolution was n't about politics , then you probably believe Jimmy Carter was robbed in 1980 . This is why some Republicans are willing to vote for a guy they may not trust : He 's viewed as the lesser of two evils . But pointing out the evils in the other party does nothing to address the evils in their own . Here 's the thing : The question of trusting Mitt Romney has nothing to do with Barack Obama . It 's about Romney . Voters might not like to think about that too much , but they need to look beyond campaign sleight of hand to give it some serious thought because the future of the middle class depends on it . This week , both Romney and VP hopeful Paul Ryan have been touting a multitrillion dollar tax-cutting plan with no details , essentially asking voters to take it on faith that it 'll all work out . Many conservative pundits , including George Will , say Romney 's math -- where it exists -- is a bit fuzzy and all Romney can say is "  trust me . " So again , I ask Republicans : Do you ? Not in comparison to Obama , but in comparison to your understanding of the word trust . Knowing what you know -- and do n't know . Because if he wins , saying "  I trust him more than I trust Obama " is not going to help matters in January . It 's not going to protect the middle class ' ability to write off the interest on their mortgages or deduct charitable giving . Romney said the plan wo n't touch those deductions , but he wo n't tell us which deductions it will touch . Trust him with our taxes , he says . And yet , he wo n't trust us to even look at his . At the Republican National Convention , Mitt 's wife , Ann , painted a picture of their early years together as if the two of them were barely getting by . And then an old Boston Globe interview surfaced in which she said "  we were happy , studying hard . Neither one of us had a job , because Mitt had enough of an investment from stock that we could sell off a little at a time . " Realizing that struggling college students work and do n't usually live off investments , she backed away from her earlier characterization , telling "  Meet the Press " later that , "  Mitt and I do recognize that we have not had a financial struggle in our lives . " Uhm ... you do know that she did n't just realize this , right ? You do know that her speech was designed to manipulate voters in an attempt to paint her husband as a regular Joe , a guy just like them , someone they could trust . So ... do you ? Do you trust Mitt Romney ? Obama has only kept 37 % of his promises . But Politifact 's GOP Pledge-O-Meter , which they describe as having followed "  dozens of promises made in 2010 by Republican leaders " and in their Pledge to America , found that the GOP has only kept 19 % of its promises . If you ca n't trust a guy who has only kept 37 % of his promises , how do you trust leaders that have only kept 19 % of theirs ? Better yet , how do you trust a guy , who as governor of Massachusetts , signed an assault weapon ban in 2004 , reiterated his support for a ban in 2007 and then shows up at an NRA convention in 2012 talking like some sort of John Wayne wannabe ? I do n't think you can . Which I guess is why many Republicans have a hard time saying they do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ : Asked if they trust Romney , a group of Republicans replied , "  More than Obama " LZ says Romney flip flops and lies ; he wants us to trust him on tax plan he wo n't explain He says Obama has also broken promises , played politics , but GOP track record worse Granderson : The Romneys paint early years as humble to faux-relate to voters
CNN  Superheroes have always had a special place in my heart . I grew up in Zambia in the 1980s , an era that marked the beginning of the country 's worst economic crisis . My childhood memories are of a prolonged state of emergency that was characterized by acute food shortages and an economic decline where the basic needs of the average Zambian family were barely met . My siblings and I -- and our gang of friends from around the farmlands -- spent countless hours sitting on a deserted piggery wall , perfecting our extra-terrestrial code language . Our goal was to send an SOS out to the superheroes in the galaxies , and had our code language been refined enough to reach across the chasm of space , perhaps a spaceship would come down to Earth to save us from our dreary lives and carry us away into outer space . Searching for superheroes Rewind to just a few years earlier -- in the mid to late 1970s and before the economic decline -- when superheroes like Superman , Spiderman , Batman and the Incredible Hulk were huge deals for anyone growing up . In our childhood eyes , these were powerful , all-embodying beings , and their brands were merchandised on T-shirts , caps , lunchboxes , toys , and just about everything . They influenced many aspects of the childhood experience to such an extent that I spent a lot of my formative years aspiring to become a superhero when I grew up . But then disillusionment set in . It dawned on me that I would never be a superhero seeing as most of them were male -- and all of them white . The frantic search for an alternative and relatable superhero that followed only resulted in more disillusionment . So many years later , in the year 2015 , it is somewhat bewildering to experience today the same disillusionment when I see so little representation of cultural minorities in popular media . This is a big deal to me . I am of that school of thought that believes that radio , television , film and other media of popular culture provide the symbols , myths and resources through which we constitute a common culture . Meet Ananiya The danger of excluding cultural minorities from popular media is that this limited view starts to paint a constrained picture of what a person should look like , how they should behave and live to the negation of alternative experiences of being human . These deliberations are the basis for my graphic novel , "  The Revolutionist . " A work in progress , "  The Revolutionist " is set in the near future , on a satellite colony that is located a little off the orbit of mainland Earth , and administrated by a corporation . Social conformity in the interest of the collective is subliminally reinforced through symbolism and iconology , while the economy is purely corporate-driven . Exploitation of human by human , and robot by human gives rise to the resistance . Ananiya was only 13 years old when she joined the resistance . Now at 17 , she has recently been appointed as an agent in the Covert Operations Division . In the ensuing standoff where the Corporation increasingly maintains control with an ironclad fist it is not long before the resistance galvanizes into a full-blown revolution . As the masses are thrust into a state of emergency , Ananiya 's world is characterized by curfews , police raids , censorship and propaganda . Will the revolution overcome ? With this literary and visual offering , I describe a world that is both like -- and at the same time very much unlike -- our own . As a young , black female , my protagonist , Ananiya , is the most unlikely hero for the revolution . It would , indeed , be accurate to read her as the antithesis of the typical hero who more often than not is male , white , straight and privileged . Hey , maybe someday the nine-year old version of me can grow up to become a superhero after all . See Milumbe Haimbe 's work here Read this : Modern African art in the spotlight Read this : Why I 'm still sad about child marriage Read this : Why Ebola is not Liberia 's ` single ' story More from African Voices The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author .	Digital illustrator Milumbe Haimbe challenges stereotypes and tackles the diversity gap through her work Last May , she was one of the winners at the Dakar Biennale
CNN  -- It 's a trip that would make Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher blush . On Friday , the Carnival cruise ship Elation , sponsored by the world 's largest nonprofit singles travel group , will make history by hosting the world 's first International Cougar Cruise , and we do n't mean the animal . Defined by the Urban Dictionary , a cougar is "  an older woman who frequents clubs in order to score with a much younger man . " It can be anyone from "  an overly surgically altered wind tunnel victim , to an absolute sad and bloated old horn-meister . " "  A cougar is generally known as a woman over 40 who likes to date younger men , but theoretically any woman who dates younger men is a cougar , " said Rich Gosse , who came up with the cougar cruise idea . The ship , which sets sail from San Diego , California , to Ensenada , Mexico , for three nights , is booked for 300 guests and even has a waiting list . The ship has three swimming pools , a seven-deck-high atrium , bar and grill , a Moroccan-inspired Casablanca Casino and a lounge that features stage shows , according to Ann Thomas , owner of the Singles Travel Company and organizer of the Cougar Cruise . After making port in Ensenada , the cruise offers extracurricular activities like horseback riding , ATVing and other outdoor excursions . "  There 's at least four or five options a day for people to get together on the cruise . We 're doing lots of activities ; dancing , dining , Jacuzzi parties , karaoke for two hours . And starting at $ 125 a ticket , it 's a great price , " Thomas said . "  I 've had to hire two more people part-time just to pick up the phones , " she said . "  I 've never seen a response quite like this . " Thomas admits that she was hesitant to sign on to the idea but is glad she did . "  We have people flying in from Italy and Denmark . My associates have been booking from France , Canada . It 's fascinating , " Thomas said . Gosse , who has been hosting singles events for more than 30 years , said he got the idea after hosting a cougar convention in Palo Alto , California . "  We had to turn away hundreds of people , " Gosse said . "  Then we did one in Beverly Hills and had a massive crowd down there , so I thought , maybe we should do a cougar cruise . I did n't think anyone would want to go . Needless to say , the phone is ringing off the hook . " These cougars may as well be an endangered species compared with those hunting them on this cruise . "  The basic problem is , we have is too many cubs , " Gosse said . "  We usually have too many women and not enough guys , but there 's been a paradigm shift in recent years , so now the cubs are more excited about it than the cougars . " A "  cub " is someone in their 20s or early 30s who likes to date older women , according to Gosse . For years , he says , it 's been socially acceptable for older men to date younger women . But in recent years , a phenomenon sparked by celebrities like Kutcher , baseball player Alex Rodriguez  who is said to have dated pop star Madonna  and others has led a new generation of younger men on the prowl for more experienced partners . There is even an ABC sitcom called "  Cougar Town " that glamorizes the sexual escapades of a 40-something divorcee on a search for self-discovery by dating younger men . "  Tim Robbins -LSB- and -RSB- Susan Sarandon was the first high-profile cougar-cub relationship , " Gosse said of the actors , who have been together since the late 1980s . "  Now we 're seeing a paradigm shift where these younger guys are actively looking for older women . " "  If you look at the demographics , the only logical way for people to get their needs met is for younger men to date older women , " he said . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , for every 100 single women in their 20s in America , there are 118 single men in their 20s . The reason , Gosse said , is that young women are dating older guys . "  When you 're single , you always wish the person meets someone they want to be with . If this is something they want , then I wish them well , " Thomas said .	Cruise for women who date younger men sets sail on Carnival cruise ship Elation The event is fully booked at 300 travelers , organizers say Cruise is one of many symbols of burgeoning "  cougar " movement
CNN  -- An employee was found dead and another seriously injured inside a church in north Arlington , Texas , police said early Friday . Authorities have not officially identified the victims . The Arlington Police Department said it will need to consult with the medical examiner 's office before doing so . However , church members who gathered outside NorthPointe Baptist Church after the discovery Thursday afternoon said the 29-year-old pastor of the church had been killed and his 67-year-old ministry assistant wounded , CNN affiliate WFAA reported . A family member of one of the victims contacted police after not being able to reach their loved one . A friend who went by the church saw a person lying on the the floor motionless through a church window , police said . Police arrived a short time later and discovered the two victims inside . Police said a car belonging to the ministry assistant is missing and may have been taken by a suspect or suspects in the case . CNN 's Scott Thompson and Meridith Edwards contributed to this report	A 29-year-old church pastor is killed and his 67-year-old ministry assistant wounded , CNN affiliate WFAA reported The victims have not been officially identified Police investigate after a family member of one of victims ca n't reach their loved one
CNN  -- There is a phrase that has long been used in discussing nuclear warfare : Mutual assured destruction . What it means is that if various enemies develop and use the most powerful and harmful weapons available , everyone will lose . Everyone will die . National politics is not literal warfare , although its practitioners like to use the language of combat : War rooms . Battleground states . Attack ads . And as the political world shifts its focus from one national convention to the other , a sentiment has been building that this year 's presidential campaign may turn out to be the dirtiest ever . You 've already seen it in the wall-to-wall television commercials during the primary season ; with the fall campaign shifting into overdrive , you can expect the tone of the advertising to make sewage seem pristine by comparison . As Peggy Noonan wrote in The Wall Street Journal : "  With all the PAC money floating around , we 've entered the Golden Age of mudslinging . " It 's not that the candidates are incapable of high-mindedness ; they are extraordinarily bright . But in recent years the mantra of high-octane campaigns has been that below-the-belt tactics work , and the rationalization has been that a candidate ca n't accomplish anything worthy if he or she does n't get elected in the first place . Jim Rutenberg , in The New York Times , under the headline "  The Lowest Common Denominator and the 2012 Race for President , " wrote last month : "  The thinking was that the two presidential candidates , both with Harvard degrees , would finally use their intellectual prowess to discuss the nation 's challenges seriously . " That , he wrote , is looking like an unrealistic expectation , and thus "  Strategists on both sides are pondering which campaign is best served by the vitriol . " From time to time there are public calls for a truce in the invective . It never seems to stick . Carol E. Lee , writing in The Wall Street Journal : "  Neither side shows any signs of curtailing the negativity . ... One effect of such early negativity is that both candidates figure to be battered by November , and voters could become fatigued earlier . " Why does this matter ? With politics more of a spectator sport than ever , what is the real harm in its devolving into an only slightly more refined version of mud wrestling ? The harm is that it 's a difficult shift to go from mud wrestler to statesman once the votes are counted . The metaphorical eye-gouging and groin-kicking of take-no-prisoners campaigns may be effective in grabbing voters ' attention -- increasingly , watching a presidential campaign play out is like slowing down to gape at a particularly ugly auto accident . But there are indications that the voters are getting wise to the game , and becoming disillusioned with it . In a front-page story in USA Today before the conventions began , Susan Page reported that a USA Today/Gallup Poll "  finds Americans taking a decidedly more negative view of the presidential candidates and the tenor of their campaigns than they did four years ago . " Some of the findings of the poll : Voters are critical of both candidates for making unfair attacks on each other . To an extent not seen in at least the last six election seasons , voters say that they view both the Republican and Democratic parties unfavorably . When , in 2008 , potential voters were asked if both candidates would make good presidents , 25 % said yes . This year , asked the same question , only 12 % said yes . And that is the danger of mutual assured destruction , politics-style . In warfare , the hoped-for impact of the knowledge that either side could annihilate the other was to preserve a state of peace , however strained or uneasy -- it was , and is , a doctrine of deterrence . In politics , it does n't seem to inhibit the combatants . A willingness to use any means to win an election will inevitably , in the end , produce a president . But then the president will have to lead a nation that has turned darkly cynical about the entire process . There is a publication that has none of the glitz or dinner-party cachet of the national newspapers or television news networks , but it reaches an audience that dwarfs theirs . The publication is the AARP Bulletin -- circulation 22 million -- and its editor , Jim Toedtman , recently wrote an editorial that puts all of this in measured perspective . Under the headline "  Leaders , Try Greatness , Not Meanness , " Toedtman said that strategists for the opposing sides are displaying "  no interest in compromise , " and quoted Allegheny College President James H. Mullen Jr. in characterizing the current process as "  a disgraceful stew of invective ... a continuing contest in which each side of the partisan divide sees itself as right and the other as evil , uncaring or , worst of all , unpatriotic . " Does it have to be this way ? The editorial recalls John Adams , who "  could just as easily have been talking about today when he wrote in 1776 of his fears that the Continental Congress ' decisions would be dictated ` by noise , not sense ; by meanness , not greatness ; by ignorance , not learning ; by contracted hearts , not large souls . ' " Adams wrote , "  There must be decency and respect and veneration introduced for persons of authority of every rank or we are undone . In popular government , this is our only way . ' " When the country loses that , it loses something essential . Just what is it that we are throwing away ? Toedtman 's editorial concludes : "  Decency , respect and veneration produced compromise and a foundation that has endured for 236 years . We are surrounded by noise , meanness and ignorance . The measure for our leaders must be their ability to rediscover that proven formula of sense , greatness and learning . " But what political consultant would waste his client 's money trying to fit those sentiments into a 30-second commercial ? Meanwhile , Election Day is less than 10 weeks away . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Political campaigns resemble warfare 's mutually assured destruction He says politicians believe the only way to win is by using below-the-belt tactics A poll showed that Americans take an increasingly dim view of negative campaigns , candidates Greene : When the country loses decency , respect , it loses something essential
Jean-Claude Van Damme 's "  Kickboxer " is being remade , and "  The Muscles from Brussels " will be one of the stars . According to The Hollywood Reporter , 54-year-old Van Damme is in final negotiations to join the cast of the upcoming remake , which will be directed by "  Blue Crush " and "  Into the Blue " helmer John Stockwell . The original 1989 "  Kickboxer " helped launch Van Damme 's career as an action star . He starred in the cult favorite as Kurt Sloane , a young martial artist who travels to Thailand and trains in kickboxing to avenge his brother 's vicious loss to a fighter named Tong Po . This time around , Van Damme will no longer be the student but the master . He 's signing on to play an updated take on Master Xian Chow , the role played by Dennis Chan in the original . "  We are so excited to have ` Kickboxer ' roll into production and to have  Van Damme  in the role of Master Chow ... to have him lead the franchise to a new generation , " one of the remake 's producers said in a statement to The Hollywood Reporter . Stuntman and actor Alain Moussi will star in the new "  Kickboxer " as Kurt Sloane , and "  Guardians of the Galaxy " star Dave Bautista will portray the new version of Tong Po .	Jean-Claude Van Damme is set to join a reboot of "  Kickboxer " The 1989 movie helped establish Van Damme as an action hero In the original , Van Damme played a young man who trains in kickboxing In the reboot , he 'll play the teacher
CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's quarter-century-long civil war is in its final phase , the government suggested Friday , as its troops pounded Tamil Tiger rebels in the country 's north . This picture , released by the Sri Lankan defense ministry , is said to be of a dead Tamil Tiger body captured after fighting on May 14 , 2009 . The rebels -- formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  -- have fought for an independent state in Sri Lanka since 1983 . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began . President Mahinda Rajapaksa said the end of the current military push , which is often referred to as a civilian rescue mission , is less than 48 hours away . He spoke from Jordan on Friday , where he 's attending an economic summit . "  The Tamil civilians held hostage by the LTTE in small area of land in the north would be rescued , and the Tamils would be saved from the threat of LTTE terrorism , " Rajapaksa said . In a rapid military push , Sri Lankan forces have squeezed Tamil Tiger fighters into approximately 1.5 square miles  four square kilometers  of coastal land . The United Nations estimates that more than 50,000 civilians are trapped there . CNN 's Paula Newton reports on the plight of trapped civilians " The chunk of land , known as the no-fire zone or civilian safety area , was under siege by government forces Friday , according to Tamilnet.com , a rebel Web site . "  The entire safety zone area is in smoke ... as shelling by the Sri Lanka army was destroying all the structures within a narrow strip of coastal land , which is densely populated with tens of thousands of people , " Tamilnet said . Humanitarian aid groups have reported mass civilian casualties in the fighting . "  The government is moving forward in extremely difficult circumstances . After all , the ... Tamil Tigers are seeded amidst the middle of all these civilians . It 's very difficult to weed out and identify who is a fighter and who is not , " said Gordon Weiss , a U.N. spokesman . "  It makes it very very dangerous for civilians , and it explains the very large toll on civilian life that we 've seen at this point . " Weiss called the fighting a "  bloodbath " at the beginning of the week . The situation had worsened by Friday , the International Committee of the Red Cross said . It suspended evacuation and medical rescue operations in the no-fire zone . Aid agencies had been stuck offshore , unable to deliver badly needed relief supplies and evacuate civilians . "  Our staff are witnessing an unimaginable humanitarian catastrophe , " said Pierre Krahenbuhl , the Red Cross ' director of operations . "  No humanitarian organization can help them in the current circumstances . People are left to their own devices . " The U.N. Security Council and U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday called for both sides to protect civilians and allow humanitarian aid into the conflict zone . Watch frustration build at the United Nations " In a statement at the White House , Obama urged Sri Lankan government troops to halt the "  indiscriminate " shelling of civilians trapped with the remnants of the country 's Tamil Tigers . He also prodded the rebels to stop using civilians as human shields . Security Council members issued a statement demanding "  that all parties respect their obligations under international humanitarian law . " A Red Cross worker was killed Wednesday during shelling in the conflict zone in Sri Lanka -- the third aid worker killed in six weeks -- the Red Cross said .	Sri Lanka president says end of current military push less than 48 hours away U.N. estimates more than 50,000 civilians trapped in area under siege Red Cross : "  Staff are witnessing an unimaginable humanitarian catastrophe " Tamil Tigers have fought for an independent state in Sri Lanka since 1983
CNN  -- At the middle of his first presidential term , Barack Obama faces major electoral challenges , some of which have come to involve questions of religious identity and power . A few have revived suspicion about Obama 's religious identity , especially after he said he supported New York 's decision to permit the construction of an Islamic cultural center near the site of ground zero . At the same time , some prominent black figures have accused Obama of ignoring African-American concerns and tens of millions of "  churched " black voters . On the one hand , Obama faces religious xenophobia ; on the other , he faces the mobilization of critical voices among a religious population that Democrats have long taken for granted . With fierce midterm election battles at hand and his prospects for a second term as president uncertain , we might expect Obama to revisit the strategy of a president who faced similar religious challenges more than 70 years ago : Franklin D. Roosevelt . In the lead-up to Roosevelt 's own re-election in 1936 , some religious sectors charged his New Deal and the repeal of Prohibition constituted an attack on traditional Christian values . Meanwhile , he could hardly take for granted the black vote . The Democratic Party was understood as the party of the openly violent Jim Crow South , where millions of African Americans remained disenfranchised . But by the middle of his first term , Roosevelt and the Democratic National Committee knew they would need to reach out to Northern black voters , who were growing in numbers yet had been only partly swayed by the limited availability of New Deal emergency relief . Criticism from black churches was on the rise , just as it seems to be now . In 1934 , right at the midpoint of the first Roosevelt administration , the major black denominations formed the Fraternal Council of Negro Churches , specifically to push a social justice agenda and protest , if need be , at the national level . Black religious publications reported racial discrimination in Roosevelt 's New Deal and were incredulous about his refusal to promote an anti-lynching bill . Roosevelt , in his electoral strategy , reached out extensively to African-American local and national religious leaders , including those of the Fraternal Council of Negro Churches , through the Good Neighbor League of the National Democratic Party . The league recruited sympathetic clergy to lead political discussion clubs in black congregations and planned major events in churches in 25 Northern cities . These events highlighted the New Deal 's tangible benefits to black people , portrayed the New Deal and Roosevelt himself as rooted in "  social gospel " values of equality and justice and elevated certain Fraternal Council leaders to positions of unprecedented visibility . Not only did black people shift decisively to the Democratic Party in the election of 1936 , but the social gospel movement that Roosevelt championed gained enough prominence in black religion that it became a keystone of the civil rights movement . Meanwhile , the Fraternal Council of Negro Churches , which had always promoted a black social gospel , gained its political foothold during the Roosevelt years and provided the institutional template for national church-based protest groups such as the Southern Christian Leadership Council . President George W. Bush 's Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives may be understood as an adaptation of Roosevelt 's black religious strategy , although Bush was not promoting the social gospel . From its inception , Bush 's Faith Initiative elevated individualistic , moral reform strategies over strategies emphasizing public responsibility for poverty and structural solutions to inequality . As Bush stated at the Faith Office 's inaugural event , "  We will help all in their work to change hearts ... " Obama has rebranded and reformed Faith Office as an interfaith think tank , designed to generate new ideas and discover best practices , but it is uncertain how the new Faith Office will mediate electoral challenges . President Obama did , however , meet with 20 black church leaders in March 2010 to solicit opinions and prayers . Just a month earlier , the heads of seven major black denominations launched the Conference of National Black Churches , the lineage of which goes back to the Fraternal Council . While upholding the value of individual responsibility and transformation , this ecumenical body also advocates for social and economic justice and is concerned with the structural aspects of black poverty , crises in education , health and housing , staggering incarceration rates and more . The Conference of Black National Churches has already reached out to Obama and denounced religious xenophobia by supporting his remarks on the proposed Islamic center near ground zero . Obama , like Roosevelt , could turn to the nationally organized black churches to shore up electoral turnout while neutralizing fears about his own religious intentions . Like the Fraternal Council and the early black Social Gospel proponents , the freshly mobilized black churches could use this moment in national political history to lay the groundwork for a social change movement of unprecedented proportions . If history is any indication , pivotal times are ahead at the intersection of national politics and black religion . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Omar McRoberts .	Omar McRoberts : Obama faces criticism from blacks and fears of commitment to Christianity FDR also faced religious challenges , criticism from African-Americans , he writes He says Roosevelt enlisted black church to build up trust among a disenfranchised group Obama could turn to black churches to bring out vote and prove religious identity , he says
CNN  -- Frances Reid , best known for her decades-long portrayal of Alice Horton on the soap opera "  Days of our Lives , " died Wednesday at the age of 95 . Reid played the role of the martriarch since the long-running soap series ' first episode in 1965 , and made her last appearance in 2007 . Reid was nominated twice for Daytime Emmys , and in 2004 she was awarded a Daytime Emmy Lifetime Achievement Award . NBC said in a statement to CNN that the network "  is deeply saddened by the passing of Frances Reid . She was a true icon of the daytime genre and while we mourn her passing , we also celebrate her long life and the tremendous talent she shared with her generations of fans . She will be sorely missed . " On Twitter , "  Days " actress Alison Sweeney , who plays Sami , wrote , "  I 'm so sad to hear the news about Frances Reid . She was a truly talented actress and we are all lucky and proud to have known her . "	Actress Frances Reid died Wednesday at the age of 95 She was best known for her decades-long role as Alice Horton on "  Days of Our Lives " Reid won a Daytime Emmy Lifetime Achievement award in 2004
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- The captain of the cruise ship that wrecked off Italy 's western coast will be questioned by authorities Tuesday at a hearing , his attorney said . Francesco Schettino is under arrest and may face charges that include manslaughter , shipwreck , and abandoning a ship when passengers were still on board , according to Italian prosecutor Francesco Verusio . Schettino could face up to 15 years in prison , he said . At the closed hearing , a preliminary investigation judge will decide whether Schettino will remain detained . The captain has not yet been questioned , but more than 100 witnesses , including passengers and crew , have been interviewed , the prosecutor said . The captain 's attorney , Bruno Leporatti , said in a statement Monday that Schettino was "  shattered , dismayed , saddened for the loss of lives and strongly disturbed . " But , he said , Schettino is "  nonetheless comforted by the fact that he maintained during those moments the necessary lucidity to put in place a difficult emergency maneuver ... bringing the ship to shallow waters . " That move , Leporatti said , saved the lives of many passengers and crew members . Italian prosecutors have ruled out a technical error as the cause of the incident , saying the captain was on the bridge at the time and had made a "  grave error . " Overheard on CNN.com : Worst-case scenario strikes Late Monday , the head of Italy 's coast guard said 29 people remained unaccounted for from the partially sunken cruise ship Costa Concordia -- a sharp spike from earlier estimates of the missing . Coast guard chief Marco Brusco said the whereabouts of four crew members and 25 passengers were unknown , Italy 's ANSA news agency reported . Authorities earlier believed that 16 people were unaccounted for . The Costa Concordia hit rocks Friday night just off Italy 's western coast , leading to what passengers described as a chaotic and surreal scene to evacuate and the deaths of at least six people . On Monday , rescue efforts were ongoing in and around the mammoth vessel , which was listing on its side off the island of Giglio . The search had been suspended earlier in the day because the vessel began to move , said the island 's mayor , Sergio Ortelli . Coast Guard spokesman Filippo Marino said efforts had resumed , adding that rescuers will focus on retrieving the body of a man , presumably a passenger , discovered earlier in the day . However , he said the weather forecast has rescuers worried , as it calls for rising winds . The head of the company that owns the ship said Monday he has not given up hope of finding survivors . "  Hope is the last thing to die , " said Costa Cruises chairman and chief executive Pier Luigi Foschi . He addressed journalists at an emotional press conference Monday , apologizing repeatedly for the accident . Prosecutors are examining the ship 's data recorder and expect to have results within days , Verusio said . They are also considering whether others may share responsibility for the crash with the captain . Foschi placed blame for the wreck squarely on the captain , however , saying Schettino had deviated from frequently traveled routes . "  The captain decided to change the route and he went into water that he did not know in advance , " Foschi said . He said the company was limited in its ability to investigate the incident because it did not have the data recorder . Schettino , who has been with Costa since 2002 , had never been involved in an accident before , Foschi said . He downplayed the possibility that alcohol may have played a role in the crash , saying he did not believe Schettino drank , and that all crew were subject to random drug and alcohol tests by Costa Cruises . The company had said earlier that Schettino may have made "  significant " errors that led to the wreck . "  The route of the vessel appears to have been too close to the shore , and the captain 's judgment in handling the emergency appears to have not followed standard Costa procedures , " Costa Cruises said in a statement Sunday . The ship had about 2,300 tons of fuel on board at the time of the wreck , Foschi said Monday , adding that so far there was "  absolutely no evidence of fuel leaking into the sea . " Divers have been searching the skyscraper-sized ship , working underwater in pitch blackness , in hopes of finding the missing . There were roughly 4,200 people on the Costa Concordia when it ran aground . Among those unaccounted for were two Americans . The U.S. State Department identified them Monday as Gerald and Barbara Ann Heil . The U.S. Embassy has requested information from "  anyone with information " regarding the Heils ' whereabouts , the State Department said . The Heils live in White Bear Lake , Minnesota , according to CNN affiliate WCCO , and have four children and 15 grandchildren . Their daughter , Sarah , told CBS Radio in Chicago that the couple was planning to travel after retiring , WCCO said . The disaster 's impact on earnings will cost the ship 's owner at least $ 85 million to $ 95 million in the fiscal year to November , parent company Carnival Corporation said Monday -- not including "  other costs to the business that are not possible to determine at this time . " Foschi said passengers would get "  material compensation for their loss , " but declined to go into details . The ship is expected to be out of service "  for the remainder of the current fiscal year if not longer , " the company said . Schettino joined Costa Cruises as a safety officer in 2002 before being appointed captain four years later , the company said . Even with its admission that mistakes were made , the Genoa-based cruise company defended the ship 's crew in the face of criticism on the part of some passengers , who said the crew appeared helpless and overwhelmed as passengers rushed for lifeboats . "  It is becoming clear that the crew of the Costa Concordia acted bravely and swiftly to help evacuate more than 4,000 individuals during a very challenging situation , " the company said , adding all crew members are trained and the passengers earlier took part in an evacuation drill . Survivors have described the scene -- after the ship hit rocks near Giglio , off the coast of Tuscany , and turned over on its side -- as chaos . "  There was no one taking command , " passenger Lauren Moore told HLN 's Mike Galanos . She said she was having dinner with a group of friends when she heard the crunch of the ship hitting the rock and the crash of plates and glasses falling to the floor . "  It was a terrifying sound and we knew it was n't normal , " she said . Moore ran to her cabin and then to board a lifeboat . "  It was so chaotic ... Everyone was basically fighting for his or her own life , " she said . Some passengers braved the chilly water , with a temperature of about 57 degrees , and swam to safety . Others had no choice and fell in . Nighttime temperatures on Giglio have recently dipped below freezing . Authorities have said at least 20 people were injured , in addition to those killed and missing . There were fears the death toll could rise as rescuers searched the ship , which was nearly 50 % submerged and had a gash in its hull , authorities said . Questions and criticism continue about what caused the shipwreck and the adequacy of the response . Speaking on Italian television , the ship 's captain insisted the rocks that the Concordia hit were not marked on his map . "  On the nautical chart , it was marked just as water , " Schettino said , adding that the ship was about 328 yards  300 meters  from shore . But Coast Guard spokesman Cosimo Nicastro insisted that the waters where the ship ran aground were well-mapped . Local fishermen say the island coast of Giglio is known for its rocky sea floor . Nicastro said the Coast Guard was investigating why the ship took the course it did . "  We know where the ship was , " he said . "  We know it was too close to the island . ... We do n't know why . " Built in 2006 , the Concordia had been on a Mediterranean cruise from Rome with stops in Savona , Marseille , Barcelona , Palma de Mallorca , Cagliari and Palermo . The ship was carrying about 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members when it ran aground . The dead include two elderly people found Sunday , two French tourists and a crew member from Peru , port authorities in Livorno said . One of the victims was a 65-year-old woman who died of a heart attack , authorities said . The Spanish Foreign Ministry named one of the victims Monday as Guillermo Gual Buades , 68 , saying his family had identified him . CNN 's Livia Borghese , Hada Messia , Jim Boulden , Al Goodman and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Captain Francesco Schettino will appear before a judge Tuesday The ship captain 's attorney says he is "  shattered , dismayed , saddened " 25 passengers and 4 crew members remain unaccounted for , the coast guard says Rescue efforts are continuing on the Costa Concordia , where at least 6 have died
CNN  -- The United States is not interested in providing weapons to opposition forces in Syria until it has a better picture of what those forces are , the top U.S. military officer said in an interview aired Sunday . "  I think it 's premature to take a decision to arm the opposition movement in Syria , because I would challenge anyone to clearly identify for me the opposition movement in Syria at this point , " Gen. Martin Dempsey , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " More than 50 prominent U.S. conservatives signed an open letter last week urging the Obama administration to "  take immediate action " against the Syrian regime , including "  self-defense aid " to an armed opposition led by defected government troops . Among the signatories were some of the leading voices in support of the 2003 invasion of Iraq , as well as the former head of the U.S.-led occupation government there . And Sen. Joe Lieberman told CNN last week that a "  coalition of the willing " should assist Syria 's opposition forces since Syrian allies Russia and China vetoed action at the United Nations . Lieberman , a Democrat-turned-independent who was also a leading Iraq hawk , said the United States and its allies could provide the rebels with medical aid , communications and ultimately , weapons . But Dempsey , an Army general who served two tours of duty in Iraq , warned that Syria is "  an arena right now for all of the various interests to play out . " Those interests include neighbors such as NATO ally Turkey ; the region 's Sunni and Shiite Muslim powers , Saudi Arabia and Iran , which is Syria 's leading ally ; and the al Qaeda terrorist network , which has shown signs of interest in the conflict , he said . "  There 's a number of players , all of whom are trying to reinforce their particular side of this issue . And until we 're a lot clearer about , you know , who they are and what they are , I think it would be premature to talk about arming them , " Dempsey said . Syria 's uprising began amid the "  Arab Spring " demonstrations in March 2011 , when longtime autocrats fell in Tunisia and Egypt and others found themselves battling popular revolts . Syria 's government responded by unleashing police and troops on opposition protests . The United Nations says more than 5,000 people have been killed in the crackdown . Syrian opposition groups put the figure at more than 7,000 , with government troops shelling the flashpoint city of Homs for two consecutive weeks , while President Bashar al-Assad 's government says it is battling "  terrorists . " Supporters of intervention point to the results in Libya , where U.S. and NATO airstrikes helped an armed rebellion topple longtime strongman Moammar Gadhafi last August . But Dempsey said Syria is "  a very different challenge , " since the opposition controls very little territory and Syria has a more capable military than did Libya . "  I think intervening in Syria would be very difficult , " Dempsey said . The United States , the European Union , the Arab League and Turkey have initiated a range of sanctions against Syria . The Obama administration has said al-Assad has lost his legitimacy to rule , and it is working on ways to bolster the opposition through a coalition of Western and Arab states called the "  Friends of Syria . " But State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Friday , "  We do n't think further militarizing the situation is going to bring peace and stability and a democratic transition to the people of Syria . "	The top U.S. military officer says "  a number of players " are involved in Syria Arming the opposition should wait "  until we 're a lot clearer about ... who they are , " he says Dempsey says intervention in Syria would be more difficult than in Libya
CNN  -- The Internet connection in Myanmar was cut Friday , limiting the free flow of information the nation 's citizens were sharing with the world depicting the violent crackdown on monks and other peaceful demonstrators . Ko Htike runs his Myanmar blog out of his London apartment and says he 's trying to stop the violence . Myanmar-based blogs went dark suddenly . But London-based blogger Ko Htike -- who has been one of the most prominent bloggers posting information about the violence -- has vowed to keep up the fight , saying where "  there is a will , there is a way . " "  I sadly announce that the Burmese military junta has cut off the Internet connection throughout the country , " he said on his blog Friday . "  I , therefore , would not be able to feed in pictures of the brutality by the brutal Burmese military junta . " Ko Htike is a 28-year-old who left Myanmar , once known as Burma , seven years ago to study in England . Watch a blogger 's fight for Myanmar " He told CNN.com a day earlier that he has as many as 40 people in Myanmar sending him photos or calling him with information . They often take the photos from windows from their homes , he said . Myanmar 's military junta has forbidden such images , and anyone who sends them is risking their lives . "  If they get caught , you will never know their future . Maybe just disappear or maybe life in prison or maybe dead , " he told CNN . Why would they take such risks ? "  They thought that this is their duty for the country , " he said . "  That 's why they are doing it . It 's like a mission . " Even with Friday 's action by the government , he said he will continue to do all he can to get images of what 's happening out for the world to see . "  I will also try my best to feed in their demonic appetite of fear and paranoia by posting any pictures that I receive through other means , " he said on his blog . "  I will continue to live with the motto that ` if there is a will there is a way . ' " With few Western journalists allowed in Myanmar , his blog has become one of the main information outlets . More than 170,000 people from 175 countries have gone to the blog , according to a counter on the page . On Friday , shots rang out in the streets of Myanmar 's biggest city of Yangon , marking the third straight day of violence at the hands of the ruling military junta to suppress citizen protests . See photos of the protests " One diplomat told CNN that a Western witness had reported seeing about 35 bodies lying in rows on a street near Sule Pagoda , with civilians praying over them . CNN could not independently confirm the report , and it was not known if the bodies were from Friday or the result of earlier violence . According to The Associated Press , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Friday he believes the loss of life in Myanmar has been "  far greater " than is being reported . In a country where Buddhist monks are revered , the violence against them could stir even more outrage among the people of Myanmar . "  Now , there is blood shed on the monastery , " Htike said . The Internet has also spawned other Myanmar pages . On the popular online community of Facebook , several Myanmar support pages were set up with links keeping a close eye on the latest developments . One letter floating around the Internet from a group calling itself the "  Global Alliance of Burmese Students " called on people abroad to stage protests . "  We call on you to take action , to take the lead , and to show solidarity with our fellow countrymen back home , " it said . "  The streets of Yangon bleed red , and it will all be in vain if we do not act and mobilize for change . " Other people used technology as simple as the cell phone as a means to get the word out on what was happening . "  We did n't do any terrorism , but they sharp-shoot us , " one woman said by phone inside Myanmar Thursday . "  I just want to say we have no weapons and no rights . " She added , "  Who can help us ? " The last time the nation saw such widespread protests was in 1988 , when today 's instantaneous means of communication did not exist . The government used brutal force to quash that democratic uprising , with few people seeing what happened . View a timeline of events there " Today 's technology allows anyone with the means to capture what is happening . Despite the cutting of the Internet inside the country , people can still take pictures and videos with cell phones and send them to the outside world . "  They are ready to die for that , " Vincent Brossels with Reporters Without Borders said on Thursday . "  I spoke with a Burmese journalist this morning in Rangoon and he told me that now I do n't care about anything . I 'm ready to be in jail . I 'm ready to die for that . " Benjamin Valk , a 25-year-old student from a university in Tokyo , Japan , sent CNN.com video of saffron-robed monks carrying out a peaceful protest earlier this week in Yangon , once known as Rangoon . The video shows thousands of monks and civilians walking together and chanting . He said he felt compelled to share the video because people "  should know what is happening in a country like Myanmar . " "  In a world where democracy is considered the better or perhaps the best political system , there is huge global support for a people who dare to openly challenge a military dictatorship and call for democracy , " Valk said . "  I think it 's good for the world to see . " Htike agrees , saying he 's just trying to stop the killing in his homeland . "  If I can publish these kind of -LSB- photos -RSB- and this kind of news to the world , so maybe they may stop a little bit . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Phil Black contributed to this report .	Internet connection in Myanmar has been cut off London-blogger vows to keep up the fight Woman on phone : "  Who can help us ? " Student sent video to CNN because people "  should know what is happening "
CNN  -- Panic ensued at LAX when a woman lost control of her car near one terminal , and a crank caller reported a gunman in another Friday night , authorities said . The two incidents occurred at terminals 5 and 4 , respectively , at the Los Angeles International Airport . Passengers fled terminal 5 , spooked by the banging sound of an SUV crashing outside the terminal . "  A driver had a medical emergency , causing her to lose control of the vehicle , " said Patrick M. Gannon , the airport police chief . "  She has been transported to a local hospital . " There was no real threat , he said . The driver is in good condition at a local hospital . Almost simultaneously , a call was placed in dispatch -- "  probably a prank " -- saying there was a man with a gun in terminal 4 , Gannon said . Officers evacuated the area and stormed in , guns drawn . "  Get down , get down , " officers shouted as crowds hovered behind walls . Police searched the terminal , then declared it safe . "  We did not find anybody there with a gun . In an overabundance of caution , we evacuated terminal 4 , " Gannon said . "  We had great cooperation with our passengers . " LAX remains on edge following a shooting there three weeks go . A gunman stormed in on November 1 , killing Transportation Security Administration officer Gerardo Hernandez and injuring several others . Officers shot suspect Paul Ciancia multiple times during the assault . He was hospitalized briefly , but is out and in the custody of U.S. marshals . Ciancia has been charged with the murder of a federal officer and commission of violence at an international airport . CNN 's Deanna Hackney contributed to this report	LAX has been on edge since a TSA officer was killed three weeks ago The latest incidents occurred at terminals 5 and 4 There was no real threat , official says
CNN  -- Middle schooler Katarina Lucardie did n't expect to see her classmates cry when she decided to show them her big secret . She was bald and did n't know how to tell her peers . But after teaming up with her teachers , the Colorado Springs , Colorado , student helped make a documentary about why she has no hair . Now she is the face of bravery for her classmates . It all started after Katarina wrote a letter to her school counselor : "  I have a disease and it makes me lose my hair , " she wrote . The 11-year-old was born with alopecia areata , an autoimmune skin disease that results in hair loss on the scalp and other places on the body . The condition affects 2 % of Americans , both male and female , according to the National Institutes of Health . People with alopecia generally start losing hair in their youth , which was the case for Katarina . At age 8 , she started seeing patches of her hair on the floor of the tub after taking showers and on her pillow after getting out of bed . With no real cure available , Katarina went completely bald at 9 . She sported a medium-length black wig throughout much of elementary school , but after graduating , she approached her mom and said she wanted to stop wearing it in middle school . She said the wig irritated her scalp , especially during gym activities , and she felt hot while wearing it . But most importantly , Katarina says , she just wanted to be herself around her friends . "  I was fearful she was going to get picked on . She was picked on a little in elementary school , " said her mother , Carmela Aranda . She had seen students questioning Katarina about her condition , asking her why she was losing her hair and whether she was sick . Aranda was nervous that by not wearing the wig to her new middle school , Katarina would be subjecting herself to bullying and ridicule . Bullying was something Aranda was all too familiar with . After a high fever and ear infection , she lost her hearing at the age of 1 and grew up as the only deaf girl at her school . "  I grew up in the '70s , " she explained . "  The kids at school did n't know how to interact with me . They made fun of my voice . " It was the kind of experience she did n't want for her daughter . But Katarina was determined to stop wearing her wig and approached her middle school counselor , Jennicca Mabe , about her condition in private . Mabe had similar concerns that Katarina might get picked on but worked with other teachers and the administration at Skyview Middle School to figure out how to share Katarina 's story with the rest of her peers . With Aranda 's blessing , Mabe and other school officials enlisted Katarina 's teachers to help create a short documentary about Katarina and what it was like living with alopecia . "  Mabe  thought that if you educate people and if you tell them about things and you tell them that it is n't contagious , that people wo n't pick on me , " Katarina said . Katarina 's science teacher , Connie Sandel , was one of the participants in the documentary . "  I was a little bit surprised , " she said , when she learned that Katarina wanted to tell other students she was bald . "  Most kids do n't come forward in middle school and do something like that . In middle school , kids can be a little harsh , and bullying can be a problem . But I wanted to support her in what she wanted to do , " Sandel said . The documentary was screened this month in the school 's library for several groups of students , including Katarina 's class . "  I was sitting at the back so all these people would n't be looking at me , " Katarina said . "  And I watched everyone , and people were crying , and I felt sorry . "  I knew that maybe the teachers would cry , but I never expected that the kids would cry , " she added . Her mother was also at the screening and had an interpreter translate the film for her . "  I cried . I think everyone in the room cried . I knew we made the right decision . The school was really supportive . They did n't have to do this , you know , " Aranda said . After the documentary , Katarina , accompanied by two of her teachers , answered questions from her peers . She also explained to her class that the following week she would not be wearing her wig anymore . "  It was very inspiring , " Aranda said . "  The kids were really interested , and they asked a lot of questions like ` Does it hurt ? ' and ` Was your scalp itchy ? ' " Many students were surprised by the film and admitted that they never suspected that Katarina wore a wig in the first place . Some students even told Katarina that she looked even better without a wig . Aranda could n't help but think of how brave Katarina was , standing in front of her classmates and answering their questions . "  She was just determined to do it . She wanted to be herself and not cover up and mask who she was . She was very courageous . " The following week , Katarina came to school with a hat instead of a wig . It 's winter in Colorado Springs , and she says her scalp gets cold without something covering it . Sandel says her students are reacting normally to Katarina without her wig . "  I let my first period class ask her questions , and they did n't . Everyone seemed ready to move on , " she said . Looking back at the screening , Katarina is happy with her decision to tell her classmates that she has no hair . "  I want people to like me for me and not what I look like , " Katarina said , "  because that 's how I can find my true friends . "	Katarina Lucardie wanted to stop wearing a wig Her school helped her make a documentary about alopecia Students attended the film 's screening and were able to ask Katarina questions Katarina is happy she told her peers she 's bald and now goes to school without her wig
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- A top court has banned any corporal punishment in schools in Bangladesh , a country where millions of children are exposed to physical abuse , officials said Thursday . Despite official instructions to teachers on alternative approaches to child discipline , many children continue to live in fear of violence in schools , the High Court said . The court said caning , beating , chaining , forced haircuts and confinement are used to punish children in primary and secondary schools as well as in Islamic religious schools , known at madrassas . "  Such punishment is a clear violation of children 's fundamental rights to life and liberty , " said the order handed down by Justices Imman Ali and Sheikh Hasan Arif . They said teachers ' involvement in corporal punishment should be treated as "  misconduct " and asked the government to take action against those teachers . The court judgment followed a public-interest litigation filed by two leading rights groups , Bangladesh Legal Aid and Services Trust and Ain O Shalish Kendra . As the High Court started hearing the rights groups ' petition last July , it asked the government to take steps to stop corporal punishment , noting allegations that a 10-year-old boy had committed suicide after he had been beaten by his teacher . A spokesman in the ministry of education said that in response , it had issued a circular asking teachers to stop physical abuse in schools . "  In fact , teachers are not well-trained and they need deftness to understand child psychology and alternative approaches to child discipline , " Shafiq Rahman , a banker in Dhaka , told CNN . He has a child in the school system . A survey conducted by the United Nations Children Fund , or UNICEF , in Dhaka couple of years ago involving nearly 4,000 families found that 91 percent of children experienced physical abuse in schools . It said the poorer children were more likely to experience physical punishment , with greater frequency and severity , than richer students .	Bangladesh 's High Court bans caning , beating and chaining in schools Justices : "  Such punishment is a clear violation of children 's fundamental rights " The ruling applies to primary and secondary schools as well as Islamic religious schools
CNN  -- Around 200 new species of frogs have been found in Madagascar , one of the world 's biodiversity hotspots . A study has found nearly 200 new species of frogs in Madagascar . A study identified between 129 and 221 new species of frogs on the island . The Spanish Scientific Research Council  CSIC  , who carried out the study , believe the find could practically double the number of amphibians known in the world if the results are extrapolated at a global scale . The study , published in the journal "  Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the USA , " suggests that the number of amphibian species in Madagascar has been significantly underestimated . "  The diversity of species in Madagascar is far from being known and there is still a lot of scientific research to be done . Our data suggest that the number of new species of amphibians not only has been underestimated but it is spatially widespread , even in well studied areas , " said Professor David R. Vieites , CSIC researcher to the press at the Spanish National Natural Sciences Museum in Madrid . "  For example , two of the most visited and studied national parks , Ranomafana and Mantadía / Analamazaotra , harbor 31 and 10 new species respectively . " Dr. Frank Glaw , curator of herpetology at the Zoologische Staatssammlung from Munich was part of the research team : "  During the past 15 years , we discovered and described over 100 new frog species from Madagascar , which led us to believe that our species inventory is almost complete . But as our new surveys show , there are many more species than we suspected , " he said in a press statement . The paper suggests that the total biodiversity on the island could be much higher in other species as well , so the actual destruction of natural habitats may be affecting more animals than previously thought . This has important consequences for conservation planning , as the rate of destruction of rainforests in Madagascar has been one of the highest in the planet , with more than 80 percent of the historic surface of rainforest already lost , according to the study 's authors . Almost a quarter of the new species discovered have not been found yet in protected areas , but the unstable political situation in Madagascar has also been cited as hampering conservation efforts . "  Although a lot of reserves and national parks have been created in Madagascar during the last decade , the actual situation of politic instability is allowing the cut of the forest within national parks , generating a lot of uncertainty about the future of the planned network of protected areas " , said Vieites . Madagascar is the fourth largest island in the world and one of the most biodiverse areas globally , with a high degree of endemic species . "  To get an idea of its biodiversity -- while in the Iberian Peninsula -LSB- there -RSB- are about 30 species of amphibians and in Germany about 20 , in a single locality in Madagascar we can find around 100 species of frogs , " said Vieites . Dr. Miguel Vences , professor at the Technical University of Braunschweig , Germany , who was also part of the study team , and believes that a century of new species discovery is just beginning : "  People think that we know which plant and animal species live on this planet . But the majority of life forms on Earth is still awaiting scientific recognition . "	Nearly 200 new species of amphibians found on biodiversity hotspot of Madagascar Study found many outside of the island 's conservation areas Political instability in the country makes conservation efforts extra difficult
CNN  -- A suspect has been named in the October 2 beating of a blind man , the Philadelphia Police Department said Friday . Mustafa Guyton , 29 , is accused of aggravated assault after he allegedly kicked and stomped the 33-year-old man in Philadelphia 's Southwest Germantown neighborhood , a police news release says . The assault was caught by a surveillance camera , and the Philadelphia Police Department said they released the video in an effort to identify the suspect . The victim was walking down the street around noon on October 2 when the attacker looked in his direction , police said . The grainy video shows the attacker laying down his backpack near a corner shop after he spots the victim . The video goes black , and in the next moment , the victim is pushed to the ground and then repeatedly punched , stomped and kicked as witnesses watch . One man is crosses the street mere steps from the beating , and continues walking . After the attacker finishes , he picks up his backpack and walks away , leaving the victim helpless on the ground with injuries to his head and face , police said . Officer Tanya Little , a Philadelphia police spokeswoman , said it was not clear whether the attacker knew the victim was blind . The victim told police he did not recognize his attacker 's voice .	Mustafa Guyton , 29 , is accused of aggravated assault He allegedly punched , kicked and stomped the 33-year-old victim The assault was caught by a surveillance camera
New York  CNN  -- He called the widow of Roger Maris a few days ago , a surprisingly bold move that surely resulted in one of the most awkward phone conversations this side of Bobby Kennedy-George Wallace . Mark McGwire apparently felt it was the right thing to do . And , indeed , he was correct . Pat Maris deserved to hear the words "  I juiced " straight from the artificially enhanced horse 's mouth ; deserved to know why she and her family had unwittingly served as his official cardboard props some 12 years ago ; why her late husband 's single-season home run mark  arguably the most hallowed standard in all of American sports  had been tattered by a man boasting all the integrity of a Times Square pickpocket . Think back , if you will , to September 8 , 1998 , when McGwire hit his record-breaking 62nd homer of the season at Busch Stadium , then immediately walked toward the stands to embrace the Maris children . Later , with tears streaming down his cheeks , McGwire told the media how , earlier that day , he had held the bat Roger Maris used when he set the old mark . "  I touched it with my heart , " he said . "  When I did that , I knew tonight was going to be the night . I can say my bat will lie next to his , and I 'm damn proud of it . " By all accounts , back then Pat Maris thought the large humanoid erasing her late husband from the record books to be an honorable fellow , one worthy of holding such a distinguished mark . And now ? "  I think she was shocked when I called , " McGwire said yesterday in his interview with Bob Costas on the MLB Network . "  She was disappointed and she has every right to be . " In case you have n't received the official memo , protocol dictates this as the time when we 're supposed to forgive , forget and move forward . Yes , Mark McGwire used steroids and human growth hormone . Yes , it was against the law . Yes , they are termed performance-enhancing drugs for a reason . But in the world of Major League Baseball , where the phrase "  manning up " is traditionally applied to an athlete playing through pain or putting on a particularly clutch display , a new , steroid-era definition has been established : Manning Up  verb  : When someone is caught cheating and , following a lengthy period of silence and/or denial , has no choice but to vaguely express remorse/regret or suffer unofficial banishment and a lifetime of Holiday Inn banquet room autograph shows for $ 15 a pop alongside Erin Moran and the robot girl from Small Wonder . The fawning sports media will immediately compliment his courage and welcome him back with open arms . So , like Jason Giambi and Andy Pettitte and Alex Rodriguez before him , Mark McGwire finally "  manned up . " Twelve years after shattering Maris ' record , five years after his embarrassing , I 'm - not-here-to-discuss-the-past congressional testimony , the deflated Paul Bunyan of baseball told us that he used PED , and that he was very , very wrong . Well , very wrong . Well , pretty wrong . Well , sorta wrong . Well , uh , not really wrong at all . Between the tears and sniffles and awkward pauses , McGwire apologized for , ahem , nothing . Costas asked whether he thought he would have hit 70 home runs without steroids . "  Absolutely , " McGwire said . "  I was given this gift by the man upstairs . " Costas asked whether the steroids made him stronger . "  The only reason I took steroids was for my health purposes , " McGwire said . "  I did not take steroids to get any gain for any strength purposes . " Costas asked which drugs he had used . "  The names , " McGwire said , "  I do n't remember . " Heck , Costas tossed the ultimate underhand softball question , just to help a guy out -- Did McGwire feel as if he was cheating ? "  As I look back now as far as my health and my injuries , trying to help my injuries to help me feel normal , I can see why people would say that , " he said . "  As far as the God-given talent and hand-eye coordination and the genetics I was given , I do n't see it . " And there lies the reason I have trouble forgiving and forgetting : Mark McGwire does n't see it . By using PED , he did n't merely take Maris ' record . No , McGwire made millions in endorsements that should have gone elsewhere . He was selected to All-Star Games that should have featured other players . He won Sports Illustrated 's Sportsman of the Year as other candidates were overlooked . He convinced a nation of baseball fans that they were witnessing history -- real , honest-to-goodness history -- when , in fact , it was all a WWE-styled illusion . Pat Maris received her phone call . Will you be getting yours ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman says Mark McGwire owed  and delivered  apology to Roger Maris ' wife , Pat He says steroid user apologies have given a new , ignoble , meaning to "  manning up " Even Costas ' questions could n't get McGwire to show grasp of offense , he says Pearlman : McGwire still does n't see what he did
CNN  -- Scott Brown knows how to stay in the spotlight . And for a politician who 's sitting on the sidelines , possibly waiting to make his next move , staying in the spotlight is smart politics . Some out-of-office politicians write books , some host cable TV or radio talk shows or serve as pundits . Brown 's following a different playbook . The former U.S. senator from Massachusetts , who recently moved to New Hampshire and is considering a GOP challenge this year to Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , is once again in the headlines . Brown jammed on stage this past weekend at a concert in Lynn , Massachusetts , with longtime rock group Cheap Trick , joining the band in playing "  Surrender , " one of its biggest hits from the 1970s . "  Hope you all enjoy this as much as I did , " he said in a Facebook post , which links to the YouTube video of Brown singing and playing guitar . The story played across New Hampshire and Massachusetts , and grabbed some national coverage as well . This was the second high-profile jam session for Brown , who started to play guitar about year ago . In December , he rocked with his daughter , Ayla , of "  American Idol " fame , and Mike Huckabee on the former Arkansas governor and 2008 GOP presidential candidate 's Fox News Channel program . A few weeks ago , Brown made the front page of the "  Union Leader , " New Hampshire 's largest newspaper , as he stripped down to his bathing suit for the annual Penguin plunge at Hampton Beach . The event raises money for the Special Olympics . Brown famously stripped down years before , as a Cosmopolitan centerfold during his years as a law school student . From the State House to Capitol Hill In January 2010 , the little-known Republican state senator in Massachusetts pulled an upset in a special election to serve the final three years of the late Democratic Sen. Ted Kennedy 's term . Brown lost his 2012 re-election bid to Democratic challenger Elizabeth Warren . Since leaving Capitol Hill , Brown took an on-air contributor gig at Fox News , served as a colonel in the Army National Guard 's office at the Pentagon , and is an attorney at the global law firm of Nixon Peabody , which has offices in Boston . Last year , he passed on running in a special election in Massachusetts to fill the term of John Kerry , who left the Senate to become secretary of state . And at the time , Brown also announced that he would n't make a 2014 bid for an open governor 's seat in the Bay State . Brown last year made a number of speaking appearances at GOP events in the Granite State . And last fall , in another hint about a possible run for the Senate in New Hampshire , Brown dropped the ` MA ' from his Twitter handle . A few months later , he sold his home in the Bay State and moved his residency north to New Hampshire . A brand name Brown 's well known in New England , which gives him many advantages . "  He can be an undeclared candidate and make news . He does n't need to build his name ID , " a Republican strategist who 's been in contact with Brown told CNN . "  That gives him the luxury to wait longer than a new and unknown candidate . He already has a brand name and has the ability to raise resources to launch a campaign , " the strategist said . Brian Walsh , a GOP strategist and communications director for the National Republican Senatorial Committee the past two election cycles , said Brown 's cementing his image as a regular guy . "  The main reasons candidates announce early is to raise money , boost name ID and to have an edge in their party 's primary . But Scott Brown already enjoys the unique position where those are n't necessarily major factors if he decides to run in a state with a late September primary and where he 's already well-known and well-liked among many New Hampshire voters , " Walsh said . Brown 's strong name ID is definitely a plus , but it also may be a minus . After a couple of outside conservative groups ran TV commercials in support of Brown , Shaheen started fundraising off the threat of a Brown entry into the race . And some outside pro-Democratic groups targeted Brown , including the Senate Majority PAC , which went up with attack ads , charging that he 's a favorite of the Wall Street crowd . Will Brown run ? The strategist in contact with Brown , who asked to remain anonymous to speak freely , says Brown 's looking to make a decision about a Senate bid in the next few weeks . "  I think he understands the opportunity in 2014 to win , but he 's facing a number of family concerns that are weighing on this decision . I think he is genuinely conflicted and he first needs to figure out if he has the ability to run a political campaign given the family concerns . Among those concerns is his mother 's in declining health . Plus , he 's helping to plan two weddings right now , as both of his daughters are getting married this summer , " the source said . Some New Hampshire Republicans who at first did n't take Brown 's flirtations seriously have changed their minds . "  I 've gone from a skeptic to a convert on the possibility of a Brown candidacy . He appears to be considering this race very seriously , which clearly makes Sen. Shaheen and her team nervous . His favorable poll numbers plus the activist encouragement he is receiving only helps , " GOP strategist Jim Merrill told CNN . "  Either way , voters hope he decides soon as they 're anxious for the primary field to be set , with other GOP candidates out there working hard , " added Merrill , who was a senior adviser for Mitt Romney 's 2012 presidential campaign . As Brown continues to mull his options , CNN has confirmed he will speak next month at the Northeast Republican Leadership Conference , a high-profile event in New Hampshire . This latest move keeps Brown in the spotlight , and sparks more speculation he 'll run for Senate . As Brown continues to mull his options , CNN confirmed on Tuesday that he will speak next month at the Northeast Republican Leadership Conference , a high profile event in New Hampshire . This latest move by Brown keeps him in the spotlight , and sparks more speculation that he 'll run for the Senate . Scott Brown in 2016 : Why not ?	Most sidelined politicians write books , do talk show rounds or become a pundit Former Sen. Scott Brown has been showing up to jam with likes of Cheap Trick Brown moved from Massachusetts to New Hampshire , where he 's considering a Senate run
CNN  -- Former President Clinton on Monday complained about attacks from Sen. Barack Obama on Sen. Hillary Clinton in the latest back-and-forth bickering between the two rival Democratic presidential campaigns . Obama accuses Clinton of rewriting history in her complaints about his voting record on Iraq . "  I 've got before me a list of 80 attacks on Hillary that are quite personal by Sen. Obama and his campaign going back six months that I 've had pulled , " he said , speaking to CNN contributor Roland Martin on WVON-AM 's "  The Roland S. Martin Show " based in Chicago , Illinois . At a campaign rally Monday in Reno , Nevada , Obama said he is "  concerned about the tenor the campaign has taken in the last couple days . " "  I think that I may disagree with Sen. Clinton or Sen. Edwards on how to get things done , but we share the same goals . We 're all democrats , we all believe in civil rights , we all believe in equal rights , " said Obama . "  I think they 're good people , they are patriots and they are running because they think they can lead this country to a better place and I do n't want the campaign in this stage to degenerate into so much tit-for-tat back-and-forth that we lose sight of why all of us are doing this . " Obama also warned his supporters to play fair . "  If I hear my own supporters engaging in talk that I think is ungenerous or misleading or in some way is unfair then I will speak out forcefully against them and I hope the other campaigns take the same approach , " he said . A recording of comments Sunday by Black Entertainment Television founder Bob Johnson that appeared to criticize Obama 's admitted past drug use were played on Martin 's show . Johnson later said he was referring to Obama 's community organizing efforts . "  When you listen to that tone and the inflection , he was not talking about community organizing . It seemed to be very clear what he was implying , " Martin said . The former president said Johnson needs to be "  taken at his word , " adding that "  nobody knew " what he would say and "  it was n't part of any planned strategy . " Watch Martin 's take on the interview " "  This , to me , is another example of -LSB- the Obama campaign -RSB- wanting a double standard , " he said . Watch the latest on the war of words " Clinton went on to say comments from Obama 's campaign in the aftermath of former Pakistan Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto 's assassination were "  a lot worse " than what Johnson said . Obama 's campaign implied that some of Hillary Clinton 's foreign policy decisions helped exacerbate problems in Pakistan . The ex-president called the attack "  appalling " and said his wife did not try to turn it into a larger issue , but instead "  said ' I disagree ' and moved on . " Hillary Clinton did respond then , saying she regretted that Obama 's campaign "  would be politicizing this tragedy , and especially at a time when we do need to figure out a way forward . " Johnson , a Hillary Clinton supporter , made his remarks Sunday at Columbia College in South Carolina , a state with a large share of African-American voters that holds its Democratic primary on January 26 . Hillary Clinton also has accused Obama 's campaign of distorting recent remarks by her and her husband that have touched off concerns among some African-American voters . Johnson said he has held fund-raisers for Obama but was unhappy with criticisms of the former first lady by Obama 's campaign . "  As an African-American , I 'm frankly insulted that the Obama campaign would imply that we are so stupid that we would think Bill and Hillary Clinton , who have been deeply and emotionally involved in black issues when Barack Obama was doing something in the neighborhood that -- I wo n't say what he was doing , but he said it in his book , " Johnson said while campaigning at the largely black Northminster Presbyterian Church in Columbia , South Carolina . In Obama 's recently reprinted 1995 book , "  Dreams from My Father , " the future presidential candidate writes he was once headed in the direction of a "  junkie " and a "  pothead . " In December , Clinton personally apologized to Obama after her New Hampshire campaign co-chairman raised the issue . The adviser resigned amid the controversy that followed . Johnson later Sunday said his remarks referred "  to Barack Obama 's time spent as a community organizer , and nothing else . Any other suggestion is simply irresponsible and incorrect . " The Clinton and Obama camps are locked in an increasingly heated battle for black voters in South Carolina . Watch what race has to do with the Democratic nomination " Former South Carolina state Rep. "  I.S. " Leevy Johnson , an Obama supporter , called on Hillary Clinton to disavow Johnson 's remarks . "  It 's offensive that Sen. Clinton literally stood by and said nothing as another one of her campaign 's top supporters launched a personal , divisive attack on Barack Obama , " he said in a statement released by Obama 's campaign . "  For someone who decries the politics of personal destruction , she should 've immediately denounced these attacks on the spot . " Sunday 's flare-up capped a weekend of sparring between the two camps that began with Clinton 's comments last week that while the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. led the civil rights movement , "  Dr. King 's dream began to be realized when President Lyndon Johnson passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . It took a president to get it done . " Watch what Clinton says about Obama , King and the civil rights movement " Some African-American leaders criticized the remarks as dismissive of the civil rights movement and of King , who was assassinated in 1968 . On Sunday , Obama described Clinton 's comments as "  ill-advised " but rejected any suggestion that his campaign has been behind the complaints . "  For them to somehow suggest that we 're interjecting race as a consequence of a statement she made , that we have n't commented on , is pretty hard to figure out , " he said . And the third leading Democrat , former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina , said Clinton was suggesting "  that real change ... came not through the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King but through a Washington politician . " Edwards won the South Carolina primary in 2004 . Speaking Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Clinton said Obama 's backers were distorting her remarks and called King "  one of the people I admire most in the world . " And Sunday , at the Presbyterian church , Clinton said it was "  historic " that both a black man and a woman were serious contenders for the White House . "  I am so proud of my party . I am so proud of my country , and I am so proud of Sen. Barack Obama because together we have presented our cases to the people , " she said . Obama also accused her of "  rewriting " history in her complaints about his voting record on Iraq . Former President Clinton last week criticized Obama 's statements over the years about Iraq , arguing the senator has not been consistent . Obama has said his positions are consistent and that he has always staunchly opposed the war . "  She started her campaign saying she wanted to make history and has been spending a lot of time rewriting it , " he said Sunday . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Ex-President Clinton speaks out in latest back-and-forth between campaigns BET founder Bob Johnson seems to criticize past drug use by Barack Obama Obama supporter calls on Hillary Clinton to disavow Johnson 's comments Clinton accuses Obama camp of distorting her remarks on civil rights
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's government has dropped charges against six health workers accused of dispersing AIDS/HIV drugs without appropriate documentation . "  The state is withdrawing charges against the accused , " Chris Mutangadura , a senior lawyer with Zimbabwe 's attorney general , told a Harare magistrate court Wednesday . Four Americans , a New Zealander , and a Zimbabwean were arrested in Harare two weeks ago . Police had accused the American health workers of dispensing AIDS drugs without proper registration and licences , claims they flatly denied . Before their arrest , the U.S. health workers had been working in Zimbabwe for almost a decade on HIV/AIDs projects and were given a farm by the government to operate from in Mutoko , about 200 kilometers east of Harare . They have numerous patients , most of whom were AIDS orphans , at the farm . They also operated an AIDS clinic in Harare . The Americans belong to the Allen Temple Baptist Church AIDS Ministry in Oakland , California . The church serves a predominantly African-American congregation . Three or four times a year since 2000 , members have paid their own way to Zimbabwe to give antiretroviral medicine , vitamins , clothing and food baskets to impoverished people with AIDS . "  The AG has been sympathetic to them because they are assisting the public , " said Jonathan Samukange their lawyer as he left the magistrate court with his clients . The Americans are Dr. Anthony Jones , nurses David Greenberg and Gregory Miller , and Allen Temple Baptist Church AIDS Ministry administrator Gloria Cox-Crowell . They were working with two other doctors -- Reid Andrew Cheyne of New Zealand and Tembinkosi Ncomanzi of Zimbabwe .	The four Americans were from a California AIDS ministry Two others were from Zimbabwe and New Zealand They have operations in Harare and Mutoko
CNN  -- In six days , the United States government 's borrowing authority will be exhausted . If Congress does not act to extend the debt limit , the Treasury Department will be left with only its cash on hand -- estimated to be about $ 30 billion -- and whatever revenues it takes in each day . Because the government is running a deficit , available cash will be insufficient to cover the millions of payments the Treasury makes each day -- to men and women in our armed forces , veterans , Social Security and Medicare beneficiaries , federal employees and retirees , businesses that provide goods and services to the nation , and many others . Even if Congress opts to pass a temporary extension , the threat of default will hang over the economy until a longer-term solution is adopted . What does this really mean for the economy , and what does it mean for you ? Congress has never in our history failed to extend the debt limit , so no one knows for sure what would happen if , as some Republicans are now advocating , we tried to operate the government with insufficient funds and no ability to borrow . It has long been the view of economists , business leaders and the Treasury Department that such a scenario could set in motion a financial crisis . Presidents and secretaries of the Treasury of both parties have urged Congress never to take that risk . Ronald Reagan himself once said , "  Unfortunately , Congress consistently brings the government to the edge of default before facing its responsibility . This brinkmanship threatens the holders of government bonds and those who rely on Social Security and veterans benefits . Interest rates would skyrocket , instability would occur in financial markets , and the federal deficit would soar . The United States has a special responsibility to itself and the world to meet its obligations . It means we have a well-earned reputation for reliability and credibility , two things that set us apart from much of the world . " Reagan 's view is widely held , but some Republicans -- dubbed "  default deniers " -- now argue that the debt limit deadline can be ignored without serious harm . They have urged the President to continue paying interest on the national debt using available cash and then avoid or delay paying other obligations . Although it 's not possible to disprove either theory , the default deniers overlook an important problem : Paying interest on the debt would not protect the Treasury against what 's called "  rollover risk . " That 's the risk that investors would decide , amid the crisis atmosphere generated by a failure to raise the debt limit , to cash out their maturing Treasury bonds instead of reinvesting  or "  rolling over "  their proceeds into new Treasuries , as they usually do . This would be reminiscent of the famous bank scene at the end of "  It 's a Wonderful Life , " only on a huge and frightening scale . About $ 100 billion in Treasury securities mature each week , so if investors decided to put their money elsewhere , Treasury 's available cash would be nowhere near enough to cash those jittery investors out . In those circumstances , the U.S. would default on both principal and interest payments , and the economic consequences would be swift and severe . To the extent that we were able to continue borrowing , investors would demand higher interest rates on Treasuries .  These rates have already begun to rise as the impasse in Washington has worsened .  Since Treasury rates are benchmarks for other lending , loans for homes , cars and other needs would become more expensive , and it would become harder to qualify to borrow . Consumer and business confidence would suffer . As in the last financial crisis , falling confidence would have ripple effects , affecting other markets including the short-term lending used by companies to finance themselves . This would all dampen economic growth , which is still not as strong as we would like in the wake of the last crisis . The stock market would weaken , and retirement savings would dip . And of course unemployment would rise . Meanwhile , the inability to pay the rest of the government 's regular obligations in full or on time would be spreading its own hardship across the economy . There is no way to know how bad these conditions would get or how far the financial contagion would spread , but it seems safe to say that no good could come from tempting such a fate . The question is : Why in the world would we ever choose to take that risk ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark A. Patterson .	In six days , the United States government 's borrowing authority will be exhausted Mark Patterson : A U.S. default could set in motion a financial crisis of global scale He says "  default deniers " in the GOP are overlooking serious risks and problems Patterson : Default would have ripple effect on stock market , businesses and economy
CNN  -- The board of Jamaica 's Anti-Doping Commission  JADCO  resigned after several of the Caribbean nation 's sprinters were caught cheating earlier this year and a former head of the body highlighted a lack of testing . Jamaica 's minister responsible for sport , Natalie Neita Headley , announced the news while also saying her country vowed to step up the fight against drug cheats . The resignations take effect at the end of 2013 . "  Quite recently , JADCO 's commissioners met and acknowledged that there is a public perception of the existence of conflicts of interests among some of the members of the commission , " Headley said in a statement posted on the website of the Office of the Prime Minister . Even though Jamaicans Usain Bolt and Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce were named male and female athletes of the year , respectively , by track and field 's governing body last week , ex world-record holder Asafa Powell and Sherone Simpson made the wrong type of headlines when they admitted to testing positive for banned substances in July . Three-time Olympic gold medalist Veronica Campbell-Brown tested positive , too , although she was cleared to return by officials in Jamaica who deemed she did n't intend to enhance performance through taking a banned diuretic . Members of the World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  examined JADCO 's operations last month and Headley said Jamaica would give its "  full support " to stiffer revisions to the WADA code expected to come into play in 2015 . In August , Renee Anne Shirley -- the former executive director of JADCO -- told Sports Illustrated that JADCO conducted a mere one out-of-competition test from March to July 2012 , the months leading into the summer Olympics in London . "  At no time has WADA ever deemed Jamaica or JADCO to be non-compliant , " Headley said . "  At no time has WADA threatened to bar Jamaica or Jamaican athletes from participating in any international event â $ " Olympic Games , World Championship or the like . "  As we continue to build on this rich sporting legacy , the Government of Jamaica will continue to do whatever it can to protect our good name and reputation and in the maintenance of a doping-free sporting environment . "	The entire board of the under-fire Jamaican Anti-Doping Commission resigns The resignations come after several sprinters failed drug tests this year Those caught included the high-profile pair of Veronica Campbell-Brown and Asafa Powell A former head of the commission said few drug tests were carried out in early 2012
CNN  -- In a message to Pope Francis , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad said his government is ready to participate in next month 's peace talks but noted outside countries must stop supporting what he called terrorist groups in the country 's civil war , Syria 's state-run news agency said Saturday . Al-Assad sent the message through intermediaries and expressed appreciation for how the Pope on Christmas urged an end to the violence and suffering in Syria , state-run SANA reported . "  The message also highlighted that stopping terrorism requires having the countries which are involved in supporting the armed terrorist groups stop providing any sort of military , logistic or training support , noting that this support was provided by some of Syria 's neighbors and other known countries in the Middle East and abroad , " SANA said . The Syrian president 's message said that "  the crisis will be solved through national dialogue among the Syrians and under a Syrian leadership without foreign intervention as to enable the Syrians to determine their future and leadership through ballots . " The message was delivered during a meeting between Syrian Minister of State Joseph Sweid and the Pope 's secretary of state , Archbishop Pietro Parolin , SANA said . Parolin told Sweid that the pope "  is constantly following the situation in Syria " and "  Pope Francis affirms the need to solve the crisis in Syria through dialogue among the Syrians without foreign intervention , " SANA said . The papacy confirmed the communique , saying the Syrian leader 's "  delegation brought a message from President Assad to the Holy Father and explained the position of the Syrian government , " the Vatican 's website said . The Syrian presidency 's Twitter account also posted details about the message to the pope , saying that the Syrian people "  are the only rightful owners in deciding on his future through their choices at the ballot boxes . " Al-Assad 's dispatch to the pope comes before a United Nations-brokered peace conference that will be held in Geneva between the Syrian government and opposition beginning January 22 . Next month 's talks are called Geneva II , a follow-up to a June 2012 meeting in which international parties laid out a peace plan that calls for a transitional government body in a civil war that began in March 2011 . The Geneva I meeting left open the question of whether al-Assad must leave office . "  The message stressed the Syrian government 's readiness to participate in the international conference on Syria ` Geneva 2 , ' highlighting that combating the terrorism that targets citizens is a decisive factor in making any peaceful solution to the crisis a success , " SANA reported from the Vatican . Meanwhile , a U.N.-related mission said Saturday it 's likely to miss a December 31 deadline for removing important chemicals from the country , but overall it 's making "  important progress " in eliminating chemical weapons in Syria . The mission blamed the delay on "  the continuing volatility in overall security conditions " and on "  Logistical challenges coupled with inclement weather . " Syria 's chemical weapons are targeted for removal and elimination by the end of June 2014 , said the Joint Mission of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and the United Nations . "  Preparations continue in readiness for the transport of most of the critical chemical material from the Syrian Arab Republic for outside destruction . However , at this stage , transportation of the most critical chemical material before 31 December is unlikely , " the mission said . The Syrian civil war continued to its death toll Saturday when at least 25 people in a rebel-held area of the Syrian city of Aleppo were killed in an airstrike , a Syrian opposition group said . Government helicopters dropped barrel bombs striking a vegetable market and and an area near a hospital in the neighborhood of Tariq Al-Bab , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said in statement . Women and children were among the dead , the group said . The regime of al-Assad has been accused of dropping barrel bombs -- drums packed with explosives and shrapnel -- on Aleppo . The opposition Local Coordination Committees said hundreds have been killed in the city this month . CNN can not independently verify daily death tolls , but the United Nations says well over 100,000 people have been killed in Syria since 2011 . CNN 's Slma Shelbayah and Khushbu Shah contributed to this report .	President al-Assad says foreign support of terrorists in civil war must end "  The crisis will be solved through national dialogue among the Syrians , " he adds Vatican tells envoy the Pope "  is constantly following the situation in Syria " A U.N. mission will miss a deadline on removing chemical weapon materials
The University of Massachusetts Amherst and its alumnus Bill Cosby have split ways amid allegations of sexual assault and rape . At least 15 women have spoken out to various media outlets accusing the comedian of sexual misconduct . "  Bill Cosby has agreed to resign as an honorary co-chair of UMass Amherst 's capital campaign . He no longer has any affiliation with the campaign nor does he serve in any other capacity for the university , " said Ed Blaguszewski , a spokesman for the school . Cosby got his master 's and doctorate in education from the university in the 1970s . Many of the women accusing Cosby say he drugged them before he raped them . Some of the alleged attacks took place decades ago . The 77-year-old comedian has denied some of the allegations and refused to discuss others . He has never been prosecuted . The accusations have taken their toll on Cosby 's reputation as the beloved Dr. Huxtable -- the sweet , sweater-wearing father on the sitcom , "  The Cosby Show . " They 've also hit his earnings , as Netflix postponed a stand-up comedy special and NBC also decided against moving forward with a Cosby project . A lawyer for Cosby has called the increasing number of claims of sexual assault against the comedian "  ridiculous " and said the media should stop airing "  unsubstantiated , fantastical stories . " Martin D. Singer said in a written statement sent to CNN that it defies common sense that "  so many people would have said nothing , done nothing , and made no reports to law enforcement or asserted civil claims if they thought they had been assaulted over a span of so many years . " One of Cosby 's accusers , Andrea Constand , did file a civil suit . In January 2004 , Constand , then a 31-year-old staffer for the women 's basketball team at Temple University -- Cosby 's alma mater -- was at the comedian 's Cheltenham , Pennsylvania , home when Cosby provided her medication that made her dizzy , she alleged the following year . She later woke up to find her bra undone and her clothes in disarray , she further alleged to police in her home province of Ontario , Canada , in January 2005 . Though Cosby 's attorney initially called Constand 's claim "  utterly preposterous " and no charges were filed , Cosby settled a civil suit with Constand that alleged 13 Jane Does had similar stories of sexual abuse . When Cosby attorney John Schmitt sent out a blanket denial of several allegations that have cropped up recently , he later amended his denial to say he was n't referring to Constand , who resolved her differences "  to the mutual satisfaction of Mr. Cosby and Ms. Constand years ago . " Ex-prosecutor wanted to charge Bill Cosby but lacked evidence	Bill Cosby "  agreed to resign as an honorary co-chair of UMass Amherst 's capital campaign " At least 15 women are speaking out , accusing the comedian of sexual misconduct Cosby has either denied or declined to address the allegations
CNN  -- Jumping on the social media bandwagon , chief White House photographer Pete Souza has joined Instagram to give us what we all expect to find on the photo sharing site -- photos of sunsets , food and dogs . Well , you can find a few of the classic Instagram subjects interspersed with portraits of whatever helicopter or plane they are flying that day , and portraits of the president in meetings and giving speeches . Souza , who joined two weeks ago , made his debut with a photo of the presidential seal on the Air Force One on July 24 , promising to show "  behind-the-scenes of the Presidency . " His next post was of fruit on the plane . Souza told Time.com that he would only be shooting on his iPhone . "  Since my primary function will always be photographing with my regular cameras , the Instagram photos will be more from situations away from the primary action , " he said . Souza 's favorite filter is no filter , though he 's used Lo-Fi a few times , he said . Of the first 24 photos posted , three include the Obamas ' dog , Bo . "  I love Bo especially because we 're both of Portuguese descent . That said , photographing a dog with black hair is certainly a challenge , " he said . It 's doubtful that we 'll see a selfie from Souza , he said . Follow first lady Michelle Obama , White House as well as Souza on Instagram .	Chief White House photographer Pete Souza joins Instagram on June 24 His first photo is of the presidential seal on the Air Force One He says he will only post photos taken on his iPhone He does n't plan to post selfies
CNN  -- Monday night 's tribute to Robin Williams at the Emmy Awards was moving and powerful and funny , like the man himself . When I first heard the news about Williams ' apparent suicide , like millions of his fans , I felt heartbroken . He was so brave , talented , funny and brilliant . What a loss of a great actor and a great man . In days that followed , I learned that Williams had been battling severe depression . This brought back memories of my own battle with depression many years ago when I was a teenager . I never told anyone about it because I was terrified that I would be judged . But the time has come for me to share this with my family , friends and the world . Earlier this year when I read that six students from a high school in Virginia committed suicide during a three-year period , my eyes welled with tears and I felt incredibly sad . I knew I could not remain silent anymore . I did n't want to read about another student taking his own life who had to deal with the same intense , complicated challenges that I dealt with . I called the school district and was invited to speak at its Teen Suicide Prevention Summit . I felt humbled and honored , and scared at the same time . After speaking at the summit , guests of all ages lined the aisle to tell me how my message gave them hope . In essence , what I shared in that speech was that depression can be overcome , but it takes a village . You never know what sharing your concern may mean to someone in pain . My pastor recently told me I have become a living testimony of how a support network can help others find rest in the midst of storm . Living life as a husband , a father and a journalist assigned to overnight shifts is not easy . Even the best of us will be tested to their limits . Some days , I do n't know if I 'm getting it right at all . Those who suffer depression have it tough . I would like to share how I found hope in the midst of my storm . I created a system for myself to remain focused , LASER focused , on staying free from storm . For young people who face storms of their own , here 's my story . I was that kid , in the midst of storm . I am the son of proud immigrant parents who drilled into me a sense of duty to repay the opportunity afforded me . With American "  success " comes the responsibility to accept the full weight of their dreams of a better life for their children . I thank my parents for setting standards that stay with me to this day . My parents moved us to a nice D.C. suburban neighborhood surrounded by opportunity , but it was isolating . At age 16 , I fell into a deep and dark emotional hole . The stress of school , sports and assimilation became too much to bear . I felt guilty for wanting to abandon my cultural heritage . I stopped feeling loved . I quit caring . I would later learn that this despair I felt was actually a suffering from depression . But at the time , I only knew that I was in unimaginable darkness and loneliness , even if I were surrounded by people . Going public with depression One day after school , I was at home babysitting my napping , 7-year-old sister . I became overwhelmed with anxiety . Tears rolled down my face . I was scared , but did n't know what I would do . I picked up the phone and called a classmate named Lori Lee . I do n't recall exactly what I said , but I know I was at my end . She listened intently . After we hung up , she called a teacher , Mrs. Jo Henry , in my high school and within minutes Jo appeared on my doorstep . Suddenly , I was not alone . She called my parents , and suddenly I was surrounded by a village . A village that gave me the courage not to hide from them my pain . I held on to that village and never looked back . I used those experiences to form a list of guiding principles that I have honed through life that I use to weather those everyday storms of life . I call it the LASER system . LASER is an acronym for Listen , Assess , Support , Execute and Respond . It 's designed to provide a systematic , positive and consistent approach to help individuals endure challenges and perform through stress . Mental health help : Where to turn In my role at CNN as a Senior News Editor , I help decide what gets covered . Unfortunately , all too frequently , I cover stories of youngsters , professional athletes and personalities who did n't find a way out of despair and die tragically . Robin Williams , sadly , is one of many on the list . The common thread we often learn in those cases is that there was no village . There was no network . There was no one there to Listen and Act , to show them that life is full of possibilities and promise , and there are people who love them . That they have value . I write to reach those who find themselves slipping , and to urge those around them to help . You can manage through crisis . How ? Listen  intently to when someone is in trouble Assess  what the problem could be Support  the person to live and dream Execute  a plan to get help Respond  if initial actions do n't help The first letter in each of the words just mentioned forms the word laser , like a beam of light that can help you in the dark . I was on the verge of being defeated more times than I care to count . At each challenge , I found a way out of the storm with the village . I was armed with a LASER focus that in life I am not alone , that storms come and go . Can you be a part of a village to someone ? Can you be their haven from storms ? The difference begins with you . Each and every one of you . To anyone who might be struggling -- you 're not alone . Struggle is natural . It 's OK to be afraid . It 's OK to hurt . What 's not OK is keeping those feelings to yourself . It takes courage to share those feelings . Reach out to your village . To those around someone who 's struggling , know that it took me 10 years to fully share with my school friend how her single , simple act of making a phone call to a caring teacher set a chain of events that changed the course of my life . Who would have thought that that kid who struggled to succeed academically and socially then would be flourishing at arguably the most prestigious and influential media organization in the world ? I thank God every day that someone showed up with an umbrella in the midst of my storm , and gave me a haven , and that a village came to make me believe in my promise and my purpose , and that I can look in the mirror every day now with LASER focus , with hope , in spite of the storms , and use my principles to live and thrive . My heart goes out to Robin Williams ' wife and family . For all those who are struggling with depression , do n't slip into the darkness , because it does n't have to be that way .	Rick Martin : When I heard the news about Robin Williams ' death I felt heartbroken Martin : It brought back memories of my own battle with depression as a youth He says depression is overwhelming , but it can be overcome - it takes a village Martin : Do n't be afraid to share your feelings , ask for help and reach out for support
