CNN  -- If you ca n't recall everything you loved and hated about 2012 , Facebook , Twitter and Google all just released their year-in-review reports . And all three reflect what many of us experienced firsthand : Thousands of strangers gathering to watch a rover land on Mars and a man fall from space . A hurricane slamming the East Coast while the world watched tragedy strike and heroes emerge . Social media , combined with the ability to search and surface information almost instantly , repeatedly brought Internet users together to huddle around the virtual campfire , sharing their stories through image , text and sound . ` Gangnam Style ' to ` Kony 2012 : ' This year 's top viral videos Whitney Houston 's accidental drowning death was Google 's top search trend , generated more than 10 million tweets and was the third-biggest event on Facebook in 2012 . Hurricane Sandy generated more than 20 million tweets , was the fourth biggest event on Facebook and was the top trending event of 2012 on Google . Politics and political gaffes  remember Big Bird ?  were top news trends on Google . Google defines trends as those searches with the highest amount of traffic over a sustained period in 2012 when compared to 2011 . Although social media and search engines serve different purposes , both ultimately reveal what the world is talking about . More than two-thirds of American adults online now use social media regularly , according to a recent study by the Pew Internet & American Life Project . More women than men are social media users , which could explain how "  Fifty Shades of Grey " wound up as the fourth most-read book of the year on Facebook . More than 90 % of adults aged 18-29 are on social media , so it should n't surprise anyone that the "  Hunger Games " series accounted for the top three most-read books and the No. 1 movie among members of Facebook . Trends on Twitter seemed to reflect a more diverse demographic . Its most popular tweets came from President Barack Obama celebrating "  Four More Years , " Justin Bieber mourning the loss of a young cancer patient and frustrated NFL player TJ Lang ranting about the league 's replacement refs . Overall trends in the U.S. seemed to reflect a natural curiosity about the new , with top "  What Is " trends being SOPA , KONY , Yolo and "  What is Instagram ? " For more on the trends : Twitter : 2012 Year on Twitter Google : Google Zeitgeist 2012 Facebook : 2012 Year in Review	Facebook , Twitter and Google all just released their year-in-review reports Top trends : Superstorm Sandy , Whitney Houston More than two-thirds of American adults who are online now use social media regularly
CNN  -- Amid talk of a possible nuclear bomb test , North Korea vowed Tuesday to carry out a "  high-intensity , all-out action . " The promise emerged from a meeting of the ruling Workers ' Party and was reported by the state-run news agency KCNA . "  It emphasized the necessity to continue on with launching artificial satellites ... and long-range rockets , " the agency reported . It also said that the party leadership promised to "  stage a high-intensity , all-out action , and maximize its preparation ... so that just after an order is issued , we can destroy and sweep America and the South Korean puppet army , and achieve the historic achievement of reunified Korea . " Last month , the U.N. Security Council voted to tighten sanctions on Pyongyang , after the North launched a satellite aboard a long-range rocket in December . The North Koreans responded by announcing they planned another nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches as part of a new phase of confrontation with the United States . Since then , U.S. officials have told CNN they believe a nuclear test could come at any time . "  I do n't think there 's anything special to it , except that it comes in context of renewed trash-talking from Pyongyang . But on whole it 's part and parcel of their threats to engage in more provocations , " a senior U.S. administration official said about Tuesday 's announcement . North Korea has conducted two previous nuclear tests , in 2006 and 2009 , and proclaimed itself a "  nuclear state " in 2012 . U.S. analysts believe the 2006 test had a yield of about 1 kiloton -- comparable to the explosive power of about 1,000 tons of TNT -- while the second was roughly 2 kilotons , National Intelligence Director James Clapper told a Senate committee in 2012 . By comparison , the bomb the United States dropped on Hiroshima in 1945 was roughly 15 kilotons . CNN 's Elise Labott and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's part and parcel of their threats to engage in more provocations , " says U.S. official U.S. officials say a new North Korean nuclear test could come at any time North Korea has conducted two previous nuclear tests , in 2006 and 2009
CNN  -- The first round of Spanish league season this weekend has been called off due to a strike by players from the top two divisions . It means Barcelona 's opening match at Malaga in their defense of their La Liga title will be postponed . Arch-rivals Real Madrid were due to play Athletic Bilboa in their opener . The two were involved in an explosive second leg of the Spanish Super Cup on Wednesday , won 3-2 by Barcelona and 5-4 on overall aggregate , but must now wait to begin their league campaigns . Talks between the Professional Football League  LFP   and the Association of Spanish Footballers  AFE  broke down Friday , both sides announced . The LFP confirmed in a statement on its website that "  the opening weekend of fixtures in the Liga BBVA and Liga Adelante , which was due to be played this weekend has been postponed . " An earlier posting had stated that the strike was "  absolutely unjustified and futile " , arguing that the two sides were in "  80 percent agreement " over a deal . But LFP chairman Jose Luis Astiazaran told AFP Friday : "  We put on the table today our positions , which are very far apart , and we are concentrating now on being able to save the second day . " Talks will resume Saturday and Monday to attempt to salvage the second round of matches , but a prolonged strike would likely have serious implications in a crowded Spanish league season with Barcelona defending their Champions League crown as well as La Liga . Barcelona refused comment on the strike when contacted by CNN Friday .	Strike by Spanish players wipes out first weekend of fixtures in top two divisions Talks between the Professional Football League and Players ' Association break down Strike is over pay guarantees for players who are unhappy about unpaid wages Barcelona were due to begin defense of Spanish title at Malaga Saturday
CORAL SPRINGS , Florida  CNN  -- Authorities solved a 31-year-old disappearance this year when they found the remains of Jeff Klee , missing since 1977 , in a van in a canal . Jeff Klee had been missing since 1977 ; his remains were found this year . But prosecutors have announced that no charges would be filed against the man who , authorities say , admits that he put Klee 's body in the van three decades earlier . "  Today is a sad day for our family , " Klee 's sister , Laurel Steele , told reporters Thursday . "  It tests my family 's faith to its very core . " Klee 's remains were found in March during a routine police sweep for stolen vehicles in the C-14 canal in Coral Springs , Florida . The van was in neutral when police discovered it . DNA confirmed Klee 's identity , but authorities say there was not enough evidence to determine how he died -- and whether he had been killed . Watch Klee 's sister react to the decision " The Broward County State Attorney 's Office said the statute of limitations on possible manslaughter charges expired in 1980 . As for a more serious charge such as first-degree murder to which a statute of limitations would not apply , prosecutors said they do n't have any evidence of premeditation or that the death was caused by a criminal act . Police had long thought Klee 's best friend , David Cusanelli , was the last person to see him alive June 21 , 1977 . According to a memorandum released Thursday by the Broward County State Attorney 's Office , Cusanelli told authorities this July 28 that he put Klee 's body inside his black Chevy van after he was dead and that his brother , Carl Cusanelli , helped shove the van into the canal . But Cusanelli denied involvement in Klee 's death , prosecutors said . Mitch Polay , the defense attorney for the Cusanelli brothers , reiterated that denial . He said the brothers ' statements "  were taken out of context , and they were posed as hypotheticals to drum up potential memories of the event . " "  My clients , for 31 years , have denied any involvement , " Polay told CNN . "  They had no involvement with pushing any van into the water , nor did they have any involvement with the death of Jeff Klee . " According to the prosecution memorandum , Cusanelli told police that he and Klee had an argument over a former girlfriend . Cusanelli said Klee began to chase him out at the canal that night , the document alleges . Cusanelli said that "  all he remembers is , he turned around and saw that Jeff had fallen and was on the ground , and his head was split open , and there was a lot of blood , " according to the document . "  There was definitely a confrontation that night , which resulted in Jeff Klee 's death , " lead Detective David Weissman said Thursday . Cusanelli told police that he ran away from Klee because he was in fear of his life and that he has no idea how Klee fell . Cusanelli concedes that he may have thrown a rock at Klee , according to the prosecution memo . Cusanelli , according to the memo , said he panicked and put Klee 's body inside his van . He then called his brother Carl , who helped push the vehicle into the canal , the memo alleges . In the state attorney 's memorandum , Cusanelli said Klee was bleeding from a serious head wound and was not breathing . He told authorities he would never have put Klee 's body into the van and rolled it into the canal if Klee was n't dead , the memo says . Carl Cusanelli told police he helped push the van into the canal , the memo says , but denied any knowledge that Klee may have been in the van at the time . David Cusanelli also told police that he thinks he blocked the whole incident from his memory and that only recently did some details begin to materialize , according to the prosecution memo . "  It 's turned their worlds upside down . They are very upset , " said Polay , the defense attorney . "  Thirty-one years ago , David was best friends with Jeff Klee . " Coral Springs Police Chief Duncan Foster expressed frustration that no charges are being brought . "  Jeff Klee was a loved member of someone 's family , and that has no time limits , " Foster said . "  It 's just very , very frustrating for us . " Steele , Klee 's sister , said , "  Victimized by the loss of Jeff so many years ago , we are victimized once again . " Klee 's mother , Florence Klee , clutched a framed photo of her son but did not speak during Thursday 's news conference . Klee 's father died about two years ago . Authorities said the case remains open . The family and the police are asking for the public to help them find any possible evidence of what happened that summer night in 1977 at the canal . "  Justice has been denied , " Steele said .	Prosecutors say they wo n't pursue charges in death of man from 1977 Remains of Jeff Klee were found in van in a canal in Florida this year Authorities say there 's not enough evidence to determine cause of death "  Justice has been denied , " Klee 's sister says
EW.com  -- Lifetime will put John Walsh back to work : The network announced today that it has picked up "  America 's Most Wanted . " The show that began its run on the Fox owned and operated stations and then moved to the network will return for its 25th season later this year on Lifetime .  In May , Fox canceled the show as a weekly Saturday series because the show was no longer profitable but it will still air quarterly specials -- the first of which will bow in October . "  I 've always believed there was something very special about "  America 's Most Wanted " and that there should be a home for it on television , and I could n't be happier to now be able bring it back on Lifetime , " said Walsh in a statement . "  We 've often been called the court of last resort ... now we are back in the game and ready to saddle up for another season to get justice for victims and put dangerous criminals behind bars . " Hosted and executive produced by Walsh , "  America 's Most Wanted " has helped to capture more than 1,100 fugitives in the U.S. and 30 countries , including 17 on the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted List . Last season , the show averaged 5 million viewers on Fox and a 1.7 rating in the adult demo . See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The show began its run on Fox owned and operated stations In May , Fox canceled the show as a weekly Saturday series It will return for its 25th season later this year on Lifetime
CNN  -- A virulent strain of E. coli that has killed 18 people in Europe has not affected produce in the United States , according to food safety and health officials who conceded Friday there 's much to learn about the organism . Even as efforts continue to determine what caused the outbreak , cucumbers , tomatoes and lettuce imported from Germany and Spain will be tested and cleared before they are sold in the United States , according to David Elder of the Food and Drug Administration , and the results will be shared with the European Union . "  I want to emphasize that this outbreak has not affected the U.S. , " Elder told reporters in a conference call . "  Produce remains safe , and there is no reason for Americans to alter where they shop , where they buy or what they eat . " Two adult women and an adult man who traveled last month to northern Germany remain hospitalized in the United States with hemolytic uremic syndrome -- a form of kidney failure -- said Chris Braden of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Those three cases were reported in Massachusetts , Michigan and Wisconsin . A fourth person developed bloody diarrhea , but was not hospitalized , he added . Two U.S. service members in Germany also developed diarrhea , Braden said . "  We have no expectation that this will spread in our country . " The E. coli infection has spread to 12 countries and is blamed for at least 18 deaths -- all but one reported in Germany . About 1,800 people have been sickened . The European Food Safety Alert Network initially said enterohemorrhagic E. coli  EHEC  , a strain of E. coli , was found in organic cucumbers originating from Spain , packaged in Germany and distributed to various countries . But authorities have said that the source of the contamination has not been pinpointed . The Robert Koch Institute , Germany 's federal unit responsible for disease control and prevention , has advised German consumers not to eat raw tomatoes , cucumbers and lettuce . Germany and Spain account for a small fraction of produce that is sold in the United States in a given year . Officials said tracking the source of the illness could be difficult . If it , in fact , stems from the produce , the tomatoes , cucumbers and lettuce could have been eaten together in a salad . "  We do n't know yet what is the cause and each of these  vegetables  , individually or perhaps in some combination , appear as likely culprits , so I do n't think we know enough to hypothesize at what point in the supply chain contamination may have occurred , " said Don Kraemer of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . "  We do n't know which one that actually had the contamination in it . " The CDC is warning any U.S. citizens who have recently traveled to Germany to seek immediate medical care if they begin to show symptoms of the bacterial infection . Braden said officials were unable to identify the source for an outbreak of this E. coli strain in the republic of Georgia in 2009 . The strain is more common among women and adults , he said , and officials are not certain how it may be associated with produce . "  We have a lot to learn about this particular organism , " Braden said . The officials told reporters the U.S. Food Safety Modernization Act signed by President Barack Obama this year provides steps that minimize the risk of E. coli at U.S. farms and production facilities . "  We believe prevention is superior to responding to an outbreak such as this one , " Kraemer said .	Illnesses are traced to northern Germany Three people have been hospitalized in the U.S. after visiting the region Certain produce from Spain and Germany will be tested before going into U.S. stores
For many of us , the holiday season is a time to count our blessings -- and then open our hearts and our checkbooks to those who have far less than we do . But for a handful of extraordinary leaders , giving means something more . It means committing their entire beings to bettering the lives of others . It means looking at the most wrenching problems all around them and saying it does n't have to be this way . And it means innovating -- truly leading -- to find new solutions to our oldest and most vexing challenges . Modifying the homes of disabled veterans so they can live fuller , more productive lives . Creating vital support and transportation networks for children undergoing chemotherapy . Providing free medical care in the jungles of Cameroon , where it 's not just unattainable , it 's often unheard of . Launching a mobile computer lab to help low-income students in Palm Beach County keep up with essential , job-sustaining technologies . These are just some of the ways in which the CNN Heroes are embodying the very best of giving and philanthropy . At a time of government dysfunction and global economic turmoil , these women and men are n't wringing their hands . They 're rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done -- quietly , courageously , all around the world . How can we support and encourage even more of these efforts ? In my time as a philanthropist , I 've thought a great deal about this issue . And I 've found that while money is , of course , essential , in the end it has surprisingly little to do with effective philanthropy . Leadership is the key ingredient . That 's why we 've stopped focusing our giving on needs and started focusing it much more on leadership . I believe the future of philanthropy depends on this shift -- on a leadership-based approach to solving our public problems . The truth is , virtually all of the more than 1.5 million nonprofits in America are trying to meet important needs . At the Annenberg Foundation , I 've rarely questioned the need of a nonprofit that came to us for help . But need is n't enough . Need does n't get the job done . Need does n't inspire others to follow your example . Need does n't break out of the often-stale approaches of the past . Vision does . True dynamism in an organization does . What do I mean when I use the word "  vision ? " I mean people like the CNN Heroes , who look at an old problem and immediately see it in a brand new way . People who think far beyond our day-to-day crises , as important as they are , and think about how their work will shape and sustain a community for the long haul . People who understand their work as a cause , even a calling -- and can rally others to embrace it . To me , vision is nothing less than a road map to the future . And if you have a real vision , you can outlast and outperform those with far greater resources and support . Which is why visionaries tend to be good philanthropic investments . Of course , vision means little if you ca n't run an effective nonprofit . That 's why we also look for dynamic organizations -- ones that are n't weighted down by bureaucracy and turf wars , and in particular , ones in which the board and the executive director are working hand in hand . Without the red tape and the interoffice battles , they deliver better and more meaningful results . It sounds simple , but you 'd be surprised how elusive this can be . At the Annenberg Foundation , we do n't just go looking for these kinds of strong , leadership-driven nonprofits . We try to nurture and grow them as well . That 's why we created the Annenberg Alchemy program , which we are offering free to all current and past CNN Heroes . Alchemy has already trained over 1,400 nonprofit leaders in this country , helping them approach their work with a greater sense of vision and helping them build closer bonds between their boards and their executive management , so their effectiveness can match their level of need . So if you want your own charitable dollars to have the greatest impact , do n't just write checks to a worthy cause . Support the people and organizations that are actually leading us forward . I believe that 's the best way to create a stronger , fairer , more just world . And that 's something we can all embrace , this and every holiday season .	Wallis Annenberg : Many donate to charities , but for extraordinary leaders , giving means more She says CNN Heroes have vision and provide vital help instead of wringing their hands Annenberg Foundation is focusing on supporting leaders in its philanthropy Watch "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " on Saturday , December 7 at 9 p.m. ET/PT
It is spacious , contemporary and livable . There are stainless steel appliances , hardwood floors , and the bedrooms are painted a soothing green . Stately columns convey "  comfortable suburban . " A savvy realtor could market it as "  The Woodlands " model or "  The Retreat . " But when the owner of a super-energy efficient house in the Maryland suburbs is the U.S. government , you bet the name will leave you scratching your head . The welcome mat reads : "  Net-Zero Energy Residential Test Facility , " or NZERTF . Built on the campus of a national technology testing site , the "  Net-Zero House " is the nation 's newest science lab . Government scientists and engineers will use the 2,700 square-foot home as a test-bed to develop ways to measure products , materials and systems that make a house energy efficient and green . They aim to demonstrate that an attractive home for a family of four can be "  net-zero energy " -- meaning it produces as much energy annually as it consumes . "  What we wanted to do was show that it 's possible to do in homes typical in size , with the aesthetics and features of a home in a metropolitan area , " said A. Hunter Fanney , chief of the National Institute of Standards and Technology 's Energy and Environment Division . Buildings are an often overlooked part of the U.S. quest for energy independence , Fanney said . Residential buildings consume 22 percent of the nation 's energy and commercial buildings eat up another 18 percent , he said . Making homes more efficient , proponents say , will help reduce the country 's dependence on energy imports and cut greenhouse gases blamed for global warming . Turning up the heat to drive down carbon emissions and energy bills Fanney and other experts say that ways to measure systems in the complex environment of a home are lacking . Their solution : this project . The "  Net-Zero-House " was built using commercially available products and constructed to exacting specifications to make it air and water tight . It bristles with state-of-the-art technology , including photovoltaic panels on the upper roof to convert sunlight to electricity and solar thermal panels on a lower roof to heat water . Three types of geothermal systems use ground temperatures to heat the house in the winter or cool it in the summer . Radiant heating is embedded in the floors . Both conventional and high velocity duct systems distribute air . The house also has a "  smart " electrical system . "  I 'd love to live in this house . It has all the amenities , " Fanney said , adding that it will be "  extremely comfortable . " But who will actually live in it ? Meet "  the Nisters " -- a "  virtual family " scientists created to help simulate the impact of real people on the house . The "  Nisters " simulate two working adults and children , ages 14 and 8 . Devices in various rooms will mimic them , emitting heat and humidity at appropriate times , while sensors record conditions . "  Every movement of their lives has been scripted . Lights will go on and off ; showers will take place , " said Fanney . "  Appliances will be turned on and off just as a family of four would use them . " "  The reason they 're not real people is we want to have control , " he said . "  With real people , we all live randomly , so it 's very difficult to have this control in place . " Meanwhile , scientists in the detached garage will monitor conditions . CNNMoney : Can the Navy really go green ? Approximately $ 2.5 million has been spent on the house using federal stimulus money . As a condition of the stimulus funds , almost all of the house was built using American materials and products . The lone exception -- a ventilation device in the basement -- was made in Canada . No similar device is made in the United States , the laboratory said . What will happen to the house once tests are completed ? "  I do n't think that we 'll ever be finished with this facility , " said Fanney . He envisions new energy technology "  for the next three or four decades . " And he suspects that the research will allow homebuilders to advertise a house 's energy efficiency . "  Buildings will have an energy label on them much as cars have a ` miles per gallon ' label today , " he said . TIME : Pro Sports Go Green . Do Fans Care ?	Stainless steel appliances , hardwood floors , and columns convey suburban comfort ` Net-Zero House ' is aimed at energy efficiency and is the nation 's newest science lab A virtual family of four will ` live ' in the house and will test climate , water and other systems
CNN  -- The expulsion of a U.N. official from Sri Lanka is final and he has to leave the country by September 21 , the government has told the agency . James Elder , spokesman for UNICEF in Sri Lanka has until September 21 to leave the country . Officials with the United Nations Children 's Fund met with Sri Lankan officials on Monday in hopes of keeping James Elder inside the country . But Sri Lanka stood firm in its decision , and has issued UNICEF an expulsion notice for Elder , said Sarah Crowe , the agency 's spokeswoman for South Asia . The Sri Lankan government has accused Elder of spreading propaganda supporting Tamil rebels . Ann Veneman , UNICEF 's executive director , said the agency was "  extremely concerned and disappointed " with the decision . "  Through Mr. Elder , UNICEF has consistently spoken out against the suffering of children on both sides of the intense hostilities earlier this year and called for their protection . UNICEF unequivocally rejects any allegation of bias , " she said in a statement Monday night . Elder has often spoken to the media about the agency 's concerns about children caught up in the country 's civil war and the conditions they endure at camps for the displaced . "  Mr. Elder 's role for UNICEF was to reflect how the conflict gravely impacted upon children , " Crowe said . "  He did this based on concrete information that the United Nations attained and verified . " Crowe called Sri Lanka 's allegations regarding Elder "  outrageous " and "  contradictory . " "  They are bordering on the ludicrous , " she said . The Sri Lankan military finally defeated the Tamil Tigers earlier this year , after a conflict that began in 1983 . The rebels -- formally known as the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  -- were waging war for an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka . As many as 70,000 people were killed in the conflict . In February , Elder told CNN that children as young as 4 months old were being treated in hospitals for shrapnel injuries and other wounds of war . The fighting created a "  nightmarish " situation for civilians in the conflict zone , Elder said at the time . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report .	UNICEF 's South Asia spokesman order to leave Sri Lanka by September 21 Sri Lankan government accuses James Elder of spreading propaganda Elder has often spoken about UNICEF 's concern for children in Sri Lanka
CNN  -- Five police officers brutally kicked and beat an unconscious suspect after a high-speed chase through Birmingham , Alabama , in an incident caught on camera and discovered a year later . Video shows one black and four white officers beating and kicking unconscious man ejected from car . The five officers have been fired , Mayor Larry Langford said at a news conference Wednesday . An internal inquiry is continuing . The dashboard-cam footage , which officials believe was shot in January 2008 , was aired for reporters Wednesday . It showed the end of a 100-mile-an-hour police chase of a van driven by Anthony Warren , suspected of illegal drug activity . Police had chased the van almost 50 miles , winding from downtown Birmingham to suburban Hoover . The video captured the van knocking down a police officer standing on a roadway , then turning up an interstate highway ramp , where it flipped over and rolled into a ditch . Warren was ejected from the van and stopped moving . The five officers -- one black , four white -- ruthlessly beat the suspect , who is black , the video shows . Watch the tape that lead to the officers ' dismissal " A police mug shot taken five days after the beating was posted on the Web site of The Birmingham News . It shows a badly bruised man wearing a neck brace . Police Chief A.C. Roper told CNN that the video was brought to his attention in March by the district attorney 's office , which stumbled upon the footage as it was preparing for Warren 's trial . Warren was charged with attempted murder , but no trial took place because he pleaded guilty to a reduced charge of aggravated assault . He is in prison serving a 20-year sentence . Roper said he was "  shocked " to learn of the video and that it had been around for so long without his knowledge . In addition to a continuing internal investigation that could lead to disciplining supervisors , he said the Alabama Bureau of Investigation is considering criminal charges against the five officers . Langford said the incident brought back to mind days of segregation and police brutality toward blacks . "  The culture of the past was that police brutality was acceptable , " Langford said . "  In Birmingham , Alabama , in the present day , it is not acceptable . " Langford said the five officers showed exceptional restraint in chasing the fleeing suspect and performed in exemplary fashion until the last scene caught on the video . The camera captured 11 seconds of the five officers beating Warren with their fists and batons . "  Those 11 seconds will not be tolerated , " said Langford , who signed letters of termination for the five officers on Tuesday . "  Over 50 years of combined police experience gone over 11 seconds , " he said .	Footage believed to have been shot in January 2008 after 50-mile chase Beating occurs after car rolls over , ejecting unconscious man onto ground Prosecutors found footage while preparing for man 's attempted murder trial Birmingham mayor says incident recalls days of segregation , police brutality
Massachusetts State Police photographer Sean Murphy , who leaked pictures of bloody Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , has retired , saying Thursday on CNN 's "  New Day " that he has no regrets . "  The way I see it , Chris , " the retired sergeant said to CNN 's Chris Cuomo , "  there 's no way I could n't do it . " Murphy 's retirement comes after a brief suspension , a transfer to a remote overnight patrol job and a negotiated settlement in which he gave up five days of vacation pay , he said Thursday . The 25-year police veteran leaked photos of the surviving bombing suspect emerging from the boat where he had been hiding from a massive manhunt after the marathon bombings , which killed three people and injured at least 264 . He was one of countless Boston-area residents stunned and angry about a Rolling Stone cover photo of Tsarnaev , taken from one of Tsarnaev 's social media accounts , that Murphy and others thought depicted the suspect in a glamorous light . The image shows Tsarnaev with long , curly hair , a mustache and goatee , gazing into the camera . In contrast with the Rolling Stone photo , which some said looked like a picture of a young rock star , Murphy said his photographs showed "  the true image of terror . " In the images , which he leaked to Boston magazine , Tsarnaev is shown dazed and bloody , a police sharpshooter 's laser sight trained on his forehead . "  That was the reality , " Murphy said . "  The image of that guy in the boat was the true image of terror , not the one that was fluffed and buffed for the cover of Rolling Stone . " He and his attorney , Lenny Kasten , rejected claims that the leak could have harmed the legal case against Tsarnaev , who faces two federal charges in connection with the bombings . Murphy was not acting as a crime scene photographer , and his photographs were never part of the criminal case , they said . "  Sgt. Murphy would never have done anything to jeopardize that case , " Kasten said . In July , Murphy , 48 , was suspended with pay for one day for the leak . A month later , he was transferred from his job as a tactical photographer at state police headquarters to a rural patrol job working the overnight shift . At the time , state police officials said the transfer was not a demotion or a punishment . Thursday , Murphy said he does n't hold anything against the department . "  They had to do something , " he said . "  I have nothing but high respect for the Massachusetts State Police and the men and women I 've worked with for 25 years , " he said . Murphy said Thursday he does n't know what he 'll do next .	Sgt. Sean Murphy says he does n't regret leaking photos of a Boston bombing suspect Photos , not controversial Rolling Stone cover , revealed "  the true image of terror , " he says Murphy , a 25-year police veteran , says he does n't know what his next move is
Washington  CNN  -- As the United States negotiated with countries around the world to find new homes for the remaining detainees held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , Kuwait 's minister of interior had a solution for the four Kuwaiti citizens left in the prison . "  You picked them up in Afghanistan ; you should drop them off in Afghanistan , " Shaikh Jaber Al-Khalid Al-Sabah is quoted as saying , "  in the middle of the war zone , " where the detainees could be killed in combat . The 2009 cable titled "  The Interior Minister 's remedy for terrorists : Let them die , " is among the diplomatic documents posted online by WikiLeaks . In it , Al-Sabah is quoted as expressing concerns about his country 's ability to hold the Guantanamo detainees . "  You know better than I that we can not deal with these people . I ca n't detain them , " said Al-Sabah . "  If I take their passports , they will sue to get them . I can talk to you into next week about building a rehabilitation center , but it wo n't happen . ... They are rotten and the best thing to do is get rid of them . " The cable reflects the difficult position the Kuwaiti government was in regarding the detainees and its problems in "  apprehending and detaining terror financiers and facilitators under Kuwait 's current legal and political framework . " Facing pressure to "  bring their boys home , " as the cable puts it , Kuwait 's inability to keep the suspected terrorists in custody was a difficult and embarrassing issue , as exemplified by the case of Mohammed al-Bathali . Al-Bathali , a self-confessed jihadi recruiter and terror financier , had been sentenced to serve three to five years for " ` inciting jihad ' against a friend state . " But he was released on bond . In a different cable from the U.S. Embassy in Riyadh there is a discussion regarding the recidivism rate of Guantanamo detainees returned to Saudi Arabia who then passed through the country 's rehabilitation program . Of the 119 detainees who went through the program , the cable reports , the overall rate of recidivism was 8 to 10 percent , according to the 2009 cable . "  The real story of the Saudi rehabilitation program is one of success : at least 90 percent of its graduates appear to have given up jihad and reintegrated into Saudi society , " the cable says . "  The recidivists are the exception , not the rule . " The cable does acknowledge however , that it was more difficult to rehabilitate former Guantanamo detainees than others . In another creative solution for the detainees , Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah proposed to implant a Bluetooth-like device into former Guantanamo detainees to track their movements . During a March 22 , 2009 , meeting between U.S. Deputy National Security Advisor John Brennan and King Abdullah , the king suggested an "  electronic chip " be implanted in the detainees to allow for tracking their movements as is done with Saudi horses and falcons . According to the cable , Brennan deflected the idea , saying , "  horses do n't have good lawyers , " pointing out that such a proposal would face legal hurdles in the United States . The relocation of 17 Chinese Muslim Uyghurs detained at Guantanamo Bay also was a thorny issue for the United States , according to the WikiLeaks cables . Attempts to find new homes for those detainees was met with resistance because of fear of retribution from China . At one point , Germany considered accepting seven of the Uyghurs . But the government was "  subsequently warned by China of ' a heavy burden on bilateral relations ' " between Germany and China if the Germans accepted the detainees . According to one cable , German Chancellery Security and Foreign Policy Advisor Christoph Heusgen said relocation of the Uyghurs "  would be ` too difficult , ' but Germany could probably accept ' 2-3 others ' from Guantanamo . The document also summarized Heusgen as saying , "  if Germany were to take any -LSB- Uyghurs -RSB- , it would be best to do so in combination with other European countries to prevent China from focusing its opposition on any one country . " In another cable , this one from the U.S. Embassy in Bishkek , Kyrgyzstan , the Chinese ambassador to Kyrgyzstan , Zhang Yannian , is quoted as calling America 's refusal to relocate the detainees to China a "  slap in the face . " The missive quotes Zhang as saying , "  Releasing 17 from Guantanamo is an unfriendly act toward us . " "  He then went on at length about what a ` slap in the face ' it was to China that the Uyghur detainees were not going to be returned to their homeland but instead shipped to Germany , where reportedly they had already been granted refugee status , " the cable says . It goes on to say that Zhang "  did imply that the Guantanamo situation had made China look for ways to hit back at the U.S. " The 17 Uyghurs were eventually relocated to Palau , Bermuda , Albania and Switzerland .	A cable posted on WikiLeaks quotes a Kuwaiti official on Guantanamo detainees "  We can not deal with these people . I ca n't detain them , " he says Another cable praises the Saudi rehab program for former Gitmo detainees
CNN  -- Actress Amanda Bynes stared with a blank , wide-eyed expression at reporters seated behind her in a New York courtroom Tuesday . It was a brief court appearance for the 27-year-old Bynes , required only so the judge could set a date for another pretrial hearing . She faces three misdemeanor charges relating to an incident involving a bong allegedly tossed from her Manhattan apartment on May 23 . Bynes wore a waist-length aqua and blonde-colored wig from her unusual collection of hair pieces , a tank top , sweatpants and sneakers as she stood silently before the Manhattan Criminal Court judge . She left with her lawyer after the judge set her next court hearing for September 26 . A date for a trial , if necessary , has not been decided . Police charged Bynes with tampering with physical evidence , reckless endangerment and criminal possession of marijuana after they were called to her building in Manhattan 's theater district . The building manager reported she was smoking an "  illegal substance " in the lobby , police said . Police knock down Bynes sex harassment claim Bynes had headed back to her apartment by the time police arrived , but she let officers in when they knocked on the door , they said . Once inside , the officers noticed a bong and other marijuana paraphernalia sitting on a coffee table , which Bynes immediately started to throw out a window , police said . Police charged her with tampering with physical evidence , reckless endangerment and criminal possession of marijuana . The endangerment stems from the possibility that the tossed paraphernalia could have hit someone below . Bynes told followers on Twitter that the police account was "  all lies . " Her story is that she was "  sexually harassed by one of the cops the night before last " -- the same police officer who , she wrote , ended up arresting her . New York police later said an internal affairs investigation found no evidence of the sexual harassment claim . Bynes has a DUI case pending in Southern California , while a pair of separate hit-and-run charges against her were dismissed late last year . She was sentenced to three years ' probation for driving on a suspended license in May . A young teenager when she burst on the scene as the lead in Nickelodeon 's "  The Amanda Show , " Bynes also starred alongside Jennie Garth in the sitcom "  What I Like About You . " She later scored roles in movies , including "  Hairspray " and "  Easy A. " Amanda Bynes in trouble , again CNN 's Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	Amanda Bynes ' court appearance was brief Tuesday The actress faces three misdemeanor charges related to an alleged bong incident Bynes tweeted the police charges are "  all lies "
British Prime Minister David Cameron called Monday for a new law to give police the temporary power to seize a passport in case a British citizen is suspected of trying to travel to support ISIS . Cameron told lawmakers meeting in the House of Commons on Monday there were two gaps in Britain 's fight against the threat of terror at home . The first pertains to suspects traveling abroad , he said . "  Passports are not an automatic right , " he said . "  We will introduce specific and targeted legislation to fill this gap by providing the police with a temporary power to seize a passport at the border , during which time they will be able to investigate the individual concerned . "  This power will include appropriate safeguards and oversight arrangements . " Work to prepare legislation to allow this will begin immediately , Cameron said . As well as stopping would-be jihadists , Cameron said Britain also needed measures to prevent the return of foreign fighters . UK authorities estimate that 500 Britons have gone to Syria and Iraq to fight with Islamist groups . "  It 's abhorrent that people who declare their allegiance elsewhere are able to return to the United Kingdom and pose a threat to our national security , " Cameron told lawmakers . "  We are clear in principle that what we need is a targeted , discretionary power to allow us to exclude British nationals from the UK . We will work up proposals on this basis with our agencies , in line with our international obligations , and discuss the details on a cross-party basis . " Cameron said existing arrangements on aviation security would also be enshrined in law . "  Airlines will have to comply with our no-fly list arrangements , give us information on passenger lists and comply with our security screening requirements . If they do not do this , their flights will not be able to land in Britain , " he said . New powers to bolster older restrictions The Prime Minister said Britain 's intelligence agencies and police believed that stronger powers were also needed to manage the risk posed by suspected extremists already in the UK . Cameron said he would introduce legislation giving British authorities new powers that would strengthen their ability to track suspected supporters of ISIS , by providing "  enhanced use of exclusion zones " or "  relocation powers . " The powers would be in addition to existing terrorism prevention and investigation measures , or TPIMs , which allow restrictions on terror suspects , including overnight residence at a specified address , GPS tagging , reporting requirements , and restrictions on travel , movement , association , communication , finances , work and study . Threat level raised The UK government raised its terror threat level Friday from "  substantial " to "  severe " -- the fourth of five levels in response to events in Iraq and Syria , where ISIS militants have seized a large swath of territory . "  That means that a terrorist attack is highly likely , but there is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is imminent , " Home Secretary Theresa May said . The "  root cause " of Britain 's terror threat is "  Islamist extremism , " Cameron said Friday . The execution of American journalist James Foley is clear evidence that ISIS ' fight in Iraq and Syria "  is not some foreign conflict thousands of miles from home that we can hope to ignore , " he said . ISIS is unlike other Islamist extremist groups in its primary focus not to find a country that can be its base of operations , but to create its own country . And the group has had ample success in that regard , given the vast reach already of what it calls the "  Islamic State . " While it 's been widely reviled internationally , ISIS has managed to attract some support among Muslims and drawn foreign fighters , like the masked man with an apparent British accent who took part in Foley 's beheading . Even without specific threats in the West , ISIS ' track record in Syria and Iraq -- where it was known to massacre minorities , forcefully institute Sharia law and stage executions and stonings -- suggests it may be capable of anything . Cameron said the group poses a "  greater and deeper " threat than Britain has known before . Cameron said military force is among the tools that can be used against ISIS , while adding that aid , diplomacy and political influence should also be part of Britain 's response . While the threat level just went up Friday , Britain 's national policing lead for counterterrorism , Mark Rowley , said that police have been escalating their efforts to combat the jihadist threat for months . He claimed 69 arrests in the first half of 2014 for offenses ranging from funding "  terrorist activity through to the preparation and/or instigation of terrorism acts and traveling abroad for terrorist training . " U.S. terror threat level U.S. officials said last week there were no plans to raise the United States ' terror threat level . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said he did not anticipate the threat level would rise anytime soon , and U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson said there was no specific threat against the United States . "  The U.S. and the U.K. are in constant touch to discuss the threats we face and steps we can take separately and together to address them . We 're not going to comment on specific new domestic measures the Prime Minister proposed today other than to say we will continue to work together closely in the days , weeks and months ahead , " National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said in a written statement Monday . "  For our part the U.S. Government will continue to take vigorous and prudent steps informed by the latest intelligence , building on our established security measures and potentially through additional efforts , both seen and unseen , to combat any terrorist threat , " she said . Read more : Does Britain have a jihadi problem ? Read more : When Americans leave for jihad Read more : Foreign jihadists tell CNN : Foley beheading was justified	United States vows to combat any terrorist threat David Cameron : Work will also be done on measures to stop return of foreign fighters New laws would allow seizure of suspected would-be jihadists ' passports at borders Britain hiked its threat to the second-highest level Friday , citing events in Iraq , Syria
CNN  -- Many wealthy , successful Americans regale us with stories of how they worked their rears off to get to where they are . Living proof , they say , that hard work can propel you to heights you can not imagine . I do n't doubt their stories ; I worked hard too . But along with that hard work came something no one seems to acknowledge -- luck . Understandable , for luck says nothing about your smarts or talent or beauty . Luck is a happy accident . Seize it and make it work for you and nine times out of 10 , you 're golden . I 'm not saying only luck brings success . Hard work is necessary too , but it is not sufficient . Did I work harder or think better than hundreds of thousands of others ? I would love to say yes , but although I tried to outsmart my competitors , I know I would not be sitting at CNN without Lady Luck on my side . I know . I hear you . "  You make your own luck ! " Yes , you can , but it was a lot easier for me to "  make my own luck " than it was -- is -- for many others Bear with me . I grew up decidedly middle-class . My father was a steelworker , my mother an office manager and occasional bookkeeper . Neither parent attended college , but they managed to carve out a comfortable life for me , my brothers and sister . There was no money to set aside for college , but I knew my parents expected me to be a college graduate . Lucky me ? Yes . Because my father , a high school graduate , was able to find a well-paying job . Back in the day , manufacturing jobs were plentiful , and they paid well , as did many traditional middle-class jobs . Today , not so much . An article in The New York Times on September 18 , 1987 , reported the average wage for an automaker was $ 13.50 an hour . In today 's dollars , that 's $ 28.47 .  Annual inflation over this period averaged 2.8 % .  More than two decades later , thanks to the 2008 recession and the erosion of union power , entry-level unionized autoworkers were paid between $ 14 and $ 17 an hour , while veteran workers earned between $ 28 and $ 38 an hour . So , I was lucky to be born to parents who could afford to feed me , clothe me , house me and , as an added bonus , expect me to make something of myself . Also , my mother was not an alcoholic , and my father was not an ex-con . We lived in a variety of middle-class neighborhoods -- some middle , some lower -- but there were no drug dealers on the corner , no gunshots in the street . There were no metal detectors at the doors or armed security guards patrolling the halls of any of the schools I attended . I did work hard to get through college , though . I worked two jobs for minimum wage -- one in a cafeteria and another at SeaWorld -- to pay my way through school . In addition to those jobs , I interned at WAKR in Akron , Ohio , for free and attended night classes to finish my degree . Ah , you say -- finally -- proof that if you work hard enough you will escape that minimum-wage job and achieve your goals . Except luck played a part here too . According to the College Board , there was little to no growth in college prices in the 1970s . College costs actually just started to rise in 1980 , the year I entered Kent State University . I just missed the massive sticker shock students face today . Since I went to school , college costs have risen at twice and sometimes three times the Consumer Price Index . Still , I was happy to apply and accept government grants and loans to help pay the bills . That internship in Akron paid off too . WAKR-TV hired me . I made minimum wage in my first professional job , but I was not a single mother and did not have to care for aging or sick relatives . I just had to worry about myself . Luckily , a news director in Cleveland named Ron Bilek offered to mentor me and eventually hired me in Columbus , Ohio . Four jobs later , I was off and running for CNN . So yes , I worked hard . I put in long hours . But millions of others have as well . Luck , by definition , means a chance happening of fortunate events . And I would argue that far too few middle-class Americans are now experiencing the same "  happening of fortunate events " that I did . The majority of middle-class people are struggling not because they do n't work as hard as the most successful Americans , but because it takes more than sweat to succeed and the odds are tougher in 2014 . It 's time for our leaders to help people turn their luck around . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carol Costello .	Carol Costello : Those who succeed often emphasize the power of their hard work What is often left out is the role of luck in positioning people to achieve success She says having supportive parents and a good education makes a huge difference Costello : Higher college costs , tough job market make the odds tougher today
CNN  -- Fresh faced and full of energy , five recent graduates sit around the conference room table . They all hail from a different African country , and they all have big dreams about revamping education in their continent for a digital era . These are the headquarters of Funda in Cape Town , an online training platform that 's been partnering with universities in South Africa to provide short e-courses for users . Helped by a single private investor , the tech education portal is looking to harness a growing demand for online learning by allowing students to log into classes remotely . "  At Funda , we develop learning management systems and provide content development services to higher institutions to take their courses online so that the general public can access them at a cheaper price , " says Nigerian-born Kolawole Olajide , one of Funda 's founders . The flexibility that comes with e-learning is just one of the many reasons Olajide says the online education tool has found success . "  It 's responsive to the students ' schedules , " says the 22-year-old entrepreneur . "  But also managers who want to do courses but are too busy to do them can now use -LSB- Funda -RSB- and sign in when they get back from work and access the resources online . " Olajide came up with the concept for Funda -- which means "  to learn " in Zulu -- at university when he found he could n't take school home . He had hoped to start the company in his homeland of Nigeria , but the obstacles were too great . "  It was very difficult because they were not digitally ready , " he recalls . "  They did not understand what I was trying to do . The second problem I faced was internet penetration in the country . I thought South Africa was more stable so Funda had a higher chance of success there because many people already have the Internet . " Alongside four other young entrepreneurs -- Kennedy Kitheka  Kenya  , Jason Muloongo  Zambia  , Sameer Rawjee  South Africa  and Kumbirai Gundani  Zimbabwe  -- the e-learning portal took shape and each founder provided a different perspective for the startup . None are over the age of 25 , yet these innovators are simply doing what is natural to the millennial generation -- using technology to find solutions to problems they 've experienced . "  We bring together the problems we 've seen in different parts of Africa and we are all trying to create together solutions to the problems we have experienced in different parts of the continent , " says Olajide . He adds : "  I was aware of user experience because user experience of technology in Nigeria was not very good . One of the other partners was keen on developing the mobile application because he said in his area of the world , there are more mobile users . So we are bringing together solutions made by the problems we 've faced in Africa . " Olajide explains that Funda offers a free mobile app that can be downloaded to a user 's smartphone . Students can access the e-learning portal via a keycode provided by the university they are registered to . "  At the moment , -LSB- mobile -RSB- is very limited . Mobile phones are good for getting your results , educators checking attendance reports and all that stuff . But the real core experience is from the desktop machine . " Since its launch in 2009 , Funda has been recognized by several international bodies , including the United Nations Development Programme and the World Economic Forum . It has also received a number of accolades , including the "  Best Tech Innovation and Education " award at the U.N. 's World Youth Summit in 2012 and Mazar 's "  Best Sustainable Business Model " prize . Looking ahead , Olajide has big plans for the startup . "  Our major goal is to be a major education technology provider in Africa , " he says . "  So we 're just trying to strategically position ourselves , so when Africa is ready we would also be ready . " For the time being however , the company 's main focus is creating sustainable growth before proceeding to roll out the platform across the continent . As for Olajide , the passionate Nigerian says he is determined to keep on working to help increase accessibility to education in the continent . "  The future of the continent lies in how educated people are , " he says . " All the major problems can be solved with education -- education is the key to the future . " More from African Start-Up	Kolawole Olajide founded Funda , an e-learning tool with four other young graduates Offers students short courses with flexibility , remote access through South African schools Olajide says success is due to a strong founding team , playing to strengths Hopes to become a major education technology provider in Africa
CNN  -- Ilene Woods , the voice of Cinderella in the 1950 Disney classic "  Cinderella , " has died , Disney Studios announced Friday . The news was announced on the Twitter feed of Disney23 , the company 's official fan community . Woods was 81 . As a child , Woods wanted to be a teacher , but her mother steered her toward a singing and radio career , according to a Disney biography . She had a weekly radio show in 1944 in New York and had worked with Bing Crosby and Al Jolson , among others , by the time she turned 18 , Disney says . She was chosen from among 400 hopefuls to voice Cinderella . Walt Disney told Woods that Cinderella was his favorite Disney heroine , the Disney biography says . "  Once I went into his office and he said to me , ` You 're my favorite heroine , you know , ' " the bio quotes her as saying . "  I said , ` You mean Cinderella ? ' ` Yes , ' he said . ` There 's something about that story I associate with . ' " "  I think it was the rags-to-riches tale , " Woods says in the bio . "  Of course , then I did n't know how many times Walt had risked it all to realize his dreams . " In addition to her work on Cinderella , Woods appeared on television on "  The Steve Allen Show " and "  The Garry Moore Show , " among other programs . She met her husband , Ed Shaughnessy -- a drummer on "  The Tonight Show " hosted by Johnny Carson -- during "  The Garry Moore Show , " Disney says . They raised two sons together . "  Those were the happiest years of my life , " the bio quotes her as saying .	Woods performed with Bing Crosby , Al Jolson and others She beat out about 400 others hopefuls to win "  Cinderella " role Walt Disney told her Cinderella was his favorite heroine , her bio says
Boise , Idaho  CNN  -- Five American soldiers have been charged with killing Afghan civilians for sport and staging the slayings to look like legitimate war casualties . The youngest of those five -- a now 20-year-old private from Idaho -- came home a changed man , his mother says . And , said Dana Holmes , the Army not only should have known something had gone dreadfully wrong , but commanding officers should be held responsible . "  The man that came home was not my son , " said Holmes . "  He was very thin . He 'd lost about 50 pounds . He said the Army told him he had a parasite . I made him his favorite sandwich , and it took him two days to eat the whole sandwich . Just could n't eat ; he did n't sleep . " Pfc. Andrew Holmes was a healthy , 185-pound 18-year-old when he joined the Army , his mother said . He came home on leave in April -- weeks before the Army launched an investigation into the suspected illegal drug use by his platoon , Bravo Company , 2nd Battalion , 1st Infantry Regiment , Fifth Brigade . Holmes ' family had him hospitalized in Idaho to restore his strength . He told his mother that he gave himself daily IVs of fluids in Afghanistan to keep hydrated , a claim that horrifies his mother , who can not believe the Army would not treat a soldier who was clearly ill . During his time on leave , she said , he was paranoid , always asking the family their whereabouts , concerned that someone was going to harm them . Shortly afterward , he returned to Afghanistan to rejoin his unit . "  I threatened to break his leg and keep him home , but he just hugged me and said , ` Mom , I 've got a job to finish . ' It was hard to put him on the plane . It was the first time I 've seen him fall apart , when we put him on the plane . ... He was still hyper-vigilant about making sure we were n't alone , " she said . And not long after Holmes returned to action , the Army launched its investigation , which quickly grew in scope -- with a new main focus on the murder of Afghan civilians . Now , Holmes and four others face numerous charges , including drug use , premeditated murder , possessing body parts and possessing photos of corpses . Seven others in the platoon are charged with various other crimes , from assaulting a fellow soldier who blew the whistle on the group 's hashish smoking to collecting body parts as war trophies and posing them in grisly photos . Tapes describe killings for sport Holmes and some of the others are being held at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington , where the platoon was based , to await courts-martial . Dana Holmes thinks the Army should be held accountable for what happened at that forward operating post in Afghanistan . "  If they were smoking that much hashish , you can smell it , " she said . "  Where was the command ? Did they just dump these boys off and say go forth and conquer ? " "  How did they know what was going on ? My son was a healthy 18-year-old kid when he went over there , and now he is a mess . And I do n't understand why the Army is not going after the officers . " The highest-ranking soldier accused is a staff sergeant , Calvin Gibbs . His attorney has declined comment on the numerous charges Gibbs faces , including premeditated murder . He has not entered a plea . Reports show Army sgt. tracked kills with tattoos Gibbs has been depicted in documents and discussed in interrogation videos by some soldiers as the ringleader they feared . But no one above his rank has been charged with any offenses -- or , according to lawyers , disciplined for allegedly allowing the platoon to make up its own rules of war . Holmes is charged with the first reported civilian killing in January . He is accused of conspiring with Cpl. Jeremy Morlock to shoot at the civilian and then toss a grenade to look like the soldiers were under attack . Morlock 's attorney disputes those accusations . "  As I stated before , my client through that period of time was suffering from brain damage , " said Michael Waddington , a civilian attorney representing Morlock . "  He was treated , not properly treated by a cocktail of drugs , given to him by the military . "  Our defense is not that three people were not shot . I do n't think that that 's in dispute at this point . ... There is a question of who shot them , whether or not my client was mentally responsible at the time of the shootings and what role he played in the shootings . " Holmes is also charged with smoking hashish , possessing a dismembered human finger and wrongfully possessing photos of human casualties . His civilian lawyer , Dan Conway , said his client did not kill any civilian and was ordered by his supervisor , Gibbs , to keep a human finger . "  All I can speak for is the charge Pfc. Andrew Holmes is associated with , and I 'll tell you that there is no proof that ... Holmes caused or conspired to cause the death of any human being unlawfully , " Conway said . The Army refuses to comment on any aspect of any of the cases and has sought to limit circulation of evidence , especially since videotaped interrogations of some of the soldiers and alleged written confessions by some soldiers were obtained and reported by media outlets , including CNN . But it was the Army 's own charging documents that portrayed a platoon gone rogue . In explicit detail the Army wrote how killings were staged -- how a fellow soldier was beaten and how Gibbs threw human fingers at another soldier believed to have snitched about the group 's hashish smoking . It even charged one soldier with possessing a human skull . The charges drew media attention from around the world . The Army 's response : mostly silence . The Army moved to restrict attorney access to what has been described to CNN by some who have seen them as a series to a series of gruesome photos of dead Afghans by allowing inspection of the material only at a secure facility in Lewis-McChord . A number of attorneys have objected , telling CNN the Army is limiting their ability to defend their clients because it is more concerned how the charges are being played in the media and perceived in Afghanistan . The Army even ordered military attorneys to return photos and documents that may have "  inadvertently " been sent to them . Those who have seen the photos say they are worse than those depicting Iraqi prisoners in humiliating poses at the infamous Abu Ghraib prison . "  These remain allegations , " said Geoff Morrell , a spokesman for the Defense Department . "  They are abhorrent , even as allegations . But I think they are , they are an aberration in terms of the behavior of our force , thankfully , and so I do n't think they are in any way representative of how , you know , American military men and women behave in the field . "  But let 's let this trial take place , and let 's see what judgment is ultimately rendered . And talk to the Army about whether there 's a larger effort to try to look into the chain-of-command issues , " Morrell said . CNN tried to pose questions about those chain-of-command issues with both Army Secretary John McHugh and Army Chief of Staff Gen. George W. Casey Jr. but received only a brief email in response : "  The secretary and chief are going to decline the opportunity to do the interview . " Soldier blew whistle on platoon That does n't surprise Dana Holmes , who said the Army has ignored the soldiers and their families in this case from the beginning . She said her son insisted on having an attorney present for his questioning and was placed under guard for weeks and told he did not need one . Eventually he agreed to talk , but Conway said he was tricked into doing so , believing he was receiving representation when he was not . Christopher Winfield , the father of another soldier charged with murder , told CNN he tried to report to the Army that his son had told him about the first murder , only to be ignored by the Army . Two more civilians died , according to the timeline provided by the Army in its charging documents . Winfield said that if the Army had heeded his calls for help those civilians might be alive and his son would not be in trouble . The Army is now investigating his allegations that he tried to alert the Army . Warning may have been ignored Spc. Adam Winfield is charged with premeditated murder , although he is seen in an interrogation tape saying he fired his rifle but aimed high and missed . His lawyer , Eric Montalvo , said his client is not guilty of premeditated murder despite what his client told investigators on the videotaped interrogation . Dana Holmes said she does n't believe anything the Army says . "  I hold the Army responsible for this whole mess , " she said . "  Especially now that the Winfields have come forward and said they warned them about all this . This was going on and the Army chose to do nothing about it . " Pfc. Holmes ' attorney said he plans to put on a vigorous defense of his client , arguing that he killed no one . And he said he plans to ask serious questions about the Army 's command of a platoon that everyone agrees went terribly astray . "  The only way these kind of allegations can occur is the command is completely derelict in supervising , meaning not there , or they 're ignoring that this kind of conduct may be occurring , " Conway said . "  And I do n't know which one it is at this point . " CNN 's Todd Schwarzschild and Courtney Yager contributed to this report . Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 5pm to 7pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	Dana Holmes : "  The man that came home was not my son " Holmes ' mother says Army should be "  going after " officers in charge His attorney says Andrew Holmes is innocent Holmes and four others are charged with murder
CNN  -- There will be no new gun laws after the Aurora shooting for the basic reason that the American people do not want them . Over the past 20 years , support for gun control has collapsed in the United States . Three-quarters of Americans want to keep the right to own handguns , weapons whose only function is to kill human beings at close range . In 1959 , 60 % of Americans wanted handguns banned outright for all but police officers . Little to gain , lots to lose for Obama and Romney on guns Responding to public opinion , states have loosened gun laws to allow citizens to carry weapons with them almost anywhere they go . In Georgia , Arizona , Tennessee and Virginia , it 's legal to carry a gun into a bar . Guns and booze : What could go wrong ? But here 's the odd thing : At the same time as Americans have become more enthusiastic about gun rights , fewer and fewer Americans actually want to own a gun themselves . In the 1990s , the proportion of Americans who kept a gun in the home tumbled from one-half to one-third . And while gun ownership has risen in the Obama years , it remains lower than in the 1960s when strong majorities of the American people demanded stricter laws . How can we make sense of this weird divergence between beliefs and behavior ? Americans support gun rights because they believe guns are necessary for self-protection . As the Georgia lawmaker who introduced the law allowing guns to be carried in bars explained : "  Folks were being robbed , assaulted -- it was becoming an issue of personal safety . The police are n't going to be able to protect you . They 're going to be checking out the crime scene after you and your family 's been shot or injured or assaulted or raped . " At the same time , people hesitate to own guns themselves because they recognize that keeping a gun in the house is a dangerous thing to do . A gun in the house minimally doubles the risk that a household member will kill himself or herself .  Some studies put the increase in suicide risk as high as 10 times .  An American is 50 % more likely to be shot dead by his or her own hand than to be shot dead by a criminal assailant . More than 30,000 Americans injure themselves with guns every year . The good news is that as America becomes safer , fewer and fewer Americans feel the need for a weapon . The overall violent crime index has tumbled by one-third since the early 1990s . The worst crimes -- murder and rape -- have declined even more . American citizens are safer today from crime than at almost any time since record-keeping began , very likely safer than at any time in the history of the country . Americans perceive these improvements in the safety of their immediate neighborhood . Back in the early 1980s , half of Americans said they feared to walk alone at night near their own homes . By the early 2000s , only one-third expressed such fears .  Those fears have ticked up a little in the last few years , even as crime rates continue to fall , but again they remain way below historic peaks . Yet unfortunately , Americans are not , however , nearly so accurate at assessing national trends . In the mid-2000s , when crime rates were declining fast , almost 70 % of Americans wrongly said that crime rates had risen over the past year . Analysis : Why gun controls are off the agenda in America What force on earth could convince Americans that down is up ? The most powerful force of all : television . TV news -- and especially local TV news -- is dominated by news of violent crime , the more spectacular and murderous the better . TV news creates a false picture of a country under attack by rampaging criminals , and especially nonwhite criminals . The people who watch the most TV news , Americans older than 50 , also happen to be the group most likely to own a gun . Only one-fifth of young Americans own a gun ; one-third of over-50 Americans do . Republicans are twice as likely to own a gun as Democrats . Maybe not so coincidentally , Republicans are more likely to watch the scariest news channel of them all : Fox . Whites are twice as likely to own a gun as nonwhites -- and it may also not be a coincidence that gun purchases have suddenly spiked since November 2008 . Proponents of gun control are baffled that horrific massacres such as the one in Aurora , Colorado , do not lead to stricter gun control . They have their causation backward . The more terrifyingly criminal the world looks , the more ineffective law enforcement seems , the more Americans demand the right to deadly weapons with which to defend themselves . It is local TV programming directors , not the National Rifle Association , who are tirelessly persuading Americans that they need to strap a gun to their legs before heading to the mall . And what will change those attitudes is not more atrocity stories , but instead the reassuring truth : The United States is safe and getting safer , safer than ever before in its history . The police can protect you , and will , and do . And a gun in the house is not a guarantee of personal security -- it is instead a standing invitation to family tragedy . The cold dead hands from which they pry the gun are very unlikely to be the hands of a heroic minuteman defending home and hearth against intruders . They are much more likely to be the hands of a troubled adolescent or a clumsy child . In the land of the Second Amendment , nobody will take your guns away . But if you love your children , you should get rid of them voluntarily . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum says public support for stricter gun control has steadily waned Despite gun views , fewer Americans today keep a gun in their home , he says Frum says people realize that gun ownership is risky to themselves and their families Frum : Local TV news overplays violence , drives up fear , keeps people focused on gun rights
LONDON , England  CNN  -- DNA testing to try to identify hundreds of bodies buried in a mass grave during World War I will start this week , the British and Australian ministries of defense announced Monday . File photo shows a crane unearthing the mass grave in northern France . The bodies come from Fromelles in northern France , where thousands of British and Australian troops were killed or wounded in a single night in 1916 -- a night the Australian military still considers among the worst in its history . An exploratory dig in May of this year confirmed that there are between 250 and 300 bodies buried at the site . Enough DNA has been recovered from teeth and bones to make full-scale testing worthwhile , the British Ministry of Defence said . Pieces of uniforms including belt buckles and buttons have also been found , which will help with identification , the ministry said . "  Each one of these soldiers will be laid to rest with the dignity they deserve and we owe it to them to do all we can to identify them , " British Veterans Minister Kevan Jones said in a statement . The DNA testing program will be the largest undertaking to identify individuals killed in combat ever commissioned , the ministry said . The announcement comes only a week after the burial of the last British veteran of World War I still living in the United Kingdom . Harry Patch died July 25 at the age of 111 , a week after fellow British World War I veteran Henry Allingham died at the age of 113 . So many soldiers died on the night of July 19 , 1916 , that many were never found , identified , or given a proper burial . Two divisions of Allied infantry had attacked a strongly fortified German position known as the Sugar Loaf . The defenders knew the British and the Australians were coming ; the terrain favored the Germans . As the British and the newly arrived Australians charged into battle , the Germans opened fire . By morning , about 2,300 British and Australian soldiers were dead . About 5,000 others were wounded . There has been speculation for decades that the Germans recovered hundreds of bodies and put them into mass graves , not forgotten , but anonymous . Last year , preliminary digs commissioned by the Australian government located five mass graves near the site of the battle . "  It 's the largest military find since the end of the Second World War , " said a spokesman for the Commonwealth War Graves Commission . "  I have been on the commission almost 11 years and it 's like nothing I have ever experienced . I have never known anything to have this sort of numbers of possible remains , " Peter Francis told CNN . The commission is in the middle of a 15-month project to disinter the bodies , attempt to identify them , and rebury them in individual graves in a new cemetery on the site . The resulting graveyard will be the first new one consecrated by the commission for almost 50 years , Francis told CNN by phone . The British and Australian governments have asked people who think their relatives may have died at the site to get in touch , Francis said . The cemetery will be dedicated on July 19 , 2010 -- the 94th anniversary of the battle . The bodies of more than 165,000 Commonwealth soldiers killed on the Western Front during the First World War are still missing , the commission says . The commission is a non-profit organization founded in 1917 that commemorates the dead of both world wars from the British Commonwealth .	DNA tests will attempt to identify remains of World War I fallen Bodies removed from mass grave in Fromelles , northern France Up to 300 bodies are believed to have been dug up
Atlanta  CNN  Doctors treating Bobbi Kristina Brown , who remains in a medically induced coma , tried taking her off various medications , according to a source close to her family . They were forced to put her back on the drugs because she started having seizures , the source told CNN on Wednesday . Brown , daughter of the late star Whitney Houston , was found unresponsive in a bathtub on January 31 at her home in Roswell , Georgia . The extent of her injuries is not known . Last week , doctors removed her breathing tube , allowing Brown to be ventilated through a hole in her throat . At the time , CNN 's chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said the move suggested she would need to be on such support for "  weeks and months to come , as opposed to hours and days . " Police have said they 're treating Brown 's case as a criminal investigation . Her mother , who died in 2012 , was similarly found in a bathtub . A coroner ruled Houston 's death an accidental drowning , with heart disease and cocaine use listed as contributing factors . Brown , 21 , is her only child .	Bobbi Kristina Brown has seizures after doctors take her off medication , source says Brown , daughter of the late star Whitney Houston , was found unresponsive in a bathtub on January 31
CNN  -- It might be a bit of a blur to everyone else , but Lionel Messi always seems to keep a clear head -- even in the most pressurized situations . And if the football maestro 's opponents struggle to keep up with him , spare a thought for the sports photographers who have to track his moments of magic . Mike Hewitt 's artful image of the Argentina star in action against Mexico at the last World Cup in South Africa captures his dynamism down to a tee . But it was n't the shot he had expected to walk away with at Johannesburg 's Soccer City Stadium that evening . "  I had planned to go up into the crowd , " Hewitt told CNN 's Sports Photo Masterclass series . "  I found a position in the stands which I thought might give me a different angle , but a steward took exception to me being there . " The FIFA-accredited Hewitt protested , stayed put and the game started . Then the police arrived . "  About 10 of them showed up in full riot gear and said , ` You ca n't stay here . ' I was n't going to argue , so I was escorted down to the pitch where they thought all the photographers should be . "  I kind of squeezed in late -- not in a great position -- and I thought I might as well just go for it . Lionel Messi is playing and if I can get one image of him like this , I 'll be happy . " The image was captured using a technique called panning , where the photographer follows a moving subject during an exposure . A successful shot will blur the background , giving a sense of movement and speed while keeping the subject , or part of it , in focus . "  I had a couple of attempts earlier that did n't really work -- a lot of the frames are a complete blur . But then luckily he had a good run down the wing , " says Hewitt , who is Senior World Cup photographer at leading agency Getty . "  The key thing you 're trying to do is freeze the head , and we 're quite lucky that the ball looks fairly frozen as well . " The image was captured using a 400 mm telephoto lens mounted on a monopod , with Hewitt opting for a super-slow shutter speed -- around one-eighth of a second compared with 1,000 th of a second typically used for action shots . Messi 's forward-leaning , athletic pose is amplified by the disorganized tangle of arms and legs of his straggling opponent . "  It actually works better in other sports , particularly ones when they 're on a predictable path like athletics or speed skating , " Hewitt says of the panning technique . "  You know they 're going to be at a particular place and you can try again and again . The nature of football is very zigzag ... so you do n't get many of these . " Hewitt also turned his lens on Messi 's national coach during the 2010 tournament , capturing Diego Maradona celebrating the winning goal in his first match in charge at a World Cup finals . Even more impressively , he took the defining image of the final between the Netherlands and Spain , dropping the shutter at the exact moment Nigel de Jong 's boot clattered into Xabi Alonso 's chest . When he 's not snapping a match action , the 52-year-old is always on the lookout for salable pictures elsewhere . "  You 've always got to have your camera with you just in case . You never know what 's going to be happening anywhere , " he says . A good example was a beautiful shot of kids playing football taken in the week before the 2010 tournament kicked off . "  We were driving back from Johannesburg when my colleague saw these children playing football in this sort of dirt ditch on the edge of a very large township , " Hewitt explains . "  The office and the world media were crying out for an image that showed football in South Africa and I 'd like to think that this one summed it up quite nicely . " Another enduring photo has been one Hewitt took two decades ago at the tournament hosted by the U.S. . The image of Brazilian players ' hands clutching the trophy following their penalty shootout victory over Italy in the 1994 final will be instantly recognizable to football fans worldwide . "  We had exhausted all the team photos of them and I just happened to notice a couple of them trying to get their hands on the trophy , " Hewitt says . "  I think a large part of its success is that you 've got different ethnic groups holding it -- you 've got white guys and black guys . I think this is Romario and Dunga holding the trophy . " "  It 's probably my biggest-selling image . It 's been used everywhere . You see it on games , books and god knows what ! " he says . As Brazil 2014 heads toward its climax in Rio de Janeiro 's famous Maracana Stadium on Sunday , Hewitt will be pitch-side once again , ready for another shot at getting his name onto the front pages . It 's what he lives for . "  This is why we do the job . Not many people find out who took the image but I know and I see it . And the more I see it , the better I like it . " Fancy yourself as a photographer ? Send us your best football pics	Getty photographer talks to CNN about the stories behind his iconic World Cup images Mike Hewitt has attended four World Cups during a 28-year career Technique called panning used to capture unusual shot of Messi at 2010 World Cup
Washington  CNN  -- When President Barack Obama took the podium on Tuesday night , he followed in the footsteps of generations of presidents before him : speaking to the American people about a critical issue facing the United States . But he did n't follow literally in those footsteps : Unlike many presidents before him , he spoke from the East Room -- not the traditional setting of the Oval Office . From President Ronald Reagan announcing the invasion of Grenada to President H.W. Bush announcing the beginning of the Gulf War to President George W. Bush announcing the invasion of Iraq , presidents have chosen to use the visual power of the "  Oval . " Obama , though , has used that iconic setting for prime-time speeches only twice during his presidency , both within months of each other . In June 2010 , the president sat behind the Resolute desk and updated the nation on "  the battle we 're waging against an oil spill that is assaulting our shores and our citizens , " after the Deepwater Horizon exploded off the coast of Louisiana . In August of that year , Obama made a point to reference the setting of his speech announcing the end of the combat mission in Iraq . "  From this desk , seven-and-a-half years ago , President Bush announced the beginning of military operations in Iraq . Much has changed since that night , " Obama said . When it was time for Obama to make his major military announcement -- the May 2011 death of Osama bin Laden -- he chose to walk down the long White House hallway to his East Room podium , the same setting he used for his Syria speech . Obama is not the first president , though , to break with tradition of either the location or timing in making major pronouncements . President Bill Clinton 's first comments on his missile strikes in Afghanistan and Sudan in 1998 came from an ad-hoc press room set up in a Martha 's Vineyard school where he was on vacation . He would make a second , more formal announcement later that day from the Oval Office . President H.W. Bush regularly used the Oval Office , and he made perhaps the earliest-ever speech in December 1989 : A 7:20 a.m. nationwide address to announce military action in Panama .	Obama 's speech Tuesday night was in the tradition of other U.S. presidents However , unlike most presidents , Obama again chose the East Room instead of the Oval Office He also told the nation about the death of bin Laden from the East Room
CNN  -- Massachusetts health officials on Tuesday ordered 11 compounding pharmacies to completely or partially shut down , after unannounced inspections were conducted in the wake of a fungal meningitis outbreak . The state 's Department of Public Health began inspecting 40 sterile compounding pharmacies after the multistate outbreak last fall was linked to steroid injections distributed by the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center  NECC  . "  Over the course of the unannounced inspections , partial or complete cease and desist orders were issued to 11 pharmacies for a range of violations , " the health department said Tuesday . Eight of the 11 have submitted corrective plans , officials said . They must implement the corrective measures , including renovations if necessary , and pass re-inspection . Twenty-one other pharmacies were cited for minor deficiencies that have since been corrected or were "  being addressed through corrective measures , " the department said in a statement . Some 696 illnesses and 45 deaths in 20 states were blamed on the injections as of Monday , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said , noting the deaths are from "  all causes among persons who meet the case definition and may not be directly attributed to a fungal infection . " FDA warns patients to be vigilant about drugs from compounding center The public health department in October permanently revoked NECC 's license to operate as well as the licenses of its three principal pharmacists . According to its report , state and federal investigators "  identified serious deficiencies and significant violations of pharmacy law and regulations that clearly placed the public 's health at risk . " Federal authorities also launched a criminal investigation into practices at the company . A second compounding pharmacy surrendered its license after inspectors reported "  significant " issues that could affect sterility , state health officials said . Following the outbreak , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick 's administration launched "  a series of aggressive initiatives " aimed at preventing a recurrence . Those include new regulations requiring sterile compounding pharmacies to report volume and distribution to the state for the first time ; the hiring of additional inspectors ; and legislation filed earlier this month creating additional regulations and requirements .	The pharmacies must partially or totally stop operations The state conducted surprise inspections after a meningitis outbreak Nearly 700 cases and 45 deaths are blamed on the outbreak , the CDC says
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Only at San Diego Comic-Con , the annual gathering of self-proclaimed fanboys and fangirls , can an early screening of a movie feel like a rock concert , and then literally become one . In a surprise on Thursday night , some audience members to the panel for "  Scott Pilgrim vs. the World " -- in which star Michael Cera arrived in a Captain America costume -- were given the chance to see the entire movie early at a nearby theater . The crowd cheered during the movie 's opening credits and roared their approval whenever the title character landed a decisive blow while facing off with his new girlfriend 's "  evil exes . " The movie , based on a Japanese manga-inspired comic book , has a good possibility of appealing to comic book fans and gamers alike . "  It surpassed my expectations , and I 'm a huge fan , " said Gabriel Simon , after the screening , which ended with a performance by the band Metric , while cast members such as Anna Kendrick from "  Up in the Air " rocked out in the balcony . Brittany Hernandez of La Jolla , California , is one of several who said the movie was the highlight of the convention so far . "  I thought the movie was amazing . I saw the panel after the one for ` The Expendables . ' Sylvester Stallone is hard to beat , but that was pretty awesome . " It 's just one of many ways Hollywood studios are trying to get the most bang for their promotional buck among these hardcore filmgoers . Giving them a chance to see early footage is one thing , but some moviemakers are trying a more "  immersive experience " to make sure that the fans have high praise for their top projects , especially when they post to their favorite social media site . "  Pilgrim " does n't stop there , with an off-site area center where attendees can get custom-made T-shirts . Not to be outdone , "  The Green Hornet 's " car , the Black Beauty , and the movie 's "  booth babes , " known as the Green Hornettes are all over Comic-Con . Con-goers can head up to another off-site location , Britt Reid 's Garage , to catch a glimpse of the masked hero 's vehicle of choice , and others owned by the Hornet . "  We tried to take risks and make something interesting , and also make something that is worth this amount of money , " said the Hornet himself , Seth Rogen , gesturing towards the cars . "  We went through a lot of different designs -LSB- for the Black Beauty -RSB- and ended up with basically the same design as the TV show . We just added bigger guns . " A Comic-Con veteran , Rogen prefers Marvel Comics over DC and , as for the convention itself , he says he "  wishes it were a little bit more about the comics , actually . " If cars are n't your thing and you prefer your "  immersive experiences " to be more on the techie side , "  Tron : Legacy " has an app for that : an all-new version of the "  Tanks " game from the Tron arcade can be downloaded onto iPhones . There 's also "  Flynn 's Arcade , " returning to Comic-Con for the second year in a row . This year , there is a scavenger hunt of sorts on Twitter , where attentive fans can gain access to special events inside the arcade , which reveal secrets of the film , among other things . As "  immersive experiences " go , however , "  Salt , " which had all of 24 hours before the movie 's release to make an impression , went the old-fashioned route by revealing a big surprise Thursday : Angelina Jolie favoring the audience with an appearance . Bruce Willis was also on hand to promote the upcoming comic book adaptation , "  Red , " though Oscar winner Helen Mirren may have stolen the show by talking about her first action role . Speaking of action , the aforementioned Stallone was indeed there Thursday , pushing "  The Expendables , " along with just about every other action hero who is n't the governor of the most populous state in the union . Another way to grab fans ' attention is food , and Robert Rodriguez 's upcoming "  Machete " had a taco stand set up on Thursday night , along with an outdoor screening of new footage . There are still a few more high-profile movies hoping to thrill the Comic-Con crowd . "  Green Lantern " starring Ryan Reynolds , and the next two Marvel Comics adaptations , "  Thor " and "  Captain America : The First Avenger " still have their Hall H presentations coming up over the weekend . Visitors to the booths in the exhibitors hall had an early glimpse of Abin Sur , an alien from "  Green Lantern , " and both Thor 's hammer and Cap 's shield were on display . Also , "  Iron Man " director Jon Favreu is hoping that his third time 's a charm at Comic-Con with "  Cowboys & Aliens , " which is still in production . And believe it or not , "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows " will mark that successful movie franchise 's first appearance in San Diego . Prior to the panel , fans are getting a look at the famous horcruxes as they will appear in the movie . At a convention where there is no such thing as too flashy , even the wildly-popular "  Potter " might have to pull off every trick up his sleeve to avoid getting overshadowed .	Fans preview entire movie "  Scott Pilgrim vs. the World , " at Comic-Con Movie studios are employing dancing girls , scavenger hunts , iPhone apps and more The "  Harry Potter " franchise will make first appearance at Comic-Con this year
CNN  -- The social media universe has been aghast this week after the revelation that Prince Alwaleed bin Talal of Saudi Arabia has invested $ 300 million in Twitter . The shock and awe seems to center around the notion that Twitter has been at least partly responsible for the Arab Spring uprisings that directly threaten the Saudi royal family 's grip on power . On the surface , anyway , this seems like a contradiction . Why would the king 's nephew be investing in the medium of his family 's enemy ? Will he attempt to influence the development of the network or try to make it more susceptible to censorship in a regime-threatening emergency ? And what of Twitter ? Will the participation of a major investor widely considered to be the beneficiary of one of the world 's most exploitative dynasties tarnish the company 's otherwise net-friendly brand image ? Why would Twitter accept such an investor , and why would he court them in the first place ? The answer , most simply , is for the money . Prince Alwaleed bin Talal is no doubt aware of Twitter and Facebook 's tremendous influence in his own and neighboring countries , and may even be personally concerned about what a revolution might do to his own and his family 's sovereign rule . But why should that stop him from positioning himself to become the wealthiest deposed royal he can be ? It 's a win-win . For its part , Twitter , which is n't even a public company , is not actually selling shares to a Saudi Arabian prince . It 's Twitter 's early investors who are selling $ 300 million of their own shares to the Prince 's investing group , "  Kingdom Holding Company . " Of course , Twitter benefited by selling those shares initially , and now benefits indirectly as the resale of these shares puts the company 's total valuation up to $ 8.4 billion . The dismay and disillusionment associated with this transaction seems overblown to me , or at least misplaced . In short , we are looking at the wrong medium . We are not witnessing Twitter operate against its central , democratizing premise . We are witnessing money operate in perfect accordance with its own , highly abstracting premise . Money , by its very nature , launders . This is exactly what money and the corporation were invented 700 years ago to do : provide kings and other members of the aristocracy with a way to invest at arm 's length in projects they may or may not want to be associated with . The corporation gives people a way to invest passively in companies whose operations they might not want to know about , much less be known for . Likewise , generic , central currencies give people who have done Lord-knows-what the very same access to markets as those who have earned their money through sweat or innovation . Once it 's money , it is as clean as anyone else 's money . Similarly , once you sell your business to shareholders , they can do what they like with the shares . That 's what is meant by shareholding . In the simplest language possible , when you sell your business , you have sold your business .  Maybe that 's why so many top people have been leaving Twitter lately . Their shares have vested and they are less restricted about what they can do with them once they quit . This is the beauty and horror of investment capital . Just as a Saudi prince can invest in our revolution-inspiring Internet darlings , each of us is free to invest our own retirement savings in the likes of cigarette and liquor companies , weapons manufacturers , polluters , outsourcers and sweatshop exploiters . We can put our kids through college by investing in the very oil companies through which the Saudi royals made their money in the first place . Then , hopefully , our kids can go on to become peace workers , revolutionaries or even Twitter employees . Or not . If we 're truly concerned about the long arm of international investing , we might best reconsider how we invest ourselves . Instead of relying on the anonymity of outsourced investing to the stock market , why not look around for who or what needs money in our towns and communities ? The Obama administration is already in the process of curtailing the regulations that prevent nonmillionaire investors from putting money into one anothers ' businesses . This means we can begin to depend on local money to start-up our own ventures , and on local ventures to build our own savings . And at that point , if we do n't feel like having a Saudi Arabian prince participate , we can just say no . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal invests $ 300 million in Twitter shares Douglas Rushkoff : Investment will not inhibit Twitter 's democratizing influence He says the prince is doing what investors do everywhere : buying shares to make money Rushkoff : Corporations allow investors to put money in without exercising control
CNN  Malaysia 's top court on Tuesday upheld the conviction of opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim on the charge of sodomizing a former political aide , prompting criticism from human rights activists . The decision appeared likely to be the final chapter in a lengthy and politically contentious legal battle , taking Anwar out of contention for elections for the foreseeable future . Anwar , 67 , was acquitted of the sodomy charge in January 2012 . But after the government appealed , a higher court overturned the decision in March 2014 , sentencing him to five years in prison . The Federal Court , the country 's highest , on Tuesday rejected Anwar 's appeal of the conviction and upheld the sentence , according to Bernama , the national news agency . The head of an alliance of opposition parties , Anwar has repeatedly said he is innocent , calling the case against him an effort concocted by the Malaysian government to end his political career . The government denies that accusation . After the court decision Tuesday , Anwar said he "  will not be silenced , " vowing to continue to "  fight for freedom and justice . " "  I will never surrender , " Anwar told CNN by phone , although he conceded that his task will be made a lot harder by the confines of a prison cell . Human rights groups have criticized the case against Anwar , calling it politically motivated . "  Grim day for human rights and democracy in Malaysia , " tweeted Phil Robertson , deputy director of Human Rights Watch 's Asia division . Anwar 's trial "  was blatantly political from day one , " Robertson wrote after the verdict was announced . The Malaysian government said Tuesday that the Federal Court judges "  will have reached their verdict only after considering all the evidence in a balanced and objective manner . " Sodomy , even if consensual , is an offense punishable by up to 20 years in prison in Malaysia . "  Malaysia has an independent judiciary , and there have been many rulings against senior government figures , " the government statement said . Anwar was the heir apparent to former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad until 1998 , when he was sacked and charged with corruption and sodomy . He spent six years in prison after being convicted of corruption charges in 1999 and of sodomy charges involving his wife 's former driver in 2000 . Malaysia 's highest court overturned the sodomy conviction and ordered him released from prison in 2004 . However , the corruption verdict was never lifted , barring him from running for political posts until 2008 . Investigators arrested Anwar again in July 2008 over allegations that he sodomized his former aide , Saiful Bukhari Azlan . The arrest came four months after a loose coalition of opposition parties that Anwar led won 82 of 222 parliamentary seats in elections . It was only the second time in the country 's history that the governing coalition had failed to gain the two-thirds majority needed to amend the constitution . The governing coalition , which has been in power for more than half a century , fell short of that mark again in elections in 2013 but retained its grip on power . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	"  I will never surrender , " Anwar tells CNN after court rejects his appeal "  Grim day for human rights and democracy in Malaysia , " tweets rights activist The government denies the case was political , saying the judiciary is independent
London , England -- Petra Nemcova is a former Victoria 's Secret supermodel-turned-philanthropist . Despite her riches , Nemcova , who grew up with few luxuries in communist Czechoslovakia , told CNN that her most important work is her charity , the Happy Hearts Fund . The model set up the foundation after her near-death experience in the 2004 Asian tsunami . While Nemcova survived by clinging to a palm tree for eight hours , her long-term partner did not . Here , Nemcova shows CNN around Prague and tells of her love for the "  Golden City , " what she learnt from growing up in a communist country and how she keeps smiling -- despite life 's setbacks . CNN : Tell us about the first time you came to Prague . Petra Nemcova : The first time was to visit my aunt and even if Prague is in the same country as my town , it felt like a real journey . For us it was like going somewhere very special , far away , because under the Communist regime you did n't travel that much and Prague was "  wow . " I was overwhelmed and amazed by the beauty of Prague and every time I arrive in Prague , even now , I 'm still amazed . The lighting at night ; the incredible architecture ; the details ; the history ; there was a lot to learn about and a lot to discover . It was a very special experience . The following time I went to Prague was during my early career in the fashion industry and I was traveling once , twice a week from my town to Prague . I would wake up at 5.45 in the morning , take the bus for one hour , then a tram to school . After school I would take a five-hour train to Prague . So it was quite intense at that time , but it was a great experience and it taught me a lot about being independent . CNN : How would you describe Prague , in five words ? Petra Nemcova : Prague is a city of romance , of incredible architecture and history . Some people call it the "  golden city , " some people say it 's the heart of Europe -- although maybe the French do n't like that very much ! Paris is bigger obviously and a bit more hectic and Prague is smaller and has more of a village-y feeling compared to Paris . Prague has more of a calming vibe . It 's not rush-rush-rush . I think when people come here they are surprised by the beauty of Prague and also the vivid colors . I think they may imagine Prague more in gray colors because of the communist association . But since then a lot of reconstruction has been done . Before Prague was shades of grey and black , which was quite mysterious , but now it 's more happy and pretty . In five words it 's historical , inspirational , creative , romantic and beautiful . CNN : What was your childhood like ? Petra Nemcova : Growing up in the Czech Republic -- at the time Czechoslovakia -- was a beautiful childhood because I did n't understand the whole concept of communism . I was only 11 when communism fell down and when the Velvet Revolution happened . I had a really beautiful childhood ... I did n't have the great luxury things , we had very little and we counted every penny . But our parents gave us something more valuable than money -- they gave us so much love and that 's priceless . We did n't get the opportunity to travel all over the world and were able to travel only within the communist countries . So we went around our country to see different castles , little towns and I loved it . So that made us richer . It also made us appreciate nature because we spent every weekend in nature . And the values you learn there are priceless too . You do n't step on flowers , kick on mushrooms , you really respect nature . And the value of appreciation came from not having anything and then having a little bit . Having a clementine for Christmas -- it was an incredible joy and every time I smell a clementine , it brings me back to my childhood . But it was harder for my parents . Because if you were n't part of the system then you did n't get a job and an apartment and it would be really difficult for you . My parents had these passports where every time they would go to these communist meetings they would get a stamp and if you did n't get enough stamps throughout the year , you would get in trouble . CNN : What happened to you in the 2004 tsunami ? Petra Nemcova : I lost my partner and physically , my pelvis was broken four times , I was drowning many times throughout the experience . There were hard moments throughout that experience and some sweet ones . Seeing the compassion of other people risking their lives for strangers , there was just a lot of love around in that moment . That 's what happens actually if you live through disasters , it brings people together , it shows that we are capable of that compassion , but unfortunately it just goes away after some time . CNN : Tell us about your foundation , Happy Hearts ? Petra Nemcova : Happy Hearts is a foundation that I established after the tsunami . It helps children improve their lives after natural disasters through educational and sustainable initiatives . We build or rebuild a school , add computer labs inside and then we build businesses to sustain the school . The education is really a key not just for the children to recover faster from the disaster but also to help them , their families and communities get out of poverty . We help over 23,000 children a year . We give them hope and not just for them but for their parents and communities . The schools elevate the whole community . After the tsunami we went to other countries where disasters happened and one of them was in Indonesia . We work with local partners on the ground and have been able to build 33 kindergartens after the 2005 earthquake and that 's something incredible because it really changed so many lives . Our other project is in Peru , where there was an earthquake in 2007 and we have a commitment to build three schools a year . CNN : If you only had 24 hours in Prague , what would you do ? Petra Nemcova : First of all I would take my friends and family and I would walk around and go to the Charles Bridge because that is my favorite place . Then I would stop by some exhibitions of some new artist . And then I would go and sit down for some tea perhaps at the Musical House . In the evening I may go to a typical Czech pub and afterwards for a concert because I really love them ; they put my mind at ease and inspire me . CNN : How creative is the city ? Petra Nemcova : Many people know about Kafka and some of the other famous writers . But there is a lot of interest in music here and in different types of art . That 's perhaps because art was suppressed during communist times and you were only allowed to read certain authors . That 's why there is such a hunger now for everything that was forbidden . Not just Czech authors but also a lot of American authors because especially anything from U.S. was big taboo and you could not see any movies and you could not listen to any music . I discovered Stevie Wonder seven years ago and I 'm still working on learning and seeing more of the great movies . CNN : If Prague were a person , who would it be ? Petra Nemcova : I think Prague would be our former president Vaclav Havel . He is a proud person and Prague is a proud city ; he 's an artist and Prague is artistic ; he 's an achiever and Prague has achieved so much . He is someone people admire , as they do Prague .	Czech supermodel and philanthropist shows CNN around her "  Golden City , " Prague Nemcova : "  Prague is like former president Vaclav Havel : Admirable , artictic and proud " Nemcova also talks about growing up under communism and surviving the 2004 Asian tsunami
CNN  -- The "  Call of Duty " franchise is a perennial blockbuster , with more than 65 million units sold so far in the United States and hordes of fans lining up each fall to buy the latest installment of the war-simulation video game . Now , Activision Publishing will find out whether fans who are accustomed to dropping $ 60 on a new "  CoD " game each year will also cough up an extra $ 50 to keep their game content fresh . The much-hyped "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 " is set to arrive in stores on Tuesday . As usual , players get inside the helmets of soldiers -- in this case , fighting a near-futuristic global war against Russian forces who have invaded multiple countries , including the United States . The storyline , with battles in London , New York and Paris , is a continuation of its 2009 predecessor . But "  Modern Warfare 3 " will be the first game in the series to launch with a new member service called "  Call of Duty Elite . " Players will be able to sign up for a free social network that encapsulates the new game , last year 's "  Black Ops " and future "  Call of Duty " games . They 'll be able to create a profile that extensively tracks gameplay statistics for multiple "  CoD " games across the various console platforms for which they 're available . Stat systems are typically maintained by console developers , like Microsoft and Sony , which means Xbox 360 gamers can not rank themselves against PlayStation 3 players . The Elite service bridges that gap , although gamers still will not be able to play against someone using a different type of console . Elite users will also be able to share videos or screen shots captured within the game and download "  Call of Duty " stat-tracking applications to their smartphones or tablets . Microsoft and Bungie maintain a similar dedicated service for "  Halo . " Despite competition this fall from fellow first-person shooter game "  Battlefield 3 , " which sold 5 million units in its first week , Activision is confident the "  Call of Duty " franchise has enough muscle to persuade customers to spend the $ 50 per year for premium services . " ` Call of Duty ' is a franchise that 's grown every year of its existence , " Activision Publishing CEO Eric Hirshberg said in a recent interview . "  I think that we are finding that people have a very healthy appetite for content . " Subscribers will be served a new piece of content they can download each month and use to participate in competitions . The content will include new maps and gameplay modes . "  The things that we 're charging for are things that we really would n't be able to provide if we did n't , " Hirshberg said . "  It 's not modeled after anything . It 's kind of a new entry into the model here . " Activision has been working on the Elite service , which was previously called Project Beachhead , for two years , Hirshberg has said . The company formed a division called Beachhead Studio to maintain its development . "  Black Ops " players were able to beta test Elite until mid-October , when Activision shut down parts of the service in advance of "  Modern Warfare 3 's " debut . Subscription gaming has proliferated in a genre called massively multiplayer online role-playing games  MMO , or MMOG  , the most prominent being "  World of Warcraft . " That game happens to be owned by Activision 's Blizzard arm , allowing the Beachhead team to learn from the pros . "  There are a lot of big brains that we picked down at Blizzard , " Hirshberg said . "  They 've done this kind of relationship with consumers , with gamers , very well , probably better than anybody . " Sony has tried to marry the first-person shooter genre with vast online worlds in a game called "  PlanetSide . " It was n't a hit , but the company announced a sequel this summer . Activision believes it has found a sweet spot that wo n't muck with the "  Call of Duty " formula but will still spur gamers to open their wallets . "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 " will be available Tuesday for PCs and the PlayStation3 , Xbox 360 and Wii consoles . The game retails for $ 60 and is rated Mature , meaning it contains content suitable for people ages 17 and older .	"  Call of Duty " franchise is launching a special service alongside new game "  Call of Duty Elite " will have a free stat-tracking component and a paid service "  Modern Warfare 3 " hits stores Tuesday and is expected to be another big hit
An Alabama public high school declined to enroll a 17-year-old Latino student twice "  simply because he was born in Mexico , " the Southern Poverty Law Center said Tuesday . The teen , identified only as "  J.T. " by the SPLC , endured discrimination when he attempted to enroll at Fort Payne High School in January after moving to Alabama from Colorado , the civil rights group said . J.T. immigrated to the United States from Mexico when he was 1 , according to SPLC staff attorney Caren Short . The student 's family met with the district superintendent and "  brought a completed enrollment application , proof of residency in the school district , an immunization record and a Social Security card , " but J.T. was still denied enrollment , the SPLC said . "  The principal did not even look at the documents . After J.T. said he had to make up two failed classes from the previous year , the principal said he could n't enroll him , " the SPLC said . Fort Payne City Schools Superintendent Jim Cunningham said the law forbids him giving information that could identify a student , as well a publicly responding about the "  enrollment concern that has been presented to me . " "  However , I can unequivocally confirm that the Fort Payne City School System in no manner utilizes or considers an individual 's national origin in its enrollment decisions . Indeed , even a cursory review of the system 's current student population , confirms the enrollment of a diverse student body , " he said in a prepared statement . He further said , "  The representative for the individual at issue has been specifically advised that he is more than welcome to immediately enroll into the system subject to the same enrollment criteria applicable to any individual such as himself that is over the age of mandatory school attendance . The individual has been requested to meet with the system this week in order to facilitate the enrollment request . " Michael Sibley , a spokesman for the Alabama Department of Education , told CNN , "  We certainly tolerate no type of discrimination and need to look into it . " In a letter to Cunningham , the SPLC wrote that the "  practices violate federal law that bars discrimination based on national origin , immigration status or limited English proficiency . " The school told the family it was not obligated to enroll J.T. because he is 17 , according a statement by the SPLC . "  It makes me feel like I dropped out , " J.T. said in a statement . "  It 's like I have nothing to accomplish . I just feel worthless . " Alabama state law requires children between the ages of 6 and 17 to attend school , but "  it does not grant the right to deny a child enrollment simply because he or she is 17 , " the letter said . "  This excuse has no basis in district or state education policy , " the letter said . "  It even violates the nondiscrimination policies of the Alabama Department of Education and the district . " The SPLC , a nonprofit civil rights organization based in Alabama , has instructed the district to enroll the student by April 14 . Asked if there were other documented cases of this occurring , Short said the SPLC has heard similar reports out of Fort Payne but emphasized that the group was representing only one teen . She further said that while the SPLC does n't have any national figures available , the U.S. justice and education departments issued a letter to school districts in May 2011 to ensure that no child was denied the opportunity to enroll in school or discouraged from enrolling based on origin or immigrations status . The guidance "  was issued when many states were passing anti-immigrant legislation , including Alabama 's  House Bill 56  , which required schools to record the immigration status of children enrolling in school , " Short said in an e-mail . "  Of course , that provision of the law has been stopped by a federal court . But there remains concern that schools are potentially excluding children based on their national origin , immigration status , or limited English proficiency . " Complaint claims school district discriminated against Latino students	Schools superintendent denies discrimination , says student welcome to enroll Southern Poverty Law Center : Student not allowed to enroll because he was born in Mexico The teen has been in the U.S. since he was 1 and moved to Alabama in January "  It 's like I have nothing to accomplish . I just feel worthless , " teen says
In an embarrassing blow to its perception from an increasingly skeptical public , the Nigerian military Thursday retracted a report that nearly all the 129 school girls kidnapped by suspected Boko Haram militants had been released . Just hours after a parent of an abducted girl claimed the Defense Ministry lied Wednesday about all but eight girls finding freedom , the director of defense said the initial report was "  not intended to deceive the public . " Maj. Gen. Chris Olukolade 's statement did n't indicate how many of the girls were still unaccounted for . "  The number of those still missing is not the issue now as the life of every Nigerian is very precious , " it said . ` Blatant lie ' Distraught parents have waited for news for four days , putting their faith in a military rescue , said Lawan Zanna , father of one of the students . They are shocked that the government resorted to "  blatant propaganda " and a "  blatant lie , " he said . Olukolade said the military received a "  major breakthrough " report from a reliable source who supposedly included information from the principal of the school where the students were seized by gunmen Monday night . But the principal denied releasing any information . "  I never made that claim to anybody , " said Asabe Kwambura , principal of Government Girls Secondary School in the northeastern town of Chibok . "  A total of 14 out of the 129 students taken away managed to escape and the rest are still being held by their captors . " Olukolade called the misinformation an "  unfortunate development indeed . " How many are still missing ? Musa Inuwa Kubo , the Borno state education commissioner , said Thursday that 30 students had come home . But the principal and Zanna each put the number at 14 . Three girls escaped their captors Wednesday and were returned home by herdsmen , Zanna said . Others escaped from a broken truck as the abductors stopped , he said . The military said "  ongoing frantic efforts " of security forces , vigilante groups and hunters are attempting to find and free the students . Rescue teams , aided by surveillance helicopters , were moving deeper into the vast forest that extends into neighboring Cameroon , said Ali Ndume , a senator representing southern Borno state . A broken-down truck believed to have been part of the kidnappers ' convoy was found at the edge of the forest , which suggests the abductors took their hostages into the woods on foot , he added . We ` ran into the bush ' The incident began Monday night , when militants engaged in a gunbattle with guards at the boarding school , and then herded the students onto vehicles and drove off , authorities said . "  They left with us in a convoy into the bush , " said one girl who escaped , but , citing security concerns , declined to identify herself . "  A group of motorcyclists flanked the convoy to ensure none of us escaped . " When a truck broke down , the girls inside were transferred to another truck and the broken one was set afire , the girl said . Another vehicle then broke down and , as the men tried to fix it , "  some of us jumped out of the vehicles and ran into the bush , " she said . "  We later found our way back to Chibok . " Boko Haram means "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language . The Islamist militant group is waging a campaign of violence in northeastern Nigeria , particularly in Borno , Yobe and Adamawa states . The militant group has bombed schools , churches and mosques ; kidnapped women and children ; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders alike . Human Rights Watch says more than 3,000 people have been killed in Boko Haram-related violence in the past five years . Armed militant groups in Nigeria 's northeastern region are nothing new , but Boko Haram has taken the violence to unprecedented levels since 2009 . In early March , Borno closed its 85 secondary schools and sent more than 120,000 students home after increasing attacks by the group . Chibok is in Borno state . Borno is one of three states under a state of emergency since mid-May . Britain offers help UNICEF has called for the girls ' "  immediate and unconditional release " and said attacks on Nigerian schools are getting out of control . British Foreign Secretary William Hague was among the world leaders condemning the kidnappings . "  We stand ready to provide assistance to help the Nigerian government ensure that these children can be returned to their families in safety , and to bring to justice those responsible " for the "  cowardly act , " he said .	Parents accuse the military of lying about the number of girls who are free One father says it 's only 14 of 129 ; official says at least 30 girls escaped Military continues to search forest in northeast Nigeria , official says
Houston , Texas  CNN  -- In the hours after a 2005 refinery explosion that left 15 people dead , a BP executive suggested a holiday weekend and the national furor over a Florida woman 's last days would eclipse the tragedy . With the oil company now battling to save an image tarnished by the worst oil spill in U.S. history , the lawyer who found that e-mail among a mountain of BP documents says nothing appears to have changed . "  Their strategy is the same every time ... And it 's always , first , damage control , " Brent Coon told CNN . "  And with damage control , they accentuate the positive , downplay the negative , tell everybody they 're sorry , they 're gon na fix it , they 're gon na do better , and not to worry . " Coon represented many of the victims of the March 2005 explosion at BP 's refinery in Texas City , near Houston . The blast killed 15 workers and injured 180 , with many of the survivors suffering severe burns , amputations and broken bones . During litigation that followed , Coon extracted about 7 million documents from the company , including the e-mail that discussed whether the upcoming Easter weekend would push the explosion off the public stage . SIU blog : Internal e-mail shows how BP handles a crisis "  Looks like injuries and loss of life are heavy . Expect a lot of follow up coverage tomorrow . Then I believe it will essentially go away -- due to the holiday weekend , " BP America public relations chief Patricia Wright advised other executives . Wright added , "  This is a very big story in the U.S. right now -- but the Terry Schiavo story is huge as well . " Read the email Schiavo was the severely brain-damaged Florida woman whose case became the centerpiece of a national right-to-die battle , and the controversy was reaching a climax just as the Texas City explosion occurred . Coon said the document made him "  sick to my stomach . " But he says the stacks of paper , e-mails and slides uncovered after the Texas City blast offer a rare insight into the culture of BP and may take on a new meaning in light of the massive Gulf spill . BP is now under fire for its failure to shut down a ruptured undersea well in the Gulf of Mexico , a spill that now dwarfs the 1989 grounding of the Exxon Valdez in Alaska 's Prince William Sound . Critics say it has downplayed the scale of the disaster , underreported the amount of oil leaking and is trying to keep images of the gusher under wraps . With its stock plummeting and the environmentally friendly image it spent years cultivating taking a beating , the company has taken out full-page newspaper ads and aired television spots in which CEO Tony Hayward apologizes for the spill and vows , "  We will make this right . " But Coon said BP appears to be following "  the same course of conduct " it did after Texas City . "  I do n't think there 's a shred of evidence in BP 's favor that shows that they 've done anything to change their corporate safety culture , " he said . BP has not responded to multiple requests for interviews with either CEO Tony Hayward or another executive familiar with the Texas City documents . At least four of the people included on Wright 's e-mail are still working as spokespeople for BP , CNN has found . The Gulf spill began when the drilling platform Deepwater Horizon , owned by BP contractor Transocean Ltd. , blew up and sank off Louisiana , taking 11 workers with it . BP , Transocean and oilfield services contractor Halliburton all have pointed fingers at each other in hearings in Washington and in New Orleans . Coon says the documents his law firm unearthed in the Texas City case showed BP employees warned that corners at the plant were being cut , and dangerous conditions were being ignored . "  Quit waiting for a known possible disaster to happen before correcting the problem , " one worker wrote . Another stated , "  This company deliberately put my life in danger to try and save a buck . " A third complained , "  If this facility was an aircraft carrier , we would be at the bottom of the ocean . " Read BP employees ' comments "  What was shocking was that we did n't just find that smoking gun , " Coon said . "  We found an entire arsenal . You could have fitted an army with all of the smoking guns that we found in this . " Also among the documents that turned up in the lawsuit was a guide to filling out incident reports , created by lawyers hired by BP , that urged workers to "  avoid language that is negative , inflammatory or implies criminal intent or willful misconduct . " Coon dubbed one slide from the BP presentation the "  dirty words document , " which tells workers to avoid terms like "  reckless , " "  careless " or "  incompetent . " "  They do n't want to have anything in any of their reports or anything in writing that indicates that they did anything wrong , " he said . The Texas City blast killed 15 BP contractors who were housed in a trailer near the site of the explosion , which originated with equipment used to boost the octane levels in gasoline . In 2007 , BP pleaded guilty to a felony , agreed to pay $ 21 million in fines from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and paid another $ 50 million in criminal penalties in connection with the disaster . The plea agreement required the company to fix the problems that led to the explosion . But when that did n't happen , they fined BP again in 2009 -- an $ 87 million proposed penalty that would be the largest in the agency 's history if upheld . BP is contesting those citations and the assessed penalties . Coon said the Texas City case shows BP "  has a lot of systemic problems that they are never going to change unless somebody makes them change . " "  If they do n't make them change , something worse is going to happen , " he said . "  And it wo n't be that long . And it did happen . "	Documents show BP 's concern over media coverage of deadly 2005 Texas refinery explosion BP exec 's e-mail says coverage of the explosion ` will ... go away -- due to the holiday weekend ' BP is now under fire for failure to cap its oil well in the Gulf of Mexico Lawyer says 2005 documents show BP 's focus on ` damage control ' has n't changed
KHARTOUM , Sudan  CNN  -- In an effort to shut down Khartoum 's Unity High School , a disgruntled former employee alerted Sudanese officials that a British teacher had allowed her class to name a teddy bear "  Mohammed , " a British source and Sudanese presidential palace source told Time magazine 's Sam Dealey . An undated amateur photo shows Gillian Gibbons , who was jailed for allowing children to name a teddy bear "  Mohammed " . Gillian Gibbons , 54 , was convicted last week of insulting religion and sentenced to 15 days in jail and deportation . Sudan 's President Omar al-Bashir pardoned her from her prison sentence on Monday and she later left on a flight for England . The two sources said Sarah Khawad was fired as the school 's secretary in November after an employment spat and threatened to shut down the school . The sources said Khawad did not appear to have a vendetta against Gibbons , but hoped that by bringing the teddy bear incident to the education minister 's attention , he would close down the school for anti-Islamic teachings . Watch Time magazine 's Sam Dealey 's report on the pardon " The private school was shut down after the controversy came to light last week . It is unclear if it will reopen . Although there is no ban in the Quran on images of Allah or the Prophet Mohammed , Islam 's founder , some Muslims consider likenesses highly offensive . The sources said they have confirmed the account with Gibbons . Defense attorneys confirmed that it was Khawad who launched the initial complaint against Gibbons , not a parent as originally thought . Khawad also testified at Gibbons ' trial . Before approaching Sudan 's education minister , the two sources said Khawad tried to enlist two parents , who were also teachers at the school , to join in her protest against the teddy bear 's name , but they declined . Gibbons had been working at the school -- popular with wealthy Sudanese and expatriates -- since August , after leaving her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in Liverpool this summer , said the head of Unity High School , Robert Boulos . She had asked her class of 7-year-olds to come up with a name for the toy as part of a school project , he said . Classmates took turns taking the teddy bear home with them , accompanied by a diary with the bear 's name written in the front of it , he said . She was taken into custody on November 25 and tried days later in a Sudanese court . She was cleared of other charges of inciting hatred and showing contempt for religious beliefs . Gibbons had initially faced the possibility of 40 lashes and a six-month jail term for insulting Islam . The incident sparked a diplomatic row , with British Foreign Secretary David Miliband calling on his Sudanese counterpart to dismiss the charges . Two British lawmakers , both Muslims , traveled to Khartoum to help secure her release . It also resulted in angry protests in Khartoum , with some calling for the British woman 's execution . E-mail to a friend	Disgruntled ex-employee said teacher let class name teddy "  Mohammed " Sources : Sarah Khawad trying to shut down Khartoum 's Unity High School Briton Gillian Gibbons convicted of insulting religion released from jail Gillian Gibbons taken to British Embassy in Khartoum to await flight home
New York  CNN  -- Toyota Motor Corp. has subpoenaed Sean Kane , an auto safety advocate and outspoken critic of the company , asking that he hand over his communications with the media , Congress , government agencies and individual Toyota drivers inquiring about sudden unintended acceleration . Toyota said the subpoenas issued this month to Kane and two of his companies -- Safety Research and Strategies and the Vehicle Safety Information Resource Center  VSIRC  -- "  were a routine part of the litigation process . " Read the full subpoena  PDF Toyota is facing about 200 lawsuits arising over claims that its vehicles suddenly accelerated out of control , injuring or even killing passengers , according to court records . Those lawsuits have been brought under a single federal procedure known as multidistrict litigation , and a trial , if any , would not begin until 2013 . Toyota has denied all claims in the conjoined federal lawsuit . Toyota has requested and been granted confidentiality during pretrial proceedings . This means that no documents generated in pretrial motions , whether favorable or unfavorable to Toyota , can be made public before any trial . Kane , a longtime auto safety advocate , has investigated incidents of sudden unintended acceleration as well as automobile fires and unexplained electronic interference from remote smart keys . He testified before Congress in 2010 during the height of public concern about unintended acceleration amid a massive recall of Toyota vehicles for a variety of reasons , including possible unintended acceleration . On its website , Safety Research and Strategies posts several accounts of Toyota owners complaining about what they believe are incidents of sudden unintended acceleration . "  Mr. Kane 's allegations about unintended acceleration in Toyota vehicles have never had any credible scientific basis and have been thoroughly debunked by exhaustive NHTSA  National Highway Traffic Safety Administration  and NASA studies , " Toyota spokesman Brian Lyons wrote in an e-mail to CNN . In the end , NHTSA ruled out electronic interference as the cause of the sudden intended acceleration , blaming instead floor mats , stuck gas pedals and driver error . In a statement to CNN , Kane called the subpoenas "  another attempt to harass and intimidate us , the scientific community , the media and Toyota 's own customers who have complained about unintended acceleration . " The subpoenas also seek all of his communications stretching back to 2001 with government agencies such as NHTSA and the National Academy of Sciences . The subpoena also seeks any communications between Kane and the news media , including CNN . "  Any and all documents provided by you or VSIRC to CNN , ABC , The Huffington Post or any other news or media outlet or internet site regarding subject vehicles , subject vehicle systems and/or unintended acceleration , including but not limited to documents made available to NHTSA for review and/or presented to NHTSA , " the subpoena reads . Clarence Ditlow , the executive director of the Center for Auto Safety , said the subpoena was "  clearly an attempt to chill Sean Kane 's work . " "  This is just a flat-out heavy-handed approach , " said Ditlow , whose agency was founded by consumer advocate Ralph Nader in 1970 . In March , CNN obtained a Toyota internal engineering memo written in 2006 in Japanese . According to two translations commissioned by CNN , the document confirms that engineers found a problem described as a "  malfunction that caused the vehicle to accelerate on its own " in one translation or "  sudden unintended acceleration " in the other . The memo was written to document pre-production testing of a prototype of a model later sold only in Japan and in Europe . The company refused to provide CNN with its own translation of the document . Toyota vehemently denied the memo showed any forward movement of the test car . The company says the problem was corrected before any vehicles were sold . Toyota spent weeks urging CNN not to publish or broadcast its reporting . Toyota suffered from several quality and safety problems that came to light in the fall of 2009 , eventually leading to the worldwide recall of more than 8 million vehicles for a variety of safety issues , including possible unintended acceleration and problems with anti-lock brake software . The company was hit with more than $ 48 million in civil penalties related to the recalls for a variety of issues , including its failure to notify U.S. agencies about accelerator pedals that could become stuck by floor mats and its handling of the recall of 5 million vehicles with the so-called "  sticky pedals . " This year , Toyota is "  finally showing signs of shaking off the lingering effects of its recall crisis , " with the launch of 19 new or redesigned vehicles for 2012 , according to Fortune magazine , which ranked Toyota No. 4 on its list of most admired automobile manufacturers for 2012 . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Toyota has subpoenaed auto safety advocate and critic Sean Kane Kane called it an attempt by Toyota to "  harass and intimidate " its critics Toyota said the subpoena is just a routine part of pretrial process Toyota faces about 200 lawsuits over alleged sudden unintended acceleration
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- The gunbattle was so close it rattled the walls . I grabbed my camera and pointed it out the window , looking toward Independence Square . From more than 10 stories up , I filmed the chaos . Protesters were all around , ramming into the lines of police officers . Black smoke hung in the air . Gunfire rang out . I saw a medic shot in the arm . He was helped to safety . I saw at least 20 wounded people carried away . But the gunmen could not be seen . There was panic . People looked skyward , scanning rooftops for snipers . At one point , a crowd of protesters stormed this hotel . They searched , floor to floor , trying to confirm a rumor that snipers were shooting from here . Then there was another rumor about what was in the lobby of this hotel . I clutched my camera and ran down the stairs . Little did I know then that I was about to see even more misery in what would turn out to be the worst day I 've seen since arriving in Kiev . As I ran , I noticed bullet holes in the stairwell windows . Three had pierced through a second-floor window . Three more had shattered through another window . And then I saw the bodies . There were five bodies underneath the stairs , lifeless feet peeking out of the white sheets that covered them . There were more bodies lined up just feet from the reception desk . They were wrapped in white sheets and red splotches bled through . A priest paced back and forth . We were told that the priest had blessed the bodies even though people were still trying to find out who the victims were . Protesters went through the pockets of the fallen , searching for identification cards . We were told that the wounded and dying had to be brought to the closest place . That 's why this hotel had been chosen . There were no ambulances , just people struggling to drag in the fallen . This happened just hours after the Ukraine government declared a truce in the fighting here that has shocked the world . Clearly , the truce had not held . A day ago this looked like a typical hotel lobby . Now it was a makeshift morgue . I counted 11 bodies . We were told later that in all 13 people had been rushed into this hotel , three of them clinging to life . None of them made it . On the other side of the lobby someone was wiping streaks of blood off the white marble floor . Outside , gunfire still rang out . And they continue to bring in bodies . CNN 's Todd Baxter dictated from Kiev , Ukraine . Lateef Mungin wrote from Atlanta .	CNN cameraman describes filming chaos , clashes , gunshot victims He sees five bodies in a stairwell , more piled up in lobby of his hotel "  A day ago this looked like a typical hotel lobby . Now it was a makeshift morgue , " he says
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Heavy gunfire reverberated in central Cairo before dawn Thursday as supporters and foes of embattled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak continued to face off at Tahrir Square , where chunks of concretes and Molotov cocktails were employed as weapons in the escalating crisis . CNN personnel saw wounded people being carried into Tahrir Square , largely held by anti-regime demonstrators , through an entrance that leads to the nearby Egyptian Museum . Several ambulances entered and left the square shortly before 4 a.m. Thursday . The source of the gunfire was not immediately known . Voices were heard chanting a prayer after a day of violent street battles in central Cairo . Sustained automatic weapons fire , including from what sounded like a heavy machine gun , echoed around the square , the epicenter of nine days of protests calling for Mubarak 's ouster . Anti-government demonstrators hunkered down behind makeshift barricades in the square and outside the nearby national museum against the onslaught , which demonstrators said included plainclothes police officers . "  They 're coming in with weapons . They 're spreading violence , " human rights activist Gigi Ibrahim told CNN on Wednesday . "  We 've had peaceful protests here since Friday and no violence here . Only today were we faced with this really violent reaction . " The pro-government protesters were not impeded by the army when they entered the square , CNN 's Ben Wedeman said early Thursday . Anti-regime protesters are now unhappy with troops , whose commanders had promised Monday not to use force against peaceful demonstrations , for standing by , he said . Small fires burned in the square early Thursday , some spreading to trees and walls . Egypt 's health ministry reported four people were killed and 829 were wounded in Wednesday 's clashes , according to the state television network . Reported fatalities in the previous eight days of demonstrations ranged as high as 300 , but CNN has not been able to independently confirm the death toll . In one surreal moment , whip-wielding Mubarak supporters thundered through the crowd astride horses and camels , and at least one man was pulled off his mount and beaten . A Mubarak supporter who spoke to CNN said the riders were pyramid workers who were protesting the negative economic impact of the crisis . "  What you are seeing is the demonstration of the real Egyptian people who are trying to take back their country , trying to take back their street , " said businessman Khaled Ahmed , who described himself as "  pro-Egyptian . " But some observers said the pro-Mubarak push Wednesday was likely orchestrated by a regime bent on breaking up peaceful demonstrations . "  These are tactics that are well-known in Egypt , " Michele Dunne , a senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , told CNN 's John King . Robert Kagan of the Brookings Institution said the "  rent-a-thugs " were likely sanctioned and paid by the government . This is meant to create an image of chaos so the government can move in to restore order , he said . "  Mubarak has -- now , certainly , with the violence today , but even before that -- lost the confidence of the overwhelming number of the Egyptian people , " Kagan said . As night fell , the sound of gunfire reverberated in Tahrir Square , the name of which means "  liberation " in Arabic . People hurled verbal insults , Molotov cocktails , rocks and anything else they could find -- shards of metal , sticks , shoes -- at one another . Desperate for more ammunition , they dismantled sidewalks and picked up chunks of cement to throw . They beat each other in what rapidly spiraled into utter mayhem . Hundreds of injured people were treated by doctors and medical staff , who turned to volunteers for assistance . CNN iReporter Hunter Moore , 26 , helped treat the wounded . The U.S. schoolteacher said Tuesday 's crowds at Tahrir Square were mostly peaceful . "  It went downhill really , really quickly " on Wednesday , he told CNN . It was unclear whether such confrontations were being repeated elsewhere . Other Cairo neighborhoods were calm , and rallies in Egypt 's second-largest city , Alexandria , were largely peaceful . Mubarak 's opponents had stood shoulder to shoulder in Tahrir Square to call for his immediate resignation in a massive rally on Tuesday . The 82-year-old president 's announcement that night that he would spend the remaining seven months of his current term working to ensure a "  peaceful transition of power " failed to satisfy them , and they vowed to keep up the pressure on him to resign . The crisis has paralyzed the Egyptian economy , as the government has closed banks , idled trains and shuttered schools . Markets are running short of basic food staples , and the situation is hurting the ability of ordinary citizens to join the demonstrations , opposition activist Ziad Aly told CNN . "  We ca n't get enough bread . We ca n't get enough food supplies , " he said . Vice President Omar Suleiman reiterated the government stance that the people have been heard , that they should go home and that they should stop demonstrating . Protesters should respect the curfew and "  enable people to return to their jobs and their daily lives , and to allow schools and universities to reopen , " he said in a statement . The state-run television network , Nile TV , sought to portray the unrest as a "  foreign conspiracy " fueled by international journalists , several of whom -- including CNN 's Anderson Cooper -- were attacked during Wednesday 's clashes . Despite reports that shots had been fired , Nile TV 's reporters denied any shooting had taken place or even that violence had broken out in Tahrir Square . The network also said that members of the opposition Muslim Brotherhood were heading to the square "  to throw balls of fire and to start acts of riots and violence . " When asked if that were true , Mohamed Morsy , a spokesman for the Muslim Brotherhood , said the action came from all segments of the Egyptian people , "  not the Muslim Brotherhood only . " Morsy told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that the time for change is now , not when Mubarak 's term ends . "  We need a new era , a new regime , " Morsy said . "  We have a constitution . " Asked whether Suleiman could lead the government until new elections , Morsy said the head of the country 's supreme court should fulfill that role . In Washington , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said an end to violence was "  imperative . " "  It is our hope that what we saw today , we wo n't see tomorrow or Friday or into the weekend , " he said . But Mubarak 's government bluntly told outsiders to mind their own business . "  Our interactions within our country are Egyptian affairs and nothing more than that , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Hossam Zaki said . Egypt "  will continue to be a beacon of moderation and stability in our region , " he said , but its people must settle their differences without "  intervention from the outside . " Though Mubarak 's concessions were large and remarkable for a man who has held a tight grip on power for three decades , it was too little , too late for many Egyptians . "  He is unfortunately going to continue the agony for another six or seven months , " opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradei said Tuesday night . However , Mubarak supporter Waleed Tawfik told CNN that not all Egyptians agree that Mubarak should step down immediately . "  Change will not happen overnight . There 's not a magical button for change . Change will take time , " he said . The Egyptian army ca n't sit on the sidelines too much longer , or it could risk unraveling , said a foreign policy expert . The army needs to pick a course of action by Friday , when more mass protests are expected after prayers , Richard Haass , president of the Council on Foreign Relations , told CNN 's "  Parker Spitzer . " The Egyptian crisis is among the aftershocks of the revolt in Tunisia that forced that nation 's longtime strongman to flee to Saudi Arabia in mid-January . In Yemen , President Ali Abdullah Saleh -- who has been in office for 32 years -- said Wednesday he will not run for president nor hand over power to his son once his current term ends in 2013 . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Frederik Pleitgen , Ivan Watson , Tommy Evans , Saad Abedine , Hala Gorani , Amir Ahmed , Jomana Karadsheh and Arwa Damon contributed to this report	Several wounded people are taken into Cairo square after new gunfire The Egyptian army ca n't stay on the sidelines , a foreign policy expert says An expert says the regime is likely orchestrating the unrest , paying "  rent-a-thugs " State television reports 4 dead , 820-plus wounded
Italian football club Lazio must play their opening home game of the season with a section of their fans banned from the match as punishment for racial abuse . Organisers of Italy 's top-flight championship Serie A said in a statement that it had found Lazio fans guilty of "  shouts and chants expressive of racial discrimination against three players of the opposing team " during the Italian Supercup final Sunday . The match , which was won 4-0 by defending Serie A champions Juventus , was held at Lazio 's Olympic Stadium in Rome . League chiefs said Lazio supporters in the Curva Nord stand twice directed sustained abuse at the players involved in the traditional Serie A curtain raiser . As punishment , that section of the ground will now be closed for Lazio 's match against Udinese on 25 August . France midfielder Paul Pogba was one of the Juventus players targeted by abuse by some of Lazio 's more hardcore supporters . He told the French news agency AFP : "  What can I do ? I 'm alone against 30,000 fans . They do that even though there are blacks in their team . "  It 's also a lack of respect towards their own players . "  It 's really not nice to come to a football match and hear those sort of things but I 'm a player , I concentrate on my job . " Italian football has been plagued by racist discrimination , with the sport 's authorities struggling to eradicate the problem despite repeated efforts . In June the Italian Football Federation brought in new rules allowing referees to stop matches and warn fans about their behavior , while players and clubs could potentially face tougher sanctions . Last season Lazio fans were found guilty of racist behaviour by Uefa four times . Following Sunday 's Supercup final , Juventus and Lazio were also both fined by 5,000 euros after fans lit flares in the stands .	Italian club Lazio forced to shut a section of their ground for opening Serie A match The terrace closure is punishment after Lazio fans were guilty of racist abuse Fans in the Curva Nord shouted abuse at black Juventus players during Supercup final Juventus player Paul Pogba says abuse "  shows a lack of respect "
CNN  -- China 's ruling Communist party unleashed a blistering attack Wednesday on dissident artist Ai Weiwei -- and on the West for criticizing his apparent arrest . Ai has not been seen since Sunday , when he and an assistant said on Twitter that they had been taken into custody en route to Hong Kong . China broke its silence Wednesday with a pair of articles in a Communist party newspaper . One Global Times piece said he had been "  detained by police , according to overseas media reports . " The other article , an editorial , said Ai "  has been close to the red line of Chinese law ... as long as Ai Weiwei continuously marches forward , he will inevitably touch the red line one day . " "  He will pay a price for his special choice , which is the same in any society , " said the editorial , which called him "  an activist , " and "  a maverick . " Ai , one of the country 's best-known artists , helped design the iconic Bird 's Nest stadium for the Beijing Olympics , but later called for a boycott of the 2008 games because he said China was using them as propaganda . The artist has also accused the Chinese government of trying to silence dissidents . The Global Times editorial Wednesday blasted "  Western governments and human rights institutions " for calling for his release . It accused them of "  reckless collision against China 's basic political framework and ignorance of China 's judicial sovereignty to exaggerate a specific case , " and failing to find out "  the truth . " "  The West 's behavior aims at disrupting the attention of Chinese society and attempts to modify the value system of the Chinese people , " the Global Times said . The Chinese-language version of the article is harsher , saying criticism from the West is the reason Chinese people "  loathe " it . Ai Weiwei 's name has apparently been censored on Chinese online forums , but people are getting around the ban by using nicknames and puns , or by using his father 's and wife 's names in posts . Some also refer to him as a baker of sunflower seeds , a reference to his installation at London 's Tate Modern art museum of 100 million painted pottery sunflower seeds . Police surrounded his studio Sunday after authorities reportedly detained him at a Beijing airport . "  They crack down on everybody who has different opinions -- not even different opinions , just different attitudes , " he told CNN last year . "  Simply to have different opinions can cost  dissidents  their life ; they can be put in jail , can be silenced and can disappear . " In the past , Ai has noted that he has paid a price for his own dissent . In January , the artist said authorities placed him under house arrest to stop him from attending an event he planned after officials announced that his new studio would be demolished . "  Just recently I heard the new studio I built in Shanghai will be demolished , all because of my activities , " Ai said at the time . "  So what is my activity ? My activity is very simple , asking basic rights for people to freely express themselves and also to find a new structure , a new way of communicating . Because I 'm an artist and this is what I do and I believe in that . " In the past several weeks , Chinese authorities have detained and arrested a number of lawyers and human rights activists amid calls for anti-government protests similar to those that have swept the Middle East . CNN 's Eve Bower , Eileen Hsieh and Kristie Lu Stout contributed to this report .	Articles in the Communist party newspaper seem to confirm his arrest They warn that he will "  pay a price for his special choice " The Global Times also condemns the West for interfering , saying Chinese people loathe it Ai Weiwei helped design the 2008 Olympics Bird 's Nest stadium
CNN  -- Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney addressed the Republican National Convention on Wednesday . Here is the text of that speech : Former Gov. Mitt Romney says Sen. John McCain will rein in government spending . Romney : Thank you . Thank you so very much . Ann and I love you all . We have a deep feeling in our hearts for you . We respect you for the values you have and the vision we have for America together . Thank you so much , our dear friends . We sure love you . Thank you . You know , for decades now , the Washington sun has been rising in the east . You see , Washington has been looking to the eastern elites , to the editorial pages of the Times and the Post , and to the broadcasters from the -- from the coast . Yes . Watch Romney 's entire speech " If America really wants to change , it 's time to look for the sun in the west , because it 's about to rise and shine from Arizona and Alaska . Last week , the Democratic convention talked about change . But what do you think ? Is Washington now , liberal or conservative ? Let me ask you some questions . Is a Supreme Court decision liberal or conservative that awards Guantanamo terrorists with constitutional rights ? It 's liberal . Is a government liberal or conservative that puts the interests of the teachers union ahead of the needs of our children ? It 's liberal . Is a Congress liberal or conservative that stops nuclear power plants and off-shore drilling , making us more and more dependent on Middle Eastern tyrants ? It 's liberal . Is government spending , putting aside inflation , liberal or conservative if it doubles since 1980 ? It 's liberal . We need change all right : change from a liberal Washington to a conservative Washington . We have a prescription for every American who wants change in Washington : Throw out the big-government liberals and elect John McCain and Sarah Palin . It 's the same prescription for a stronger economy . I spent 25 years in the private sector . I 've done business in many foreign countries . I know why jobs come and why they go away . And I know that liberals do n't have a clue . They think that we have the biggest and strongest economy in the world because of our government . They 're wrong . America is strong because of the ingenuity , and entrepreneurship , and hard work of the American people . The American people have always been the source of our nation 's strength , and they always will be . We strengthen our people and our economy when we preserve and promote opportunity . Opportunity is what lets hope become reality . Opportunity expands when there 's excellence and choice in education , when taxes are lowered , when every citizen has affordable , portable health insurance , and when constitutional freedoms are preserved . Opportunity rises when children are raised in homes and schools that are free from pornography , and promiscuity , and drugs , where there are homes that are blessed with family values and the presence of a mom and a dad . America -- America can not long lead the family of nations if we fail the family here at home . You see , liberals would replace opportunity with dependency on government largesse . They grow government and raise taxes to put more people on Medicaid , to take work requirements out of welfare , and to grow the ranks of those who pay no taxes at all . Dependency is death to initiative , to risk-taking and opportunity . It 's time to stop the spread of government dependency and fight it like the poison it is . You know , it 's time for the party of big ideas , not the party of Big Brother . Our economy is under attack . China is acting like Adam Smith on steroids , buying oil from the world 's worst and selling nuclear technology . Russia and the oil states are siphoning more than $ 500 billion a year from us in what could become the greatest transfer of economic wealth in the history of the world . This is no time for timid , liberal , empty gestures . Our economy has slowed down this year , and a lot of people are hurting . What happened ? Mortgage money was handed out like candy , and speculators bought homes for free . And when this mortgage mania finally broke , it slammed the economy . And stratospheric gas prices made things even worse . Democrats want to use the slowdown as an excuse to do what their special interests are always begging for : higher taxes , bigger government , and less trade with other nations . It 's the same path Europe took a few decades ago . It leads to moribund growth and double-digit unemployment . The right course is the one championed by Ronald Reagan 30 years ago and by John McCain and Sarah Palin today . The right course is to rein in government spending , lower taxes , take a Weedwacker to excessive regulation and mandates , put a stop to tort windfalls , and to stand up to the Tyrannosaurus appetite of government unions . The right course -- the right course is to pursue every source of energy security , from new efficiencies to renewables , from coal to non-CO2 producing nuclear , and for the immediate drilling for more oil off our shores . And I have -- I have one more recommendation for energy conservation : Let 's keep Al Gore 's private jet on the ground . Last week , last week , did you hear any Democrats talk about the threat from radical , violent jihad ? No . You see , Republicans believe that there is good and evil in the world . Ronald Reagan called out the evil empire . George Bush labeled the terror-sponsor states exactly what they are : The axis of evil . And at Saddleback , after Barack Obama dodged and ducked every direct question , John McCain hit the nail on the head : Radical , violent Islam is evil , and he will defeat it . This party ... You 're hearing it here . You 're hearing it here , and they 're hearing it across the country . You see , in this party , in this room tonight , and all over America , people in our party prefer straight talk to politically correct talk . Republicans , led by John McCain and Sarah Palin , will fight to preserve the values that have preserved the nation . We 'll strengthen our economy and keep us from being held hostage by Putin , Chavez , and Ahmadinejad . And we will never allow America to retreat in the face of evil extremism . Just like you , just like you , there 's never been a day when I was not proud to be an American . We -- we Americans inherited the greatest nation in the history of the Earth . It 's our burden and our privilege to preserve it , to renew its spirit so that its noble past is prologue to its glorious future . To this we 're all dedicated . And I firmly believe , by the providence of the almighty , that we will succeed . President McCain and Vice President Palin will keep America as it has always been : The hope of the Earth . Thank you , and God bless America .	Romney : The right course is the one championed by Ronald Reagan Romney : Republicans prefer straight talk to politically correct talk Romney : It 's time for the party of big ideas , not the party of Big Brother
CNN  -- Funerals in Ghana are not only an occasion to mourn . They are also an opportunity to celebrate the life of the dearly departed . Hardly ever a somber , low-key affair , Ghanaian funerals are a social event attended by a large number of mourners , which could reach hundreds -- the more , the better . "  That means the person was very friendly , very charitable , was good to socialize , was having a good communication with the people within the society , " says Jamima , a family friend who attends the funeral of the 70-year-old Joanna Boafo in the town of Kumasi . Ghanaians may spend as much money on funerals as on weddings , sometimes even more . "  An average funeral should cost between $ 15,000 - $ 20,000 , " says Kwaku , a funeral planner who is in charge of 30 funeral parties on this one day alone . That includes the obligatory giant , colorful billboards that announce funeral arrangements . The billboards , which may cost from nearly $ 600 to $ 3,000 , are placed at strategic spots for everybody to see , often dotting the cities ' skylines . Most funerals are held on the weekends , most frequently on Saturdays . Mourners , usually dressed in black or black and red traditional funeral clothing , may travel to other towns or villages , and in turn they expect the bereaved families to provide food , drinks , music and dance . The extravagance also extends to the caskets . Coffins have become a statement in Ghana . They are usually brightly colored and elaborate . They may have fanciful shapes that resemble the dead 's favorite objects , or represent their profession . Thus , a carpenter may have a coffin shaped like a hammer , or a shoe for a shoemaker . There are also caskets shaped like Coca-Cola bottles and airplanes . Ghanaians revere the dead so much that funerals are at the heart of Ghanaians ' social life . Lavish spending on funerals has invited criticism from political and religious leaders . "  We are investing in the dead rather than the living ... and that is bad , " legislator Alban Bagbin once said . Charles Gabriel Palmer-Buckle , the Archbishop of Accra , said : "  The surest way to remember the dead is not the type of coffins used to bury them nor is not the type of cloth or T-shirt won during their funerals , but doing something positive for the dead which would benefit the living . " Funeral rites also involve some official crying by mourners , as well as praying . The Boafos , like many grieving Ghanaian families , hold a church service for Joanna as well . But the rest of the funeral ritual is purely party time . "  I think she would be very happy , " says Richard , son of Joanna , as mourners are dancing and having a good time . "  I think if she is anywhere , if my mother is anywhere right now , she will be very happy . " See also : Ghana : Keeping one of Africa 's stars of democracy shining See also : Bamboo bikes turn around fortunes for working women in Ghana Yenni Kwok contributed to this report . CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Ghanaian funerals are an opportunity to celebrate the life of the dearly departed A large number of mourners attend funerals -- the more , the better Bereaved families have to provide food , drinks , music and dance for their guests It is not uncommon for families to go into huge debts to finance expensive funerals
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  For almost a week , avalanches caused by heavy snowstorms have killed 196 people in the mountainous province of Panjshir , Afghanistan , officials said on Monday . Ten new avalanches were reported early Monday morning , without any casualties . Over the weekend , a total of 40 avalanches hit the area , said Bab Jan Hakimi , head of disaster response at the Afghan Red Crescent Society . Rescue operations and emergency assistance by air and ground are still ongoing , Hakimi said . However , authorities fear the toll will grow much higher since rescue personnel have yet to reach the worst affected areas . President Ashraf Ghani , who visited the area on Saturday , declared three days of mourning in Afghanistan for the victims . Panjshir is a small , mountainous province north of the capital , Kabul . Its residents are generally poor , earning their living as farmers , shepherds or operators of small businesses such as groceries . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul , Afghanistan and journalist Naomi Ng wrote from Hong Kong .	Authorities fear the toll from deadly avalanche will grow higher Panjshir is a small , mountainous province in Afghanistan
CNN  -- Sports reporter Erin Andrews has filed a lawsuit alleging the hotels where a peephole stalker secretly videotaped her were negligent , according to a statement from the law firm representing her . The lawsuit also accuses Michael David Barrett , who has pleaded guilty to stalking the ESPN reporter , of invasion of privacy and intentional infliction of emotional distress . The suit , filed Thursday , alleges that Barrett received information from hotels when he called them to see if Andrews had made reservations to stay there . "  Not only did the hotels confirm that Ms. Andrews was intending to register as a guest , but they also released , without Ms. Andrews ' consent , her room number . The hotels then provided Michael David Barrett a hotel room immediately adjacent to hers , " the statement from law firm Greene , Broilett & Wheeler said . Hotels named as defendants in the civil suit include Marriott International Inc. and Radisson Hotels International Inc. . Representatives from those companies did not immediately return requests for comment . "  Although I 'll never be able to fully erase the impact that this invasion of privacy has had upon me and my family , I do hope that my experience will cause the hospitality industry to be more vigilant in protecting its guests from the time they reserve a hotel room until they check out , " Andrews said in a statement Thursday . She said she filed the lawsuit "  to hold accountable those who put my personal safety at risk and who allowed my privacy to be invaded while I was a guest at their hotel , as well as for actually stalking me and making my most personal moments public . " Barrett pleaded guilty to a federal stalking charge in December 2009 after prosecutors accused him of altering hotel peepholes so he could shoot video of Andrews while she was nude . In court papers , prosecutors stated that Barrett -- an insurance company employee from Westmont , Illinois -- posted as many as 10 videos of Andrews to the internet . In March , a federal judge in Los Angeles , California , sentenced Barrett to two and a half years in prison . Andrews ' civil suit , filed in the Circuit Court of Cook County , Illinois , accuses the hotels of negligence , negligent infliction of emotional distress and invasion of privacy .	The ESPN reporter is suing the hotels where a man recorded nude videos of her Erin Andrews says the hotels were negligent and invaded her privacy The lawsuit also says stalker Michael D. Barrett inflicted emotional distress Barrett pleaded guilty to stalking earlier this year
CNN  -- David Waller has some simple advice for anyone looking to improve morale at their organization -- even if it 's not the easiest advice to follow . IAEA deputy director David Waller calls Nobel "  a bolt of lightning " for his staff "  I say to them , jokingly , ` Why do n't you try winning the Nobel Peace Prize ? ' " he said . Waller , deputy director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency , knows what he 's talking about . The organization , based in Vienna , Austria , and dedicated to the safe and peaceful use of nuclear power , was awarded the prize in 2005 . President Barack Obama was the surprise winner Friday of this year 's peace prize . But for most of this week 's other winners , the honor marks a leap from relative obscurity to a spot in the international limelight . Waller said the scientists , authors , activists and others receiving Nobel honors this week should be prepared for an experience that will change their lives in the months and years that follow . "  The day that it was announced that we were winning the Nobel Peace Prize , I can assure you that it was like a bolt of lightning that went through this place in terms of energizing staff and giving people a sense of self-worth , " he said . "  It was absolutely remarkable . " In all , 172 people and 33 organizations were nominated for the peace prize -- although the Oslo , Norway-based Nobel committee had not announced who its finalists were . The peace prize is one of five awards handed out annually by the Nobel Foundation in Stockholm , Sweden . The other four prizes are for physiology or medicine , physics , chemistry and literature . Starting in 1969 , the Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel also has been awarded . The peace prize is the last of the awards to be announced this week and the Riksbank prize will be awarded Monday . Even for an organization like the IAEA , a United Nations affiliate that traces its roots back to 1957 , things were never the same after receiving the revered award , Waller said . "  Many , many things changed , " he said . "  The number of applications we had for positions here , which was already high , skyrocketed . People returned phone calls very quickly . The whole spectrum of things of that nature changed . " Elizabeth Dobie-Sarsam , a media specialist with the agency , remembers the day it received the Nobel -- she was on vacation and asleep on her sister 's floor in Canada when it was announced . "  For three years running , we had been sitting on the edges of our chairs hoping that we won , " she said . "  That year , for some reason , we thought , ` Oh , forget it . We 're not going to get it . ' " The trip back to Vienna would have taken her too long to handle the initial rush of attention , so she finished her vacation , with family members introducing her as "  the Nobel Peace Prize winner " for the rest of the week . Months later , Dobie-Sarsam said , she was still working to keep up with a flood of media interest in the agency spurred by the award . She said that , four years later , the award still contributes to a feeling of unity among the agency 's more-than 2,000 employees who come from over 100 different countries . "  That flush of excitement , unfortunately , it goes away with time , " she said . " -LSB- But -RSB- you do get reminded . You walk through the corridor and you see that certificate hanging -- it 's acknowledgement that what we do is incredibly important . " The Nobel recipient receives a prize of 10 million Swedish crowns , or about $ 1.4 million , another life-changer for many recipients . But Waller said it 's the recognition of what the Nobel panel called the "  incalculable value " of his agency 's work that helps when employees are having a hard time with their sometimes slow , frustrating work . "  I think it 's a continuing energizer for our staff , " he said .	Deputy director says Nobel was "  bolt of lightning " for staff Nobel foundation named Obama the 2009 peace prize winner Friday Recognition , applications will rise with announcement , winners say International Atomic Energy Agency won in 2005 for work in nuclear field
DUBAI  CNN  -- A court in Dubai sentenced two men Wednesday to 15 years in prison for the rape and kidnapping of a 15-year-old French boy . Veronique Robert , mother of the 15-year-old French-Swiss teen , speaking outside a court in Dubai . The boy 's mother , Veronique Robert , was visibly upset after the sentence was read and promised to appeal . Robert , a French journalist , brought the case to the media 's attention in recent months in an effort to shed light on what she deemed to be injustices in the pro-Western emirate of Dubai . Robert said Wednesday 's sentence was too lenient for a crime that she believes is tantamount to attempted murder because one of her son 's attackers was knowingly HIV-positive at the time of the rape . She refrained from asking the death penalty for her son 's attackers , but said she hoped the sentence would be much longer . A spokesman for the Dubai government , Habib al Mulla , told CNN the sentence was in accordance with international standards and was not lenient . "  Today 's verdict has proven that the system is efficient and is fair to all parties involved , " al Mulla said . The case began in July , when the two men , 36 and 18 , kidnapped and raped the French teenager at knifepoint . Robert contacted French diplomats , who took up the allegations with Dubai authorities . Al Mulla said police action was swift and arrests were made within 24 hours . But Robert has said the case was botched from the start , beginning with her son 's examination by a doctor who said her son was gay . Homosexuality in Dubai is illegal , and the teen could have faced as much as a year in prison . Robert 's son has since returned to France and was not in court for Wednesday 's sentencing . Robert has also said Dubai authorities repeatedly concealed evidence -- confirmed in court papers -- that one of the attackers was HIV-positive . Robert said her son , who is still awaiting test results to find out whether he has the virus , could have gotten treatment much sooner had they known . Dubai authorities deny any evidence was concealed . The case has shed light on Dubai 's attitudes toward rape and homosexuality , which some Western observers have said is outdated . Al Mulla , however , said Wednesday 's sentencing and the government 's handling of the case proves the country 's system works . "  It 's today 's verdict which proves that there is a system , " al Mulla said . "  The system is working properly . However , if there is any room for any improvement in the system , we 'll definitely look into it , consider it , and if there 's any room for improvement , we 'll implement it . " The mother has already filed suit in courts in Paris and Geneva , Switzerland seeking compensation from Sheikh Khalifa , president of the United Arab Emirates , and the prime minister and vice president of Dubai , Sheikh Mohammed al Maktoum . She is also suing others , including the Dubai police chief . Robert started a Web site over the summer , boycottdubai.com , demanding better treatment for children who suffer sexual assault there . At a press conference last month , she proclaimed , "  We are here because I just would like first justice for my son ; and second for every girl and boy who was raped and even had no chance to speak . " Robert said she will drop all her pending cases if the government sets up rape clinics , recognizes the status of rape victims , and takes precautions after rape against sexually-transmitted diseases . In the wake of Wednesday 's verdict , Robert said a Dubai government official told her the emirate plans to open its first rape clinic , which she said was a small victory . The government has not yet officially announced its plans to open such a facility . Al Mulla told CNN that Dubai believes a reception center for rape victims is "  a good solution . " "  We are considering it , " he said , regarding Robert 's request . "  We believe it 's good . It 's good for the victims , and it 's good for the whole system . " E-mail to a friend CNN correspondent Wilf Dinnick contributed to this report .	Dubai court sentences two men to 15 years for rape , kidnapping of 15-year-old boy One of the attackers was knowingly HIV-positive at the time of the rape Family of the French victim says this makes attack akin to attempted murder Family say case investigation botched , want more severe sentence
As a result of its ongoing player lockout , the National Hockey League is canceling regular-season games through October 24 , the league announced Thursday . The season was scheduled to start October 11 , but recent meetings between representatives for the players union and the NHL have failed to produce a collective bargaining agreement . "  If the owners truly cared about the game and the fans , they would lift the lockout and allow the season to begin on time while negotiations continue , " said Don Fehr , the executive director of the players ' union . "  A lockout should be the last resort in bargaining , not the strategy of first resort . For nearly 20 years , the owners have elected to lock out the players in an effort to secure massive concessions . " The cancellation wiped out 82 games from the schedule and comes one week after the league called off preseason games . NHL.com reported Tuesday that NHL Deputy Commissioner Bill Daly said the players and owners had lost $ 100 million due to the cancellation of the preseason . NHL cancels preseason games Russia mourns hockey players killed in crash	NHL calls off first 82 games of the 2012-2013 season Players ' rep says league should lift the lockout and let season begin on time League official tells website two sides have lost $ 100 million so far
CNN  -- Amid the death and destruction of life in Gaza , a spark of hope for the future : A Palestinian couple have married in a makeshift wedding ceremony at the UNRWA shelter which has become their temporary home . Omar Abu Namar , 30 , and Heba Fayad , 23 , moved to the shelter -- a U.N. school in Gaza City 's Shati refugee camp -- after their homes in Beit Lahiya were destroyed in the conflict with Israel , throwing their wedding plans into disarray . Fayad 's white dress and other items for the wedding were lost , and she and her husband-to-be faced the prospect of having to postpone their special day indefinitely , before friends , family and others stepped in to help . "  I went to UNRWA and told them that I am engaged and asked them if they can help me to do the wedding , " Abu Namar explained in an interview with the Watania Media Agency , published on YouTube . "  They said yes , we will help you with it . They stood by me , and helped with the wedding from A to Z. " UNWRA offered to host the wedding at the shelter , and even paid for the couple to spend their first few nights as husband and wife at a hotel , away from the crowds of thousands of fellow displaced people now living under the same roof . Those crowds -- the couple 's new neighbors -- were in attendance as Abu Namar and Fayad celebrated their wedding . For many the party , complete with dancers , music , balloons and cake , offered a much-needed break from the bloodshed , and a chance to forget the troubles of recent weeks . "  Now that we are at the wedding , we have a change of spirits : enough depression and melancholy , this is something else , " guest Haya Aziz told the Agence France-Presse news agency  AFP  . UNRWA spokesman Christopher Gunness told CNN the wedding was a rare piece of good news for Gaza . "  It is truly heartwarming that amid the carnage and devastation we have a story of love and humanity -- it is a reminder of the dignity and the destinies that lie behind the statistics . " But he added that despite the individual romance of Abu Namar and Fayad 's story , "  one must never lose sight of the fact that Gaza has seen its worst devastation in recent memory . " READ MORE : Gaza cease-fire extension holding READ MORE : Mideast spiraling in war and terror READ MORE : What are the prospects for peace ? CNN 's Carol Jordan , Andrew Carey , Antonia Mortensen and Ali Younes contributed to this report .	Omar Abu Namar , 30 , and Heba Fayad , 23 , were married in ceremony at UNRWA shelter The couple moved to the Gaza shelter after their homes in Beit Lahiya were destroyed UNRWA paid for the couple to spend their first few nights as husband and wife in a hotel
It 's known as "  the Titanic of the Golden Gate . " There was a thick morning fog the morning of February 22 , 1901 , when the SS City of Rio de Janeiro struck jagged rocks at Fort Point near where the Golden Gate Bridge now stands . The name for the famous bridge comes from the Golden Gate Strait , which is the name of the entrance to the San Francisco Bay from the Pacific Ocean . The ship sank within 10 minutes , killing 128 of the 210 passengers and crew aboard the ship . The ship was filled with mostly Chinese and Japanese emigrants . The U.S. Consul-General in Hong Kong , who was returning to the United States on leave with his wife and two children , was also on board . The entire family died in the tragedy . Nearby fishermen rescued the survivors clinging to makeshift rafts and flotsam . The shipwreck was the highest loss of life at the Golden Gate , and both the captain  who went down with the ship  and pilot  who survived  were found guilty of gross negligence . Now the first modern images of the ship have been released -- and the detailed sonar pictures and three-dimensional images of City of Rio taken in November are amazing . One of the great maritime mysteries may be solved in Canadian waters Although salvagers had found the wreck in the 1980s , its exact location was hard to pinpoint during the latest search because the 1980s coordinates did n't match U.S. government sonar data of wrecks in the area . Documenting the shipwreck in 287 feet of dark , muddy water was part of a two-year study by the U.S. National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration 's Office of National Marine Sanctuaries Maritime Heritage Program . The study is intended to document shipwrecks in the Golden Gate National Recreation Area and Gulf of the Farallones National Marine Sanctuary . "  We are undertaking this exploration of the San Francisco Bay in part to learn more about its maritime heritage as well as to test recent advances in technology that will allow us to better protect and understand the rich stories found beneath the Bay 's waters , " said James Delgado , director of maritime heritage for NOAA 's Office of National Marine Sanctuaries , in a press release . So far , the agency has mapped nine of nearly 200 ships , including the SS City of Chester , which was rediscovered late last year near the City of Rio . Hibbard Inshore and Bay Marine Services donated a research vessel and crew , and a high-powered remotely operated vehicle , to find and map the City of Rio de Janeiro wreck site using Coda Octopus 's three-dimensional Echoscope sonar .	A 1901 San Francisco Bay shipwreck has been found SS City of Rio de Janeiro struck rocks and sank within minutes Some 128 of 210 passengers were killed The government is using donated 3D technology to find shipwrecks in the area
CNN  -- India blew Bangladesh away with a strong display in the field , wrapping up a 113-run victory over the hosts on the final day of the first Test in Chittagong . Ishant Sharma gave India early breakthroughs in the morning , Virender Sehwag and Zaheer Khan chipped in with vital wickets and Amit Mishra completed a four-wicket haul as India cantered to victory with a session to spare . Mushfiqur Rahim delayed the end with a stroke-filled 101 after opener Tamim Iqbal bolstered the innings with 52 , but the home side -- 67 for two at the start of play -- were bowled out for 301 . A diligent approach was required of the home side if they were to save the game , but instead their batsmen played into India 's hands with an aggressive approach . But that attacking intent was nipped in the bud when batsman Mohammad Ashraful attempted to drive Ishant on the up , only for an edge to be neatly snapped up by Rahul Dravid at second slip . Victory for India then seemed a foregone conclusion when Raqibul Hasan , who suffered a painful rap on the elbow , was trapped in front by Ishant with a delivery that nipped in . Tamim helped Bangladesh recover somewhat from those early blows , the opener hammering a wayward Shanthakumaran Sreesanth for two boundaries in one over and reaching his third Test half-century with a reverse sweep of Mishra . But Sehwag brought himself on just before the lunch interval and struck in his second over , luring Tamim into a wild slash and inducing the edge , Dravid completing the dismissal with a sharp catch at slip . Shakib Al Hasan was Mishra 's first victim of the day and Mahmudullah went shortly after , losing out to Zaheer . Shahadat Hossain and Mushfiqur held up the end with a 60-run stand for the eighth wicket , but Mishra ended that stand , boring through Shahadat 's defensives and bowling him through the gate . Mishra should have had another wicket but Yuvraj dropped a simple catch from Shafiul Islam , extending the tailenders stay . But that reprieve hardly proved costly as Mishra held a low return catch from Shafiul in the next over to send back the batsman . The home side had slipped to 258 for nine by then and the session was extended and the tea interval delayed . With an attacking field in place , runs were there for the taking and Mushfiqur cashed in , reaching his maiden century with a straight-driven boundary off Mishra , his 17th boundary . He had already smashed a six by then and had reached the milestone off only 112 deliveries , the fastest-ever century by a Bangladesh batsman . Mishra , however , brought up victory by prising out Mushfiqur , the wicketkeeper-batsman lofting the bowler over the top , but only finding the fielder at long-off .	India blew Bangladesh away with a strong display in the field on the fifth day of the first Test match The tourists wrapped up a 113-run win in Chittagong to take an early lead in the series Mushfiqur Rahim had delayed the end with101 , the fastest-ever century by a Bangladesh batsman
CNN  -- Two commuter trains collided near Argentina 's capital on Tuesday , killing at least three people and injuring hundreds more . Rescuers rushed to evacuate people and tend to the wounded , who were lined up on stretchers near the smashed train cars . At least 315 people were hurt in the accident , which occurred just after 7 a.m. in a western suburb of Buenos Aires , Argentina 's state-run Telam news agency reported . "  The lights went out suddenly , and there was an explosion . I was in the last car . The only thing you could hear were screams , " passenger German Garay told Telam . "  People became desperate to get out . They were stepping on each other . " Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner expressed solidarity with the train crash victims and their families in a speech at an event in Buenos Aires Thursday night . "  In addition to solidarity and pain , I feel anger and impotence , " she said . "  Because the truth is , we are putting everything  into the train system  , not just economic resources and investment , but also time and human resources . When things like this happen , it hurts all of us . " A preliminary investigation indicates that one train rammed into another train that was stopped between stations , Telam said . Authorities said they were still looking into what caused the collision , which occurred near the Castelar stop on the Sarmiento line . "  We want to determine if it was foul play or an accident , " Transportation Minister Florencio Randazzo told reporters . "  If it could have been avoided , it was not accident , and there will be one or more people responsible . " Transportation officials said the trains had been checked by mechanical engineering inspectors in March . Thursday 's crash happened nearly 16 months after a commuter train on the same rail line crashed into a barrier at a station in Buenos Aires , killing 50 people and injuring hundreds . That crash sparked a criminal investigation . More than two dozen suspects , including former government officials , are awaiting trial , accused of mismanagement and defrauding the public . Now a government consortium oversees the train line , rather than a private company . But family members of victims of the 2012 crash said Thursday 's collision was a sign that little has changed . "  It is the same and it keeps getting worse . As the days pass , the trains get older , " said Maria Lujan Rey , whose son died in the 2012 crash . And government officials , she claimed , continue sending trains to corrupt companies for repair . "  So what do you think could have changed ? " she said . "  Nothing . " Journalist Ivan Perez Sarmenti and CNN 's Miguel Escalona contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 315 people were injured in the train collision , state media reports NEW : Passenger : "  The only thing you could here were screams " NEW : Argentine president : "  I feel anger and impotence " Video shows rescuers rushing to the scene and tending to the wounded
Travel + Leisure  -- No matter how many times he steers the 450-passenger Seabourn Sojourn through Norway 's Lofoten Islands , captain Hamish Elliott eagerly anticipates his favorite point : the entrance to Trollfjord , a fairytale-like landscape with towering cliffs on either side . Scenic views are the most priceless part of an amenity-packed cruise experience . And , as savvy travelers seek more adventure opportunities , cruise lines are responding by charting a course to ever more beautiful-and remote-corners of the map . The world 's most scenic cruises include the Kimberley , a gorgeous coastline of rugged red cliffs and white sands in northwestern Australia . In this outback , where the Indian Ocean meets the Timor Sea , remote islands proliferate , and rivers and inlets-accessible only by small ships-lead to isolated gorges , towering rock faces , and waterfalls . But big ship lines , too , are bringing passengers to ocean-accessible scenic wonders like Alaska 's Inside Passage , where the roar of calving glaciers is best experienced from the vantage point of a ship 's deck . It List : Best new hotels 2011 Beauty may be in the eye of the beholder , but on the world 's most scenic cruises , Mother Nature serves up views that will please even the most jaded traveler . Antarctica and the South Shetland Islands The captain charts a course south from Argentina 's tip to the "  Great White Continent , " where wild beauty comes in the form of spectacular glaciers , giant white and blue icebergs , and snowcapped mountains . In this stark setting , you can spot orca and sperm whales from the deck and observe penguins and elephant seals up-close on island stops . What you wo n't find is any sign of humans  beyond a smattering of scientific research stations  . Season : November -- February . Sample Itinerary : 11-day Antarctic Explorer , round-trip from Ushuaia , Argentina , on the 122-passenger Clipper Adventurer . From $ 4,890 per person , based on double occupancy . Travel + Leisure : America 's best beach hotels Galapagos Islands Located some 600 miles off the coast of Ecuador , and virtually untouched by man , these islands have fostered hundreds of species found nowhere else on earth . Giant tortoises , curious iguanas , blue-footed boobies , and Charles Darwin 's famous finches are the main attractions . You 'll cruise past volcanic peaks and beaches , with opportunities to schmooze with land critters , snorkel with sharks , or watch the birds and contemplate the ongoing evolution in this wild spot . Season : Year-round . Sample Itinerary : 7-day on the 92-passenger Celebrity Xpedition , from Baltra , Ecuador . From $ 3,499 per person , based on double occupancy . Baja California/Sea of Cortez "  The world 's aquarium " is what Jacques Cousteau called the protected azure waters of the Sea of Cortez . Cruisers who venture here get to mingle with marine life like the California gray whales that come to Baja to breed . But the dramatic desert-meets-sea scenery is its own calling card , with views ranging from giant cacti and craggy lava-shaped cliffs to mangroves and pristine beaches . Season : December -- March . Sample Itinerary : 7-day Among the Great Whales on the 62-passenger National Geographic Sea Bird , from La Paz/San Carlos . From $ 5,240 per person , based on double occupancy . Alaska Cruising the calm waters of Alaska 's Inside Passage delivers high-drama views , namely , the awesome sight of immense glaciers thunderously calving into the sea . But what may linger in your memory is the sheer vastness of the wilderness , icy and forested . Keep your binoculars handy to catch glimpses of whales , eagles , and , if you 're lucky , a grizzly . Season : May -- September . Sample Itinerary : Weeklong Eastern Coves on the 68-passenger Wilderness Discoverer or 57-passenger Wilderness Adventurer , between Juneau and Ketchikan . From $ 1,795 per person , based on double occupancy . The Kimberley The rugged red cliffs and white sands of northwestern Australia make for one of the wildest , most beautiful coastlines in the world -- and the best parts are accessible only by ship . In this outback territory , where the Indian Ocean meets the Timor Sea , remote islands proliferate , and rivers and inlets lead to isolated gorges , towering rock faces , majestic waterfalls  as high as 328 feet  , and roving saltwater crocodiles . Season : April -- October . Sample Itinerary : 10-day , from the frontier cities of Darwin or Broome , on the 50-passenger Coral Princess . From $ 7,337 per person , based on double occupancy . Borneo In the heart of the Malay Archipelago awaits the third largest island in the world , where ancient tropical rainforests support a zoological wonderland . There are interesting plants and animal - and bird-life galore , and offshore , the reefs are full of colorful coral and marine life . Do n't miss the monkeys in the wild , particularly orangutans . Season : September -- January . Sample Itinerary : 10-day Camp Leaky on the 100-passenger Orion II  includes a stop at the orangutan rehab center featured in the IMAX film Born to be Wild  . From $ 6,930 per person , based on double occupancy . French Polynesia When you picture paradise , chances are it looks a lot like French Polynesia , an ethereal collection of islands where dark volcanic peaks loom above the greenest of green foliage and turquoise sea . Admire the vivid hues from a deck chair , then don snorkels to get an underwater look at bright corals and tropical fish in every color of the rainbow . Season : Year-round . Sample Itinerary : 7-day Tahiti & Society Islands on the 332-passenger Paul Gauguin . From $ 4,397 per person , based on double occupancy . Hebridean Islands There 's an eerie beauty and otherworldly quality to the Scottish Hebrides , hundreds of sparsely populated islands with rocky cliffs and barren seashores . Rolling moorland leads to striking rock pillars and pinnacles on Skye 's Trotternish Peninsula , while a volcanic peak dominates Eigg , and whales and dolphins frolic off Ulva and Mull . You 'll also be taken in by views of spectacular lochs , bird reserves , and the occasional castle or mysterious stone circle . Season : March -- November . Sample Itinerary : 7-day Footloose to the Western Islands on the 50-passenger Hebridean Princess . From $ 5,060 per person , based on double occupancy . Travel + Leisure : World 's coolest hotel bathrooms The Arctic/Spitsbergen Around the North Pole the polar bear is king . These huge carnivores live among the pristine beauty of glistening glaciers and enormous icebergs that will take your breath away -- no matter how many photos you 've seen . Encouraged by the midnight sun , Arctic wildflowers bloom , and thousands of rare seabirds , walruses , reindeer , beluga whales , and other creatures also make appearances . Season : June -- August . Sample Itinerary : 6-day Polar Encounters on the 100-passenger M/S Fram , from Longyearbyen , Norway . From $ 3,230 per person , based on double occupancy . Travel + Leisure : Best barbecue restaurants in the world Madagascar As you island-hop across the Indian Ocean , passing Mauritius , Reunion , and the Comoros , you 'll be wowed by such sights as volcanoes  both extinct and active  , dense forests , and some of the most pristine beaches and teeming coral reefs in the world . The East African cruise experience peaks at Madagascar , so big it 's been dubbed the "  eighth continent , " which presents the added allure of lemurs -- those spooky primates whose eyes make them look perpetually startled . Season : December -- March . Sample Itinerary : 15-day East Africa , from Mauritius to Zanzibar on Zegrahm Expeditions ' 110-passenger Clipper Odyssey , one of the only ships that devotes more than a day to the remarkable island of Madagascar . From $ 12,480 per person , based on double occupancy . New England The colorful leaves that light up the Eastern Seaboard each fall are recognized worldwide as one of nature 's best shows . Seeing the red and gold display from the sea is a refreshing alternative to traffic-clogged roadways . Plus there 's the added delight of rugged coastline and sightings of humpback and minke whales . Cruises typically head up to Canada , and some seek out a route that includes the tree-lined fjord of the Saguenay , which cuts through what may be the oldest rocks on earth . Season : September -- October . Sample Itinerary : 10-day Canada/New England , including Saguenay , on Holland America 's 2,100-passenger Eurodam from New York or Quebec City , from $ 1,499 per person , based on double occupancy . Norwegian Fjords The crystal-clear Norwegian Fjords serve up an embarrassment of natural riches . These stunning waterways cut right through 1,000-foot cliffs , revealing snowcapped mountains , glacier-fed waterfalls , and rolling lowlands . The spectacular views just keep on coming and continue well past dinnertime as you cruise with the midnight sun . Season : May -- August . Sample Itinerary : 9-day Norwegian Fjords , round-trip from Copenhagen on the Seabourn Sojourn . From $ 3,995 per person , based on double occupancy . Planning a romantic getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Most Romantic Hotels . Copyright 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Cruise ships small and large are bringing passengers to secluded destinations Seeing popular scenery from the ocean , like New England 's fall foliage , gives a new perspective Alaskan , Nordic and Arctic cruises are a nice contrast to traditional island spots
CNN  Following last year 's successful U.K. tour , Prince and 3rdEyeGirl are bringing the Hit & Run Tour to the U.S. for the first time . The first -- and so far only -- scheduled show will take place in Louisville , Kentucky , the hometown of 3rdEyeGirl drummer Hannah Welton . Slated for March 14 , tickets will go on sale Monday , March 9 at 10 a.m. local time . Prince crowns dual rock charts A venue has yet to be announced . When the Hit & Run worked its way through the U.K. in 2014 , concert venues were revealed via Twitter prior to each show . Portions of the ticket sales will be donated to various Louisville charities . See the original story at Billboard.com . © 2015 Billboard . All Rights Reserved .	It will be a first time for the tour stateside First show will be in Louisville , Kentucky
CNN  -- She grew up in one of the poorest spots on earth . She could n't read or write . As a child , she scrounged for food each day for herself , her mother , and her brother . But a chance encounter with a chess coach turned her into a rising international chess star , the subject of a book -- and the protagonist in a future Disney movie . Ugandan teenager Phiona Mutesi is "  the ultimate underdog , " her biographer says . Those who work with her believe she 's 16 . But since her birthday is unclear , she might still only be 15 , they say . Her father died from AIDS when Mutesi was around 3 . "  I thought the life I was living , that everyone was living that life , " the teenager told CNN , describing her childhood in Katwe , a slum in the Ugandan capital of Kampala . Read more : Uganda 's Little League team have a field of dreams "  I was living a hard life , where I was sleeping on the streets , and you could n't have anything to eat at the streets . So that 's when I decided for my brother to get a cup of porridge . " Robert Katende , a missionary and refugee of Uganda 's civil war , had started a chess program in Katwe . He offered a bowl of porridge to any child who would show up and learn . "  It teaches you how to assess , how to make decisions , obstructive thinking , forecasts , endurance , problem solving , and looking at challenges as an opportunity in all cases -- and possibly not giving up , " he told CNN . "  The discipline , the patience ... anything to do with life , you can get it in that game . " Mutesi did not become a top player overnight . But from the time she first showed up in 2005 , her aptitude was clear . Her talent is "  extraordinary , " said Katende . Mutesi liked chess , and started training and practicing regularly . "  It took me like a year " to get very good , she said . She walked about four miles a day to practice -- and to get that precious food . Soon she found herself beating the older girls and boys in the program . Read more : Doctor-turned-kayaker fights malaria in Uganda Mutesi and her family faced pressure from some people in Uganda who insisted chess was a white man 's game , or at least not something girls should be playing , according to her biographer , Tim Crothers . But in her slum , so few people even knew what chess was that they did n't give her a hard time , Mutesi told CNN . Eventually , she became her country 's champion -- and represented Uganda at international tournaments . In 2009 , she traveled to Sudan . Then , in 2010 , she boarded an airplane to Siberia . When the flight took off , "  I thought that I was maybe in heaven , " she wrote in a letter to her mother quoted in Crothers ' book . "  I asked God to protect me because who am I to fly to the europlane . " Mutesi had also never seen ice before . Read more : Marathon man Kiprotich ends Uganda 's long wait for Olympic gold This year , she played in Istanbul . Mutesi is not one of the world 's top chess players . But she is the first titled female Ugandan player . She has a fighter 's instinct to reach the top level -- and to achieve much more . "  Chess gave me hope , whereby now I 'm having a hope of becoming a doctor and ... a grand master , " she said . A grant from a program called Sports Outreach has allowed her to go back to school . She 's learning to read and write . Meanwhile , Mutesi is becoming an inspiration to people all over the world . Some learned about her through Crothers ' article for ESPN , which went viral . Others have seen a brief documentary about her on YouTube . Crothers ' book about her , "  The Queen of Katwe , " was published this fall . "  That she 's from Africa makes her an underdog in the world . The fact that she 's from Uganda makes her sort of an underdog in Africa , because it 's one of the poorer countries in Africa . The fact that she 's in Katwe makes her an underdog in Uganda because it 's the most impoverished slum in the entire country . And then to be a girl in Katwe -- girls are not treated as equals to the boys , " said Crothers . "  Every hurdle that the world can place in front of her it has placed in front of her . " The extreme poverty and deprivation in Katwe is hard for many around the world to imagine . Crothers wrote that "  human waste from downtown Kampala is dumped directly into the slum . There is no sanitation . " Mutesi wakes at 5 a.m. every morning to "  begin a two-hour trek through Katwe to fill a jug with drinkable water , walking through lowland that is often so severely flooded by Uganda 's torrential rains that many residents sleep in hammocks near their ceilings to avoid drowning , " he wrote . In the country of 34 million people , about one-fourth live below the poverty line , according to the CIA World Factbook . About three-quarters of the men in Uganda are literate ; only 58 % of women are . Mutesi told CNN she 's never heard of Idi Amin , the so-called butcher of Uganda , who helped plunge his country into economic chaos throughout the 1970s . She does know the name Joseph Kony , a brutal Ugandan warlord who was the subject of a viral video earlier this year . Kids talk about him , Mutesi said . "  He was in northern Uganda torturing people and could kidnap children . That 's what I know . " Chess could prove to be Mutesi 's ticket out of a hard life -- particularly through a project that lies ahead . Disney has optioned the rights to "  The Queen of Katwe , " and is starting work on a movie , Crothers said . It 's all too much for Mutesi to fathom . "  I feel happy , " she said when asked about the growing attention . "  I 'm excited . I did n't have hope that one time , one day , I would be like someone who can encourage people , and they start playing chess , " she told CNN . As her world travels take off , she 's in for more and more culture shock . "  I do n't like New York because there 's too much noise in it , " the teenager said with a big smile . But while it may be somewhat overwhelming for her , Mutesi 's success at the game she loves is bringing joy to her family . "  Some of them cried . Years back we did n't have hope that ... one day it can happen , " she said . "  So they are very excited . "	Phiona Mutesi grew up in a slum in Uganda 's capital To get a bowl of porridge , she went to a missionary 's chess program She now travels the world as a rising chess star She 's the subject of a book that Disney is turning into a movie
CNN  Throwing your keys at the parking valet as you sashay onto a flight may seem like the stuff of James Bond films , but already a robotic valet is taking the sweat out of getting on a plane at Germany 's Dusseldorf airport . Rather than getting behind the wheel , however , this robotic valet physically lifts your three tons of road machinery and slots it into pre-designated robot parking bays . Nicknamed RAY by its creators , the automated forklift truck is the brainchild of Germany 's Serva Transport . Aimed at business travelers in a hurry , the automated parking system can be controlled and booked via an app . All travelers have to do is drop the car off in a designated area , go to a nearby touch screen to confirm the car is empty , and RAY does the rest . RAY uses sensors to measure and photograph the car , it then gently lifts it and takes it to one of 249 parking spots reserved for the robot forklifts . The company claims that its space-saving system -- which uses lasers and sensors to measure not just the height and width of the cars but accessories such as wing mirrors and fenders -- can park 60 % more cars than a human driver . The system is also connected to the airport 's flight data system : RAY will retrieve the car based on flight itineraries . The app also lets car owners communicate with RAY if there are any flight delays . The airport charges $ 29 a day  $ 40  or $ 4  $ 5.50  an hour for the service , which the airport 's management said was likely to appeal to time-strapped corporates . "  Our product is especially appealing to business travelers , who arrive at the airport shortly before the flight , seek efficient parking , and return within a few days , " Thomas Schnalke , the airport 's managing director , said in a statement . A new tie-up with Volkswagen announced this month aims to increase the efficiency of RAY by getting the car and the parking robot to communicate with each other . "  Our jointly developed technology exchanges data automatically between RAY and Volkswagen cars via Bluetooth and thus facilitates the parking progress , " said Rupert Kock , the managing director at Serva Transport Systems . But RAY is not the only robot valet on the block . A New Jersey startup called Boomerang also aims to take parking to the next level by using an automated parking system that can park hundreds of cars without human intervention . Shuffling them like the squares in a giant Rubik 's Cube in garages that need no light and little ventilation , the company says the system not only saves on energy but can fit more cars into a smaller space , freeing up valuable land for other real estate . According to Boomerang CEO Mark Patterson the advantage of his system is that it is designed with multiple entry bays , multiple robots and multiple lifts so there is no single point of failure . "  If any one thing goes down , we can still operate the system , " he told CNN . Drivers put their car into a parking bay that places the car on a large steel tray . Robotic wheeled platforms slide under the vehicle and then transport it to the bays following buried wires in the floor of the carpark . Patterson says its increased throughput means the bays can be filled and emptied more quickly than conventional carparks . "  Our system is installed in a garage with level concrete floors so there 's total fire separation between floors like in a conventional garage - most legacy systems are steel rack structures with no separation between floors , " he said . "  Developers like it because you can park 100 % more cars in the same space and that 's a big value proposition . " The other advantage is that the carpark is a ` sterile ' environment that has no need for human intervention . "  The cars are not running in these garages so there 's a big savings on air handling equipment , " Patterson said . "  You need seven or eight air changes an hour with traditional carparks versus just one or two with this system . " Similarly , there 's also no need to illuminate the building to the sort of levels that would deter muggers or other attackers that lurk in the gloom of multi-story carparks . "  Robots do n't care if it 's dark , " Patterson said . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Would you let a robot swim in your bloodstream ? Digital nose on a chip can sniff out cancer Meet the world 's first 1,000 mph car	Germany 's Dusseldorf airport has installed a robotic parking system called RAY It can be controlled via an app and retrieves cars based on flight arrivals data It can park 60 % more cars than a human operator and costs $ 5.50 an hour
CNN  -- A search is under way for a pregnant 20-year-old Marine who has been missing from Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , since December 14 . Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach was eight months pregnant when she went missing on December 14 . Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach could give birth at any time , Onslow County Sheriff Ed Brown told the Jacksonville , North Carolina , Daily News on Monday . The sheriff 's department said Lauterbach 's mother said that her daughter , of Montgomery , Ohio , had witnessed an incident at Camp Lejeune and was to testify about it . Sheriff 's department officials said evidence causes them to be concerned about Lauterbach 's disappearance , WITN reported . The Marine 's car was found Monday at Jacksonville 's bus station , Brown told the Daily News , and her cell phone had been found at Camp Lejeune 's front gate on December 20 . Her mother reported her missing on December 19 , and told the sheriff 's department "  that she was very suspicious that something bad may have happened to her daughter , " the department said in a news release . Watch Lauterbach 's mom say what raised her concerns " Investigators told the Marine Corps Times that a withdrawal from Lauterbach 's bank account was made on December 14 and said there was "  suspicious activity " on the account 10 days later . December 14 was also the last time Lauterbach 's cell phone was used , authorities told the Marine Corps Times . The Raleigh News and Observer , citing Brown , reported that the woman 's mother said her daughter phoned home or her relatives up to 12 times a week and the mother became concerned when she did not hear from her daughter for five days . A Facebook page established to help find Lauterbach says she was last seen December 14 in Jacksonville . "  Call mom !!! You know the number , " the page says . "  All of us love you and we miss you . Please come home ! " The page contains pleas for contacts from fellow Marines and friends of Lauterbach in Ohio . Lauterbach is a personnel clerk assigned to Combat Logistics Regiment 27 , 2nd Marine Logistics Group , II Marine Expeditionary Force , the Marine Corps said . She joined the service on June 6 , 2006 . E-mail to a friend	Lance corporal due to give birth at any time , sheriff says Marine 's car found Monday at bus station Mother reported Marine missing on December 19 Sheriff : Marine was to testify about incident at base , according to mother
CNN  -- Cold weather frosting much of the country spared Florida 's citrus crop Tuesday , but more near-record lows expected overnight will pose another challenge . "  We came through last night in pretty good shape , " said Andrew Meadows , a spokesman for Florida Citrus Mutual . "  We had some reports of mid-20s scattered across the citrus belt but it was n't for any duration . " Fort Lauderdale recorded its lowest temperature on record for December 7 , dropping to 40 degrees Tuesday morning . The old record was 42 , set in 1841 . The National Weather Service issued hard freeze warnings for Tuesday night into Wednesday morning for much of the Florida panhandle , with freeze warnings and watches extending as far south as Hollywood . Parts of Alabama and Georgia were also under a freeze warning . Meanwhile , parts of North Carolina , Virginia , West Virginia , Maryland , Pennsylvania and Vermont were under winter weather warnings Tuesday for additional snow . Some areas have already received as much as a foot of snow . At least one death was blamed on the cold in South Carolina . In Marion County , the coroner said Tuesday that a 47-year-old man found dead Monday outside a home in Mullins apparently died of hypothermia . The unusually early cold weather is the result of a blocking pattern over the Atlantic Ocean that is helping to allow freezing air from Canada to flow into the eastern half of the country , said CNN meteorologist Rob Marciano . "  Basically , the cold weather pattern is going to remain for the next two weeks , " he said . "  There will be a couple of days where it will warm up before we get the next surge of cold . " The sprawling system has dumped snow from Minnesota east to Virginia , with more expected Tuesday and Wednesday . While nothing as drastic as snow is forecast for Florida , the prospect of another near-freezing night had Salvation Army officials in Fort Lauderdale preparing for twice as many homeless people to make use of their shelter . "  The first cold night , not so many come in , " said Sally Gress , director of development for the Salvation Army office in Fort Lauderdale . "  We 're expecting about 100 as people realize how cold it is . It 's cold and it 's getting colder . " In Coral Springs on Florida 's west coast , Michigan resident Rob Brown was reveling in what he considered to be warm weather as he worked in a long-sleeved T-shirt at the family Christmas tree stand . For the past 15 years , Brown 's family has cut trees from their farm in Greenville , Michigan , to sell in south Florida . "  You work , you do n't break a sweat , " he said of the weather . But his customers are n't so fond of the conditions , he said . "  The colder weather definitely does put them more in the Christmas spirit , but I think it 's too cold for them . They wake up in the morning and it 's 35 degrees and they think it 's the end of the world , " he said . Although the chilly temperatures left the Deep South shivering , the upper Plains states were bearing the brunt of the cold snap . Overnight lows in parts of Montana and North Dakota dipped into negative territory Tuesday morning , and they bottomed out in the teens across broad areas of the Upper Midwest . "  We had above-normal temperatures for much of the fall and I think this is the first really good winter outbreak of the year and people just are n't really used to it , " according to Brian Korty of the National Weather Service , who said there may be a silver lining to the early cold . "  Usually when you get a very cold December across the eastern part of the country , usually the pattern flips and very often you will see a warm January and February . " CNN Radio 's Greg Black and CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report	NEW : At least one death is attributed to the cold The Florida citrus crop escapes damage in the season 's first cold snap Another round of freezing temperatures is forecast for overnight
CNN  -- Anna Hazare , the 74-year-old Indian activist set to begin a 15-day hunger strike at a public venue , delivered a message Thursday to the thousands who have taken to the streets in support of his anti-corruption crusade . "  Your revolution has energized me , " he said in a YouTube video posted by his adviser , Kiran Bedi . Speaking from Tihar jail in which he was staying -- though he was not a prisoner -- he added , "  I will stay here tonight and will be out with you tomorrow . " "  My health is good . In fact , I am more alert than ever . We will not stop until we get this Lokpal bill , " he said , referring to the anti-corruption body that protesters want set up . And he warned his strike could go on longer . "  They 've given me 15 days , but if the Lokpal is not established , I will extend my fast by another seven days . " He added , "  The people out on the streets are finding it difficult to live because of the corruption . The public will continue to be on the streets as long as this Lokpal is n't created . " Bedi , a former police adviser , wrote in a tweet posting a link to the video , "  It was destiny doing this . Share . Anna is ours . " She added , "  Jai hind " -- long live India . Hazare was planning to go on a hunger strike to call for stronger anti-corruption measures when he was detained Tuesday . As thousands took to the streets to protest the arrest , authorities let him free , but he refused to leave the jail . He accepted a police proposal that will allow him to fast in New Delhi for two weeks . The site chosen is Ramlila Maidan , a public ground that often stages exhibitions and events . He plans to arrive at the grounds Friday . Hazare only recently rose to national prominence , as his protest seems to have struck a chord with Indian society across the spectrum because corruption is pervasive at all levels of government , observers say . A new website ipaidabribe.com , in which people can denounce the corruption they encounter in their daily lives , quickly gained popularity . Hazare 's detention appears to have added to his popularity , because it makes it look like the government is going after the messenger rather than offering solutions . Corruption is considered an endemic problem that affects all levels of Indian society . According to a 2010 Transparency International report , India ranked 87th out of 178 countries in its corruption-perception index . In April , Suresh Kalmadi , the chief organizer for last year 's Commonwealth Games , was arrested and accused of buying a time , scoring and result system from a Swiss company at inflated costs . India 's former telecom minister A. Raja , several bureaucrats and corporate officials are facing trial in connection with a multi-billion-dollar scandal involving the suspected below-price sale of mobile-phone radio waves in 2008 . The draw of Hazare 's planned hunger strike was so great that police tried to put conditions on it . Organizers did not accept six of 22 police conditions for allowing the protest , including limiting the crowd to the capacity of the ground , police said . As a result , Hazare was detained , as were 1,300 supporters who planned to join Hazare at a protest site . A magistrate sent Hazare and seven supporters to jail after they failed to post bail , according to Rajan Bhagat , a police spokesman in New Delhi . They were freed hours later and brought to a prison office after the magistrate issued release orders , jail spokesman Sunil Gupta said . The group had refused to leave the prison office until they are allowed to hold their hunger strike without the conditions , the jail spokesman said . Thousands gathered in several cities , chanting pro-Hazare slogans and echoing his demands . Supporters carrying Indian flags held sit-ins , marches and noisy demonstrations . Many had "  I am Anna " labels on their shirts . Hazare conducted a similar five-day hunger strike in April at New Delhi 's Jantar Mantar landmark , ending it after India 's prime minister agreed to introduce long-pending legislation . Anti-corruption campaigners have rejected legislation prepared by the federal government to create a citizen ombudsman , saying the bill , now in Parliament , is too weak a measure . Critics have accused the activists of undermining lawmakers who will decide the proposed law . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday justified the arrests in a statement before Parliament . "  Our government acknowledges the right of citizens to hold peaceful protests , " he said , adding that Hazare and his supporters would have been allowed to hold their protest fast if they had accepted the conditions . Amid shouts by opposition lawmakers over the police response to Hazare 's protest , the Indian prime minister also cited supremacy of the legislature . "  I am not aware of any constitutional philosophy or principle that allows anyone to question the sole prerogative of parliament to make a law , " he said . Singh , whose government is roiled in massive corruption scandals , said in a national address earlier in the week that no single measure could handle chronic corruption . "  I believe that there is no single big step which we can take to eradicate corruption . In fact , we will have to act simultaneously on many fronts , " Singh said . Amnesty International called Thursday for U.S. President Barack Obama to urge Singh "  to respect the rights to freedom of expression and freedom of assembly in the context of anti-corruption rallies taking place in India . " "  President Obama has repeatedly described India as a strong ally , " the human rights group said in a statement , adding that Obama "  should not miss this opportunity to prove that the United States is a friend of the Indian people . " "  Any silence will be misinterpreted as the United States looking the other way when it comes to the importance of basic rights like freedom of expression and peaceful assembly in India . President Obama should instruct the U.S. ambassador to India to visit protest sites . " Activists have appealed to government employees to take a day off work in a show of solidarity with Hazare . In his video , Hazare warned that more arrests could lie ahead . "  The jails that are empty , we will keep filling them , " he said . "  I tell these young people : As long as the Lokpal is n't created , the jails will never be empty . " "  We have no demands of the government , " he said . "  We have just sent them to do two things : look after our money and account for it and make good laws for the country . " He insisted the Lokpal bill would reduce corruption by 65 to 70 percent . "  I will not stop , as long as there 's breath in my body , until this becomes law , " Hazare said .	Hazare 's YouTube video warns he may extend fast another week Hazare will fast in Ramlila Maidan , a public ground in New Delhi Indian PM Singh says his government acknowledges the right to peaceful protests Amnesty calls on U.S. President Obama to urge Singh to allow the protests
CNN  -- During summer , Hollywood seems more fixated on the teen dollar than ever , but every once in a while , a movie comes along to prove that older audiences have n't been forgotten entirely . Often enough , that movie stars Meryl Streep , and here she is again with "  Hope Springs , " a funny , outwardly modest comedy that manages to feel utterly novel by focusing on the sexual and emotional needs of an older woman . The promotional campaign pushes the raunch as if this were a Judd Apatow production . You can hardly blame the marketing guys for that  even if the TV spots do give away the movie 's kicker  , but it 's a gross misrepresentation of an expertly written , sensitively handled movie with two wonderful actors grabbing the chance to show something honest about a relationship gone stale . Tommy Lee Jones is Arnold , a crusty accountant who spends his evenings falling asleep in front of his golf shows but does n't see anything wrong with a marriage that has worked quite efficiently for 31 years . Streep 's Kay is no feminist , and you would n't call her liberated either , but she ca n't stand the loneliness any longer . Her husband has n't touched her in years , they sleep in separate rooms , and they do n't talk really , much less kiss . Summoning all the reserves she has left , she insists on intensive couple therapy , a week in Maine with Dr. Feld  Steve Carell  . Reluctantly but pragmatically , Arnold goes along , grouching and grizzling every step of the way . A good deal of the movie plays out on the couch , and Jones gets the lion 's share of the laughs just by virtue of his orneriness and evident discomfort sharing intimacies with a stranger . Two strangers , really , because his wife does n't have a clue about feelings he 's barely admitted to himself . Jones has played his crankiness for comic effect often enough over the years , but director David Frankel  "  The Devil Wears Prada "  keeps the actors rooted in naturalism , not caricature , and it 's exciting to see Jones respond with a performance of discipline and subtlety . When he does turn that frown upside down , it 's pure joy , and we finally appreciate what Kay must have seen in this selfish bully . If we 're honest , Streep 's also been known to overplay comedy , and yes , she does have to nibble on a banana in one of the movie 's more predictable turns , but at heart this is a lovely portrait of repressed housewife and mother finding the courage to put everything on the line late in life . You find yourself gazing at her face for fleeting inflections of optimism , excitement and melancholy . Carell , you should know , plays his part absolutely straight ; it 's the definition of a supporting performance . The writing is sharp enough that the humor does n't need to be forced . Even in these sexually candid times , there 's still a residual squeamishness where sexagenarian sexuality is concerned . Screenwriter Vanessa Taylor is a producer on "  Game of Thrones . " In her first produced film script , she strikes a fine balance between comedy and pathos and between the separate but related estrangements that have crept up on husband and wife over the years . Can such things be cured in a week of counseling and carefully choreographed "  sexercises ? " The movie is romantic enough to have us believe it , in part by making it clear that love requires real effort -- and faith -- as well as wine and roses . Streep fans , I think you 're going to enjoy this one . I know I did .	"  Hope Springs " is a rom-com featuring a mature couple , Meryl Streep and Tommy Lee Jones Steve Carell plays it straight in supporting role as a marriage therapist Screenwriter Vanessa Taylor is a producer on "  Game of Thrones "
CNN  -- First things first : I did n't watch Monday night 's Miss Universe Pageant . I did not even know it was on . The last time I might have tuned into such a program was in middle school , the height of insecurity . I was short , scrawny and getting used to my first pair of oversized glasses . My thick dark hair would n't lay flat like the blondes with their perfect wispy bangs . Not yet "  developed " like many of my peers , I 'm sure watching glamorous half-naked models parade around on stage was just what my young psyche needed . When I came into work Tuesday morning , I was greeted with an e-mail that made me think about the pageant for the first time in decades . It contained the final question posed to finalist Leila Lopes of Angola , now our universe 's newly crowned Miss Universe . "  If you could change one of your physical characteristics , " the designated judge asked her , "  which one would it be and why ? " Are you  insert profanity  kidding me ? After standing under the magnifying glass of millions , this 25-year-old , 5-foot-10 Â 1/2 - inch knockout had to publicly contemplate if she was physically good enough . Her response was quick : "  Thank God I am very-well satisfied with the way God created me , and I would n't change a thing . I consider myself a woman endowed with inner beauty . ... I have acquired many wonderful principles from my family , and I plan to follow these through the rest of my life . And now I would like to give all of you a piece of advice : Respect one another . " Her answer was applauded . Lopes ' win , the first for Angola , was announced soon after . Maybe it 's absurd to be dismayed that a question like this would be posed at a beauty pageant . In my worldview , the mere fact that pageants exist is absurd . And I 'm not alone . "  It fits into the narrative du jour for women -- my body is infinitely malleable , " said Courtney Martin , editor of Feministing.com and author of titles including "  Perfect Girls , Starving Daughters : How the Quest for Perfection Is Harming Young Women . " "  If I have enough willpower and money , I can look like anyone , " she said . "  This invisibilizes physiology and metabolism and leads women to internalize shame when so much is simply not in their control . " We live in a world where in the United States alone $ 10.1 billion was spent on cosmetic procedures in 2010 , according to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons . And Miss Universe has got to be the apex of all pageants -- the ultimate aspiration for all those fake-tanned toddlers running around in tiaras , between tantrums , on reality-TV . But , seriously , who came up with this question ? Each of the five finalists was asked something different . One judge asked Miss China about nudity on beaches . Another asked Miss Brazil about her stance on war . Miss Philippines had to contemplate if she 'd change her religious beliefs in order to marry , and Miss Ukraine was invited to ponder whom in history she 'd trade her life with if she had the chance . Lopes drew from a bowl the name of the judge who would ask her a question . Lea Salonga , an award-winning Filipina singer and actress who made a name for herself on Broadway , was the voice behind the question . She looked down at a card and read . But it turns out the question was n't Salonga 's . On Twitter , her fans wanted to know why she asked such a thing . Salonga tweeted that she did not write the question . "  All our questions are pre-written and each judge is assigned one . Luck of the draw , " Salonga tweeted . The questions were "  written by the guys at Miss Universe " she said in a response to one fan . "  We had no say " in what the questions would be , she said in another . Follower @sassy_dimple wanted more . "  I am surprised they have that  question  on their list , " she said . "  But if you are given the chance to ask a question to any of the candidates , what would it be and why ? " "  It would have been on feminism and pageants , gay marriage , or separation bet . church and state , " Salonga responded . "  Something like that . " Salonga reiterated Tuesday afternoon in a written statement to CNN that she and the other judges had no say when it came to the questions . "  As for the quality of the actual question , I do n't have much of an opinion on that  truth be told , it 's a standard beauty contest query ... I would have asked about something more controversial ...  , " she wrote . "  At the end of the day , it was n't so much the question asked but the manner in which it was answered . " Good enough . I reached out to the "  guys at Miss Universe " to ask them about their line of questioning . My calls and e-mails went unreturned . So I turned to THE guy , Donald Trump , owner of the Miss Universe Organization and , oh yeah , one-time potential candidate for U.S. president . I asked him to explain why this was a question worth asking . I also tossed the query back to him . Mr. Trump , if you could change one of your physical characteristics , which one would it be and why ? I 'm still waiting for his answer .	Miss Angola 2011 , Leila Lopes , was crowned Miss Universe Monday night She was asked what physical characteristic she 'd change about herself Her answer , one heartily applauded , was that she would n't change a thing But who decided this was a question worth asking ?
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Department of Homeland Security will never monitor ideology or political beliefs , the head of the agency said Wednesday , responding to criticism of a recent report on right-wing extremist groups . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano says the U.S. will never monitor ideology or political beliefs . "  Let me be very clear : We monitor the risks of violent extremism taking root here in the United States , " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said in a written statement . "  We do n't have the luxury of focusing our efforts on one group ; we must protect the country from terrorism whether foreign or homegrown and regardless of the ideology that motivates its violence . " The report , "  Right-wing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment , " said right-wing extremist groups may be using the recession and the election of the nation 's first African-American president to recruit members . The report , which was prepared in coordination with the FBI , was published last week . It was distributed to federal , state and local law enforcement officials . Mainstream media picked up the story after it was reported by conservative bloggers . Watch more on the DHS assessment " Though the nine-page report said it had "  no specific information that domestic right-wing terrorists are currently planning acts of violence , " it said real-estate foreclosures , unemployment and tight credit "  could create a fertile recruiting environment for right-wing extremists and even result in confrontations between such groups and government authorities similar to those in the past . " The report compared the current climate with that of the 1990s , saying a recession , criticism over outsourcing of jobs and a perceived threat to U.S. power at that time fueled a resurgence of right-wing extremism . However , it said , "  Despite similarities to the climate of the 1990s , the threat posed by lone wolves and small terrorist cells is more pronounced than in past years . " It warned that the groups may use proposed restrictions on firearms and the debate on immigration as recruiting tools , and said the groups may try to reach out to veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  The willingness of a small percentage of military personnel to join extremist groups during the 1990s because they were disgruntled , disillusioned or suffering from the psychological effects of war is being replicated today , " the report said . It noted that Timothy McVeigh , the bomber of the Oklahoma City federal building in 1995 , was a military veteran . Radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh decried the report on Tuesday , saying , "  There is not one instance they can cite as evidence where any of these right-wing groups have done anything , " according to a transcript of his remarks on his Web site . "  You have a report from Janet Napolitano and Barack Obama , Department of Homeland Security portraying standard , ordinary , everyday conservatives as posing a bigger threat to this country than al Qaeda terrorists or genuine enemies of this country like Kim Jong Il , " he said , referring to the leader of North Korea . Michael Savage , another conservative commentator , also criticized the report . "  What does Big Sis say these right-wingers are concerned about ? " he wrote on his Web site , referring to Napolitano . "  Illegal aliens , the increasing power of the federal government , gun grabs , abortion and the loss of U.S. national sovereignty . In other words , anyone who is worried about preserving our borders , language and culture is on Big Sis ' watch list . " In her Wednesday statement , Napolitano said the agency is on "  the lookout for criminal and terrorist activity but we do not -- nor will we ever -- monitor ideology or political beliefs . " She said she was briefed on the general topic , which "  struck a nerve as someone personally involved in the Timothy McVeigh prosecution . " Napolitano said she intends to meet with American Legion National Commander David K. Rehbein , who sent her a letter Monday stating his concern about the report . "  Timothy McVeigh was only one of more than 42 million veterans who have worn this nation 's uniform during wartime , " he wrote . "  To continue to use McVeigh as an example of the stereotypical ` disgruntled military veteran ' is as unfair as using Osama bin Laden as the sole example of Islam . " He added , "  I think it is important for all of us to remember that Americans are not the enemy . The terrorists are . " Napolitano said in her statement that she will tell Rehbein that the Department of Homeland Security honors veterans and employs thousands , including Deputy Secretary Jane Holl Lute . The Obama administration in January issued a warning about left-wing extremists . Both reports were initiated during the administration of President George W. Bush . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve contributed to this story .	Homeland secretary : U.S. will not monitor ideology , political beliefs Agency released a report on April 7 warning about right-wing extremism Report : "  no specific information " on violent plans by domestic right-wing terrorists Report about left-wing extremists released in January ; both reports initiated by Bush
Sinai , Egypt  CNN  -- Ten Yemeni militants infiltrated Egyptian soil two months ago and trained local Jihadi cells in the Sinai peninsula , a security official said Friday . "  Several foreign men were spotted shopping in the market by residents and we received intelligence that they were in communication with Jihadist cells in Al Mukataa , a remote area south of Sheikh Zuweid in Northern Sinai , " said a senior security official associated with Egypt 's North Sinai 's border guards , who spoke on condition of anonymity . "  We hope to capture them in our ongoing raids . They could be hiding in Jabal-Al Halal -- a rugged mountain terrain in central Sinai . " The Yemeni militants were smuggled into Sinai from Sudan among groups of African migrants who have been sold to Bedouin who traffic refugees into Israel for cash , said Ibrahim Al Menei , a Bedouin leader from the Swarkeh tribe who has spearheaded a committee of hundreds of men to curb the illegal trafficking of Africans through the Sinai . "  Word spread among the community that these Yemeni militants were training Jihadi cells in Sheikh Zuweid . The intelligence officers were aware of their presence , " Menei told CNN . Salem Aneizan , another Bedouin leader , said he had also heard the militants were training Jihadis in the North . "  I hope they are not al Qaeda . Yemen is their hub , " said Aneizan , who has been assisting the police in securing remote areas in the Sinai since an outbreak of kidnappings and attacks on security checkpoints in recent months . Last week , the Egyptian military launched "  Operation Eagle " -- a massive offensive using Apache gunships and M-60 tanks against suspected militant Jihadi cells holed up in Sinai since unidentified masked gunmen killed 16 soldiers on August 8 in the border city of Rafah in North-Sinai . Israeli and Egyptian authorities coordinated to allow the helicopter gunships and heavy machinery into the demilitarized zone in accord with the Camp David agreement signed in 1979 . No group has come forward to claim responsibility for the attack that has gripped the nation and the international media . Six Egyptian suspects were arrested last week in Sheikh Zuweid but three were later released after questioning , according to Gen. Ahmed Bakr , head of North-Sinai security . Sinai had fallen into a state of lawlessness since the uprising that toppled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak last year . Both Israel and the United States have voiced their concern about the rise of terrorist cells in the Sinai . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warned during a visit to Egypt last month that the desert border between Israel and Egypt could become an "  operational base " for jihadists if security is not maintained . Israel has raised concerns about the region in the wake of the fall of the Mubarak government . In an interview with CNN , Clinton said the problem was discussed at length during her meetings in Egypt and Israel . There is "  the potential of jihadists and terrorists taking up an operational base in Sinai , " Clinton said in the interview . "  We think this is a dangerous situation for both Egypt and Israel . It is also dangerous for Americans . We have Americans who are part of the multinational force that observes the continuation of the monitoring  of the  Camp David Accord . We have Americans in the Sinai . We 've had a few concerns about their safety . "	Official : 10 Yemeni militants came to Egypt two months before Rafah attack The militants were smuggled into Sinai from Sudan among groups of African migrants "  We hope to capture them in our raids , " official says Israel and U.S. are concerned about the rise of terrorist cells in the Sinai peninsula
CNN  -- As fellow family members challenge claims that the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States lied about his exposure to the virus , the man 's mother rallied around him Friday in describing him as a good person who she just wants to hug again . "  Everyone  in the family  loves him because  if  anything happens to us , he 's always there for us , " Nowah Gartay , Thomas Eric Duncan 's mother , told CNN . Duncan arrived in Texas from Liberia on Saturday , September 20 . He started feeling sick a few days later , before being admitted to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital -- where he 'd gone and been sent home previously -- on Sunday , September 28 . Two days later , a blood test confirmed he had Ebola . Duncan is currently in isolation in serious condition at the same Dallas hospital . How the Liberian national left Africa , and whether he should have been allowed to , has become a hot topic in recent days . Hazmat crews clean up , quarantined quartet moved out Before flying out , Duncan allegedly answered "  no " to questions on a health screening questionnaire about whether he 'd cared for anyone with Ebola , touched the body of someone who died in an area affected by the disease . But Tugbeh Chief Tugbeh , a community leader in Liberia , has said that Duncan was "  a caretaker " for a woman who died from Ebola at a residence outside the capital of Monrovia . Because of these and other claims , Liberia Airport Authority officials say they may prosecute Duncan if he lied before leaving that West African nation . The Dallas County District Attorney 's office said Friday that it is "  looking into whether or not Thomas Eric Duncan knowingly and intentionally exposed the public to a deadly virus -- making this a criminal matter . " Discussing this case , Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf told Canadian public broadcaster CBC , "  The fact that he knew  he was exposed to the virus  and he left the country is unpardonable , quite frankly . " "  With the U.S. doing so much to help us fight Ebola , and again one of our compatriots did n't take due care , and so , he 's gone there and ... put some Americans in a state of fear , and put them at some risk , and so I feel very saddened by that and very angry with him , to tell you the truth . " Duncan 's nephew on Friday strongly rejected such allegations , much like other relatives have in recent days . Sitting alongside Gartay in Charlotte , North Carolina , Josephus Weeks told CNN 's Jim Sciutto that Duncan told him "  he had moved a long time ago " from an area hit hard by Ebola . "  He said , ` Well , I was n't even in that area , ' " said Weeks in direct response to Tugbeh 's claim . " ... He was n't a part of that whole scenario that has been populating the news all these many days . So that 's inaccurate . " Weeks proceeded to take a shot at some Liberian citizens and "  so many ignorant government officials , " saying it 's not fair that such claims can be made public without being vetted first . "  Any time they see a camera , they just jump right in front of it and make a statement , " Weeks said . "  Unfortunately , most of them are ignorant , and they are all lies . " As to what 's happened in the United States , Weeks criticized Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital for not connecting the dots and passing on relevant information that Duncan had come from Liberia . This should have tipped off the possibility he had Ebola , given his symptoms ; instead he was let go from the hospital after about four hours , according to his partner , who identified herself to CNN only as Louise . U.S. health officials have said that the failure to pass on this information was a mistake . "  It was upsetting to find that he was possibly infected with that deadly disease , and the hospital was not showing me any signs that they were equipped to handle that particular situation , " said Weeks , who added that he called the U.S. Centers for the Disease Control and Prevention but did not specify when . Who 's in charge of stopping Ebola in the U.S. ? Youngor Jallah -- Louise 's daughter who called Duncan her "  stepdaddy , " though her mother and he are n't believed to be legally married -- was the one who called Sunday for the ambulance for Duncan while visiting the apartment where he was staying . But she told CNN on Friday night that she learned that Duncan had Ebola "  on the news . " Jallah said she 's especially frustrated that , while she may not be technically quarantined , health officials told her Tuesday , "  we ca n't go outside , we ca n't do nothing . " "  We asked them , ` Can we go outside to get our babies ' diapers ' ? " she said . "  They told us , ` No . You guys should stay in here until we can ask our boss if you guys can go out . " Three days later , Jallah -- who claims Duncan never threw up or even went to the bathroom when she saw him -- has n't heard back . "  No one gave me any direction , " she said . " ... I 'm scared . " All these frustrations notwithstanding , Duncan 's mother also made a point Friday to emphatically thank the doctors , nurses and attendants now caring for her son . While some might have made mistakes , others are working hard to try to get him better . "  I thank every one of you ,  I  thank you for my son , " she said . "  I love him . All  his  family members love him . "	NEW : DA 's office looking into whether Duncan "  intentionally exposed " public to Ebola NEW : Daughter of Duncan 's partner : Health officials told her not to leave , but said little else Thomas Eric Duncan came from Liberia , became first in U.S. to be diagnosed with Ebola His nephew rejects allegations Duncan cared for someone with Ebola , then lied about it
CNN  -- Thousands desperate to flee intense fighting in western Libya have begun pouring into neighboring Tunisia in recent days , raising concerns Tuesday among aid agencies that the humanitarian crisis could worsen . The fighting between forces loyal to Moammar Gadhafi and rebels demanding an end to the dictator 's four-decade rule increased over the weekend , with both sides struggling to control Libya 's western mountainous region -- home to Berber tribes long persecuted by the Libyan leader . "  In the last two days , we have seen 6,000 Libyans come through , " Firas Kayal , of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees , said by phone from near the Tunisian border town of Dehiba . "  This is a new situation we are dealing with because prior to the fleeing of the Libyan families , we were dealing only with the migrant workers , and now these are Libyan families -- a new situation in Dehiba . " He said about 10,000 to 12,000 Libyans were estimated to have arrived in the last 10 days in Dehiba , where the U.N. aid agency has set up a tent city on a soccer field to accommodate up to 1,200 people . Others have been offered shelter in hotels , youth centers and private homes , Kayal said . "  Some of the families said their neighborhoods were bombed . Others said they were n't waiting for the fighting , that they were fleeing out of fear , " he said . A second camp set up in Remada , just north of Dehiba , was providing shelter to about 1,000 people , Kayal said . The situation in Libya has become increasingly precarious for civilians and migrant workers , who have been caught in the crossfire of the conflict that has killed tens of thousands and left thousands more wounded since it began two months ago . NATO-led forces began bombing regime targets in Libya last month after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution authorizing any means necessary to protect civilians . More than 550,000 people , mostly migrant workers , have fled the country for neighboring countries . Many of those arriving in Dehiba were fleeing fighting near Nalut , about 50 kilometers from the Tunisian border , which has been "  effectively under siege by government forces for about a month and that the pressure on the civilian population has be increasing daily , " Andrej Mahecic , a spokesman with the U.N aid agency , said during a press briefing in Geneva . From the border town of Dehiba , pillars of black smoke could be seen and loud explosions could be heard from inside Libya , Kayal said . It has been difficult to track the exact number of Libyans who have fled the country , because few have claimed asylum . "  They Libyans leaving are n't refugees , " said Jemini Pandya , a spokeswoman with the International Organization for Migration  IOM  , which tracks the movement of migrants . "  They have had resources to look after themselves . They have gone ... to hotel , to houses . " Typically , the Libyans have fled until fighting abated in an area and then returned home , she said . "  If you 're now having to set up tented camps to house the number of Libyans , then clearly the situation is changing , " Pandya said . The desire among Libyans to leave , though , appears to be growing in hard-hit places , such as Misrata , which faces near daily shelling by Gadhafi 's forces . Government forces have cut off all land access to the port city . The only escape route is by sea . A boat chartered by IOM that was delivering aid and picking up wounded in Misrata was forced to stop Monday in the break waters just outside the city of Misrata after Libyans crammed the port , hoping to board the ship to leave the city , Pandya said . "  Some had been separated from families . Others wanted to get out of the conflict zone , " she said . U.S. President Barack Obama has described the attack on Misrata as a medieval siege . Kareem Khadder and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	As fighting spreads in Libya , thousands flee the intense fighting Libyans are desperate to get out of Misrata as the shelling continues UN agency : 6,000 Libyans arrive in Tunisian border town in two days
CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy smashed the East Coast on Monday night , triggering floods , fires and devastation . Some residents affected by the storm used the Instagram photo app to quickly post square-shaped photos showing flooding , darkened cityscapes , fallen trees and damaged structures . If you , too , have photos  and video  you would like to share , please go to CNN iReport , where you can contribute to the Open Story that shows the power of this storm . If you 're on social media , you can mark your images and tweets with the #cnnireport hashtag . Please be aware that weather events can be highly unpredictable , so use caution and follow the directions of local authorities . . If you 're having difficulty viewing this page , please click here .	Superstorm Sandy barrels ashore on East Coast , killing dozens and leaving path of damage Witnessing the effects of Sandy ? Share your photos and video on CNN iReport and use the #cnnireport hashtag on social media
CNN  -- With Congress on its August recess , lawmakers are back in their home districts to meet with their constituents . Voters are confronting lawmakers with tough questions on health care at town hall meetings across the country . Across the country , members of Congress are holding town hall meetings where voters are encouraged to voice any questions or concerns about what 's happening on Capitol Hill . Health care reform has dominated the conversation at the meetings . President Obama has called on Congress to pass legislation this year , but lawmakers are hearing from their constituents that they want more specifics on what reform will mean for them . In addition to taking questions , lawmakers are trying to set the record straight and put an end to the spread of misinformation . Many town hall meetings are open to anyone . If you 're interested in attending one , you 're not alone . More than 70 percent of people say they are either very likely or somewhat likely to attend a town hall on health care , according to a recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey . To find a meeting near you , determine who your senators and representatives are . You can find this information on the House and Senate Web sites . Some lawmakers have information about their town hall meetings clearly listed on their Web sites . Democratic Rep. Jared Polis of Colorado , for example , has an "  events " section detailing the time and location of his upcoming meetings . Democratic Sen. Russ Feingold of Wisconsin has a section called "  listening sessions . " It links to a map that shows where the meetings are by county . Republican Rep. Steve King of Iowa lists his August meetings under the "  latest headlines " section of his Web site . Not all of the lawmakers keep their Web sites up to date , and some do n't have their town hall meetings listed online . If that 's the case , you also can call your senator or representative 's office to get more information on upcoming events . It 's a good idea to call their office to confirm the time and location , even if the details are online . Meetings are often rescheduled or relocated , and it never hurts to double-check . Find out what time the doors open , and ask whether registration is required . You can also keep track of your senators and representatives on Twitter . Some lawmakers send messages about their upcoming events . Tweetcongress.org has a list of members of Congress who use Twitter .	Congress is on its August recess , and lawmakers are hearing from constituents Voters are encouraged to attend meetings to voice questions and concerns Call your senator or representative 's office to confirm the time and location
CNN  -- R&B power couple Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz have tied the knot , Keys ' representatives confirmed to CNN on Sunday . The two were married Saturday at a private residence overlooking the Mediterranean Sea . Keys , 29 , a 12-time Grammy-award winning singer , wore a Grecian-inspired , one-shoulder Vera Wang gown . Her groom , a DJ/producer/rapper , wore a tuxedo designed by Tom Ford that featured a white jacket and pale pink shirt . The couple are expecting a child together . Swizz Beatz and Keys have been friends for several years and worked together on one song for her current album , "  The Element of Freedom . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Keys , 29 , and Swizz Beatz are expecting their first child together They were married at a private residence overlooking the Mediterranean The bride wore a one-shoulder Vera Wang dress
We love Halloween season . Sweets . Sweaters . Sipping hot cider  maybe spiked  . Halloween can certainly get you in the spirit , and nothing warms our hearts like these healthy Halloween treats that help you stay energized instead of stuck in a sugar coma . Do n't worry , we 've included all the good stuff : cheese , chocolate and even a cocktail ! English Muffin Creatures from Connecticut Working Moms We know how hard it is to resist buying those holiday-decorated sugar cookies at the grocery store . All those colors , shapes , sprinkles and sugar ! That 's why we love these treats that use cream cheese and English muffins instead so you can get your "  cookie " decor in without the sugar surplus . 5 ways to avoid an unhealthy Halloween Peanut Butter Pumpkins from The Smart Cookie Why get your chocolate-peanut butter fix with store-bought candy when you can make this tasty treat ? Then again , they are almost too cute to eat . Go for dark chocolate to add extra antioxidants and use peanut butter without added sugar and hydrogenated oils to keep it healthy . Strawberry Ghosts from Muffin Tin Mom Chocolate-covered strawberries are n't just for Valentine 's Day . Turned upside down and dipped in white chocolate , these ghoulish treats are scary easy to make and eat . Use organic strawberries when possible -- the conventional fruit tends to have high levels of pesticides . Sludge Monster Martini from Nom Nom Crunch It 's easy being green with all the fruits and veggies in this monster cocktail . Spiked with vodka and triple sec , this adult treat becomes more thrilling if you add tonic . If you 're partying with a black light , your drink will glow in the dark ! Move over , kids . Halloween is for grownups Orange-O-Lanterns from Fork & Beans Zombie lovers , eat your brains out with this surprisingly healthy Halloween snack . Pop the top on these unassuming jack-o-lanterns to find an edible vegan-carrot brain that is about as close to a trick and treat that you can get .	These Halloween recipes are healthy and fun alternatives to popular treats Try chocolate-covered fruit , a veggie cockail , jello brains or peanut butter pumpkins
CNN  -- A Norwegian court sentenced three people Monday for their roles in a plot to attack a Danish newspaper that published cartoons depicting the Muslim prophet Mohammed . Mikael Davud , Shawan Sadek Saeed Bujak Bujak and David Jakobsen were convicted in connection with a plot to carry out explosions at offices of the Jyllands-Posten newspaper . Davud and Bujak were convicted of terror charges , while Jakobsen was convicted of a lesser explosives charge . Davud , a Norwegian citizen of Uyghur origin , was sentenced to seven years in prison . Bujak , an Iraqi-Kurdish man with Norwegian residency , was sentenced to three and a half years in prison , and Jakobsen , originally from Uzbekistan , was sentenced to four months in prison . All three defendants have already served 606 days in custody , which will be deducted from their sentences , Oslo District Court spokesman Markus Iestra said . Authorities also accused Davud and Bujak of plotting to shoot cartoonist Kurt Westergaard , who drew an image of the Muslim prophet Mohammed wearing a bomb-shaped turban that was published in Jyllands-Posten in 2005 . The controversy grew in early 2006 when a Norwegian newspaper reprinted the drawings . Islamic law generally bans any depiction of Mohammed . Norwegian authorities have said Davud , Bujak and Jakobsen were suspected of having connections to al Qaeda . In July 2010 , Norwegian officials said Davud , Bujak and Jakobsen were arrested in connection with an ongoing investigation into terrorist plots in New York and the United Kingdom . CNN 's Per Nyberg and Raja Razek contributed to this report .	Two of the men are also accused of plotting to kill the cartoonist The plot involved an attack on a Danish newspaper The men were arrested in 2010
Lahore , Pakistan  CNN  -- Police officer Muhammad Azad spends an hour a day running laps because he is running out of time . If he does n't trim two inches off his 42-inch waist soon , the police department in the northern Pakistani state of Punjab could demote or even fire him . That 's something Azad ca n't afford because his $ 210 monthly salary is the only way he provides for his wife and two children . "  I 'm trying to lose as much weight as possible , " a sweaty Azad said right after finishing a set of jumping jacks . "  This is our order , and I 'm going to follow it . " The Punjab police department ordered Azad and tens of thousands of his fellow officers to shape up because police officials said they could n't find enough fit officers to fill jobs at 40 new state-of-the-art police stations that are scheduled to open by the end of the year . "  We saw many of our officers were getting a little big around the waist , so they are bound to do this , " said Deputy Police Chief Sheikh Iftikhar . The directive calls for the department 's 175,000 officers to shrink their waists to a maximum of 40 inches . The police chief will be doing unannounced fitness tests throughout the month , officials said . The stakes are high . Pakistan 's police officers are often on the front line in the fight against violent extremist groups that have increasingly moved to urban areas and major cities . "  They are responsible police officers . They can do it , " Iftikhar said , when asked if the police force will shape up . The police department is helping . At police headquarters in Lahore , officials have hired a brawny champion ex-wrestler to take fitness trainees through two-hour workouts that start in the weight room and finish in an outdoor exercise yard where officers do aerobics and other fat-burning workouts . The last time Azad exercised was in 1991 . His form is far from perfect , and the exercise equipment is old and rusty , but he is determined to shrink his waist and keep his job . "  Our hearts are made of stone , " he said . "  No matter what we 're asked , we 'll do it . "	Punjab police department has ordered tens of thousands of officers to shape up Department 's 175,000 officers ordered to shrink their waists to maximum of 40 inches Pakistan 's police officers are often on the front line in fight against violent extremists
CNN  -- The central California city of Salinas is being rocked with unrest and violence after protesters accused police of racism and brutality in the fatal shootings of three Latino men since March , including one captured on grainy video this week . Demonstrations peaked Wednesday night when a man was shot to death outside his home near an anti-police protest . The circumstances of that shooting , which did not involve police , are being investigated , police said . When authorities responded to that homicide , demonstrators went to the scene and threw bricks , bottles , sticks and rocks at police and EMS personnel as they aided the shooting victim , police said . One bottle struck the head of an officer who was giving CPR to the victim , stopping him from giving aid , police said . The shooting victim , Constantino Garcia , 23 , who had just moved to Salinas with his wife and child , was pronounced dead at a hospital , police said . Detectives said about 100 people saw the homicide , but no witnesses are cooperating with police . In Wednesday 's protests , police arrested demonstrator Diego Garcia , 26 , who was accused of taunting officers , antagonizing a police dog and urging the crowd to join him . He was arrested on accusations of inciting a riot , resisting arrest and probation violation , police said . The rising tensions led Police Chief Kelly McMillin to hold a news conference Thursday afternoon in which he offered more details on one incident that has infuriated some and explained his department 's approach to addressing it . "  They are frustrated , they are angry -- and legitimately , " McMillin said . "  I 'm not going to tell anybody that you just do n't understand what you see . They see it , they react to it , that could upset them . " The residents should be able to express their views , as should police , he added . "  We recognize that ... the anger of the community  is  coming out , " said McMillin . "  We 're trying to explain ourselves as best we can and move on . " Most recent fatal shooting The most recent officer-involved shooting happened Tuesday afternoon and ended in the death of a man who allegedly lunged at officers with gardening shears . The man -- whom police identified Thursday as 44-year-old Carlos Mejia -- was accused of breaking into a woman 's home and threatening her while armed with the shears , police said . The suspect also exposed himself to the woman and made sexually explicit statements , police said , adding that the man also tried to kill the woman 's dog . When police responded to a 911 call , the suspect was walking on Elkington Avenue and police noticed he had a large pair of gardening shears sticking out of his backpack , police said . Rather than comply with officers , the man swung the gardening shears at the officers near him , according to police . "  It 's a pretty common item , we see it all the time , " McMillin said Thursday , holding up the shears . " ... But the manner in which it was presented ... this clearly is a weapon and obviously a very dangerous one . " The officers "  were dead set against allowing him to get into " a nearby bakery , fearful of the damage he could do there , according to the chief . One attempt to subdue him using a Taser ended in "  a catastrophic failure , " according to McMillin , and ultimately the officers fired on the suspect . The man was pronounced dead on the scene . From a distance , a witness took a videotape of the encounter between two police officers and the suspect , who walked away from police before being shot and killed . But the videotape was n't clear on what had transpired between police and the man before the shooting . The video was posted on YouTube . The police chief played that and other footage of the incident reporters , explaining that he did so to give the public a better sense of what happened . He said no final judgment has been made on whether the officers were "  reasonable " in their use of deadly force . "  When people look at  this case  , you do n't  necessarily  get a lot of the details and you do n't necessarily understand exactly what was happening , " McMillin said . This new information was released "  to make people understand why the officers did what they did , and just what the officers did . " March 20 shooting The first officer-involved shooting occurred March 20 , when police fatally shot a man with a gun under his sweatshirt in a restaurant parking lot , police said . Police had received a call about a suspicious person with a handgun . "  As the involved officers challenged the suspect , the suspect lifted his sweatshirt , brandishing a handgun at the officers . Fearing that the suspect was going to shoot , the involved officers shot the suspect , resulting in the suspect 's death at the scene , " police said . "  Three Salinas police officers were involved in this incident and were not injured . " The fatally shot man was Angel Ruiz , who was armed with an Airsoft pellet gun , CNN affiliate KSBW reported . May 9 shooting On May 9 , police received 911 calls about a man chasing people and waving a large knife , and after arriving on the scene , officers used a Taser on the suspect , Osman Hernandez , 26 , who had no arrest history in Salinas , police said . When they tried to put handcuffs on him , Hernandez "  pulled up his shirt clearly exposing a large knife that was tucked into the area of his waistband , " police said . "  Quickly , the suspect grabbed the knife and pulled it out towards the officers who were in close proximity to him while attempting to restrain him , " police said . Two officers shot Hernandez , who died at the scene , police said . On Wednesday , Hernandez 's family filed a claim against the city seeking $ 2 million in damages , KSBW reported , quoting the family 's attorney . "  There is something seriously wrong . It 's horrific . These men were shot down in cold blood , " attorney Christopher Dolan told the station . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Jason Kravarik , Stephanie Elam and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : Police chief offers detail to help people better understand officers ' killing of 1 man NEW : He says authorities "  recognize ... the anger , " says such frustration is legitimate Police in Salinas , California , have fatally shot three Hispanic men since March Anti-police protests turn raucous Wednesday when police respond to a nearby shooting
CNN  -- Responding to a question at Tuesday 's presidential debate that referred to reintroducing the Clinton-era assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 , Republican candidate Mitt Romney said that it was already illegal to own those kinds of guns in the United States . The claim : "  Yeah , I 'm not in favor of new pieces of legislation on -- on guns and taking guns away or making certain guns illegal . We , of course , do n't want to have automatic weapons , and that 's already illegal in this country to have automatic weapons , " Romney said . The counterclaim : President Barack Obama did not challenge Romney on the issue , having mainly steered clear of gun rights during the campaign . He said at the debate that he would favor new assault weapons legislation , but conceded , "  Frankly , in my home town of Chicago , there 's an awful lot of violence and they 're not using AK-47s . They 're using cheap hand guns . " The facts : Automatic weapons , whether semi-automatic or fully automatic , are legal in much of the country . Semi-automatic weapons account for about 15 percent of the more than 250 million privately owned firearms in the United States , according to the National Rifle Association  NRA  . Fully automatic weapons are legal in most states , but require an extensive federal background check and a permit from the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms , the NRA said . Complete coverage : CNN Fact Check	Mitt Romney comment on guns came at second presidential debate on Tuesday Question at town hall debate was in reference to reintroducing the Clinton-era assault weapons ban President Barack Obama said he would favor new assault weapons legislation
At her research lab at the University of Louisville , neuroscientist Susan Harkema turned her back to her study subject to check a reading on a computer screen . "  Hey Susie , look at this , " the patient called out to her . "  I can move my toe ! " Startled , Harkema spun around . The purpose of her study , which involves sending electrical stimulation to broken spinal cords , was to learn more about nerve pathways , not to actually make patients move . That must be an involuntary spasm , she thought . She asked the patient , Rob Summers , to lie down and close his eyes and follow her commands . "  Move your left toe , " she said to him -- and he did . "  Move your right toe , " she asked -- and he did . "  Holy s *** ! " she yelled out loud . Over the next five years , Harkema 's team applied electrical stimulation to three more paralyzed men , and all four developed movement , and not just small movements . In addition to wiggling their big toes , they can lift and swing their legs , move their ankles and sit up without support . Two patients can even do situps . Their study , funded in part by the Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation , is being published Tuesday in the journal Brain . It 's not the first time electrical stimulation has made paralyzed patients move , but Harkema says it 's the first time electrical stimulation directly to the spinal cord has shown voluntary activity . Experts say this new technique is another piece of the puzzle toward helping paralyzed people walk again . And it 's another avenue doctors can go down to try to help these patients . Brain-controlled devices may help paralyzed people "  This is a breakthrough , " says Dr. Barth Green , co-founder of The Miami Project to Cure Paralysis at the University of Miami , who was not involved in the research . "  It shows you can have a living spinal cord under the layer of their injury . " More than 1,700 paralyzed people have inquired about using this technology , which involves surgically implanting a stimulator and giving it directions with an external remote control . The stimulator creates a small , slightly visible bulge in the lower abdomen and is connected to wires that send electrical pulses to the spinal cord . But patients should n't expect that the stimulator will help them walk -- at least not now and maybe not ever . The stimulator can only make one leg work at a time . Patients have to turn the stimulator off and then back on again to make the other leg work or to make another set of muscles such as their torsos work . Even though he ca n't walk , the stimulator has had other benefits . Dustin Shillcox , the fourth patient to try the device , said he has dramatically improved bladder , bowel and sexual function . "  That 's a difficult thing to go through life not having , " he said . "  It just changed my entire life . It 's extraordinary and amazing . " Plus , tests showed the patients , who could finally move their legs and torsos after years of paralysis , became healthier in general with improved heart and respiratory function . "  If you can change health and wellness and life expectancy , to me that 's a home run , " Green says . "  Remember , Christopher Reeve died from complications of immobility , " The researchers are pretty much stumped as to exactly why electrical stimulation to the spinal cord created the movement on demand -- after all , they did n't touch the patients ' brains . Perhaps , Harkema says , the spinal cord in a way has a brain of its own . "  Maybe the spinal cord makes the decision to move on its own and then executes the movement , " Harkema says . "  Otherwise I do n't know how you would see what we see today . " The Louisville researchers now have funding to implant the device in eight more patients . They hope a device company will help them come up with a way to stimulate more than one muscle group at the time . "  I think what 's incredibly exciting is we 've opened up a realm of possibilities of what we can do now with people who are paralyzed , and we 've just scratched the surface , " she says . Harkema says she hopes to have more "  holy s *** " moments in her research . "  I 'll never live that down , and now it 's the mantra of the lab , " she says with a laugh . Polio-like illness found in five California children Fighting paralysis , one milestone at a time	Susan Harkema was sending electricity down broken spinal cord to study nerve pathways She was the one who got a shock when her patient called out : "  I can move my toe ! " Harkema : First time stimulation directly to spinal cord has shown voluntary activity Technique is another piece of the puzzle toward helping paralyzed people walk again
A silent , nimble , two-wheeled killing machine . That 's what Pentagon researchers envision , now that they 've greenlighted developing a hybrid motorcycle powered by two sources : an engine that burns several types of fuel and a stealthy , super-quiet electric motor . Imagine an elite U.S. fighting force deployed in a mountainous region of Afghanistan , riding motorbikes that are nearly silent . The loudest sound is tires on dirt as they twist and turn down dried river beds and up narrow goat trails . When they launch their assault on a Taliban stronghold , the enemy is taken by surprise . The Pentagon 's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency has tapped defense contractor Logos Technologies and motorcycle maker BRD to design the motorbike . As a platform for the project , Logos is talking about BRD 's 250-pound RedShift MX . Although the RedShift MX is totally electric , Logos wants to combine that with an engine that burns regular gasoline , as well as jet fuel and diesel . It 's expected to have a range of 100 miles and make very little noise , even when the conventional engine is running . "  It looks like a nice bike , " said Michael Golembesky , a former Marine Corps special operations staff sergeant , after watching a CNN video of the RedShift MX . "  I do n't know about that wheelie action though , " he laughed . "  I ca n't see any of our guys doin ' that . " Troops mounted on stealth bikes could deploy via helicopters or verticle-landing V-22 Ospreys and later switch to silent mode for the final leg of their ground approach , Logos said . Controlling engine noise would be an important weapon for bike-mounted forces , Golembesky said . But Golembesky said Pentagon motorcycle developers should keep this in mind : "  The guys on the ground love to keep it simple . It has to be simple because as soon as you start making things complex , things break , fall apart , it 's less feasible . " Golembesky -- now a 30-something Colorado-based defense contractor and writer -- knows a thing or two about fighting Taliban on wheels in the Afghan mountains . He did it for about a year with the U.S. Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command after two deployments in Iraq . During his time in Afghanistan with MARSOC , Golembesky and his teammates used small , four-wheeled , all-terrain vehicles to push quickly through rough topography during anti-Taliban missions . Soon after he left the unit in 2010 , Golembesky said Marine special ops in Afghanistan began improvising and bringing motorcycles into their weapons arsenal . They started acquiring cheap "  Chinese knockoff " motorbikes in Afghan bazaars and customizing them . "  They 'd weld racks on the back and repaint them , camouflage them down , " he said . "  The bikes mainly became a way to overcome covering long distances over harsh terrain . " It was really a case of fighting fire with fire . Taliban have been riding mopeds and motorcycles to attack U.S. forces since the beginning of the war in 2001 , said Golembesky . "  They know the most practical , low stress , low impact way to get around the battlefield and maneuver . " Soon the Marines developed tactics using the bikes . They announced a formal training program in 2012 . Troops rode the motorcycles regularly during MARSOC combat reconnaissance patrols , Golembesky said . "  The bikes allowed Marines to patrol larger areas , to easily and quickly zip up hills . Quick access to higher terrain allowed a tactical advantage which was often safer than , say , a low-lying village , where Marines might risk getting caught in an ambush . Another advantage : By constantly moving on motorbikes , special ops forces keep enemies guessing about their location . Taliban "  do n't know where you 're going and they do n't know what your intent is , " Golembesky said . "  The motorbike just amplifies that . " U.S. forces can use the bikes to sneak up behind enemies or block their escape . "  You can do a lot of damage , just having that mobility . " American special forces including Navy SEALs and Air Force combat controllers have been using motorcycles for their operations for years . Logos says the widely used current U.S. military motorcycle -- imaginatively dubbed the M1030M1 -- is based on a platform that 's nearly 30 years old . Golembesky 's forthcoming book on MARSOC operations in Afghanistan , "  Level Zero Heroes , " is set to drop in September . The book follows a 2012 article that grabbed attention on military blogs . Its title : "  MARSOC Motorcycle Gangs in Afghanistan . " "  Whenever you get a bunch of guys together on motorcycles with firepower , it 's basically a gang , " Golembesky said . "  A very lethal gang . "	The Pentagon is developing a silent , rugged combat motorcycle U.S. Marines used dirt bikes in Afghan special ops , says author Motorbikes offer tactical advantages to special forces
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Consumers should be skeptical of health and weight-loss claims of the increasingly popular Brazilian fruit , acai , and the free trial offers that ask for their credit card information , a nonprofit health group said Monday . Companies selling acai fruits are under investigation after numerous consumer complaints . The Center for Science in the Public Interest said companies offering free trials of diet pills made with the acai berries have bilked thousands of consumers using fake celebrity endorsements and blogs to lure customers . Consumers are asked to provide a credit card to pay shipping and handling charges , but begin almost immediately receiving $ 80 to $ 90 monthly charges . Thousands of consumers have had trouble stopping those charges once they canceled the free trial offer . Acai  pronounced a-sigh-EE  comes in a number of forms including juice , pulp , powder and capsule . The berry has been touted as an antioxidant , anti-inflammatory and an antibacterial . The fruit is said to contain Omega-3 and Omega-6 fatty acids , which are essential to human health . Claims of weight loss are unfounded , said the CSPI . "  There 's no evidence whatsoever to suggest that acai pills will help shed pounds , flatten tummies , cleanse colon , enhance sexual desire , or perform any of the other commonly advertised functions , " according to the organization 's press release . Acai 's popularity has surged on bogus marketing claims , said Jonny Bowden , a certified nutrition specialist and author of several health books . "  Virtually every berry -- blueberry , strawberry , goji , acai -- are anti-inflammatory and high in antioxidants , " Bowden said . "  This particular one is exotic . It 's found in Brazil . It 's been marketed to have more of a magic ingredient . It 's been over-hyped and marketed to death . There are claims to curing cancer , curing baldness that is all over the place . " Like most berries , acai has good nutritional qualities , but "  there is not a drop of research " that supports marketing claims that it prevents weight gain and facial wrinkles , Bowden said . Acai juices sell for as much as $ 40 per bottle . "  The expensive acai berry is triumph of marketing over science , that 's the bottom line , " Bowden said . "  It 's not useless , but it 's not anything that people are claiming it is . " Companies including FWM Laboratories of Fort Lauderdale , Florida , and Hollywood , Florida , Advanced Wellness Research of Miami Beach , Florida , and other acai companies are accused of using fake diet blogs to steer consumers to sites plugging the free trials . After a doctor listed acai as a healthy food on the Oprah Winfrey show last year , and a guest on Rachael Ray 's cooking show mentioned the fruit , ads popped up directing consumers to sites selling acai weight loss products as if endorsed by the celebrities . Winfrey and Ray have publicly disassociated themselves from those sites . Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal is investigating numerous complaints and said a lawsuit against FWM Laboratories is very likely . According to the Better Business Bureau , FWM Laboratories received an F rating , the BBB 's worst . Other acai companies with the BBB " s F rating include Advanced Wellness Research , AcaiBurn , FX Supplements and SFL Nutrition . "  There are no magical berries from the Brazilian rain forest that cure obesity , only painfully real credit card charges and empty weight loss promises , " Blumenthal said . "  Aggressive acai berry pitches on the Internet entice countless consumers into free trials promising weight loss , energy and detoxification . These claims are based on folklore , traditional remedies and outright fabrications unproved by real scientific evidence . " Keri Gans , dietitian and spokeswoman for the American Dietetic Association , recommends that customers turn to fruits and vegetables at their local produce markets . "  If you 're going on the Internet to find them and paying shipping fees , you should go to a market and buy local vegetables and fruits , " she said . "  It 'd be a lot less expensive . " Acai berries could be part of a well-balanced diet of different fruits , vegetables and whole grains . Gans said consumers should be skeptical whenever any one food seems too good to be true and should not rely on one "  miracle food " to boost health . "  If -LSB- people -RSB- hope to find answers in one food for longevity , I would say they 're mistaken , " she said .	Companies offering free trials of acai pills accused of bilking consumers Health claims about acai berries are unsubstantiated by research Connecticut attorney general called acai claims "  fabrications "
CNN  -- A suspect has been arrested in the slaying of a 19-year-old Puerto Rican man found Friday decapitated , dismembered and partially burned , police said Tuesday . Members of the U.S. gay community are asking authorities to investigate whether the slaying was a hate crime because the victim , Jorge Steven Lopez Mercado , was gay , said Pedro Julio Serrano of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force . "  The brutality of the slaying and the fact that he was openly gay leads us to believe it was very possibly a hate crime , " Serrano said . Authorities are investigating whether the killing involved sex , Guayama police Commander Hector Agosto Rodriguez told CNN affiliate WLII TV . Guayama prosecutor Jose Bermudez identified the suspect as Juan A. Martinez , 26 . Police had earlier described him as a 27-year-old man from the interior Puerto Rican town of Cayey . Martinez was scheduled to attend a court hearing Tuesday night at which charges would be lodged , said Luis Bernier , a spokesman for the Guayama police district , which has jurisdiction in the case . The hearing was postponed several times throughout the day . Officials were waiting for a prosecutor from a nearby district , causing the delay , Bernier said . The FBI was not directly involved in the investigation Monday , said FBI Agent Harry Rodriguez of the San Juan office . "  The FBI is monitoring this investigation by police in Puerto Rico , " Rodriguez said . "  Any assistance that the police requests or requires , we would be more than happy to provide . " Puerto Rican authorities may ask for help with forensics or other advanced investigative tools the FBI could provide , Rodriguez said . The U.S. attorney 's office , in consultation with local officials and other agencies , would determine if the slaying was a hate crime , which is a federal offense . "  It 's at a very preliminary stage , " said Lymarie Llovet , a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office in San Juan , Puerto Rico 's capital . Puerto Rico is a U.S. territory , which means federal agencies have jurisdiction . "  There 's the potential for a federal investigation , " Rodriguez said . The suspect was arrested Monday around 11:30 p.m. AST  10:30 p.m. ET  at his home in the Mogote de Cayey neighborhood , said Wilson Porrata Mariani , another spokesman for the Guayama police district . Police impounded two cars and also are investigating a home in another neighborhood , Huertas del Barrio Beatriz de Cidra . Lopez Mercado 's body was found on Puerto Rico Road 184 in another part of town , Barrio Guavate de Cayey , police said . The slaying has reverberated throughout the gay and lesbian community in the United States , where supporters started a Facebook page called "  Justice for Jorge Steven Lopez -- End Hate Crimes . " The group demands an investigation by Puerto Rico Gov. Luis Fortuno and prosecution of the slaying under the Federal Hate Crimes Law . The law was enacted in 1969 to guard the rights of U.S. citizens engaged in any of six protected activities , such as voting , going to school , applying for a job or attending a public venue . Last month , President Obama signed into law the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. . Hate Crimes Prevention Act , which extends federal protection against illegal acts motivated by a person 's actual or perceived gender , sexual orientation , gender identity or disability . Gay activist Serrano said he does not believe anti-gay sentiment is any stronger in Puerto Rico 's Latin culture than anywhere else . "  That 's a long-debunked myth , that our culture is more homophobic , " Serrano said . Instead , he attributed any ill will toward gays to "  hate rhetoric " by some religious and political leaders . One politician , he said , recently referred to gays as "  twisted and mentally ill . " "  That 's the kind of rhetoric that incites violence against gays , " Serrano said . Equality Forum , an international gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender rights organization , asked for a federal investigation . "  Equality Forum calls on U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to have the FBI investigate , " said former federal prosecutor Malcolm Lazin , the group 's executive director . "  The Matthew Shepard Amendment empowers and requires the federal government to prosecute this horrific murder . " Serrano said Lopez Mercado was a "  very , very dear friend " he had met through a mutual acquaintance . "  Jorge was a person who you only needed one minute to fall in love with , " Serrano said . Lopez Mercado often volunteered for gay causes , Serrano said . The teen 's family is coping , considering the circumstances . "  It has been horrible , but they are very grateful that it has come to a quick resolution , " Serrano said .	NEW : Activist attributes ill will toward gays to some religious , political leaders ' "  hate rhetoric " Puerto Rican gay community wants police to see if slaying was a hate crime FBI is monitoring investigation and is prepared to offer help , agent says Suspect , 27 , was to attend Tuesday court hearing , which was postponed several times
CNN  -- If your New Year 's resolutions have lasted this long , congratulations . You 're 1/366th of the way home . But it 's not too late to throw a few more on the pile . And since half of us spend an hour or more online every day , according to the Pew Research Center 's Internet and American Life Project , it 's worth considering a few Web resolutions to go along with those vows to drop some pounds or put down the smokes . Here are a few suggestions for digital behaviors you might want to resolve to drop in 2012 . You can feel better about yourself while making the Web a happier place . Even this guy . Copy-and-pasted Facebook statuses Guess what ? We can pretty much promise that even more than 97 % of us wo n't copy and paste the Facebook status update that you copied and pasted from someone else  who , in turn , predicted that 97 % of people would n't copy and paste it  . First , some math . If 97 % of Facebook 's purported 800 million users do n't copy and paste your status , that means that 24 million people will . Congratulations -- you just created one of the most popular things ever on Facebook . Seriously . Feel strongly about a cause ? Write your thoughts about it . Once we 've seen the same thing five or 10 times , we 'll stop being sympathetic even if you 're taking a stand against the cudgeling of baby seals or something . And the ones that claim to share some tidbit of shocking information ? The vast majority are bunk . We 'd say about 97 % of them . Mangling the English language on Twitter We get that Twitter is meant to be quick . And that sometimes you have to tighten up the spelling to get your words of wisdom down to 140 characters or less . But for the love of Bieber  16 million followers  , take five seconds to get "  it 's " and "  its " or "  they 're , " "  there " and "  their " right . You 'll probably hold onto more followers in the new year if your tweets do n't hurt their brains . And , if you 're a celebrity , take the time to avoid reminding us that your clever dialogue came from a screenwriter or those meaningful lyrics were penned for you by a songwriter . Lame online comments We get it . When you combine "  people " and "  sheep , " you get "  sheeple . " And , at some point , somebody probably felt proud of the new portmanteau he dreamed up to insult folks on the Web whose opinions differed from his own .  Pardon the pronoun ... but you know it was a guy . Look ... the Internet gives us the ability to communicate in real time with people we 've never met , all over the world . Is "  This is Obama 's fault " -- on a news story about a lost kitten -- really the best we can do ? And do n't get us started on "  First ! " We 'd love to see online commenting take a step forward in 2012 and have people shoot for the kind of conversations we 'd like to have if we were all sitting together over a cup of coffee or cold beer . But we 'd settle for not seeing "  LULZ " used as a noun . Note : We 're well aware this item guarantees that all the bad behavior we just mentioned will now appear in the comments below . Go for it if you must -- just do n't think we did n't see it coming . Inviting Internet karma Do you run an online business ? Are you hoping to get elected ? Heck ... do you do just about anything that involves dealing with other human beings ? Then do n't be a jerk . It will just make the watchdogs of the Internet have to waste time taking you to the digital woodshed . Remember the customer service rep who recently told a customer whose video-game controller order had been repeatedly delayed to "  grow up " ?  The rep also helpfully called him a "  complete moron . "  The guy was fired after sites such as Penny Arcade got their hands on the e-mail chain . Did your airline break a musician 's guitar ? Pay him for it , or he 'll write a catchy country song and post it on YouTube , where 11 million people will see it . Want to charge your customers $ 2 just to make their payments online  the quickest , most environmentally friendly and easiest-to-process way  ? They 'll hound you online so mercilessly that you 'll have to change your mind the next day . Yes , Verizon , we 're looking at you . We 've got this great big tool to tell lots of folks about your wrongdoings really fast . So resolve to be nice . Or you will pay . Smartphone misbehavior Just because your phone lets you get on the Internet does n't mean you have to tweet -- or heaven forbid , make a call -- on the toilet . You do n't have to bury your face in Words With Friends while you 're walking down the hall , putting us both at risk of a collision and concussion . We get it . Boy , do we ever get it . Those super-computers in our pockets are alluring in a way that not much technology has ever been . We get hooked ourselves sometimes . But you can put your phone away once in a while . If you try hard , you can make it through 2012 without texting in front of us in the movie theater or while weaving through rush-hour traffic . And while we 're at it , here 's a tip for you Apple employees : Try to get through 2012 without leaving any iPhone 5 prototypes in bars . Really , you can do it .	In 2012 , resolve to kill off these bad behaviors on the Web That copy-and-pasted Facebook status ? Try writing your own instead Avoid bad Twitter spelling and comment-section trolling Deal with the public ? Treat people well , or the Internet watchdogs will not be pleased
CNN  -- David overcame Goliath as Britain 's David Haye claimed the WBA world heavyweight title with a majority 12-round points victory over giant Russian Nikolai Valuev in Nuremberg on Saturday night . Valuev had a massive advantage in height and weight , towering over former cruiserweight champion Haye , but the challenger fought a clever tactical fight to win the verdict of the three judges . One scored it a 114-114 draw with the two others giving it 116-112 in Haye 's favor . The flamboyant Briton reserved his best until the final round , catching the eye of the judges with a series of combinations which came close to flooring a well-beaten Valuev , who had lost just one of his previous 52 fights . Blog : Wily David out-thought Goliath . Haye , supported by a strong British contingent , said that the victory was the fulfillment of a childhood dream . "  Ever since I was little , I said that one day I would be heavyweight champion of the world , " he told ringside reporters . "  It 's a dream come true . " The 29-year-old Haye is the first British world heavyweight champion since Lennox Lewis retired in 2003 . From the first bell , Haye , who is now 23-1 , looked the sharper , unsettling Valuev with smart hooks , the Russian shaking his head to say he had not been hurt . But the shots were scoring points with the judges and it was not until the seventh that Valuev could be clearly seen to have won a round . Haye landed significant shots in the ninth and 10th and upping the ante in the final round rocked the champion with two huge left hooks which rounded off a superb performance against man with a 44 kilogram weight advantage and standing 28 centimeters taller . He now faces a mandatory title defense against American John Ruiz , who won a WBA eliminator in a bout on the undercard .	David Haye wins WBA world heavyweight title in Nuremberg Briton Haye beats giant Russian Nikolai Valuev on points after 12 rounds Haye is first British world heavyweight champion since Lennox Lewis Few gave him a chance of victory as he conceded massive height and weight advantage
Cupertino , California  CNN  -- Tim Cook , Apple 's newly appointed CEO , did not introduce a single product on Tuesday . At Cook 's first news conference since officially taking over for Apple co-founder Steve Jobs , his team of executives announced a new iPhone , an application for sending greeting cards , and a location-based social network called Find My Friends . But Cook himself did not announce a single thing . To use artistic metaphors , perhaps that 's indicative of how Cook sees his role as Apple leader -- not as a sculptor but as an orchestra conductor . Jobs is renowned for his ability to mold the shape of products during their development and for his involvement in seemingly trivial details of the business . He does not hesitate to tell his employees or powerful partners outside the company when he thinks they are wrong and need to rethink products . And , as even those who have been on the receiving end admit , he 's usually right . Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates once said of Jobs , "  I 'd give a lot to have Steve 's taste . " Cook , who filled in for Jobs when he had taken medical leaves in past years , opened and closed Tuesday 's iPhone 4S presentation alone , a role typically reserved for Jobs . The event was an important exam for Cook , and analysts say he passed . "  I think Tim Cook did fine today , " said John Jackson , an analyst at Boston-based market research firm CCS Insight , who attended the keynote . "  The bench picks up where Steve left off . " At Apple 's developers conference in June , when Jobs was on medical leave and Cook was filling in as interim CEO , Jobs was the first to take the stage . At that event , he unveiled the ambitious iCloud Internet service and then concluded the keynote . On Tuesday , however , Eddy Cue , who was Cook 's first top-level executive appointment since becoming chief , handled the iCloud segment . Cook , Apple 's longtime operating chief before rising to CEO , has had limited stage experience . He appeared in New York earlier this year for a Verizon Wireless news conference where the U.S. cellular giant announced that it would start carrying the iPhone . Tuesday was Cook 's first test on his home turf . Although some observers on Twitter griped during the event about a lack of eye-popping news , Cook appeared comfortable and confident . He recited his lines flawlessly , and cracked jokes about iPads making planes more fuel-efficient , which elicited hearty laughs .  However , Phil Schiller , Apple 's marketing exec , drew the most laughs when describing the improved camera on the iPhone 4S and how hard it was to get a squirrel to stand still for a photo shoot . Apple 's fall announcements are typically held at a convention center in San Francisco and focus heavily on new iPods , but this one took place in a small auditorium on Apple 's campus here , which limited the size of the crowd . "  It 's sort of like inviting you into our home , " Cook said to a crowd of reporters , analysts and executives . "  Just 10 years ago , we launched the original iPod here , and it went on to revolutionize the way we listen to music . " In between discussing Apple Store openings in China and explaining sales and market share data , Cook made several comments that seemed humble and personal . "  I consider it the privilege of a lifetime to have worked here for 14 years and am very excited about this new role , " he said at the outset . And he closed with , "  I am so incredibly proud of this company . " The amount of preparation and rehearsal that went into Cook 's onstage arrangement was evident , said Gartner analyst Michael King , who did not attend the event but followed along from Washington . "  I actually thought it was a little more crisp than a Jobs presentation , " he said . "  Less story time , more presentation . It was extremely well timed . " The first row of seating in the room was filled with Apple execs , with one obvious omission . Jobs , who is now an Apple director and chairman of its board of directors , was nowhere in sight and was not mentioned once during the presentation , though his presence was felt . The experience was different with Cook taking center stage , but not drastically . "  Certainly , the tone was different , " Jackson said . "  It does herald a certain cultural shift at Apple . These events are n't going to be the same as they ever were . " "  It 's not going to be the Steve Jobs show that generates headlines worldwide , " he added . Apple has carefully crafted the persona of Jobs in recent years as a visionary who is dynamic , charismatic and likable , said Sasha Strauss , a director for consulting firm Innovation Protocol . While Apple works its marketing magic on Cook , the company and its leader will need to figure out what role he should serve in the public eye . Maybe Cook is well-positioned to conduct an orchestra of Apple 's key supporting players . But will the company 's product launches continue to make the same splash without a superstar ?	New Apple CEO Tim Cook passed his first test as presenter , analysts say Observer : A Cook keynote is unlike a "  Steve Jobs show " Cook looked more like an orchestra conductor than a pitchman Analyst : "  I thought it was a little more crisp than a Jobs presentation "
Surrey , British Columbia  CNN  -- Canadian authorities braced for protests expected to take place near Vancouver , British Columbia , on Thursday outside an event where former U.S. presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton are scheduled to appear . Amnesty International called on Canadian authorities to arrest Bush for "  war crimes " while activists announced Occupy Wall Street-style protests of the economic summit in Surrey where the former presidents were scheduled to speak along with world finance experts . "  We would prefer his home country try George W. Bush , " said Alex Neve , secretary-general of Amnesty International Canada . Neve said Bush should face trial for ordering the so-called enhanced interrogation , such as water boarding , of suspected terrorists . "  But the Obama administration has made it clear they do not intend to do that , so we are asking Canada to . We are not naive . It 's an uphill fight but we feel we have a strong case , " Neve said . Across social media and the Internet , activists called for an "  Occupy Surrey " protest similar to demonstrations in dozens of cities decrying Wall Street excess . Several recent Occupy Wall Street demonstrations led to property damage and arrests . Authorities in Canada said they were prepared for potential clashes with protesters , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said . RCMP Cpl. Drew Grainger said in a statement the force is going to "  respect the rights to democratic and lawful protest and is approaching this event no different than other similar events with a potential for conflict . " The summit is taking place in Surrey , a city just south of Vancouver with a population of about 370,000 . Organizers are charging about $ 600 a head for an audience of about 500 people to listen to speakers , including Bush and Clinton . According to the summit agenda , the two ex-presidents will share the stage for about an hour to discuss a variety of topics including "  new realities of the North American economy . " The talk given by the two presidents is scheduled to begin at 3:45 p.m. ET and will be closed to the media , organizers said . The government of Canada , a close U.S. ally , has not commented on protesters ' calls to arrest Bush . But the country 's Immigration Minister Jason Kenney told the Vancouver Sun newspaper the request was not being taken seriously . "  Amnesty International cherry-picks cases to publicize based on ideology , " Kenney said . "  This kind of stunt helps explain why so many respected human rights advocates have abandoned Amnesty International . " Last month , protesters appeared at a Vancouver event for former vice president Dick Cheney promote his book .	Protests are expected at a Vancouver event with Bush and Clinton Amnesty International wants Bush arrested for war crimes The Royal Canadian Mounted Police is ready for clashes The ex-presidents plan to speak at an economic summit
CNN  -- What are we afraid of ? That 's the one thing I still do n't understand ; the one question -- nearly a month removed -- I 'd love to have answered . What in the world are we so afraid of ? In its October 4 issue , Sports Illustrated released a seven-page excerpt from my new book , "  Sweetness : The Enigmatic Life of Walter Payton , " a biography of the Chicago Bears ' running back . The short piece concerned Payton 's post-football struggles , ranging from depression to infidelity to suicide threats . It was , admittedly , a jarring look at a man who , to most Chicagoans , served as a beacon of light . Throughout his 13 seasons as a Bear , Payton was n't merely a phenomenal running back . He was an NFL icon ; one of the faces  and blinding smiles  of the league . Hence , to learn that Payton was -- what 's the word ? -- human , immediately rubbed many football fans  and , in particular , Chicago fans  the wrong way . In 17 years as a journalist , I 've never received so many vicious letters , so many confrontational tweets , so many threatening e-mails . The general take  in sanitized terms  : How dare you write a book about Sweetness when he 's not here to defend himself ? How dare you . To be honest , I was initially taken aback . You devote three years to a project , only to be judged on a sliver of a sliver of the full body of work . I felt the need to defend my intentions and stand up for my honor and convince every single naysayer that "  Sweetness " was a detailed , exhaustively researched biography that delves into the ... blah , blah , blah . Now , I 'm just mad . This is what biographies are supposed to do . From Manning Marable 's astonishing "  Malcolm X : A Life of Reinvention " to Richard Ben Cramer 's "  Joe DiMaggio : The Hero 's Life " to Jane Levy 's "  The Last Boy : Mickey Mantle and the End of America 's Childhood , " portraits of our icons should be truthful , fair and -- perhaps most important -- unflinching . We should want and expect this . They are written neither to love a subject nor loathe a subject , but to fully understand a subject . In other words , to provide a history lesson . In the years I spent trying to grasp Walter Payton , I learned to love -- truly love -- a uniquely giving , empathetic , quirky man . The portrait of Payton that already existed in the popular consciousness had been an overly simplistic  ie : mindless  one : The hard-nosed gridiron warrior who cracked lots of jokes and always had time for the fans . Payton 's background ? No interest . Payton 's motivations ? Meh . Payton 's struggles and conflicts and pains ? No , thank you . So what if Payton 's own autobiography , "  Never Die Easy , " was an ode to the Chip Hilton school of gosh-golly-gee selective storytelling ? Hey , it made us smile and sounded awfully good . Well , Walter Payton was so much more than good . Back in the fall of 1970 , he was a key peg in the desegregation of the Marion County  Mississippi  School District ; he was the black football player who -- by running 70-yard sweeps and walking with a quiet , confident dignity -- convinced skeptical white classmates  many of whom had never before spoken with a black person  that , hey , maybe this will work out OK . He went on to star at Jackson State University , where his brightest moment came not on the football field , but as a finalist on the Soul Train National College Dance Championship  he and his partner , Mary Jones , finished second -- a setback that haunted Payton as much as his failure to score a touchdown in Super Bowl XX  . While in college , Payton changed his birth year from 1953 to 1954 , inexplicably hoping the extra youth would give him in edge in Heisman Trophy balloting  it worked wonders -- he placed 14th  . When he was drafted by the lowly Chicago Bears , he cried in disappointment -- literally , tears streamed down his face . When his father died in a Columbia , Mississippi , jail in 1978  the police thought he was intoxicated ; truth be told , he was suffering from a brain aneurism  , he cried in devastation -- vowing to never refer to the place as his hometown again . Walter Payton signed every autograph request . Walter Payton dodged myriad interview requests . Walter Payton desperately wanted to be known as the greatest running back of all time . When Walter Payton became the NFL 's all-time leading rusher in 1984 , he shooed the media away . Walter Payton wanted people to know he did n't eat red meat . Walter Payton consumed Whoppers and Big Macs like a vacuum cleaner . Walter Payton was elated to be inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame . Walter Payton loathed the Hall of Fame induction ceremony -- knowing his wife and girlfriend would both be attending . When he retired after the 1987 season , Payton found himself searching for meaning in places where no meaning could be found . For 13 seasons he had been the toast of Chicago -- an incomparable running back and civic ambassador . Then , suddenly , it was over . His efforts to become an NFL owner fell short . His businesses yielded mixed results . His marriage was merely for show . He was lonely and angry and depressed , and -- at his absolute lowest -- he wrote suicide letters and contemplated taking his own life . The truth is harsh . Painful . Uncomfortable . And yet , it is also beautiful . Throughout his darkest days , when Payton saw no hope and no future , he continued to treat the people of Chicago as if they were his closest friends . On the streets of the Windy City , he 'd offer hugs and smiles and pinches to complete strangers . He 'd pose for pictures , sign autographs , tell the stories of Super Bowl XX or breaking Jim Brown 's all-time rushing record for the 12,471 st time . Never complaining . Never moaning . In the final months of his life , Payton was made aware his liver disease had morphed into bile duct cancer , that no transplant would be coming ; that he was , quickly , dying . At that time , with nothing to gain , the man known as Sweetness did one public service announcement after another , urging people to save a life and sign up as organ donors . The impact : Thousands of new registers . That 's Walter Payton . That 's a story worth telling . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman says he took a lot of heat for the revelations in his Walter Payton biography He does n't get it : Why are people angry , afraid when they learn the truth about their heroes He says Walter Payton was complex man of dualities ; suffered hardships in early life Pearlman : After retiring , Payton adrift but remained open to fans ; spoke out for organ donation
CNN  -- An Arizona judge declared a mistrial in the penalty phase of the Jodi Arias trial Thursday after a deadlocked jury said it could n't decide whether to sentence her to death for the murder of her ex-boyfriend . That means a new jury will be chosen , but the first-degree murder conviction still stands . A retrial for the penalty phase will begin on July 18 , Judge Sherry Stephens said . A status conference has been scheduled for June 20 . Since Tuesday , jurors had been deliberating whether Arias , 32 , should get a death sentence for murdering ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander in 2008 . A source with knowledge of the jury 's vote said there was an 8-4 split in favor of sentencing Arias to death . Jurors refused to talk to the media and immediately left the courtroom . The hung jury brought to a close a dramatic chapter in a high-profile case that has lasted for months , drawing spectators who lined up for courtroom seats and waited anxiously outside the courthouse . But the closely watched trial is n't over yet . In many states , the death penalty would be off the table if the jury could n't agree . Not Arizona . "  It 's a very unusual circumstance , but it is part of Arizona statute that yes , if you get to this third phase , the penalty phase , and there is a hung jury , it means another jury comes in , " said CNN 's Ashleigh Banfield , who has covered the Arias trial from the outset . In a written statement , Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery said prosecutors "  will proceed with the intent to retry the penalty phase . " "  We appreciate the jury 's work in the guilt and aggravation phases of the trial and now we will assess , based upon available information , what the next steps will be , " he said . Legal experts debate what 's next Speculation surged that prosecutors might consider offering Arias a plea deal rather than going through the lengthy steps necessary to find new jurors and present evidence to them . "  I do n't think by any means that this is a sure thing you retry the penalty phase , " said Mark Geragos , a criminal defense attorney . A lot depends , he said , on exactly how many jurors were willing to go with the death penalty this time around . "  If it was 11 to 1 ... for death , you can be sure the prosecutor is going to want a retrial . If it tilted the other way ... they may just decide , ` No , we 're not going to do that , we 'll try and cut a deal , ' " he said . Another key step for prosecutors will be speaking with Alexander 's family to decide whether to proceed , CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin said . "  The prosecutors have to speak to the family , because we know this family has been in the courtroom day in and day out . They were visibly shaken and upset when this hung jury came back , " she said . "  And so there 's no question in my mind that it 's premature to say this will , indeed , go to another penalty phase . " CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said that prosecutors have little motivation to agree to a plea deal that offers Arias a life sentence . If the prosecution won in a retrial , he said , Arias would receive the death penalty . But even if they lost , she would probably get "  the same life sentence she would obtain in a negotiated deal , " he said . "  The only real roadblock to a penalty retrial would be the strong request of the victim 's family to accept to a plea and end the process now , " he said . "  I think such a request unlikely . " Emotions ran high in the courtroom as the jury 's inability to agree on a sentence was announced . Arias appeared to be on the verge of tears . One of Alexander 's sisters sobbed . Even the normally stoic judge 's voice cracked as she dismissed jurors . "  Ladies and gentlemen , on behalf of the participants in this trial , I wish to thank you for your extraordinary service to this community , " she told them . "  This was not your typical trial . You were asked to perform very difficult responsibilities . " An alternate juror and a juror who was on the panel cried as the verdict was being read . As the jury filed out of the courtroom , one juror said , "  I 'm sorry " to Alexander 's family . Jurors struggle to agree Jurors had deliberated for more than 13 hours in the penalty phase of the trial when they told the court they would n't be able to agree on a verdict . Earlier this month , the same jurors took less than two hours to decide that Arias was "  exceptionally cruel " when she stabbed Travis Alexander 29 times , slit his neck from ear to ear and shot him in the face . They pronounced her guilty of first-degree murder on May 8 after 15 hours of deliberations . For Arias to be sentenced to death , a jury 's decision must be unanimous . About an hour into its deliberations on Thursday , the jury sent out a question , but the details of its query were not revealed in court . On Wednesday morning , the jury sent out a note saying its members could n't agree . Stephens told them to try again and ordered them back into the jury room . If Arias is given a sentence of death , she would be the fourth woman on death row in the state of Arizona . Have n't been following the trial ? Read this A plea for mercy On Tuesday , Arias pleaded with jurors to spare her . She told them she would dedicate her time in prison to performing acts of charity from behind bars . She said she would teach people to read or to speak Spanish , start a book club and donate her hair so it could be used to make wigs for sick children . She showed jurors several pieces of her artwork . She called Alexander 's murder "  the worst mistake " she had ever made , "  the worst thing I 've ever done . " She could n't have imagined herself capable of such a grisly crime , Arias told the jury . "  But I know that I was , " she said . "  And for that I 'm going to be sorry for the rest of my life -- probably longer . " A case packed with twists and turns Arias was living in Yreka , California , when she met Alexander at a business convention in Las Vegas in September 2006 . That November , he baptized Arias into the Mormon faith , a ceremony Arias said was followed by anal sex . Arias became his girlfriend two months later , she testified . They broke up in the summer of 2007 , and Alexander began dating other women . In June 2008 , Alexander missed two appointments , prompting friends to go to his house . They found his naked body crammed in a stand-up shower He had been stabbed 29 times in the back and torso and shot in the head . His throat was slit . After her arrest , Arias told an elaborate lie about masked intruders breaking into Alexander 's house and killing him before she narrowly escaped . Relatives who spoke with police described her as mentally unstable . The trial , which started in January , has been rife with sex , lies and digital images -- among them graphic autopsy photos that showed Alexander 's body . Now , if the trial continues , some of the same gruesome details of his slaying may be presented again in court . "  Because in order for a jury to actually impose the death penalty , they really need to see the cruelty , " criminal defense attorney Ashleigh Merchant told HLN . "  And they really need to understand the motives behind this murder and what great lengths she went to -- to actually cover this up . " HLNTV.com : Friend of Arias tweeting on her behalf CNN 's Ted Rowlands , Ben Brumfield and Eliott C. McLaughlin , HLN 's Anna Rhett Miller , Mike Galanos and Graham Winch and In Session 's Grace Wong contributed to this report .	NEW : Legal analysts debate whether prosecutors will offer Jodi Arias a deal A source says jurors voted 8-4 in favor of sentencing Arias to death The victim 's sister sobs and the judge 's voice cracks after jurors reveal their verdict One juror apologizes to victim Travis Alexander 's family
CNN  -- Twitter is set to launch an analytics service , it it was reported this week , allowing users to track the popularity of their tweets , their own popularity on the service , and the number of retweets , replies and faves each tweet received . In short : Twitter is launching a powerful tool that will make marketers salivate . What 's more , it 's being reported that the product may start at a surprising price : Free . Is Twitter simply throwing money away ? Tracking social media is big business , and the news that Twitter is set to enter the ring with a free product of its own may strike fear in the hearts of market leaders . "  Social media monitoring " services charge anything from tens of dollars to tens of thousands of dollars per month to provide brands with insights about their social marketing efforts . The popular product Radian6 , for instance , has prices starting at $ 600 per month . What 's more , brands large and small willingly pay these rates , keen to understand what their customers are saying about them on social media sites -- and perhaps influence those conversations . But few businesses are aware such services exist . Twitter would have the advantage of putting its analytics product directly in front of its 175 million users . With prices ranging from $ 10 per month for the individual user to thousands of dollars per month for corporate customers , such a service would easily be worth hundreds of millions of dollars per year . So why would n't Twitter jump at this opportunity ? One obvious reason : Businesses are more likely to stick with Twitter if they 're able to measure and improve upon the effectiveness of their marketing efforts . To continually update a Twitter feed requires significant effort , and without any evidence that the activity is improving the bottom line , it 's hard to make the business case for maintaining a Twitter account . With detailed statistics made available to every user , however , the story is very different -- a free analytics product would improve the company 's poor user retention rates . There 's another reason to make a social analytics product freely available : Facebook already does . Facebook Insights , which provides in-depth data to Facebook page owners , allows news organizations , brands and small businesses to optimize their Facebook usage to achieve their business goals . Given the choice between paying for Twitter stats or using Facebook Insights for free , perhaps some businesses would choose Facebook as their social platform of choice . Customer service concerns may also have swayed Twitter 's thinking . When using a free product , customers have low expectations about the level of personal service they expect to receive . But once those same customers are paying hundreds or even thousands of dollars for a product , there 's a need for a much larger customer service team . Or perhaps Twitter just wants to get people hooked . While the company is rumored to be launching the product as a free service , there 's no reason Twitter could n't charge for extra features in the future . Offering a free service to get customers in the door  the so-called "  freemium " model  could help the company attract more paying customers at a later date . So will a free analytics product mean Twitter is throwing away hundreds of millions of dollars per year ? Not necessarily : In the long term , a starting price of free may make better business sense for the social media giant .	Twitter is launching an analytics service that lets users track the popularity of their tweets Facebook Insight allows users to optimize their Facebook usage to achieve their business goals Unlike third parties , Twitter can put its product directly in front of its 175 million users
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- At 71 , two painful back surgeries have left Art Neville walking with a cane and a stiff gait . But if you put him down in front of a keyboard , his eyes light up and his fingers are as nimble as ever . Musician Art Neville relaxes in his longtime home on Valence Street in New Orleans , Louisiana . The name Neville is synonymous with New Orleans sound , the artist having performed on records including the Hawketts ' "  Mardi Gras Mambo , " the Meters ' "  Cissy Strut " and , of course , dozens of recordings with his siblings in the Neville Brothers . Neville has performed at every New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival but one -- and he missed that one only because of a management snafu . CNN caught up with him recently at his longtime home on Valence Street . He was listening to a box set of Sam Cooke , playing some iTunes and bragging about 27-year-old son Ian , who plays guitar . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : You have played everywhere . Is there any place you have n't played that you want to ? Art Neville : I do n't remember where I played . Going as far as back as I go , I do n't remember two days ago .  laughs CNN : What do you tell people when they -LSB- ask -RSB- , what is the city like ? Neville : New Orleans is my home , good , bad , bittersweet . New Orleans is my home , and eventually everything will be straightened out . CNN : When Jazz Fest kicked off 40 years ago , it was for the city , it was for the people . There were New Orleans bands . Do you have memories of these early bands ? Neville : It kind of runs together . I do n't know if this was Jazz Fest or not , but we were the first band to play Tipitina 's . It was before they called it Tipitina 's . We were the first band that played in there . And it was the Meters . CNN : The Meters ... so you broke it in with the funk ? Neville : Oh yeah , and it was good . I enjoy all the groups that I was involved with . After the Hawketts , the Meters came about . And the Meters turned out to be one of the best groups I played with , back in those days . CNN : What do you think Jazz Fest means to this area ? Neville : It 's obvious that it means something real serious . -LSB- When -RSB- it first started out , it was just ... jazz . It was New Orleans artists and people from around this area . Now you have bigger , out-of-state artists coming in , and it turned out to be real good . I just enjoy playing it every year . CNN : How important is Jazz Fest for lifting people 's spirits in this economic climate ? Neville : The reaction that I see from the crowds ... I 'm going through the same thing that they are going through . So we play the music for them , to try to make them smile for a little while or make them laugh or dance . That 's great . -LSB- I -RSB- ca n't really , I ca n't explain it . You just feel good . The crowd feels good . I feel good . CNN : One thing about the Jazz and Heritage Fest is the great food . What are some of your favorite Jazz Fest foods ? Neville : I like red beans -LSB- and rice -RSB- with everything in them -- greens , corn bread , potato salad . That 's what I used to get for Sunday dinners . That was our Sunday dinner . Both my grandmothers used to cook , they did a great job . Oyster loafs , shrimp loafs , gumbo , stuff like that .	Art Neville has performed at every New Orleans Jazz Fest except for one At 71 , Neville is still an avid piano player and talented musician "  New Orleans is my home , good , bad , bittersweet , " he says Neville says red beans and rice is his favorite Jazz Fest dish
CNN  Sabra Dipping Co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with Listeria , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday . The nationwide recall is voluntary . So far , no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported . The potential for contamination was discovered when a routine , random sample collected at a Michigan store on March 30 tested positive for Listeria monocytogenes . The FDA issued a list of the products in the recall . Anyone who has purchased any of the items is urged to dispose of or return it to the store for a full refund . Listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , frail or elderly people , and others with weakened immune systems , the FDA says . Although some people may suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever , severe headache , nausea , abdominal pain and diarrhea , Listeria can also cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women .	A random sample from a Michigan store tested positive for Listeria monocytogenes No illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported so far
CNN  -- Some people might give you the shirt off their back for free . Others might give you their last name -- for a fee . "  I just saw an opportunity -- my mom is going through a divorce and I do n't need this last name anymore , " explained 30-year old entrepreneur Jason Sadler , who lives in Jacksonville , Florida . "  I thought ` How am I going to find a new last name ? ' well ` Why not just sell it ? ' " To many , the idea of selling off the family surname might be crazy . Sadler says he wants to reinvest the money he makes into other "  fun marketing things " and "  give 10 % of it to charity . " The bidding ended December 13 on Sadler 's website -- buymylastname.com -- and the winning bidder will pay $ 45,500 for Sadler to change his name to Jason Headsets.com . For all of 2013 , Sadler will legally assume the new surname decided by the winning bidder and will need to change all official forms of identification . The legal process may take several weeks , according to the Florida state courts system , and involves submitting fingerprints for a state and national criminal check , the associated cost for processing , a court date to consider the name change request and a judge 's final approval . This is not Sadler 's first attempt at a more creative -- if unorthodox -- moneymaking scheme . In 2009 , the entrepreneur started wearing the shirts of other companies , serving as a walking ad space for a day . He pulled in more than $ 66,000 on top of his regular day job that first year . That start-up still operates today at iwearyourshirt.com . Watch : Human advertising in space Sadler , interviewed earlier in the week by CNN , rejects the idea that he is selling out . "  The reason I say that is that I do n't want this last name anymore . The name Sadler does n't mean anything to me anymore . And for me I want to work with a brand . I live in this kind of online marketing world and I 'm very passionate about it . If I said I 'll take any casino or pornography site -- that would be selling out . " Sadler set some guidelines before the winning bid . "  I had some legalese written up . If you read the terms and conditions -- nothing political , nothing religious , nothing defaming anybody . There 's been a lot of talk on the internet about giving me a dumb last name . It 's just not going to happen . I have the last right of refusal . " Beyond 2013 , Sadler says he might do it over again and represent someone new or just "  pick a random name from the phone book . "	NEW : Winning bidder pays $ 45,500 to change surname to "  Headsets.com " American entrepreneur Jason Sadler will assume new last name for 2013 Sadler : "  Mom going through divorce , I do n't need this last name anymore " Highest bidder gets to name Sadler but legally retains "  last right of refusal "
London  CNN  -- For table tennis players Pam Fontaine and Tara Profitt , competing at the London 2012 Paralympics marks the climax of a remarkable journey . "  It 's really kind of awesome , " Fontaine told CNN . "  It 's kind of surreal , the chances of it happening -- I thought we probably would 've done a better job with winning the lottery than for us both to be able to do it again , 20-something years later . " The U.S. pair first took part in 1984 at Stoke Mandeville , outside London , but then lost touch with each other . They retired from the game to concentrate on other aspects of life -- in Fontaine 's case , on her first love , wheelchair basketball . But after each separately decided to take up table tennis again just a few years ago , they were reunited by chance in 2008 . Paralympics history comes full circle at London 2012 In the course of catching up they conjured up a dream : to play together at the London Paralympics , 28 years after they first traveled to the United Kingdom as naive 19-year-olds to represent their country . The idea had an added piquancy because it was Fontaine who had first introduced Profitt to table tennis -- also known as ping pong -- at the Ohio college where they met in 1983 . But could they pull it off ? It was n't going to be easy to make the grade for selection nearly three decades later . Aspects of the game had changed , rules had evolved -- and their rivals for coveted spots on the Team USA Paralympic squad could be of any age . What do the Paralympics mean to you ? Undaunted , they set about getting themselves back up to speed through dedicated training ; Fontaine in the Dallas area and Profitt in her home state of Connecticut , aided by coach Roman Tinyszin . They traveled the globe last year to gain world ranking points in International Table Tennis Federation tournaments , taking in everywhere from Venezuela to Mexico , Brazil , Argentina , Slovenia and the Netherlands . Fontaine 's place in the Team USA squad was confirmed in January this year . Then came an anxious wait to see if Profitt had made it into the last spot in her disability class . Finally the news they had both been praying for came through in March -- she was in . Profitt , 47 , was overjoyed by the news . "  It means a lot to me , " she said . "  The older you get , the more you appreciate the things in life . " As 19-year-olds , Profitt and Fontaine played singles at the 1984 Games rather than doubles , partly because they fall into different classification bands . The complex Paralympic system is intended to make sure athletes compete against others with the same level of impairment . But this time around they will be competing both individually and in the team event . Fontaine is aware of how much things have changed for Paralympic athletes over the years . "  Back in those days , you had to pay your own way . If you could n't afford it , you could n't go , so you had to fundraise , " she recalled . "  The uniforms were so ugly nobody wanted them . " Despite more than two decades out of touch , the friends still have many things in common . Fontaine has two sons , one in the military and the other starting college , while Profitt has one ; all three boys are very close in age . Profitt is accompanied on the trip to London by her husband , Matt -- who was introduced to her by Fontaine when they were all students at Wright State University , in Dayton . They will celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary in London . Both women were also successful able-bodied athletes before each suffered a devastating accident while a teenager . Before meeting Fontaine in college , Profitt thought she would never practice sport again after a diving accident left her paralyzed from the chest down in 1979 . She still appreciates what Fontaine did in introducing her to life as a disabled athlete . Fontaine had played high school basketball before she was paralyzed in an automobile accident at age 16 . The impact , in the days before seat belt laws came into force , sent her flying from the passenger seat through the windscreen . She broke her back , among other injuries , but a month after leaving the hospital she was at her first wheelchair basketball practice . "  I did n't have that period of ` Woe is me , ' " Fontaine said . "  I was right back in it . " Just over a year later , in 1982 , she made her first trip overseas to play table tennis . But after competing at the 1984 Paralympics , Fontaine retired from the sport to focus on her beloved hoops instead , eventually retiring as an international basketball player in 2002 . Five years later , Fontaine took up table tennis again . She tried for the Beijing squad in 2008 but just missed out on a place . "  I knew I was close to the level , so I said , ` OK -- there 's another four years . If I work really hard , try hard , stay on track , maybe I can make the next one . ' " When a fellow table tennis player then put her in touch with Profitt , who had picked up the game again in 2008 , their shared dream was born . Since then , they have spoken almost every day , said Fontaine . The fact they are returning to the United Kingdom , where they played in their first Paralympics , makes its realization all the more special . "  It 's back where we started -- it 's kind of like I went through a full circle , " said Fontaine . "  We worked really , really had to get where we are and it 's been a fun journey for the most part . " Both are down-to-earth about their achievements , despite their inspirational history . Profitt runs two senior table tennis programs , while Fontaine 's work as an adjunct professor teaching kinesiology , the study of body movement , at Texas Wesleyan University in Fort Worth , means she can also share her love of sport . "  I 've never really thought of myself as an inspiration -- I just feel that I am blessed to be an athlete . I 've been an athlete my entire life , " Fontaine said . "  If I can help someone along the way , change someone 's attitude about people with disabilities , help people to learn something , then that 's a good day . " The chance to represent the United States once again at the Paralympics is a "  true honor , " she said . "  That is one of the greatest honors you can have as an athlete , to represent your country , and your community , and yourself and your family . "	Pam Fontaine and Tara Profitt are playing table tennis at the London Paralympics They first competed in the Games in 1984 and are delighted to make Team USA again Both embraced wheelchair sport after they were paralyzed as teenagers in accidents They lost touch for more than two decades before being reunited through table tennis
CNN  -- A British man was jailed Tuesday for raping two of his daughters and fathering nine children over 27 years , a case with echoes of Austria 's Josef Fritzl . The two daughters were made pregnant 19 times ; there were nine births , five miscarriages and five terminations . Seven of the children are alive but suffer genetic deformities . The father , who can not be named for legal reasons banning the identification of his victims and the surviving children , pleaded guilty Tuesday at Sheffield Crown Court , northern England , and was sentenced to serve 25 life sentences to run concurrently . The judge said the minimum term the 56-year-old rapist should serve in jail should be 19 1/2 years . South Yorkshire Police Chief Superintendent Simon Torr said , "  The victims of these terrible crimes have asked me to state the following : ` His detention in prison brings us only the knowledge that he can not physically touch us again . The suffering he has caused will continue for many years , and we must now concentrate our thoughts on finding the strength to rebuild our lives . ' " Speaking for the police , Torr added , "  The main concern ... is for those who have been so badly affected : the victims who have suffered a terrible ordeal . We will continue to offer them our full support to try and help them get on with their lives . "  As far as the sentence goes , we are satisfied that this offender has received the strongest possible punishment for his heinous crimes . Now we need to ensure continuing support for those who have suffered as a result of his actions . " The daughters first told police about their ordeal in June , but the abuse dated to 1981 . It emerged that in 1998 one daughter rang Childline , a charity to help abused kids , and asked for assurances about being able to keep her children if she came forward . When Childline could not make that guarantee , the daughter did nothing more to raise her plight . Watch how the case came to light " The UK 's Press Association reported that the rapes began in 1981 with daily attacks and that for long periods , they would be raped up to three times a week , and the assaults would continue through pregnancies . Their only reprieve came after they had just given birth or when they were ill because of the abuse . If either daughter tried to refuse their father 's attacks , they would be punched , kicked and or held to the flames of a gas fire , burning their eyes and arms , PA reported . Despite visiting hospitals and meeting with social workers over the 27 years of abuse , no investigation was launched into the family . The case comes in the wake of the death of a baby , known only as Baby P , which has dominated headlines in Britain . The baby endured horrendous torture and died despite being on the local authority 's child protection register . In Austria this year , Josef Fritzl was arrested , accused of keeping his daughter in a basement dungeon and fathering seven children through the rapes .	Dad in UK sentenced to life in jail for subjecting daughters to rapes over 27 years Rapes resulted in 19 pregnancies , nine births , seven children Surviving children suffer genetic disorders Judge questions why social workers , professionals did not find out about case
CNN  -- Broken noses , black eyes , bent fingers -- rugby players wear their battle scars as badges of honor . "  You 're never in danger of not being seen as a rugby player , " says England 's Simon Shaw , who at 6 feet 8 inches  2.03 meters  tall is never in danger of not being seen . "  Rugby you wear on your face , basically . " After a 15-year international career , Shaw has his fair share of bumps and bruises to take into his third World Cup in New Zealand . Among the marks the game has left on his frame over the years is a classic rugby war wound , one that is increasingly rare in the modern , headgear-wearing era : a cauliflower ear . But his is a minor example compared to some former players . A bluffer 's guide to rugby union England scrum coach and former player Graham Rowntree is naturally blessed with ears like taxi doors , but the former loosehead prop augmented them with years of hard service in front row of the scrum . As one of the ways to restart play , the set scrum is also one area of the game that can be hard to referee -- and what really goes on in there is only really known by the players themselves . But if the battle scars of rugby have n't changed much since Shaw first started playing in 1990 , he says that pretty much every other part of the game has been transformed . New Zealand 's World Cup obsession Professionalism , training regimes , nutritionists and physios have all combined to create the modern players ' physiques . "  It amuses me that in adverts and in films that get made about rugby , often they 're blokes that are overweight and with beer bellies . That 's not the case anymore , " Shaw says . "  Bumps and minor injuries are part and parcel of the game , given the strength and the speed of players playing now . But also guys now are conditioned more to take the hits . "  It can look worse than it is as these days there are something like 15 TV cameras trained on every game . It can even be in 3-D and you can watch it in slow motion . " That 's easy for Shaw to say . His enduring toughness has given him the ability to play at the highest level for over 20 years . But for armchair spectators , the hard-hitting part of rugby they find so appealing remains best sampled vicariously . "  I 've played with dislocated fingers . You often get  injuries  a couple of days before a game . You just tape them up and get on with it , " Shaw says . The ultimate example of "  getting on with it " must be former New Zealand captain Wayne "  Buck " Shelford . In a match against France in 1986 , his scrotum was ripped by an opponent 's studded boot . It 's a horrific injury that would make most never want to play again , but Shelford went to the sideline , had it stitched up and amazingly went back on the field to play the rest of the match . Shelford has said that he does n't remember the incident or the game itself , having also been knocked out and losing a few teeth as well . Rules have tightened up against dangerous play to curb stray boots and flying fists . "  The game is n't quite as ferocious nowadays , " says Shaw . "  Well , basically there are not quite as many fights . " Spear tackling and taking out players who are jumping for the ball are not allowed because of the potentially career or even life-threatening consequences . As well as tighter laws , having so many cameras at big matches has meant that players ca n't get away with any foul play behind the referee 's back . Certainly nothing like the organized brawl that took place on the British and Irish Lions tour to South Africa in 1974 that has become a rugby legend . After some violent play in previous matches , Lions captain Willie John McBride decided before the match in Port Elizabeth that his team would "  get their retaliation in first " at the first sign of South African aggression . When "  99 " was called at a lineout , each one of the 15 Lions players took a swing at an opponent , meaning the referee could n't identify the instigator of the fight . Not one player was sent off . As he looks forward to what will probably be his last international appearances , Shaw has no nostalgia for the old days . The game remains tough enough without too many of the extras . "  The level of rucking  a contest for the ball after a tackle  has pretty much been eradicated from the game , which has made it a lot safer . You do n't come away from a game with a road map on your back made of ruck marks . "	Physical nature of rugby means that bruises and injuries are common Players are fitter and stronger than ever due to modern training regimes England player Simon Shaw says game has transformed during his career Rules have tightened up against dangerous play to curb stray boots and flying fists
Lola Wang , a 28-year-old marketing officer in Shanghai , makes a six-hour trip to Shandong province in eastern China to see her parents twice a year -- once during the Lunar New Year and again during the National Day holiday in October . "  I feel like I should visit my parents more but having a job in the financial industry means I have to work long hours and sacrifice some of my personal time for work , " Wang , an only child , tells CNN . Wang 's dilemma is faced by many young people in China , where a one-child policy and three decades of economic reforms have accelerated the decline of the traditional extended family . It 's also a matter of concern for China 's new leaders as they grapple with the burden of supporting the growing number of elderly people . New law A new national law introduced this week requires the offspring of parents older than 60 to visit their parents "  frequently " and make sure their financial and spiritual needs are met . "  People are accusing young people of not visiting their parents enough , " says Wang , adding she agrees with the aims of the law . "  Admittedly , some of them use their career and long working hours as an excuse . My problems are that I do care about my parents , but I have little vacation and my parents live far away . " According to the state-run Xinhua news agency , China had about 185 million people above the age of 60 at the end of 2011 . The figure is expected to surge to 221 million in 2015 and by 2050 a third of China 's population will be classed as elderly . Neglect The "  Law of Protection of Rights and Interests of the Aged " was amended by China 's legislature in December after a spate of reports about elderly parents neglected by their children . In one particularly horrific case in China 's eastern Jiangsu province , a local television station reported that a farmer had kept his 100-year-old mother in a pigsty with a 440lb sow . Chen Shoutian told the station his mother had been happy to live there : "  She wants to stay here because she feels it is convenient , " he said . A modest pension and social welfare system , particularly in rural areas , means elderly people are usually dependent on their children for support . More than a fifth live below the poverty line , according to figures from the National School of Development at Peking University . Changing values Although respect for the elderly is still deeply engrained in Chinese society , traditional values like filial piety have been weakened by the country 's rush to modernity . "  The traditional family support system is eroding for many reasons and I think the government would like to slow this process down , " said Albert Park , the director of the Emerging Markets Institute at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . The law stipulates that children can not give up their inheritance rights in attempt to evade their duty to take care of their parents . It adds that children should pay a monthly allowance to their parents if they refuse to take care of them . The legislation also allows for the elderly to sue their children but does not specify the process or what penalties they might face . It may also prove difficult to enforce , says Ding Yiyuan from Beijing Yingke Law Firm . He told the Guangzhou Daily newspaper the law fails to qualify the word "  frequently . " He added that few elderly people were likely to sue their own children . First case On Tuesday , XInhua reported that a 77-year-old woman from Jiangsu city of Wuxi sued her daughter for neglecting her . In the first case after the new law came into effect , the local court ruled that her daughter must visit her at least twice a month and provide financial support . But the law 's introduction has proved controversial . Some say it puts too much pressure on those who move away from home for work , study or other opportunities . Cheng Zhegang , 50 , whose only child is studying for a master 's degree in the United States , said the law "  distorts the parent-child relationship . " He hopes his daughter will head to a big city like Shanghai or Beijing to find a job on graduation and not return to the small town where she grew up . "  I do n't want my daughter to have a burden both physically and spiritually , " he told CNN . "  For me , my daughter 's career is the most important thing . As the parent of an only child , I have spent so much time and money on my daughter 's education and now I want her to be successful . "	New Chinese law requires children to visit elderly parents Care of growing elderly population a big challenge for China 's leaders One-child policy and economic reform have broken up extended family Some say law controversial and hard to enforce
CNN  -- Cirque du Soleil and a Las Vegas casino are facing thousands of dollars in citations after a performer fell nearly 100 feet to her death during a show in June . The performer , Sarah Guillot-Guyard , plunged to the floor after the wire rope from which she was suspended broke , the Nevada Occupational Safety and Health Administration  OSHA  said in a statement Tuesday outlining the results of its investigation into her death . Guillot-Guyard , an experienced acrobat and aerialist , died from "  multiple blunt force trauma , " OSHA said . The fall happened as Guillot-Guyard , 31 , was performing in the final scene of the long-running Cirque du Soleil show "  Ka " in front of an audience at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino on June 29 . During the scene , a mock battle , performers were suspended in the air on lines controlled by wireless remote controls . The wire rope Guillot-Guyard was attached to was severed by her "  rapid ascent , " which caused the rope to come out of the pulley and scrape against a "  shear point , " according to OSHA . She fell 94 feet to the floor , it said . Shortcomings cited The agency said Cirque du Soleil had n't trained Guillot-Guyard properly and had failed to adequately protect employees working for the show . Those issues were among the six citations OSHA proposed for Cirque du Soleil , with fines totaling more than $ 25,000 . It issued three citations for the MGM Grand , with total penalties of $ 7,000 , saying the casino 's employees were exposed to hazards because of shortcomings in Cirque du Soleil 's safety measures . Both companies said they would appeal . "  Cirque du Soleil completed an exhaustive review of its safety policies and procedures in the wake of the tragic accident involving Sarah , " Cirque du Soleil said in a statement . "  We have redoubled our efforts to ensure the overall diligence and safety of our performers and crew . " MGM said that "  safety always has been the top priority for both MGM Resorts and Cirque du Soleil and we continue to work to ensure the safety of our cast and crew . " ` You could hear screaming ' In the immediate aftermath of Guillot-Guyard 's death , one man who witnessed her fall described the horrific sequence of events . Guillot-Guyard "  was being hoisted up the side of the stage and then just plummeted down , " Dan Mosqueda told the Las Vegas Sun newspaper . "  Initially , a lot of people in the audience thought it was part of the choreographed fight , " he said . "  But you could hear screaming , then groaning , and we could hear a female artist crying from the stage . " The show was suspended after the fatal accident . It resumed performances more than two weeks later . Guillot-Guyard was born in Paris , specialized as an acrobat and aerialist , and had performed for more than 20 years , according to a website for Cirquefit , which describes itself as a circus and fitness program for kids . She taught classes through that program . Nicknamed "  Sassoon , " she was part of the original cast of "  Ka , " Cirque du Soleil said in a statement issued shortly after her death . Cirque du Soleil , which translates as "  Circus of the Sun " from French , is headquartered in Montreal . It was founded in 1984 . Cirque du Soleil shocks Beijing audience with Tiananmen ` tank man ' image CNN 's Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	The performer fell almost 100 feet after a wire rope broke , the OSHA said It happened during the final scene of a performance in front of an audience Cirque du Soleil faces fines worth over $ 25,000 ; MGM Grand faces $ 7,000 Both companies say they will appeal the decision
The father of Edward J. Snowden has offered federal authorities a deal that he says would likely lead the accused leaker to return voluntarily to the United States to face espionage charges . The proposal was laid out in a letter , dated Thursday and obtained Friday by CNN 's "  Amanpour , " addressed to Attorney General Eric Holder and written by Bruce Fein , a Washington-based lawyer for Snowden 's father , Lonnie G. Snowden . It demands that the former National Security Agency computer contractor who exposed details about U.S. surveillance programs remain free prior to trial ; not be subject to a gag order ; and be tried in a place of his choosing . It further demands that , if any of those promises is broken , the prosecution would be dismissed . Read the letter "  With these written representations and guarantee , Mr. Snowden is reasonably confident that his son could be persuaded to surrender voluntarily to the jurisdiction of the United States to face trial , " Fein wrote . The Justice Department has no immediate comment . In comments Friday to NBC News ' "  Today , " the elder Snowden said he had not spoken with his son since April . "  I love him , I would like to have the opportunity to communicate with him . I do n't want to put him in peril , but I am concerned about those who surround him , " he said . Though the 30-year-old man may have betrayed his government , "  I do n't believe he has betrayed the people of the United States , " he said . He expressed concern that his son might have been manipulated by WikiLeaks . "  Their focus is n't necessarily the Constitution of the United States , " he said . "  It 's simply to release as much information as possible . " A day after authorities in Ecuador said they would not bow to U.S. pressure as they weigh Snowden 's request for asylum , State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell denied any "  bullying " tactics had been used . "  The point is just that we are making a consistent point to any government that might take him as a final destination that this is somebody wanted on serious felony charges and we would like him returned to the United States , " Ventrell told reporters Friday in response to a question from CNN 's Jill Dougherty . Obama : Pay no attention to that man we ca n't capture He was referring to his warning Thursday that Ecuador 's economic ties with the United States could be jeopardized . "  What would not be a good thing is them granting Mr. Snowden asylum , " Ventrell had said . "  That would have grave difficulties for a bilateral relationship . " Ventrell then cited trade agreements the United States has extended to Ecuador . "  They 're unilateral trade provisions that provide a benefit to certain Ecuadorian products , " Ventrell said . "  Whether they 're renewed or not is a prerogative of the U.S. Congress . " Asked about that remark , Ventrell said Friday , "  I would n't call it a threat . I 'd say that , you know , we are making the same points in public that we are making in private -- that this is somebody accused of serious crimes that we want returned . " The warning sparked a strong response on Thursday from Ecuador 's president , Rafael Correa , at an event in Quevedo . "  It is outrageous to try to delegitimize a state for receiving a petition of asylum , " said the left-leaning economist who is known for decrying what he and other Latin American leaders have called U.S. imperialism . And on Friday , the Embassy of Ecuador announced that the country had suspended its support for the Andean Trade Promotion and Drug Eradication Act , which provided duty-free treatment for certain products . U.S. asks Ecuador to reject any asylum request from Snowden "  As we have stated previously , any political or economic consequences of our decision regarding the asylum request are outweighed by our legal and humanitarian obligations , " an embassy statement said . Last year , Ecuador granted asylum to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , who remains in the nation 's embassy in Britain . Ecuador 's rationale appeared to have won support from former U.S. President Jimmy Carter . If another country wants to give haven to Snowden , "  then that is their right as a sovereign nation , " he told CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux . "  If the United States can acquire custody of him , I 'm sure he will be brought to trial , and that 's the way the law should be implemented . " Snowden 's acts may have some positive impact , Carter said . "  He 's obviously violated the laws of America , for which he 's responsible , but I think the invasion of human rights and American privacy has gone too far , " he said . "  I think that the secrecy that has been surrounding this invasion of privacy has been excessive , so I think that the bringing of it to the public notice has probably been , in the long term , beneficial . " Asked to elaborate , he said , "  I think the American people deserve to know what their Congress is doing . " Snowden has been at Moscow 's international airport since Sunday , when he arrived from Hong Kong . Europe furious , ` shocked ' by report of U.S. spying	Snowden 's father offers Attorney General Holder a deal The stipulations include that Snowden remain free until trial He must also be allowed to speak freely , his father 's lawyer says Asylum would be Ecuador 's right to offer , Jimmy Carter says
Mitt Romney says he 's not running for president again . Mind 's made up . No chance of changing it . Well , except for his "  Dumb and Dumber " scenario . Romney 's reference to the Jim Carrey movie came up as he explained again on the Hugh Hewitt radio show Tuesday night all the reasons he 's sitting out the 2016 presidential race . Romney said , "  someone else stands a better chance of winning than I do . Had that not been the case , had I believed I would actually be best positioned to beat Hillary Clinton , then I would be running . " Despite the calls from some Republicans for the 2012 nominee to take another shot in 2016 , Romney again said , "  I actually believe that someone new , someone not defined yet , someone who perhaps is from the next generation , will be able to catch fire potentially , build a movement and be able to beat Hillary Clinton . "  If I thought that were n't the case , " he added , "  then I would be running . " But Hewitt pressed him , saying that had to be subject to change if circumstances became different . "  I 'm not going there , " Romney responded , laughing . "  This is something we gave a lot of thought to when I decided early on we 're not going to run this time . I had the chance of running . I did n't win . " Then he added , "  circumstances can change , but I 'm just not going to let my head go there . I remember that great line from "  Dumb and Dumber ... " As Hewitt said the line  "  so you 're telling me there 's a chance "  , Romney said , "  there you go . You remember . So you 're telling me I have a chance . Yes , one out of a million . " Romney then painted a scenario about as likely as Carrey 's Lloyd Christmas winning over Lauren Holly . "  Well , let 's say all the guys that were running all came together and said , ` hey , we decided we ca n't do it , ' " he said . "  You must do it . That 's the one of a million we 're thinking about . " Which allows the political media to say , so you 're telling us there 's a chance ... Opinion : Will Mitt Romney run for president in 2016 ? Romney : Clinton wo n't be able to distance herself from Obama	Romney tells radio talk show host Hugh Hewitt he has no plans to run for president again He hopes someone from the GOP 's "  next generation " will "  catch fire " and win in 2016 Romney uses a quote from the movie "  Dumb and Dumber " to make his point
CNN  -- Tragedy struck at a Pennsylvania circus Friday after a startled elephant stomped its trainer to death , police said . People at the Irem Shrine in Wilkes-Barre , which has been hosting the James Hamid Circus all week , rushed to help but not before the trainer sustained life-threatening injuries , said police Lt. Steven Oshefski . It was unclear what spooked the elephant , but the pachyderm was calmed by those on the scene . The victim is not being identified until next-of-kin have been notified , Oshefski said . The incident was classified as a workplace accident and the investigation has been turned over to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration . A balloon vendor at the circus told CNN affiliate WBRE that the death was shocking . "  In the 30 years I 've been doing my vending , I 've never heard an animal killing their trainer and all , " said Ed Conrad . "  So something must have happened . " Oshefski said the elephant came into contact with electrical wires , but it was unclear what exactly startled the animal . Animal rights activists decried the use of animals in circuses . "  It should come as no surprise that elephants and other animals sometimes snap and attack circus employees and members of the public , " said Robbyn Brooks of the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals  PETA  . "  PETA has obtained shocking photos and video of circus trainers as they beat elephants and subject them to violent training methods using barbaric devices such as bullhooks , " Brooks said . Circus members observed a moment of silence for the elephant handler who died , WBRE reported . The circus , however , made a decision almost immediately after the death that the performance would go on .	Startled elephant stomps trainer at circus , killing him , authorities say Incident classified as workplace accident ; OSHA to conduct investigation Circus members observed moment of silence for worker before continuing show
CNN  After the death of King Abdullah , Saudi Arabia quickly announced that one of his younger brothers , Crown Prince Salman , was succeeding him . The man taking control of the world 's top oil exporter is well established in the Gulf kingdom 's corridors of power . Salman , 79 , is "  a stalwart of the royal family " who is "  viewed as a pragmatic and cautious reformer , much like his predecessor , " says CNN 's Becky Anderson in Abu Dhabi . He has served as defense minister and deputy prime minister of Saudi Arabia , a vital U.S. ally in the Middle East , for years . Like Abdullah , he 's one of the dozens of sons of Saudi Arabia 's founder , King Abdulaziz . Here are some of the key points about the new ruler . Salman was governor of the Saudi capital , Riyadh , for nearly five decades during a period of significant change . "  When he became governor in 1963 , Riyadh had 200,000 inhabitants -- today it has more than seven million , " Bruce Riedel , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution 's Center for Middle East Policy , said in a commentary . "  Salman presided over this remarkable transformation with a record for good governance and a lack of corruption . " "  He had to be a combination ... of a reformer , of a judge , a jury in some cases , and deal with dissent , as well as dealing with economic issues , " Robert Jordan , a former U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia , told CNN . "  So I think he 's well prepared for the task at hand . " Salman 's experience running Riyadh also involved keeping many of the numerous members of the Saudi royal family in line . "  Since most of the royal princes and princesses live in Riyadh , he was also the family sheriff , ensuring any transgressions were dealt with smoothly and quietly , with no publicity , " said Riedel , who worked for the CIA for 30 years . His national roles have since brought him wider responsibility . Salman "  has been chairing cabinet meetings for several months and handling almost all foreign travel responsibilities for the monarchy since he became the heir in 2012 , " Riedel said . Salman 's ascension to the throne is in line with the appointments put in place by Abdullah before his death . "  I think that you 'll see a continuation -- very similar policies , very similar dynamics unfolding , " said James Zogby , president of the Arab American Institute . "  The kingdom is modernizing ; it 's changing , it 's reforming and it will continue to do so over the next several decades . " Riedel says the royal family "  values family collegiality and harmony highly . " "  The two previous Saudi kingdoms in the 18th and 19th centuries were wracked by internal family squabbles , which their foreign enemies exploited , " he explains . "  With the Arab world facing its worst crisis in decades , the royals will want to present an image of stability and strength . " Salman 's first order after assuming the throne was to appoint his youngest brother , Prince Muqrin , as the new crown prince . Analysts see that appointment as an effort to ensure future stability . Abdullah had named Muqrin as deputy crown prince in March . At 69 years old , Muqrin is relatively youthful . A former head of intelligence for the kingdom , he is also reportedly well-liked by world leaders . Muqrin "  has been closely linked to Abdullah and his policies of modernization and reform , " according to Cordesman . But the succession plan is n't without its critics . Muqrin 's mother does not have royal blood , which is a sticking point for some people in Saudi Arabia . Several of Salman 's sons also hold prominent positions . They include Prince Sultan , who in the 1980s became the first Muslim astronaut and is now the president of Saudi Arabia 's tourism authority ; Prince Abdulaziz , the deputy oil minister ; and Prince Faisal , the governor of the Medina region . Another son , Prince Khaled , was reportedly among the pilots who carried out the first airstrikes on ISIS positions in Syria last year . Details about Salman 's earlier life and upbringing were n't immediately available Friday . But an official biography contained one nugget about his youth : he had apparently memorized the Quran by the age of 10 , it said . King Abdullah 's legacy : 5 things to know CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Salman is "  viewed as a pragmatic and cautious reformer , " CNN 's Becky Anderson says He ran the Saudi capital for nearly five decades as its population grew significantly
When police found the unconscious man in a Southern California Motel 6 , the IDs on him said he was Michael Thomas Boatwright from Florida . But when the man awoke at Desert Regional Medical Center a few days later , he said he 'd never heard of Boatwright . He did n't recall serving in the U.S. Navy . Or of being born in Florida . When doctors told him he had five tennis rackets in his hotel room , he could n't say why . When they showed him photos of himself with others , he did n't recognize them , or himself . And he did n't speak a word of English . The man said his name was Johan Ek . And he said it in Swedish . That was back in February . Today , the 61-year-old man says he has come to terms with the name "  Michael Boatwright , " but only because doctors told him he should . He still feels like Johan Ek from Sweden . And he ca n't explain why . The case was first reported by the Desert Sun . Car crash leaves Australian woman with French accent Digging in the past Before she became a social worker at Desert Regional Medical Center , Lisa Hunt-Vasquez was an archeologist . Those digging skills came in handy the day she met Johan Ek/Michael Boatwright . Her mission : Help Boatwright figure out who he is . She first contacted the military . Among the IDs police discovered on him was one from the Department of Veterans Affairs . He 'd served from 1971 to 1973 in the Navy as an aviation mechanic . Hunt-Vasquez dug deeper . The Asia connection She found a website for the TRP English school in China . Turns out Boatwright taught English there for four years , until May . In an essay he wrote for the site , he mentioned he worked as an English instructor in Japan for 10 years , and that he was married to a Japanese woman . They have a 12-year-old son together , he wrote . The leads looked promising . But there was one hitch . Photos found with Boatwright in the motel room showed a young man living in what looked like a European city , not Asia . Hunt-Vasquez kept searching . She came across several websites dedicated to graphic designs . Boatwright often used the screen name ` korstemplar ' and listed himself as a Swede living and teaching in China . The pieces were falling into place . A roadblock He had lived in Japan , married , became a father . He then moved to China . The school in China told her he was divorced . He lived there until May , when his visa expired and he flew to California . But when she contacted the Japanese and Chinese consulates , neither had next-of-kin information for him , according to the Desert Sun . Staffers called all the numbers on the phone Boatwright had with him . They either went to voice mail or no one picked up , the newspaper said . She had hit a dead end . His life so far Everything Boatwright knows about his life before February 28 he knows because his social worker told him or because he read it on websites . He told CNN he learned that in 1987 he operated a consulting company called Kultur Konsult Nykoping . That is somewhat of a Swedish connection . He does n't have any independent knowledge of his life before he woke up in the hospital . He does n't even know exactly what his consulting company did . Boatwright told CNN he 'd been a good tennis player , and the Tennis Channel had interviewed him years ago . Perhaps , he said , he 'd come to southern California for the tennis tournament season . That would certainly explain the five rackets in his hotel room . A ` fugue state ' According to the Desert Sun , Boatwright is in a "  fugue state . " People in this condition lose their sense of personal identity , according to the Cleveland Clinic . They become confused about past events and often wander far from home . Fugue states , such as dissociative fugue , are often triggered by trauma , such as the death of a loved one or a serious accident , according to Dr. Aaron Anderson , a neurologist at Emory University School of Medicine . Patients sometimes assume different personalities , Anderson added . The relatively rare disorder often goes away on its own , but it can take several months . What the future holds Now that Boatwright 's story has spread to the Swedish media , several Swedes have come forth to say they knew him in the 1980s . Late Monday night , the Desert Sun reported it found Boatwright 's sister in Louisiana . "  I have n't talked to him in years . He just disappeared , " Michelle Brewer told the paper . Learning about his life has n't helped him much psychologically . He still feels isolated in the hospital , so Hunt-Vasquez encouraged him to reach out to members of the local Swedish-American community . "  They said he was getting depressed because he was n't able to communicate , " said Linda Kosvic , chairman of the Vasa Order of America chapter in San Jacinto , California . "  We 've been trying to provide him support and make him feel more comfortable . " Members visit him in the hospital , bringing him Swedish foods . The hospital would like to discharge Boatwright , but they have no place to send him , said Richard Ramhoff , a spokesman for Desert Regional Medical Center . They ca n't send him home until they know where home is .	The man does n't recognize himself He does n't speak English A social worker tries to help him figure out his past Doctors say he is in a ` fugue state '
CNN  -- The daughters came in tights , frilly dresses and patent leather shoes . The dads wore suits and ties . It could have been a scene at almost any school 's father-daughter dance . But it was n't . The fathers at this social event were all inmates in a federal prison , serving time for a variety of offenses . And the dance was designed to motivate them to do better by their families once they get out . "  There is Still Time at the Ball " was the theme of this inaugural dance for prisoners -- all nonviolent offenders -- and their daughters at the Federal Detention Center in Miami , Florida . "  You are a key to the success of your father , " Federal Bureau of Prisons Director Charles E. Samuels , Jr. told the daughters , according to a bureau press statement which said "  connections to families and children are critical aspects " of inmates ' reentry into society . Samuels encouraged the fathers to take an active part in the lives of their daughters , even if seems difficult from behind bars . He urged the men to stay engaged with their children while in prison and use the facility 's self-improvement programs to learn skills and become productive members of the community when they are released .	A Miami federal prison holds its first-ever daddy-daughter dance Offenders and their daughters dressed up for the event Officials hope the dance will help inspire inmates to do better upon release
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- One of two academics attacked in Iran on Monday was a scientist involved in nuclear or ballistic missile activities , Iranian news agencies and the United Nations reported . In separate but similar attacks , assailants on motorcycles attached bombs to cars carrying two professors at Shahid Beheshti University in Tehran , the semi-official Fars news agency of Iran reported . One of them , Fereydoun Abbasi , was injured along with his wife , Iranian news outlets said . Both were in "  good condition , " a Tehran security chief said . A United Nations resolution cited Abbasi as a "  nuclear scientist , " the state-run Press TV said . That suggests that the "  perpetrators behind the assassination could be traced through those who included the professor 's name in the UN resolution , " Press TV said . The resolution , from March 2007 , identifies Abbasi as one of several people "  involved in nuclear or ballistic missile activities " in Iran . It does not call him a "  nuclear scientist " but describes him as a scientist for the Senior Ministry of Defense and Armed Forces Logistics who has links to the Institute of Applied Physics . The European Union froze Abbasi 's assets last month as it imposed additional sanctions on Iran . The United Nations resolution says Abbasi has worked closely with another scientist , Mohsen Fakhrizadeh-Mahabadi , who led the Physics Research Center in Iran . The International Atomic Energy Agency has sought to interview Fakhrizadeh-Mahabadi , but Iran has declined to allow that , the resolution says . A second explosion killed Majid Shahriyari , also a professor at Shahid Beheshti University in the Iranian capital , state-run Press TV reported . His wife and driver were injured . His area of research was not immediately reported . A separate bomb attack in Tehran in January killed "  an Iranian university professor and nuclear scientist " identified as Massoud Ali Mohammadi , the semi-official Fars news agency said . Both of the professors targeted on Monday were members of the Basij , Iran 's volunteer paramilitary group , the news agency said . Iran blamed the attack on the United States and Israel , a common practice in previous attacks on officials affiliated with Tehran 's government . There have been no arrests , and no one claimed responsibility for the attacks , Tehran security commander Maj. Gen Hossein Sajedinia said , according to the semi-official Mehr news agency . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	NEW : EU recently imposed sanctions on one of two academics attacked in Iran The wounded professor was cited in a UN resolution as a nuclear scientist A nuclear scientist was killed in Iran in January Professors targeted Monday were members of volunteer paramilitary
CNN  -- Football fans traveling to Ukraine for this summer 's European Championships have been warned they will face a "  criminal " police force mired in so many abuse scandals that their behavior threatens to ruin the showpiece tournament . The Amnesty International report "  Ukraine : Euro 2012 jeopardised by criminal police force " details how Ukraine 's security forces have been implicated in numerous cases of torture and extortion in cities due to host matches . According to the report , one recent case in the western city of Lviv -- where Germany , Portugal and Denmark will play -- details how two men were beaten , robbed and then imprisoned by six police officers after a disagreement in a bar . Prosecutors originally refused to open a criminal case until CCTV footage emerged of the incident after one of the men 's lawyers gave an interview to a local TV station . "  The Ukrainian government must take action now to stop widespread police criminality , " said John Dalhuisen , Amnesty International 's director for Europe and Central Asia . "  Failure to do so will encourage them to continue acting as a law unto themselves and put Euro 2012 fans in danger from a force that is out of control . " Tens of thousands of fans from across Europe are expected to arrive in Ukraine next month when the tournament -- which is being co-hosted with neighboring Poland -- begins on June 8 . Despite huge investment in the country 's transport infrastructure , Ukraine has struggled in the run up to the tournament . Stadium delays had initially put the country 's hosting of the tournament in jeopardy but now new problems have emerged . Hotel prices during the tournament have risen so sharply due to profiteering that Michel Platini , head of European football 's governing body UEFA , was unusually critical when visiting Ukraine last month for the opening of a new airport terminal . "  It 's annoying to have made a lot of investment and then say to people that they ca n't come because there are bandits and crooks who want to make a lot of money during this Euro , " he told the assembled press in Lviv . Security concerns were raised when multiple bombs exploded in the city of Dnipropetrovsk , close to Donetsk where England will be playing some of their matches . More than 20 people were injured in the blasts . The authorities have so far blamed criminal gangs rather than terrorists for the attack . And the tournament received more bad publicity when several European leaders suggested they might boycott the event in protest at the treatment of former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko . Tymoshenko , the face of the Orange Revolution that swept Ukraine in 2004 and 2005 , has been in prison since last year on charges that she abused her powers while in office . Her supporters believe the charges are politically motivated . The current Ukrainian president is Viktor Yanukovych who lost power during the Orange Revolution . Tymoshenko would have been a potent foe in next October 's parliamentary elections . The government deny that there is any political motivation in her jailing but the former prime minister has alleged that she has been beaten whilst in prison and has gone on hunger strike to secure what she says is urgent medical care . Herman Van Rompuy , president of the European Union , Jose Manuel Barroso , president of the European Commission , and the governments of Austria and Belgium have all said they will not be attending any matches in Ukraine in protest .	Amnesty International label Ukrainian police ` criminal ' ahead of Euro 2012 Say that ` out of control ' police could jeopardize the tournament Security concerns raised after multiple bomb attacks near host city European leaders boycotting matches over treatment of former Ukrainian PM
CNN  -- A leading tennis player believes he has been "  treated like a criminal " after being hit with an 18-month ban for flouting doping regulations and plans to take his case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport . World No. 53 Viktor Troicki was suspended by the International Tennis Federation  ITF  Thursday after being found guilty of failing to provide a blood sample in a drugs test during April 's Monte Carlo Masters . But Serbian Troicki has rejected the charge , alleging the doctor conducting the blood test allowed him to miss the procedure and says he will now appeal the decision . "  The doctor in charge of the testing told me that I looked very pale and ill and that I could skip the test if I wrote an explanation letter to the ITF about it , " he said in a statement . "  She dictated the letter to me and let me go without giving blood . She was very helpful and understanding . "  Now I 'm being charged for refusing to undergo a blood test without justification . This is a real nightmare . "  I put my trust in the Court of Arbitration for Sport in Lausanne , I really hope they will look for the truth and find it . " The 27-year-old Troicki confirmed that he underwent a test the following day by the same doping control officer with the result coming back negative . He also revealed that he had never previously missed a test and had undergone several blood and urine examinations during his career . But the ITF has taken a different stance on the story , insisting that the doping control officer had told Troicki that "  she could not advise him as to whether his reason for not providing a blood sample was valid , and that no such assurances were given by her . " "  I feel like I 'm being treated like a criminal , " added Troicki as he contemplated the 18-month ban . "  I have a fear of the needle and I always have trouble drawing blood . But I always did . I am clean and will always be clean throughout my career . "  I just had the wrong doctor , who did n't tell me at all that I was risking anything . She showed me a letter of the ITF saying she is in charge of the decisions and I trusted her completely . "  I wish I had recorded the discussion , there would never have been a case if I had . "  This enormous sanction makes me speechless . It feels like the world that I help building day-by-day has let me down . It is the worst feeling you can imagine . " Troicki reached a career high of 12 in 2011 and has won $ 4.5 million in prize money during his career . He is the third tennis player to be hit with a ban for drug violations in 2013 . In May , Brazil 's Fernando Romboli was handed an eight-and-a half-month ban after testing positive for diuretics , furosemide and hydrochlorothiazide . In February , Barbora Zahlavova Strycova of the Czech Republic was banned for six months after testing positive for sibutramine , a substance which is often found in weight-loss products . In March , the ITF confirmed it would introduce biological passports to tackle drug cheats . Each player will have an individual electronic biological profile and be tested more regularly to monitor their levels and alert the authorities to possible drug use . The scheme was welcomed by the world 's top players with Roger Federer telling CNN that it was "  naive " to think tennis was free of players who use drugs to enhance their performance . But Troicki believes he was simply misled and insists he has no problem with the current drug regulations . "  The doping rules are strict and they must remain strict . But this was a clear mistake from the on-site doping control officer who was also a doctor and the person in charge to decide , " added the Serbian . "  She let me go and reassured me . In my opinion , once she found out that she did n't follow procedures she turned her back on me . "  I am destroyed and exhausted . The whole period I have been thinking about this issue and it 's not over , so I ca n't really describe it . "  I am not even angry with the doctor . I believe that maybe she was told her organization that she made a big mistake letting me go . She backed up and tried to save her job . "  I am a fighter and I will try to fight together with my team and my lawyers but I am quite destroyed now . I hope this nightmare will come to a good end . I really want to continue playing . I do n't deserve this . "	Viktor Troicki hits back after being suspended for missing a drugs test Serbian star given 18-month ban by International Tennis Federation Troicki insists he was given permission to skip drugs test The 27-year-old will appeal against the decision at Court of Arbitration for Sport .
In August , al Qaeda 's propaganda arm released a video starring the German rapper Deso Dogg . Wearing combat fatigues and standing next to a waterfall in Syria , Deso Dogg raps in German calling on others to join the jihad and "  to make an effort for Paradise . " Deso Dogg , whose real name is Denis Cuspert , is one of several dozen German citizens who have fought in Syria . Their move to Syria marks an important shift in the focus of global jihadists . Videos by German militants training with groups associated with al Qaeda during 2009 and 2010 were invariably taped in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border region . That region now is largely shunned by foreign militants partly because of effective CIA drones strikes and partly because Syria is now the destination choice for jihadists from around the world . Deso Dogg is one of the many thousands of foreign fighters who have been drawn to the jihad in Syria against the regime of Bashar al-Assad over the past three years . This group includes an estimated 800 to 900 from Europe , mostly from Germany , the United Kingdom , France , the Netherlands and Belgium . A handful of Americans have also fought in Syria . The concern , of course , is that these militants will swap business cards and will acquire arms training and bomb-making skills and will return to Western countries and carry out acts of terrorism . This is what happened after the war in Afghanistan during the 1980s . Arab veterans of those wars formed the heart of al Qaeda and affiliated groups . Osama bin Laden fought in the Afghan War against the Soviets and then founded al Qaeda , which subsequently , of course , launched the 9/11 attacks . The failure to pay adequate attention to the so-called "  Afghan Arabs " such as bin Laden proved an expensive one for the United Sates and her allies . Could Syria be a new Afghanistan ? Maybe . Last month , for instance , British authorities arrested militants who were allegedly planning a terrorist attack . Two British officials who work on counterterrorism issues told us that that the militants had traveled to Syria . The 37-year-old Deso Dogg was born in Berlin . His mother is German and his father from the West African nation of Ghana . As a teenager , he became politicized during the first Gulf War , joining anti-American demonstrations in Berlin . "  We marched , shouted and burned the American flag , " Cuspert recalled . Cuspert joined Berlin street gangs and became a popular artist in the German gangsta-rap scene , known by his nom de rap "  Deso Dogg " and touring with other rappers such as DMX . After surviving a car accident , he started questioning his lifestyle and turned to Islam for answers . In 2010 , he ended his career as a rapper . Deso Dogg changed his name again to "  Abu Talha al-Almani " and his rap songs became nasheeds , Islamic devotional songs . Cuspert 's nasheeds were posted on jihadist websites and became popular among al Qaeda supporters . The ex-rapper went on to become one of the key figures in the militant Millatu-Ibrahim group in Germany . The group was banned by the German government last year and several of its members , including Cuspert , moved to Egypt to avoid possible arrest by German authorities . Cuspert 's whereabouts remained unclear for many months until the video was released in August showing him to be in Syria and rapping about the duty to "  go into battle . " Some 6,000 to 10,000 foreign fighters from more than 80 countries are believed to have traveled to Syria since the beginning of the conflict to join the rebels who aim to topple al-Assad 's regime . Close to 800 of those foreigners are from Saudi Arabia . Tunisia and Libya are the next highest contributors , according to residents and analysts , but Chechnya , Kuwait , Jordan , Iraq and the United Arab Emirates have also seen citizens join the rebel forces in Syria . Not all of these fighters have joined al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria , but it is likely that many of them have done so because they are generally Sunni militants who are drawn to the conflict for religious reasons . Canadian news reports estimate the number of Canadian citizens fighting in Syria range from a few dozen to as many as 100 . An American filmmaker , Bilal Abdul Kareen , who lived with an Islamist group in Syria for a year said he met with 20 to 30 Canadians . Experts say the number of Americans fighting in Syria is likely less than 10 . Eric Harroun , a former U.S. solider , was charged this year with conspiring to use a rocket-propelled grenade in Syria , and he admitted to fighting with the al Qaeda affiliate group , al-Nusra . Nicole Mansfield of Flint , Michigan , was killed in May by Syrian government forces who claimed she was fighting with an al Qaeda linked insurgent group . How to prevent the foreign fighters in Syria fomenting acts of terrorism around the world ? The United States and its allies should make a careful effort to find out the identities of the foreign fighters who have joined the jihadist groups fighting in Syria . And the U.S. should make clear to countries such as Saudi Arabia , which is supplying hundreds of Saudi fighters in Syria , that encouraging this kind of militancy could create a "  blowback " problem in the Middle East in the form of terrorism directed at Arab regimes . As for the former Deso Dogg , in September a jihadi forum released a statement saying that the German ex-rapper had been wounded by an air strike in Syria .	Germany 's Deso Dogg converted to Islam , taped propaganda for al Qaeda Peter Bergen : Jihadists have shifted focus from Afghanistan-Pakistan to Syria He says the influx of foreign fighters into Syria worries terrorism experts Bergen : It 's feared they could learn terror techniques they will take home and use
CNN  A gunman walked into a building on the campus of Wayne Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina , on Monday and shot the school 's print shop operator , killing him , authorities said . The school was placed on lockdown , and the gunman remains at large . All buildings have been cleared , Maj. Tom Effler of the Wayne County Sheriff 's Office said . "  This is not a random situation . It is an isolated situation , " he said . The victim , Ron Lane , was a longtime employee . The suspected gunman , identified by law enforcement as 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , worked at one time for the victim and is a former student at the school . The Goldsboro Police Department described Stancil as "  armed and dangerous . " "  This is indeed a sad day for Wayne Community College and this close family and community , " school President Kay Albertson said . "  Our hearts are heavy at the loss of an employee -- a valued employee -- and we will soon be reaching out to the family . " She praised the "  rapid response from the city , the county , the state and the federal first responders , " who are "  working diligently to apprehend the suspect . " The shooting took place on the third floor of a campus building . Despite earlier reports , the victim was not killed inside the library , Albertson said . While authorities were clearing out rooms , they deployed tear gas into a restroom someone was in , Effler said . The person inside turned out not to be the suspect . Figures from fall 2013 show the two-year school with a student population of 3,837 , according to the National Center for Education Statistics , with slightly more than half the students part-time . Crime statistics from the center 's website show no killings , assaults , robberies or motor vehicle thefts between 2011 and 2013 . There were three arrests for illegal weapons possession in 2012 and three in 2013 .	School print shop operator Ron Lane was killed , college president says The man believed to be the gunman is identified as former student Kenneth Stancil The two knew each other , authorities say
