CNN  -- News that debris was found after an Indonesia AirAsia flight went missing over the weekend marked the third major incident involving Southeast Asian airlines this year . In March , Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 went missing after it mysteriously deviated from its scheduled flight path from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing . The plane is believed to have been lost over the southern Indian Ocean near Australia , yet no wreckage has been found . Then , in July , Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 was shot down over eastern Ukraine -- possibly by pro-Russian separatists , although Russia suggested that Ukraine was in some way responsible . So , are passengers traveling in Southeast Asia rattled ? The latest incident has certainly fanned concern that travelers might lose confidence in regional airlines altogether , particularly Malaysian carriers . Yet although Flight QZ8501 was an AirAsia flight , it was operated by Indonesia AirAsia , which is not a Malaysian airline and is instead majority-owned by Indonesian interests .  The AirAsia group has similar minority holdings in subsidiaries in Thailand , the Philippines , India , and , soon , Japan , although these subsidiary airlines use the AirAsia brand  . Yet while travelers will likely be somewhat unsettled by this year 's developments , AirAsia will probably weather this difficult period . After all , the group pioneered the low-cost model in Asia , and has built a strong reputation for affordable and safe flying . Until the QZ8501 incident , more than 200 million passengers had flown on the AirAsia network , including its long-haul arm AirAsia X , with no plane having been lost . Led by its formidable founder and CEO Tony Fernandes , the airline has built a reputation as the champion of the average passenger in the face of more expensive full-service carriers . Missing planes and air disasters : How bad was 2014 ? In the process , the airline has won the loyalty and gratitude of millions of working-class Asians for whom flying has become an affordable reality . It is therefore unlikely that recent unfortunate incidents will be able to change this . What about rivals swooping in to pick up the business ? The reality is that there is no pan-Asian low-cost competitor with operations on the scale of AirAsia 's . Indeed , because of restrictions in most countries in the region that prohibit foreigners from holding majority stakes in local airlines , AirAsia has had to improvise by establishing minority-owned subsidiaries all over Asia . And , although these are technically separate airlines , their common branding and Internet booking platform ensures that there is only one AirAsia in most passengers ' minds . That said , the way AirAsia manages the crisis will also be critical in determining its future . So far , the consensus seems to be that Fernandes is faring pretty well by being open , forthright and consistent with the families and media . However , much will ultimately depend on what actually happened to Flight QZ8501 . If it is determined to have been a weather-related accident , as has been widely suggested , the traveling public is likely to see this as a one-off event that can eventually be overlooked . It will only be if the airline itself is found to be somehow at fault -- or perhaps if the cause of the incident remains unexplained -- that there may be some lingering concerns among passengers . All this said , air transport is undergoing phenomenal growth in Asia , with the region poised to overtake North America as the world 's largest and most dynamic aviation market . This suggests that the three , likely unrelated , incidents this year should not warrant sweeping generalizations or suggestions that airlines in the region have somehow become less safe than airlines elsewhere . Of course , such incidents should still serve to remind airlines and governments everywhere that safety is of paramount importance , and that the explosive growth of air travel must also be accompanied by stringent safety and security standards . But for now , passengers in Southeast Asia are savvy enough to understand the difference between a trend and tragic but isolated accidents .	Alan Khee-Jin Tan : Flight QZ8501 stirs fears passengers might lose confidence But he says low-cost pioneer AirAsia will probably weather this difficult period Airline has won the loyalty and gratitude of millions of working-class Asians , he says
Washington  CNN  -- Cell phones and pagers , airplane engines , a door from a police squad car , a mother 's wallet and credit cards . Those items survived when terrorists flew two planes into the World Trade Center towers in New York City during the September 11 attacks . The Newseum in Washington , D.C. , is expanding its FBI exhibit with a new display of artifacts from 9/11 and other terrorist plots that have never been on display to the public before . "  War on Terror : The FBI 's New Focus " will open Friday in plenty of time for the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks . The Newseum selected 60 pieces of evidence the FBI had in storage for use in terror trials , including huge pieces of an airplane that survived ramming into the World Trade Center towers . "  I think the most powerful pieces here are the most personal , " said Cathy Trost , director of exhibit development at the Newseum . "  The things that people put in their pockets that morning not knowing that this was going to be a day that changed their lives forever . " Perhaps the most heart-wrenching items on display belonged to Ruth McCourt of New London , Connecticut . McCourt was taking her 4-year-old daughter , Juliana , to visit Disneyland . They were aboard United Flight 175 , which was the second plane to hit the World Trade Center . McCourt 's wallet was found in the debris , battered but still intact . It 's on display along with three credit cards . A picture of McCourt and Juliana at the beach is also shown . "  A lot of family members want to make sure there are public displays because they do n't want people to forget what they lost that day , " said Susan Bennett , a Newseum senior vice president . A sampling of the many cell phones and pagers are part of the exhibit . "  It 's so sad because the families , the colleagues of the people who were in the World Trade Center did n't give up , " Bennett said . "  They kept trying to call , and call , and call again with just a glimmer of hope that somehow perhaps the people were still buried underneath the rubble or had perhaps been taken to a hospital . It was very emotional for the rescue workers because they could hear the cell phones ringing . " Pictures of the 19 hijackers are also on display along with some of their passports . A seating plan for one of the flights shows where leader Mohamed Atta and his co-conspirators were sitting , and a letter all the hijackers left behind is included . The five-page martyrdom message was written in Arabic . A translation of the first page is shown and begins with the chilling words : "  The Last Night : 1  Embrace the will to die and renew allegiance . " Trost said Newseum staff interviewed dozens of FBI agents , journalists and experts on the 9/11 attacks to provide a full picture of what happened that day and the FBI investigation that followed . "  The story was not only the investigation , but also how it changed the FBI forever , " Trost said . "  The big priority after 9/11 was stop the next attack . " Dan McCarron , a FBI public affairs person who worked with the Newseum on the project , agrees . "  There 's a theme in the stories of how the FBI 's changed . We 're more of a national security organization , threat-based intelligence , " he said . "  And we want to prevent . And the way you prevent is you got to predict . So now that is our mindset . " A key terror plot also shown involves British citizen Richard Reid , known as the shoe bomber . Reid got on board a flight from Paris headed to Miami just days before Christmas in 2001 . He was discovered trying to ignite his hiking shoe , containing explosives that government investigators said could have brought down the plane . Flight crew members and fellow passengers tackled and restrained a struggling Reid . Tourists will be able to see his shoes , the clothes he was wearing , the matches he used and the remains of drugs used to sedate him after he was caught . People will also be able to see several heavy leather belts passengers and crew members used to fashion restraints for the powerfully built , 6-foot , 4-inch Reid . McCarron pointed to the Reid case as something that showed al Qaeda was able to change tactics by using a single operative with a bomb instead of teams , which were used in the 9/11 attacks . And the U.S. had to react to Reid 's mode of attack to prevent another . "  The impact of that case is now in airports , " McCarron said . "  Everyone takes their shoes off . "	Newseum expands its FBI exhibit to show fight against terror Pieces of one plane , family photos , cell phones on display Info on the shoe bomber plot included
CNN  Pop star Taylor Swift , who has built an intense bond with her fans by sharing personal details of her life , revealed some sobering news Thursday : Her mother has cancer . The singer did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer , saying "  I 'd like to keep the details of her condition and treatment plans private . " Andrea Swift , 57 , who years ago quit her job as a mutual fund marketing executive to raise Swift and Swift 's younger brother , Austin , has joined her famous daughter on tour and in several of her videos . In a post on Tumblr , the blogging platform , Swift said that for Christmas last year , she asked her mom to get screened for potential health issues , "  just to ease some worries of mine . " Her mother felt "  perfectly fine " but went to the doctor for tests anyway "  just to get me and my brother off her case " about it . "  The results came in , and I 'm saddened to tell you that my mom has been diagnosed with cancer . I 'd like to keep the details of her condition and treatment plans private , but she wanted you to know , " Swift added . #PrayForMamaSwift was a trending hashtag Thursday on Twitter , where Swift 's legions of fans offered prayers and messages of support . Within an hour and a half , Swift 's tweet about her mom had been retweeted more than 21,000 times . Many fans shared "  there 's something in your eyes that says we can beat this , " a lyric from Swift 's 2008 song "  Change . " Swift also urged her fans to make sure their parents get screened for cancer and other potential health problems . "  She wanted you to know because your parents may be too busy juggling everything they 've got going on to go to the doctor , and maybe you reminding them to go get checked for cancer could possibly lead to an early diagnosis and an easier battle ... " she wrote . "  Or peace of mind in knowing that they 're healthy and there 's nothing to worry about . " Swift , 25 , added that "  usually when things happen to me , I process them and then write music about how I feel , and you hear it much later . This is something my family and I thought you should know about now . "  Thank you for caring about my family so much that she would want me to share this information with you . I hope and pray that you never get news like this . " Andrea Swift and Swift 's father , Scott Kingsley Swift , live in Nashville , Tennessee , in a mansion bought by their daughter in 2011 for $ 2.5 million .	Pop star Taylor Swift revealed Thursday that her mom has cancer The nature and severity of Andrea Swift 's cancer have not been divulged
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul said he is not opposed to Plan B , the emergency contraception commonly known as the morning-after pill . Paul , a likely Republican presidential candidate , sponsored an anti-abortion bill in 2013 that defines life as beginning at fertilization . Democrats say the so-called "  Personhood " measure would outlaw Plan B and other emergency contraceptives . Paul was asked about the matter during an appearance at the College of Charleston , one stop on a day-long college tour of South Carolina . "  If life starts at conception , should medicine that prevents conception like Plan B be legal ? , " a woman asked him during a question-and-answer session here . Rand Paul talks marriage , contraception in Iowa Paul at first gave a terse answer : "  I am not opposed to birth control , " he said . After a pause , Paul elaborated . "  That 's basically what Plan B is , " he said . "  Plan B is taking two birth control pills in the morning and two in the evening , and I am not opposed to that . " A number of prominent social conservatives have condemned the morning-after pill as on-demand abortion drugs , sometimes confusing the contraceptive with RU-486 , which can be used to induce abortion . Paul stood by his answer after the event , when asked about the exchange by reporters . "  Plan B is taking birth control , " he said . "  I am not against birth control and I do n't know many Republicans who would be indicating that they are against birth control . " Paul also visited the University of South Carolina in Columbia and also made a stop in Myrtle Beach to meet with local Republicans .	Rand Paul says he 's not opposed to Plan B , an emergency contraception pill Paul has previously introduced a bill that defines life at conception Some social conservatives consider Plan B an abortion drug
With two days to go before the Winter Olympics open in the Russian city of Sochi , more than half of Americans think a terrorist attack on the Games is likely , a poll shows . The results of the CNN/ORC poll come a day after U.S. officials said they had specific reasons to worry about security in Russia . Meanwhile , Russian state media reported Wednesday that the suspected mastermind of twin bomb attacks in the city of Volgograd was killed in a police operation in the restive North Caucasus republic of Dagestan . The man died in a shootout at a house in the town of Izberbash , the official Itar-Tass news agency said . The attacks on Volgograd 's public transit system in late December left 34 people dead and about 100 injured -- and sparked wide concern about security in Russia . Of those surveyed for the CNN/ORC poll , 57 % said a terrorist attack on the Sochi Games was likely . That compares with the 51 % who believed before the 1996 Summer Games started in Atlanta that a terrorist act would occur . Sadly , the latter prediction proved true . The survey of more than 1,000 Americans , carried out on Friday and Sunday , also revealed some wider negative views about Russia and its leader , President Vladimir Putin . It found that 54 % have an unfavorable view of Putin , making him one of the least popular foreign leaders among Americans . Currently , 55 % of those polled also have an unfavorable view of Russia -- representing a downward turn from 2011 , when more than half those surveyed viewed the country favorably . A controversial "  anti-gay propaganda " law passed by Russian lawmakers last summer may be a factor in that shift . Only 13 % of Americans think the United States should have a law similar to the one in Russia -- which makes it illegal to make positive comments about gays and lesbians within children 's earshot -- with 86 % opposed , the survey indicated . Supporters of gay rights group All Out are staging events Wednesday in 20 cities across 14 countries to call on Olympic sponsors to denounce Russia 's anti-gay laws . New York , London and St. Petersburg , Russia , are among the cities where demonstrators will gather . By contrast , a survey by Russia 's independent Levada Center found that 53 % of Russians think their country did "  the right thing " by bidding to hold the Sochi Olympics , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . But only about a third said Russia should seek to hold the Summer Games as well , compared with 43 % who disliked the idea , the survey indicated . Respondents highlighted concerns about opportunities for graft and corruption . Olympic torch reaches Sochi Concerns about security , human rights issues and the readiness of Sochi accommodations have dogged media coverage leading up to the Games . But for many Russians , the chance to hold the Olympics for only the second time on Russian soil is a source of great pride . The Olympic torch arrived in Sochi on Wednesday , the culmination of a 123-day relay that has seen it cover nearly 35,000 miles  56,000 kilometers  , held aloft by some 14,000 people . Along the way , it has been carried to the top of Europe 's tallest mountain , Mount Elbrus , and to the bottom of the world 's biggest freshwater lake , Lake Baikal in Siberia . Back in November , the torch was also taken on its first spacewalk , after blasting off for the International Space Station from Russia 's Baikonur cosmodrome . Two cosmonauts carried the torch -- unlit for safety reasons -- through the space station and outside in space . Having reached Sochi , it will be used to light the cauldron in the opening ceremony Friday evening . Then , Russian authorities hope , the focus should shift to the feats of sporting excellence performed by athletes from around the world . One U.S. medal hopeful , two-time Olympic gold medalist Shaun White , has announced he is withdrawing from the slopestyle competition , according to the official Sochi 2014 website . The champion snowboarder said he wants to focus on winning a gold medal in the halfpipe competition . Just over half of Americans say it is important to them that the United States wins more medals than any other country , according to the CNN/ORC poll . The Levada Center poll of Russians found that 57 % expect the host country to rank in the top three in the overall medal count , RIA Novosti said . Specific threats Russia has worked hard to reassure the athletes , officials and spectators converging on Sochi that they will be kept safe . A "  ring of steel " has been in place around the Black Sea resort city for almost a month . Russian security forces have also cracked down on suspected militants in Dagestan and elsewhere in recent weeks , after the December bombings in Volgograd . But not everyone is convinced . Speaking at a House Intelligence Committee hearing Tuesday , Matthew Olsen , director of the National Counterterrorism Center , highlighted concern about the Games and whether Muslim fundamentalists in disputed regions of Russia -- or other groups -- could launch deadly attacks on selected targets . "  There are a number of specific threats of varying degrees of credibility that we 're tracking , " he said . "  And we 're working very closely with the Russians and with other partners to monitor any threats we see and to disrupt those . " Officials in Austria said Tuesday that two female members of its Winter Olympics team had received a threat . Greater danger outside Sochi ? Olsen said the primary threat came from the Caucasus Emirate , or Imarat Kavkaz , which he described as probably the most prominent terror group in Russia . "  It 's made its intent clear to seek to carry out attacks in the runup to the Games , " he said . "  We think the greater danger from a terrorist perspective is in potential for attacks to occur outside of the actual venues for the Games themselves , in the area surrounding Sochi or outside of Sochi in the region . " U.S. President Barack Obama was briefed Tuesday on U.S. efforts to support security in Sochi . "  He was assured by his team that they are taking all appropriate steps regarding the safety of Americans . He directed them to continue to work closely with the Russian government and other partners toward a secure and successful Sochi Games , and to review carefully and act on any new information that might affect the security of the Games , " a White House statement said .	The Olympic torch arrives in Sochi after a nearly 35,000-mile journey Suspected mastermind of twin bombings in Volgograd is killed , Russian state media report 57 % of Americans think a terror attack on the Sochi Games is likely , a CNN/ORC poll reveals Champion U.S. snowboarder Shaun White withdraws from a Sochi event
CNN  -- A one-of-a-kind bicycle belonging to U.S. cycling legend Lance Armstrong was stolen from a team truck in California just hours after he rode it Saturday on the first day of a nine-day race . Lance Armstrong is racing in the California Amgen Tour as he attempts a comeback after retiring in 2005 . Cancer survivor and seven-time Tour de France champion Armstrong is racing in the Amgen Tour of California this week as he continues his latest comeback after retiring from the sport in 2005 . Armstrong 's first comeback came in 1998 , two years after he was diagnosed with advanced testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain . Doctors gave him a less than 50 percent chance of survival . Armstrong announced the bike theft on his Twitter account Sunday morning and posted a photograph . "  There is only one like it in the world therefore hard to pawn it off . Reward being offered , " the Texan wrote before going out and finishing fifth in Sunday 's testing first stage won by Spain 's Francisco Mancebo . Swiss Olympic champion Fabian Cancellara , who started the day in the yellow jersey after winning Saturday 's time-trial prologue , pulled out midway through the stage feeling unwell . Armstrong improved from 10th to fifth overall , one minute five seconds adrift , with Astana teammate Levi Leipheimer , the two-time defending champion , in second place behind Mancebo . "  Holy hell . That was terrible , " commented Armstrong who had a puncture . "  Maybe one of the toughest days I 've had on a bike , purely based on the conditions . I 'm still freezing . " The bicycle that was stolen is not the one that Armstrong rides every day during the race . The stolen bike is used only for time trials , a race in which cyclists ride individually at staggered intervals over a set distance and try to get the best time . The thieves took four bikes from a truck Armstrong 's Astana team had parked behind a hotel in Sacramento . The other three bicycles belonged to team members Janez Brajkovic , Steve Morabito and Yaroslav Popovych , Astana said . Armstrong , 37 , won the Tour de France , considered the premiere bicycle race in the world , a record seven times from 1999-2005 . The 750-mile Amgen Tour of California ends Sunday . It is the second major race in which Armstrong has participated since announcing his comeback in September . He raced last month in the Tour Down Under in Australia , finishing 29th . Armstrong said he is aiming for another Tour de France victory this summer and was not expected to contend in the Australian race , which he used to gauge his fitness level after more than three years out of the saddle .	Lance Armstrong 's one-of-a-kind bicycle stolen from team truck in California Four bicycles stolen from truck Armstrong 's Astana team parked behind hotel Cancer survivor Armstrong is currently fifth overall in Amgen Tour of California Armstrong won the Tour de France a record seven times from 1999-2005
CNN  -- A man suspected in the killings of 11 women , whose remains were found in his Ohio home , is due in court Wednesday morning . Human remains were discovered at the Cleveland home of Anthony Sowell in October and November . Sowell , 50 , pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity in December . He could face the death penalty if convicted . A pre-trial hearing is scheduled for 9 a.m. in Cuyahoga County , according to court documents . Sowell faces 85 charges , including murder , rape and kidnapping . At least one victim was strangled by hand , and most of the others by ligature , authorities said . The remains of seven still had ligatures -- string , cord or wire -- wrapped around their necks . The skull of one woman was wrapped in a paper bag and stuffed into a bucket in the home 's basement . The grisly discoveries in Sowell 's home have led to the case being called a "  house of horrors . " Sowell served 15 years in prison for a 1989 attempted rape and was released in 2005 . He was required to register as a sex offender .	Anthony Sowell is suspected in the killings of 11 women in Cleveland , Ohio Sowell faces 85 charges , including murder , rape and kidnapping Sowell served 15 years in prison for a 1989 attempted rape and was released in 2005
CNN  -- When I have spare time , one of my favorite ways to be of little-to-no use to society is going on Wikipedia and harnessing the power of the "  Random Article " button . It 's basically magic . You click it and it pulls up just one entry from among tens of millions . And sometimes it even has facts ! Wikipedia 's unofficial motto : "  Sure ... what that guy wrote . " As the name implies , when you click for a random article , you never know what you 're going to get . It 's random . But it 's always the start of a fascinating ride down the giant time-wasting wiki wormhole where , as you click on more and more associated articles , an hour later you find you 've somehow gone from , say , learning about electromagnetic radiation to reading up on Guns N ' Roses . And then you eventually leave the wormhole because your brain has gone far too long without porn or cat videos . So , anyway , this week , for a little change of pace , instead of writing about a trending topic in social media , I 'm going to click the "  Random Article " button just once and write about the very first thing that pops up . No matter what it is . Because , you know , if it 's on Wikipedia , it matters . Sort of . OK , here we go . "  Give me a click , Vasily . One click only , please . " click And our topic is : Jiri Ondracek ! According to Wikipedia , Ondracek is a 24-year-old professional ice hockey player from Havirov , Czech Republic . Which is nowhere near Pittsburgh . I looked it up . You 're welcome . Now , if you 're not a hockey fan , please do n't turn away . I promise I wo n't make this all about sports . The whole point of exploring random articles is to see where the wormhole takes you on the Web , to learn about new things and hopefully not end up watching a Nickelback video on YouTube .  The horror . The horror . So let 's learn ! A quick visit to his team 's website does n't reveal anything overly interesting about Ondracek other than the fact that he 's a forward who 's 185 centimeters tall and weighs 82 kilograms . I 'm an American so , clearly , I have no idea what the hell that means . For all I know he 's 5 feet 3 inches and built like a Buick . Or as they call that on Internet dating sites : "  Curvy . " So , I used Google 's metric converter and learned that he 's actually about 6 feet tall and weighs roughly 180 pounds . Which sounds just about right for a real professional hockey player . By contrast , I played one season of club hockey my freshman year in college , but was 5 feet 9 inches and built like a malnourished fifth-grader . So I quit , took up sleeping in as my new club sport and decided to concentrate on pork rinds . I became : "  Curvy . " But back to Ondracek . His current team hails from the town of Zlin , which is in the southeastern part of the Czech Republic . It 's OK . You 're allowed to not know where it is . So do look at that map . And maybe even plan a visit . Zlin actually sounds rather interesting . In 2007 , New York Times writer William Shaw called Zlin "  an architectural gold mine " and mentioned that people used to joke about it being "  a piece of America , somehow misplaced here in the Czech Republic . " The architectural history of Zlin has roots in America , and dates back to the larger vision of a local shoemaker in the early 1900s . His name was Tomas Bata and , according to the article , he made several discovery trips to the United States , and even toured Ford factories to learn more about the intricacies of mass production . Bata came away from his visits to America with big ideas  and probably high cholesterol  , and set forth to not only mass-produce his shoes , but to also mass-produce buildings specifically designed to enhance the lives of his workers . Schools . Housing . Hospitals . Maybe even a Denny 's and a VD clinic . Just the basics . But Bata wanted to do it in style . So , the article says , he enlisted the help of some of Europe 's most radical architects . "  Tell me , Sven . What do you envision for the hospital ? " "  No walls . Just fresh air . And we 'll surround the exterior with open flames to symbolize the warmth of healing . " "  Right . How about just a fancy door . " Eventually , Bata 's dream fizzled , but most of the buildings made it through the great wars and are still intact today . Thus , the "  architectural gold mine . " Though , if you 're Ondracek , Zlin is probably just some place where you now play hockey . Nothing more . And that brings us right back where we started . The "  Random Article " button . We began with a relatively unknown Czech hockey player and ended up learning about how an enterprising shoemaker influenced the architecture of an entire city -- just a short example of the wiki wormhole . And the best part : No Nickelback ! Warning ! Do not click this .	"  Apparently This Matters " is CNN Tech 's weekly skewed look at social media This week , Jarrett Bellini dives down the wormhole of Wikipedia 's "  Random Article " tool Czech hockey player Jiri Ondracek was the random page What followed ? Czech history , metric equations and , gladly , no Nickelback
CNN  -- What on Earth would drive a man to swim in Arctic waters wearing nothing but Speedos , goggles and a cap ? Lewis Pugh braves the icy water off the arctic archipelogo of Svalbard . For Lewis Pugh , it was a love of the environment and a passionate desire to save the Arctic from global warming . His 1 km swim  0.62 of a mile  in 2007 made him the first person to complete a long-distance swim at the North Pole -- the purpose , to highlight the fact that it was possible to swim for a kilometer in a place that should be solid ice . Pugh , now aged 39 , is a former maritime lawyer who abandoned his practice six years ago to become a full-time environmentalist and adventurer . Since then he has become the first person to complete long-distance swims in all five of the world 's oceans and has become the world 's leading cold water swimmer . Born in England and brought up in South Africa , Pugh sees himself in the mould of pioneering British adventurers like Sir Edmund Hillary , fearlessly braving waters no one else would dare swim . But rather than just aiming for a place in the history books , his motivation is to publicize the environmental damage he has witnessed on his swims . In 2006 , to raise awareness about global warming and that year 's drought in England , Pugh swam the entire length of the River Thames -- all except the first 26 miles , which had already dried up . He took a break from the 200-mile journey to call in at No. 10 Downing Street , where he discussed climate change with Tony Blair . The next year , Pugh became the first person to swim the 87 mile-width of the Maldives . The 10-day swim was Pugh 's way of raising awareness of how climate change is threatening to submerge low-lying islands . But he is best known for his North Pole adventure . His Arctic swim lasted 19 minutes in temperatures of around minus 2 degrees Celsius . Were any normal person to fall into waters that cold they would be in serious trouble . Pugh 's long-time coach Professor Tim Noakes told CNN , "  People usually drown very quickly on exposure to cold water because they start to hyperventilate and when you hyperventilate you ca n't coordinate . They inhale water and they ca n't coordinate their swimming . Most people ca n't even go 20 meters if they are exposed to ice-cold water . " But Pugh has developed a unique mechanism for overcoming freezing conditions . He is apparently able to increase his body temperature by will power alone . In a process that Noakes has dubbed "  anticipatory thermogenesis " , Pugh can raise his body temperature to a feverish 38.4 C , some 1.5 degrees above normal body temperature . Noakes first noted this extraordinary ability during a training session . Before entering the water , Pugh cast his mind back to a traumatic parachuting accident he witnessed when he was a soldier in the British army , reliving the event in detail . Noakes recorded an increase in Pugh 's body temperature and over the next fortnight , as Pugh was exposed to more cold-water swims , he was able to increase his temperature even further , peaking at 38.4 C . These days , before Pugh braves sub-zero waters he listens to U.S.rapper Eminem , gets himself into an aggressive state of mind and drives up his internal temperature . Once he hits the water , it 's all about mental strength . Noakes told CNN "  The moment you dive into cold water your temperature drops and the brain sends a message to get out of the water . The first thing Pugh has to do is control that response . What happens is that I become his brain , so he says ` fine , as long as Dr Noakes allows me to swim , it 's safe and I must just ignore what my brain is telling me . ' " Achieving that level of willpower does n't come easily . While Pugh does an hour of cold-water swimming a day , he devotes four hours a day to mind training . His technique is to visualize his swim from beginning to end . "  I can taste salt water in my mouth . I can hear the sounds of the engines , of Tim Noakes screaming at me . I can feel ice burning my skin , I can smell the sea air . I absolutely live that moment . I have swum the North Pole hundreds of times in my mind , " he told CNN . If the Arctic swim was intended to highlight shrinking polar ice caps , Pugh acknowledges that there 's still plenty of work to do on that front and he now speaks on environmental issues all over the world . In 2008 Pugh founded the Polar Defense Project with the aim of protecting the Arctic and of encouraging world leaders to take action to stop climate change . As well the risk of polar melting , Pugh sees an Arctic treaty as essential to prevent the exploitation of the North Pole for oil and gas . As Pugh put it after completing his Arctic swim , "  I 'm relieved that it 's over . Now the real work begins . "	Lewis Pugh was the first man to complete a long-distance swim in the Arctic "  Most people ca n't go 20 meters in ice-cold water , " says his coach Pugh is able to increase his body temperature using will power alone His extreme swims are intended to publicize the effects of global warming
CNN  -- American billionaire tycoon Donald Trump could never be accused of underselling himself and his myriad of business projects so it came as no surprise when he said wanted to build the "  world 's best golf course " in Scotland . Trump is visiting the site at Menie , just north of Aberdeen , where he has been given permission to start the ambitious development , and CNN 's Living Golf has been granted exclusive access . Love him our loath him , Trump is certainly a man who courts strong opinions and now you can get the chance to put your questions about this project and other golf-related matters . It 's a simple process , just add your question to the bottom of this page . You may want to ask him about his love of the sport , he describes himself as an "  avid golfer " and on why he believes his signature course , one of two planned for the project , can one day host the British Open . The plans have also met with considerable local opposition and it needed a decision by the Scottish Government to give it the go-ahead , so does Trump believe he can eventually win over residents and allay the fears of environmentalists who want to preserve nearby ancient sand dunes at the seaside location ? Bullish Trump presses ahead with Scottish course Trump 's golf course portfolio currently boasts 10 courses , 11 if his Aberdeen project comes to fruition . But across the world , other similar developments have run into trouble due to the worldwide recession and the move away from traditional golf course membership . In these times of financial uncertainty , are they good investments and will all flourish ? Trump , who is a regular competitor in prestigious Pro-Am tournaments on the PGA Tour , has rubbed shoulders with the golfing elite , so who in his opinion is the best player in the world at the moment ? The 63-year-old has also been a tournament host to a top event on the LPGA circuit . Does he believe the women 's golf circuit will continue to flourish after the retirement of Annika Sorenstam and more recently Lorena Ochoa ? And what really makes him tick and does he still have the same hunger to succeed as when he started out in business over 40 years ago ? CNN 's question and answer session with Trump will take place on Thursday May 27 . We will do our best to put as many of your questions as possible to him and publish his replies .	You get the chance to quiz American business tycoon Donald Trump Trump is hoping to build the ` world 's best golf course ' in Scotland CNN interviews Trump on Thursday May 27 -- just add your question below
London  CNN  -- Police are investigating whether anti-Muslim sentiments were behind a fire early Wednesday that caused extensive damage to a Somali community center in north London . The fire , in the Muswell Hill neighborhood , is being treated as suspicious , the Metropolitan Police said in a statement . Police told CNN that investigators will probe whether the attack may have been directed against Muslims . The letters "  EDL " -- a possible reference to the English Defence League , a far-right group -- were found on the building , the statement said . "  Police are investigating any potential connection between the graffiti and the fire . " The force "  will work closely with the Somali and Islamic communities to provide support and reassurance , " the statement said . The Met 's Counter Terrorism Command is leading the inquiry . Emergency services were called to the fire at the Somali Bravanese Welfare Association at 3:23 a.m. Opinion : Anti-Muslim backlash in England , but not here One woman was treated for injuries not suffered in the fire , police said . Community leaders said they and the center had co-existed peacefully for 20 years , Chief Superintendent Adrian Usher told reporters . Police will increase patrols in the area , he said . No one has been arrested . Tensions in the metropolitan area have been heightened since May 22 , when a soldier , Lee Rigby , was killed in Woolwich in southeast London . Two men have been charged with murder in the case . The English Defence League has staged protest marches in London and elsewhere . The group says that Islamic law is poised to overthrow British society and calls for Britons to act aggressively to pre-empt it . Cressida Dick , assistant commissioner for the Metropolitan Police , told lawmakers Tuesday that hate crime reports rose after the Woolwich attack but had since declined . She told the House of Commons Home Affairs Committee that some "  horrible attacks on mosques " had taken place , but she was not aware of any assaults on people . The spike in reported crimes was less than spikes that followed the 9/11 attacks in the United States and the 2005 bomb attacks on London 's transport system , she added . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin and Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	The Somali community center was extensively damaged Graffiti apparently written by a far-right group was found on the building , police say Police will boost patrols in the area , a senior officer says
CNN  -- At least 14 people were killed and 60 others wounded Thursday when a bomb ripped through a crowd waiting to see Algeria 's president in Batna , east of the capital of Algiers , the Algerie Presse Service reported . A wounded person gets first aid shortly after Thursday 's attack in Batna , Algeria . The explosion occurred at 5 p.m. about 20 meters  65 feet  from a mosque in Batna , a town about 450 kilometers  280 miles  east of Algiers , security officials in Batna told the state-run news agency . The bomb went off 15 minutes before the expected arrival of President Abdel-Aziz Bouteflika . It was n't clear if the bomb was caused by a suicide bomber or if it was planted , the officials said . Later Thursday , Algeria 's Interior Minister Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni said "  a suspect person who was among the crowd attempted to go beyond the security cordon , " but the person escaped "  immediately after the bomb exploded , " the press service reported . Bouteflika made his visit to Batna as planned , adding a stop at a hospital to visit the wounded before he returned to the capital . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the bombing . Algeria faces a continuing Islamic insurgency , according to the CIA . In July , 33 people were killed in apparent suicide bombings in Algiers that were claimed by an al Qaeda-affiliated group . Bouteflika said terrorist acts have nothing in common with the noble values of Islam , the press service reported . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Bomb victims waiting for presidential visit Blast went off 15 minutes before president 's arrival Algeria faces Islamic insurgency Al Qaeda-affiliated group claimed July attacks
CNN  -- A man was stabbed in the chest and 13 people were arrested after violence marred an English League Cup tie between Premier League side West Ham and east London neighbors Millwall . Millwall fans taunt West Ham supporters during their English League Cup tie . The 44-year-old man was stabbed in Priory Road , a few yards from West Ham 's stadium as fans clashed with police before and after the match ; police say he is now in a stable condition . During the match , which West Ham won 3-1 , fans fought with police and stewards inside the stadium and play was temporarily suspended when numerous supporters invaded the pitch . Metropolitan Police chief superintendent Steve Wisbey , who was in charge of policing the match , confirmed his force were investigating the events and would seek to punish those responsible for the trouble . Commenting on the tie which has a tradition for trouble among rival fans Wisbey added : "  Police worked closely with West Ham Football Club , British Transport Police and the local authority to minimize disorder . "  Officers responded swiftly whilst missiles were being thrown as they tried to separate fans outside the ground after the match . "  Incidents of this nature at a match are thankfully rare , but it would appear that a small number of supporters were intent on causing a confrontation . "  A team of dedicated police officers will be reviewing all the events that took place and will be looking at CCTV both inside and outside the ground to identify evidence of offenses and offenders . "  We will proactively seek to obtain football-banning orders for those responsible so they will not be permitted in stadiums throughout the country or abroad . " The Football Association  FA  , who are currently promoting England 's bid to stage the 2018 or 2022 World Cup , have denounced the violence . "  We absolutely condemn all of the disorder that has occurred at Upton Park , both inside and outside of the ground , " an FA spokesman said . "  We will very quickly be working with all parties , including the police and clubs to establish the facts surrounding the events . We expect all culprits to be banned from football for life - they have no place in our game . " And West Ham confirmed they are assisting with investigations and would not hesitate to issue lifetime bans to those deemed to have been intent on causing trouble . A statement on the club 's Web site said : "  West Ham United will fully investigate the deplorable scenes that took place during the cup tie with Millwall on Tuesday evening . "  The club will not tolerate the unacceptable behavior witnessed inside the Boleyn Ground and will take the strongest possible action against anyone found responsible , including life bans . "  As was the case before , during and after the match , we are cooperating fully with the relevant agencies , including the police . " The incident caps an troubled period for West Ham off the pitch following the stabbing of defender Calum Davenport and the death of the father of midfielder Jack Collison in a motorbike accident in recent weeks .	Violence marred the English League Cup tie between West Ham and Millwall A 44-year-old man was stabbed in the chest and police made 13 arrests Metropolitan Police are now identifying evidence of offences and offenders West Ham , Millwall and the Football Association denounce troublemakers
CNN  -- My family moved to Bahrain in the late eighties when I was only three years old . Like many Western expats who grew up in Bahrain , I was fairly insulated from local politics . None of my friends or their parents talked politics , and most Western expatriates like myself lived in safe , walled compounds , segregated and separate from Bahrain 's villages . Read more : Bahrain enacts stiff laws against ` terrorism ' before opposition protests Even during the 1990s intifada in Bahrain , I do not remember witnessing much trouble . I heard the odd skirmish , and the occasional siren , but as a child you tend to think that the police are the good guys and anyone giving them trouble are "  the bad guys . " Sometimes people would discuss "  trouble in the villages , " but other than that , my ignorance of the situation was the result of youthful indifference cultivated by an informal apartheid . Fast forward to 2013 , and my youthful ignorance serves as a useful metaphor for the alarming extent of apparent Western indifference to the ongoing political crisis in Bahrain . Zakaria : Bahrain will pay heavy price for crackdown Despite a lack of media coverage , state sponsored repression has been going on for the past two years . Skirmishes in villages between groups of youths and the riot police occur almost daily , and while the former burn tires and throw Molotov cocktails , the latter fumigate the villages with tear gas , a tactic so virulent that one NGO accused the Bahrain authorities of "  weaponizing toxic chemical agents . " The skirmishes in the villages are symptomatic of over two years of repression by the Bahraini authorities . Peaceful demands for political reform put forward by thousands of Bahrainis in early 2011 have been ignored , and legitimate attempts to protest have been brutally repressed . Renewed calls for demonstrations on August 14 have prompted the government to initiate a fresh swathe of repressive measures . Bahrain 's opposition-less parliament recently passed reactionary laws banning peaceful gatherings in Bahrain 's capital city and checkpoints , roadblocks and barbed wire fences have been erected around villages to stop people getting to protests . Keen to censor any criticism , the Bahraini authorities have also arrested a number of activists and journalists , while some foreign observers have been denied entry . A lawyer representing a citizen journalist was even arrested for tweeting about the fact his client was tortured by police -- as if the message was not clear enough . The prime minister declared that Bahrain would "  burn to a cinder all those who seek to tamper with its security and stability , " It is unlikely that these "  Tamorrod " protests will amount to anything , especially as the Bahraini authorities have spent the past two years breaking the back of the opposition movement . In 2011 , thousands were arrested , tens killed , and dozens tortured . Doctors who bore witness to the gross excesses of the security forces were tortured and imprisoned on spurious charges . Leaders of several political societies were arrested , tortured , and put in jail , where they still remain . Thousands were fired from their jobs for participating in legal strikes . The state media spewed out sectarian hatred , and Sunni and secular support for the populist movement was tempered by government propaganda that claimed , despite there being no evidence , that the pro-democracy movement was an Iranian-backed attempt to install a Shia theocratic state . The government also demolished a number of Shia religious structures in order to anger Shia protesters and encourage them to become violent , and thus lessen moderate support for the movement . In an attempt to reduce popular sympathy for the pro-democracy movement , the government portrayed the movement as xenophobic and intolerant by exaggerating protesters ' attacks on expats . A government spokesman implied that 12 expats had been killed by protesters in 2011 . In actual fact , two expats were killed by civilians , while one was shot by the Bahrain Defence Force . Expats who publicly express sympathy for the opposition risk deportation . Recently an American teacher was kicked out of Bahrain for writing articles critical of the government . Between the blatant repression of 2011 and the recent reactionary measures ahead of August 14 , there has also been an insidious attack on freedom of expression and due process in Bahrain . Insulting the King on Twitter or "  inciting hatred " against the security forces will land you in jail , while activists are spending months in detention before trial -- often without access to a lawyer . Torture and forced confessions are reportedly still ongoing , and no one has been held accountable for any of the alleged state crimes perpetrated over the past two years . On the contrary , Bahrain 's prime minister was recently filmed thanking a suspected torturer for his services and promising his supporters impunity . The prospects for Bahrain 's pro-democracy movement are bleak , especially without Western support . Obama 's recent call for meaningful reform in Bahrain was disconcertingly vague , and in his September 2012 address to the U.N. , Obama failed to mention Bahrain despite expressing the need to support freedom elsewhere in the Arab world . The unrest in Bahrain has also provided many commercial opportunities for Western companies and individuals . U.S. arms sales to Bahrain since the year 2000 have totalled $ 1.4 billion , and the Bahraini government have paid more than $ 32 million to Washington and London-based public relations companies to help whitewash human rights abuses . In 2011 , the Bahraini authorities used U.S.-made tear gas on protesters , and ex-Miami police chief John Timoney went to Bahrain to help "  reform " the police . Some of the Bahraini police have even received training from the U.S. military . The current U.S. position can be explained by the fact the Bahraini government allows the U.S. to keep a naval base on the island -- and as long as U.S.-Iranian tensions continue , Bahrain 's strategic value will remain high . Unfortunately for Bahrain 's pro-democracy movement , the U.S. are not going to risk upsetting the Bahraini government by pressuring for too much "  meaningful " political reform . This continued U.S. support for a brutal regime is leading to increased resentment towards the American government by many Bahrainis , who feel let down by a nation that claims to support those who aspire to greater freedom , democracy , and liberty . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marc Owen Jones .	State sponsored repression has been going on for the past two years , Marc Owen Jones writes The prospects for pro-democracy movement are bleak , especially without Western support , he says Jones : Extent of Western indifference to ongoing political crisis in Bahrain is alarming
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  Amid renewed violence in eastern Ukraine , the leaders of Russia , Ukraine , Germany and France planned a face-to-face meeting in Belarus on Wednesday . The gathering of the four presidents , who have been talking for days on the phone or through diplomatic channels , is a significant development , as the heads of state would not want to walk away from such a gathering empty-handed . A spokesman for the German government told CNN that "  all sides have agreed " to the meeting . But an attempt to gather these four leaders in January fell through after negotiations failed to reap agreements before the meeting date . Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday , speaking with Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko , hinted that Wednesday 's announced meeting might not be a done deal . Putin confirmed that he spoke with his counterparts in Ukraine , Germany and France , but he added that the meeting will happen "  if we succeed in settling the various points that we have discussed so intensively over these last days . " So there is uncertainty about this meeting happening , but given the serious worsening of the conflict in eastern Ukraine , the Germans feel it is worth a try . The big challenge facing Putin , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande is whether they can reach a peace agreement that will stick . A peace agreement was signed in September -- also in Minsk , Belarus -- that envisaged a ceasefire and the creation of a buffer zone between the warring sides , as well as constitutional changes . However , it quickly crumbled amid continued fighting . Western leaders and the Ukrainian government accuse Russia of providing weapons and training to the pro-Russian separatists battling Ukrainian forces in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions . They have also accused Russia of sending troops to the border to fight . Russia has denied the allegations . But some Western leaders continue to strongly hit at Putin . On Sunday , British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said Putin was acting like a "  mid-20th century tyrant . " Speaking to Sky News , Hammond said Russia 's behavior was "  outrageous and outdated " and warned that Putin will "  pay the price for what he is doing in Ukraine . " All the while , the conflict -- which actually stemmed from a trade agreement -- has killed more than 5,000 people . Over the past day , shelling killed eight civilians in Ukraine 's Donetsk region , a rebel official told reporters Sunday . At least 17 other civilians were injured in the shelling , said Eduard Basurin , the self-declared deputy defense minister of the rebel group Donetsk People 's Republic . Civilians increasingly are falling victim to the violence in Ukraine , with at least 224 killed and more than 540 injured in just the final three weeks of January , the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said . Meanwhile , Ukrainian forces killed 70 insurgents and a eliminated a number of tanks , artillery and rockets over the past day , a military spokesman said Sunday . But 12 Ukrainian soldiers were also killed , and another 24 were wounded by pro-Russian forces who shelled the town of Debaltseve , Col. Andriy Lysenko said in Kiev . Some U.S. officials are considering sending lethal aid to the Ukrainian military . "  Asserting that there is no military solution -- which is a truism -- should not lead us to believe that there is no military dimension to the problem or that hard power can play no role in a favorable solution , " U.S. Sen. John McCain said Sunday . "  Putin does not want a diplomatic solution , he wants to dominate Ukraine as well as Russia 's other neighbors , " McCain added , calling Russia 's military backing of rebels "  a harsh reality . " But some Europeans , such as Merkel , have concerns about arming Ukrainian fighters . "  The progress that Ukraine needs can not be achieved with more weapons , " she said . "  I have grave doubts about the validity of this point . " Merkel said she believes that if the West provides lethal aid to Ukraine , then Russia could up the battle -- and possibly introduce its air force into the fight . But on Sunday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States and Europe are united in their diplomatic efforts . "  Let me assure everyone there is no division , there is no split , " he said at the Munich Security Conference in Germany . He reiterated that there is no military solution to the crisis with separatists in eastern Ukraine , and that borders should not be changed by force . "  But the longer that it takes , " Kerry warned , "  the more the off-ramps are avoided ,  and  the more we will be forced to raise the costs on Russia and its proxies . " Frederik Pleitgen reported from Kiev ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta ; and Nick Paton Walsh reported from Donetsk . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	Russian , Ukrainian , German and French leaders plan to meet in Minsk , Belarus , on Wednesday The U.N. says Hundreds of civilians have been killed this year in the Ukraine crisis
"  Everything secret degenerates , even the administration of justice ; nothing is safe that can not bear discussion and publicity . " -- Lord Acton The recent disclosures about the National Security Agency 's massive and aggressive spying on the world , including U.S. citizens , along with other scandals showing Associated Press and Fox News reporters targeted in "  leak " investigations , should make us realize that John Poindexter 's plan for "  Total Information Awareness " never died : It merely went underground and changed its name . When the TIA idea was first proposed by the Bush administration after 9/11 , along with a "  Big Brother " all-seeing eye logo , it was widely considered a crazy notion , resulting in an outcry . That data collection plan , which involved indiscriminate spying on Americans , was quickly squelched -- at least publicly . The truth , however , was that it was reborn under dozens of massive data collection and surveillance programs within each of our 16 highly secretive intelligence agencies , under a variety of cute acronyms . These programs falsely purport to get "  novel intelligence from massive data . "  In fact , NIMD is the actual , self-explanatory name of one such program  . Few within the national intelligence community complained about the wrongfulness , illegality or ineffectiveness -- let alone the waste and fraud -- of programs that create billions in profit for private surveillance contractors , technology experts and intelligence operatives and analysts . But there 's no evidence the NIMD theory has worked . Researchers long ago concluded that the NIMD-type promise of detecting and accurately stopping terrorists through massive data collection was simply not possible . Opinion : Edward Snowden is a hero Think about how Bush administration officials defended themselves from not following up on the incredibly specific intelligence warnings urgently going to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet and National Counterterrorism Director Richard Clark in the months leading up to 9/11 . Their common response back then was something along the line of : intelligence is like a fire hose , and you ca n't get a sip from a fire hose . There was apparently too much for top officials to even read the key memos addressed to them . But if intelligence was a fire hose before 9/11 , it quickly became Niagara Falls . And now , with so much data  almost all of it irrelevant  that has been sucked into government databases and computers , one might liken the "  intelligence flow " to a tsunami , with analysts asked to find just the right drop of water . Good luck . In fact , The Washington Post 's well-researched series in 2010 on "  Top Secret America " reported that the NSA was collecting and storing around 1.7 billion pieces of information every 24 hours , even back then . To switch metaphors , it does not make it easier to find a needle in a haystack if you continue to add hay . No one has ever explained why it was left to fellow passengers or alert street vendors , not the "  intelligence " agencies , to stop the last four major terrorist attacks or attempted attacks on U.S. soil . When the Bush administration 's illegal monitoring was revealed by The New York Times in December 2005 , a cover-up of sorts ensued . By labeling it the "  terrorist surveillance program , " Bush and his closest intelligence officials scared Congress and the people into believing that the surveillance was something other than a dragnet -- that it was limited to terrorist suspects , or at least to foreign nationals , and did not encompass all Americans . Few believed at the time that such a colossal secret system could eventually be used against American news agencies and reporters , activists and other officials . Fast forward to President Barack Obama 's response to the recent confirmation about the extent of the NSA 's "  metadata " collection of our telephone and Internet information . Keep in mind that the NSA is just one of the 16 agencies involved in data gathering and storage . Opinion : Your biggest secrets are up for grabs A courageous person of conscience -- Edward Snowden -- has now openly confirmed it all but is already suffering official demonization because he felt it important for the wider public to know and debate the magnitude and reach of the U.S. government 's secret monitoring . The disclosures have caused Obama and other officials to more or less admit that massive government surveillance erodes citizens ' individual privacy , but they claim that it is a necessary trade-off in the quest for security . Omitted was proof that such a strategy even works . The excessive secrecy and increasing compartmentalization in "  top secret America " actually reduces information sharing , which the post 9/11 investigations concluded was the major failure and root cause that allowed the 9/11 attacks to occur . Some of us even wonder if the 9/11 attacks could have been prevented if WikiLeaks or a similar channel had existed to get out the serious threats and information that surfaced in the months beforehand but were ignored , unread or became blocked in the "  fire hose . " Secretive spying programs actually harm national security . And arguably worse , they pose , as Snowden stated , "  an existential threat to democracy . " The Bill of Rights limits government prerogative by ensuring that a measure of evidence and proof are necessary before police can detain people or search their homes and other areas of privacy . The threat to democracy lies not only in the evisceration of the Fourth Amendment 's prohibition of unreasonable searches and the Fifth Amendment 's guarantee of due process , right against self-incrimination and coerced confessions and other rights that form the backbone of the criminal justice system , but also in eroding freedom of the press , seeing journalists and reporters as "  aiding and abetting " the criminal telling of government secrets . Secrets , by the way , that should n't even be secret . Few graphs climb as sharply upward as this one tracing the line from 6 million government documents classified "  secret " in 1996 to 92 million secret in 2011 . What will be the figure in 2013 ? Will we need someone such as Snowden to tell us ? Has Thomas Jefferson 's notion that the bedrock of democracy rests on an informed citizenry become as "  quaint " as the Geneva Conventions ? The notion that we must choose between abiding by the Constitution and improving security is fundamentally false , as Obama noted when first campaigning for the presidency . But his recent response was a flip flop exploiting people 's fear of terrorism to say he can not ensure their "  100 % security " unless people give up their privacy and convenience to allow the massive NSA monitoring . A lot more than privacy and convenience is at stake . What is at risk here is simply the rule of law , whose keystone is the concept of due process , as derived from the Magna Carta and enshrined in the Bill of Rights . Once due process goes , we can wave goodbye also to freedom of speech , freedom of press and freedom of assembly . Opinion : Why we need government surveillance It has happened before . One need to only look to the operation of the House Un-American Activities Committee in the late 1940s and '50s to recall a time when rights were suspended and to be accused meant to be convicted of a thought crime . Often considered the smartest man of the last century , Albert Einstein died with a nearly 2,000 page FBI file . J. Edgar Hoover gathered secret information on anyone and everyone of consequence , which gave him power over some presidents . In the 1960s , the FBI 's COINTELPRO  counter-intelligence program  secretly monitored civil rights , anti-war and even feminist groups . Hoover 's "  black bag jobs " against such public activists as Martin Luther King Jr. , secret blackmailing attempts and nonjudicial "  disruption " of these groups is what actually led to the Church Committee investigation of abuses and the creation of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which the NSA has now effectively dismantled . Who wants to go back to the good ole ' HUAC-Hoover era ? I 'm afraid that secrecy will inherently continue to degenerate everything and everybody it touches . Thank goodness for some persons of conscience such as Edward Snowden and for a little truth getting out !	Coleen Rowley : Surveillance programs create huge profit for private contractors Rowley : More importantly , stopping terrorists through mass data collection does n't work She says just look at how the Bush administration failed on 9/11 despite early warnings Rowley : Secretive spying programs harm national security and threaten democracy
Chittagong , Bangladesh  CNN  -- In a dusty , unkempt field in the middle of Bangladesh 's second-largest city , crowds of men and boys gather to watch their favorite sport . But there is something most unusual about this sight , even in such a cricket-crazy nation . On this particular field , the men and boys are the spectators and the girls are the ones wielding bats and bowling balls . "  I have never seen girls playing cricket anywhere in Bangladesh before , " remarks a male watching on the sidelines . That is because girls are n't normally given the chance to play . They are generally given less value in society than boys . Bangladesh launches Cricket World Cup "  At first people asked : ` Why are girls playing cricket . It 's a boys ' game , this is a bad thing , ' " 15-year-old Rohima Bibi Moni said . In the slum where she lives , the neighbors taunted her father , saying he was ruining their religiously-conservative society by allowing his girl to play . He almost gave in to their demands . "  Then I thought that I could not do anything in my life , so let my daughter do something , " Moni 's father Muhammad Sayed said . Sayed is illiterate . He was never given the chance to go to school . But instead of marrying his daughter off at the age of 14 -- the age his wife married him -- he allowed Moni to take classes in a school run by BRAC , Bangladesh 's largest non-governmental organization . He was impressed with his daughter 's work and even learned a few things from her . "  I could not sign my name before , but I started learning from my daughter and now I can write my name and some others ' names , " Sayed said . So a year and a half ago , when BRAC decided to start a girls ' cricket team with funding from UNICEF , Moni convinced her parents and went from a shy teenager to the captain of her team . "  God willing someday I will be able to play on the national team , " she said . There are dozens of girls like her , and now there are enough teams in Bangladesh to have a national tournament . There is only enough money to hold a handful of formal training sessions from volunteer coaches , but the girls take what they can and work with it . Coach Nurul Huda Khan beams when he remembers the hardships the girls have overcome . "  I am very proud ! My team is not playing very well but we have been able to bring the team from so far with the help of BRAC . It 's a miracle ! " But the proudest of all is Moni 's father : "  I am now happy she is learning and she is playing . I am delighted with this thing . People from all across Bangladesh watch her play -- she 's our pride . " No matter if the girls ' teams win or lose a match . Their supporters say they have already aced some life 's biggest tests . With the 2011 Cricket World Cup being kicked off in Bangladesh , Moni has gained enough confidence and support to dream even bigger now . "  I will definitely feel good when we see girls like us playing in the World Cup . "	Girls are breaking down social barriers by starting to play cricket in Bangladesh The sport has long been dominated by males in the cricket-crazy nation Bangladesh 's religious code has made it difficult for females to play the game But despite a lack of coaching resources , girls ' teams are starting to flourish
CNN  -- Even though the Ryder Cup prize ceremony took place at Medinah long after the sun had set , the staggering nature of Europe 's triumph eclipsed the gloom -- and left many golf fans wondering how the visiting side had recorded the most remarkable comeback in the competition 's 85-year history . Trailing 10-4 at one point on Saturday , and 10-6 as Sunday 's singles got underway , the team led by Spain 's Jose Maria Olazabal defied the odds to win a record eight-and-a-half points on the final day and thus the trophy itself . As darkness enveloped Medinah Country Club in Chicago , Europe 's captain Olazabal talked of how the spirit of Seve Ballesteros had been key to his team 's success . Inspirational and flamboyant , Ballesteros won five major championships , revolutionized the European Tour and revelled in the passion of a Ryder Cup battle with the United States . He died in 2011 after a long battle with cancer . "  Our team played in the spirit of Seve without ever giving up , " Olazabal said . For leadership and teamwork specialist Khoi Tu -- a man who has advised Formula 1 champions and some of the world 's leading companies -- the spirit of Ballesteros hung heavy over the European team . "  The thing that Europe had -- distinct to the United States -- was the notion of playing for Seve , and teams are often at their best when playing for an idea , " says Tu , whose book ` Superteams ' will be published next month . "  I 'm not sure the U.S. did a lot wrong . But since the contest was so close , the key differentiator could be the ` Seve ' idea . After all , could the power and pulling together of the U.S. team match his story ? "  Like most sports , golf is a combination of will and skill and at this level , the will is often more important than the skill . "  The differentiator here was Seve had played a role in all the European players ' lives and would have meant something for many of them . " As Spaniards and fellow professionals , Olazabal and Ballesteros shared a strong bond before the latter 's death last year . On the course , the Spanish pair formed Europe 's most dyanmaic Ryder Cup partnership  with 12 points gained from their 15 matches  and Olazabal ensured his late compatriot was never far from any of his team 's minds this week by strategically placing his image on the players ' clothing and bags . With Justin Rose looking up to the heavens in triumph , Sergio Garcia suggesting that Seve ` was with me all day ' after his win and Europe 's star man Ian Poulter saying he owed his presence on the team to Ballesteros , Olazabal 's unorthodox approach to captaincy produced compelling results . The 46-year-old may have lacked the organizational ability of previous European captain Colin Montgomerie , whose side triumphed in another nail biting clash in Wales two years ago , but he compensated in other areas , says Tu . "  Compared to Montgomerie , Olazabal was all about emotion -- connecting with individuals on a very visceral level , " he said . "  Montgomerie was about thorough preparation and leaving no detail unturned in an attempt to ensure the players were given the best platform to produce victory . "  This year , people felt emotionally connected to Olazabal and his ability to translate that Seve factor was very powerful . "  His organization was n't perhaps the best though , given what happened with Rory McIlroy , " referring to the world No. 1 nearly missing his tee-off slot on Sunday after confusing his time zones . The Northern Irishman eventually made it onto the course just 10 minutes before he was scheduled to start thanks to a siren-wailing police escort from the team hotel to Medinah . Despite that glitch , Tu believes Olazabal built a team where belief became an intrinsic value and where his man management skills produced inspired results . "  Olazabal did do some interesting structural things -- such as choosing Poulter as a wild card , " says Tu . "  Poulter has a brilliant Ryder Cup record and his infectious attitude will only ever amplify the belief in others . " Tu highlighted the way in which Martin Kaymer put a disappointing season behind him to emerge as the effective match-winner , as the German coolly sank a pressurized putt on the 18th to beat Steve Stricker and ensure that Europe retained the Ryder Cup . "  Teams play for a leader , " says Tu . "  The worst leader of Europe in recent times was 2008 captain Nick Faldo , who told Lee Westwood in the middle of a round that he would not be playing the next day . "  Compare that to Olazabal 's management of Kaymer , who was not in great form coming into the tournament and who did n't play on the Saturday either . "  Somehow , Olazabal managed to turn a potential weakness into a positive , by stressing to Kaymer that his absence on Saturday was a sacrifice for the team 's greater good . "  This would have liberated Kaymer -- and just look at the way both he and Stricker handled the pressure in their clash late on . "  A lot of small things combined to tip Europe into the belief they could win and as the scores came through , their momentum became unstoppable . "  This momentum helped Kaymer -- and so did the Seve influence , as he was playing with something beyond himself . Stricker saw the increasing blue on the scoreboard and began to feel the pressure . "  It 's a fine line between that pressure either being turned into a positive or negative , but Stricker knew everyone was relying on him -- which became pretty tough pressure -- and the game just ran away from him . " Stricker 's misery was compounded by the fact he was the only player among the two dozen involved who failed to win a point all week -- a statistic that history will not look kindly upon as Americans try to understand how they snatched defeat from the jaws of victory . The Wall Street Journal is already debating this , with the newspaper pointing an accusatory finger at the decision by U.S. captain Davis Love III to select Stricker as one of his four wild cards . "  The better questions to ask might be how teams from Europe consistently pull rabbits out of their hats at these Ryder Cups . Europe has now won two in a row , five of the past six and seven of the past nine , " the paper wrote on Monday . "  If it were just this U.S. team that lost when on paper it seemed to have the better players , the blame might be easier to assign . But that 's not the case . " For Tu , the answer is simple . "  The Europeans were playing for each other , for their leaders and for a purpose -- Seve . "	Europe staged a stunning fightback to snatch the Ryder Cup from U.S. grasp The U.S. had seemingly built up an unassailable lead before huge turnaround Leadership specialist tells CNN memory of Seve Ballesteros drove Europeans on European captain Jose Maria Olazabal was close friend of late Spaniard
Washington  CNN  Vice President Joe Biden , in a closed-door meeting with black clergy in South Carolina on Tuesday , referred to himself as "  the only white boy on the east side of Wilmington " as he recalled his days as a Delaware public defender and pressed faith leaders to elect Democrats this year . He offered a candid critique of Republicans , calling the tea party "  crazy , " according to a detailed readout of Biden 's remarks provided to CNN by a person in the room . "  This is not your father 's Republican Party , " he said , according to the source . "  This is a different breed of cat , man . I am not making a moral judgment , but I will tell you that they have no judgment . " Biden was in South Carolina for the day to support local Democrats in competitive races . But South Carolina 's role as an early presidential primary state added another layer of political intrigue to his trip , one of several to the state this year . His office declined to comment on his remarks at the private meeting . Biden predicted dire consequences for Democrats if Republicans win full control of Congress in November . "  If they win again , we are going to get no consensus on anything for the next two , four , six years , " Biden told the gathering of more than 100 ministers . "  But if we beat some of these folks , it 's going to give some spine to the Republicans who know better . " He added , "  If we win , will turn things around . There will begin to be consensus . " Biden delivers ` Elizabeth Warren-type speech ' The day 's public event was a rally at Allen University , a historically black university in Columbia . Before a crowd of roughly 1,000 people , Biden took sharp aim at Republicans in Congress and in the South Carolina state house , including Gov. Nikki Haley , accusing them of putting ideology over compromise . "  Your governor is denying 200,000 South Carolinians additional Medicaid because she opposes expansion , " Biden said . But he was more blunt in the gathering with ministers . He said Americans side with Democrats on issues from minimum wage , "  tax fairness , " combating climate change and making climate change affordable . Pointing to the enactment of strict voter ID laws in GOP-dominated states , Biden said Republicans have been successful in discouraging Democrats , especially African-Americans , from voting . ` I 'm Joe Biden and I do n't like Twitter ' "  What the other team has done so skillfully over the last 15 years is convince our folks that it 's not worth voting , " he said . "  Rich guys never get fooled that it 's not worth voting . They always show up and vote . But they tell our folks it does n't matter , that government does n't work anyway . " At one point referring to himself as "  Joe Biden , progressive Democrat , " Biden pointed to gains in manufacturing jobs under President Barack Obama , but said the middle class still "  has not come back yet . " "  You can see it in the eyes of your parishioners , " he said . "  It 's not just in black America , it 's white America as well . People are wondering , when is it going to be OK ? " "  Corporate profits have soared , " Biden said , criticizing "  these guys running hedge funds in New York . " He noted that the top 1 % of earners in the United States make almost a quarter of all the money earned in the country . "  How can that possibly be fair ? " he asked . "  The biggest problem is income inequality , " he said , echoing populist-themed remarks he made at a South Carolina fundraiser earlier this year . "  Because when income inequality spreads , economies shrink because folks do n't have money to spend . " Six times Joe Biden aimed for the truth and caused a headache Sitting next to South Carolina Rep. Jim Clyburn , the highest-ranking African-American in Congress , Biden talked up his political background and told the assembled audience that he "  got 98 % of the African-American vote every time I ran " in Delaware . Black voters routinely make up a majority of the Democratic primary electorate in South Carolina . Biden pointed out that his career began as a young public defender in Delaware , representing low-income clients . That 's when he called himself "  the only white boy on the east side of Wilmington . " Later in the day , Biden echoed his remarks at a fundraiser for the South Carolina Democratic Party at the home of Dick Harpootlian , a prominent local attorney and former state party chairman . About 40 people attended , including Elizabeth Colbert-Busch , the sister of comedian Stephen Colbert , who unsuccessfully ran for Congress last year . "  He gave a great speech , " Harpootlian said . "  He said Republicans are being stymied by the extremists John Boehner that does n't want to go against . He said that hopefully some moderates can prevail this November . " Harpootlian , who has been publicly critical of Hillary Clinton , said Biden will have a head start in South Carolina if he decides to run for president because of his previous campaigns and his longtime friendship with former Sen. Fritz Hollings . "  If he runs , there is no candidate who will have been to South Carolina as many times as he has , " Harpootlian said . "  He has a built-in infrastructure . "	Joe Biden met with black clergy in South Carolina on Tuesday Biden to ministers : "  This is not your father 's Republican Party " South Carolina is an early presidential primary state
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- A bear on ice skates attacked two people during rehearsals at a circus in Bishkek , the capital of Kyrgyzstan , killing one of them , Kyrgyz officials said Friday . In the incident , which happened Thursday , the 5-year-old animal killed the circus administrator , Dmitry Potapov , and mauled an animal trainer , who was attempting to rescue him . "  The incident occurred during a rehearsal by the Russian state circus company troupe which was performing in Bishkek with the program , Bears on Ice , " Ministry of Culture and Information director Kurmangazy Isanayev told reporters . It is unclear what caused the bear to attack Potapov , 25 , nearly severing one of his legs while dragging him across the ice by his neck . Medical personnel were unable to save Potapov , who died at the scene . The 29-year-old circus trainer Yevgeny Popov , who attempted to rescue Potapov , was also severely injured , according to doctors . "  The victim has sustained serious injuries - deep scalp lacerations , bruising of the brain , lacerations on his body . His condition is considered critical , " Dr. Gulnara Tashibekova told reporters on Russian state television . After the incident , the circus was cordoned off by police and emergency service workers . Experts have been brought in to examine the bear , which was shot and died at the scene . Russia has a long-standing tradition of training bears to perform tricks such as riding motorcycles , ice skating , and playing hockey . Fatal attacks are unusual .	Ice skating bear kills man during rehearsals at Russian circus Bear dragged circus administrator Dmitry Potapov across the ice by his neck Russian state circus company troupe were preparing for "  Bears on ice " Russia has a long-standing tradition of training bears to perform tricks
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi says he governs Italy out of a sense of duty and sacrifice , not because he enjoys the job . Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi at a press conference in Rome on Oct. 7 , 2009 The conservative , flamboyant Italian leader , 73 , says he actually does n't like governing at all . But he stays in the job because he is considered the "  only leader able to hold the center-right together . " Berlusconi says there 's nothing simple about the prime minister 's job . He said : "  I 'm doing what I do with a sense of sacrifice . I do n't really like it . Not at all . " He added : "  Very often there is a lot of dirty dealing , there is really the gutter press , worse than that , the shameless and sickly . It 's a difficult life to be responsible for leading the government in a country like Italy . " In a wide-ranging interview with CNN 's Paula Newton , Berlusconi also discussed some of the controversial statements he has made , including calling U.S. President Barack Obama "  tanned . " He denied the comment was a gaffe . "  I have never made any gaffes , not even one . Every gaffe is invented by the newspapers . " He said he always thinks before he speaks . "  I tell stories and tell jokes , " he said . "  I only tell jokes that can be heard by anyone . I 'm always conscious of what we are talking about . " Berlusconi said his supposed gaffes , like the time he left German Chancellor Angela Merkel waiting by the side of the Rhine while he finished a call on his mobile , were "  invented by the papers . " Watch more about his extraordinary year " Berlusconi explained the incident to CNN , saying had been on the phone to Turkey 's PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Afterwards Merkel -- who he described as "  happy " -- asked him if the call had been successful . Another time , he startled Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II during a group photo at Buckingham Palace when he shouted over to the American president : "  Mr. Obama ! It 's Berlusconi . " This prompted the queen to raise a gloved hand and complain : "  Why does he have to shout ? " Look at photos of Italy 's flamboyant leader " Berlusconi told CNN "  the Queen defended me . " The billionaire media mogul-turned politician also blames the Italian media as the reason his second wife and mother of three of his five children , Veronica Lario , asked him for a divorce , saying Lario erred by believing what was in the Italian papers . Lario cited Berlusconi 's presence at the birthday party of an 18-year-old Naples model , reported in the Italian press , as the reason for seeking a divorce earlier this year . "  There is absolutely nothing at all which is negative , " Berlusconi told CNN about his appearance at the birthday party of Noemi Letizia in Naples . Berlusconi , Italy 's longest-serving prime minister , said his friendship with the young woman and her family were "  relationships which have a right to privacy . " He said the newspapers had accused him of lying in statements he made to them about it . "  I will react and I will explain the situation , " Berlusconi told CNN . "  I will have all the Italians with me and the accusations will be a boomerang against those who made it against me . " Lario also accused him of choosing starlets and showgirls as European parliament candidates and of consorting with young women . At the time Lario was interviewed by Dario Cresto-Dina , a reporter from the Italian newspaper La Repubblica , who told CNN , "  In Veronica 's words , ` This time he went beyond the limit with his latest public humiliation . I want to close this chapter on this marriage . " Allegations that Berlusconi went to parties with escorts were also widely reported . Giampaolo Tarantini , the businessman accused of hiring the escorts denied any wrongdoing and said he brought women to the parties to make a "  beautiful impression . " "  I have never paid money to those who accompanied me except for refunding their trip expenses , " he said in a statement issued in June this year . "  I exclude that the premier could have been aware of these reimbursements and I want to ask forgiveness for having involuntarily damaged him . " The scandals have done little damage to Berlusconi 's political standing in Italy . Polls have shown his popularity has dipped only slightly , mostly among women , since the scandals broke in the spring . Watch more about Berlusconi 's love for his people " "  When I go around , it 's embarrassing to see the affection showered upon me , " Berlusconi told CNN . "  I know that people can change their opinions ... but I must say that I just note the fact that I am close to the heart of many Italians and they show this to me very often . " Berlusconi , who 's also a songwriter , a real estate and insurance tycoon , and owner of Italian soccer team AC Milan , said he 's always been "  liked by those who have worked with me . I 'm liked and loved by all the people in politics . " Even his critics acknowledge his popularity among Italians . Giulio Anselmi , veteran Italian journalist and chairman of the Italian news agency ANSA , says Berlusconi 's popularity is because he 's a populist . He describes him as "  a man who pulls the most elementary strings of the public opinion ; a public opinion , which in Italy in these times , prefers simple paths . " Berlusconi , who controls almost half of Italy 's television stations , was elected in 2008 to his third term . The next Italian election , barring an early vote , is scheduled for 2013 . His conservative coalition has control of both the Italian Chamber of Deputies and the Senate . Berlusconi , a former cruise ship singer before turning his hand to media ownership , said he entered politics in 1994 to combat the growing power of the Left and "  communist ideology " in the country . "  I could n't imagine that the country where I had lived , where I had great success as the first Italian entrepreneur , that it would fall prey to these people , " he said . Asked for the secret of his success , the wise-cracking entrepreneur replied : "  Everybody knows that I have a sense of friendship , I 'm loyal , I always say what I think -- I do n't have any hidden thoughts , I do n't hide anything , I speak openly . " He also attributed his success to sheer hard work , his practice "  not to leave anything undone . To aim for 10 if you want to achieve eight . " Paula Newton contributed to this story .	Berlusconi says he does n't like his job as Italian leader Says he entered politics because of growing power of communists in Italy He insists he has n't committed a single gaffe ; all "  invented by the papers " Blames press for his wife 's divorce announcement earlier this year
Three people in Colorado may have died after smoking synthetic marijuana , state health officials fear . The Colorado Department of Public Health has launched an investigation into an outbreak of illnesses at hospitals that may be tied to the dangerous substance . "  Initial reports show approximately 75 people who reported smoking a form of synthetic marijuana may have been seen at hospitals in the Denver metro area and Colorado Springs beginning in late August , " said Dr. Tista Ghosh , interim chief medical officer for the state , in a written statement . "  Several individuals were in intensive care and three deaths are being investigated as possibly associated . " The Colorado Department of Health , with help from local health officials and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , will attempt to figure out if the synthetic marijuana is to blame , and if so , whether all the patients were sickened by the same product or different ones . But "  do n't wait for the results of this investigation , " Ghosh urged . "  If you have synthetic marijuana , stop using it and destroy it . " Teen narrowly escapes death after smoking synthetic marijuana Known as K2 , Spice , Black Mamba , Mr. Smiley and Blaze , among other things , synthetic marijuana can have more serious consequences than regular marijuana , which is legal in Colorado . These synthetic cannabinoids are a blend of plant and herbal materials that have been sprayed with chemicals , producing an extra toxicity , according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse . Sold most often on the Internet , synthetic marijuana produces euphoric and psychoactive effects similar to those associated with marijuana . But doctors say there are additional side effects that may be particularly dangerous . The drug can leave patients catatonic and listless . And what makes matters worse , very little is known about synthetic marijuana or how to treat an adverse reaction or overdose . According to the Drug Enforcement Administration , the number of calls to poison centers related to synthetic drugs soared from about 3,200 in 2010 to more than 13,000 in 2011 . "  Easy access and the misperception that Spice products are ` natural ' and therefore harmless have likely contributed to their popularity , " the NIDA website states . "  Another selling point is that the chemicals used in Spice are not easily detected in standard drug tests . " Because the chemicals used in these products have a high potential for abuse and no medical benefit , the DEA has designated five of the most common active chemicals frequently found in synthetic marijuana as Schedule I controlled substances , making it illegal to sell , buy , or possess them . But manufacturers seem to be changing the chemical compounds as fast as lawmakers enact legislation to ban them . The CDC was sending a team of four to assist the investigation .	75 people in Colorado may have become sickened after smoking synthetic marijuana Health officials are looking into whether these are linked to one product or several Fake pot is a blend of plant and herbal materials that have been sprayed with chemicals
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The wife of an Iranian pro-reformist activist detained as he tried to leave the country last week says she is "  deeply concerned " for his safety . Fatemah Shams and Mohammadreza Jalaeipour are students together at the University of Oxford . Fatemeh Shams told CNN she had n't heard from her husband Mohammadreza Jalaeipour since she watched him being escorted away after he was prevented from boarding a flight to Dubai on June 17 . Both are students at the University of Oxford and had been returning to the UK from Iran after attending a family wedding , just as demonstrations escalated following presidential elections earlier this month which have plunged Iran into political chaos . Shams said she and her 27-year-old husband -- both activists for the pro-reformist Third Wave campaign -- planned to leave Iran on June 17 . At first , everything appeared fine with Jalaeipour having his passport stamped as he passed through immigration . But he was then approached by a plain clothes official who told him to turn off his cellphone before ordering Jalaeipour to follow him . "  We did n't get a chance to talk to each other -- I was watching what was happening and that was the last time I saw him , " said Shams , 26 , who flew to the UK via Doha in Qatar . Watch Shams speak about her husband 's detention " Shams said she had n't heard directly from her husband since his arrest but believed he was being held in prison . "  It 's a very difficult mental situation for me to understand what is going on and I am deeply concerned about his health and safety , " she told CNN . Both Jalaeipour and Shams were members of the organizing committee of the Third Wave campaign , a reformist youth movement formed last year to back former president Mohammad Khatami 's candidacy in this year 's election . Following Khatami 's withdrawal from contention , the Third Wave threw its support behind Mir Hossein Moussavi , who has disputed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election , claiming that voting was rigged . In a recent interview with the Wall Street Journal Jalaeipour said he had advised Moussavi on using social-networking Web sites , such as Facebook , to reach young voters . "  Third Wave was a totally legal campaign with reformist tendencies that was trying to get young people involved in the elections , " said Shams . "  We believed we should take part to make our country better and to have a better future . We were encouraging young people to not be indifferent about their country . " Shams said she thinks he may have been detained because of his political activities . "  Most of the activists who have been supporting the reformist candidate , all of them are in prison now . Why should the young people who want to do something for the sake of their country and their people , why are they in prison now ? " Shams said she planned to return to Iran herself if there was no change in her husband 's situation in the next week or so . But she but admitted her own safety could not be guaranteed if she went back . Following more than a week of daily demonstrations in Tehran , Iranian security forces have been cracking down on protests and arresting activists including Ebrahim Yazdi , a former deputy prime minister who headed a group supporting increased freedom and democracy . Yazdi , who is 76 and has suffered prostate cancer , was later released . Moussavi and former president Khatami have sent a letter to Iran 's courts urging them to release arrested activists and protesters .	Iranian activist detained at airport as he tried to leave country Wife says she is deeply concerned for Mohammadreza Jalaeipour 's safety Fatemeh Shams says she has n't heard from Jalaeipour since his arrest Couple are both activists for pro-Moussavi Third Wave campaign
CNN  -- Iran 's finance minister believes oil prices could rise as high as $ 160 a barrel thanks to sanctions over its nuclear program , a prediction that comes just as the chief of the United Nations nuclear watchdog agency headed to Tehran on Sunday for high-level talks . "  We must pay close attention when we speak of oil revenues and sanctions against oil sales , who are the winners and the losers of such sanctions ? " Shamseddin Hosseini told CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " in an interview that airs Sunday . "  Indeed , it is difficult . But not just for Iran . And we can all rest assured that there will be a considerable increase in international oil market prices . Now , is this the best approach ? " The comments came as the International Atomic Energy Agency said in a carefully worded statement that its director-general , Yukiya Amano , was headed to Iran for talks on what it described only as "  issues of mutual interest with high Iranian officials . " The trip raises speculation that Iran may be willing to grant IAEA inspectors access to sites to determine whether it is developing nuclear weapons . The talks come at a critical time for Iran , whose economy has been crippled by sanctions imposed by the United Nations , the United States and the European Union . Eighty percent of Iran 's foreign revenues are derived from oil exports , and an embargo by the EU set to go into effect in July will further devastate its economy . But Hosseini said the embargo would also likely hurt the EU , which is grappling with its own weakened economy . Oil prices as a result of the sanctions , he said , "  will go considerably higher than $ 100 per barrel . " Even the International Monetary Fund "  says as a result of these sanctions , oil prices will perhaps reach and hover around $ 160 per barrel , " he said . Hosseini gave little indication to Zakaria that Iran would be willing to abandon its nuclear program , which Tehran has consistently maintained is solely for the development of alternative energy . "  There are conversations and dialogues taking place currently , but there can not be a hegemony and a double-standard in the treatment of member countries such as Iran , " he said . "  If these principles can be understood and applied with mutual respect , I think we will be in a much better place . If we do n't , we will witness a increase in international oil markets . " The Iranians met with the IAEA for the first time in three months in Vienna , Austria , last week and are expected to meet again Monday . Later this week in Baghdad , Iran is set to continue talks over its nuclear program with world powers who make up the group known as P5 +1 : the United States , France , Russia , China , Britain and Germany . Tensions over the country 's nuclear program have roiled the Middle East , with Iran threatening earlier this year to close the Strait of Hormuz , a vital oil shipping lane , if sanctions were imposed on its exports of crude oil . Meanwhile , Israel has said it may attack Iran to prevent it from developing nuclear weapons . During the height of tensions , oil prices soared to $ 110 a barrel . The price per barrel of crude oil finished last week at $ 92.50 per barrel . In March , the IAEA noted what it called a sharp and troubling increase in Iran 's uranium enrichment capabilities . The United States and its allies suspect that Iran is evading international inspections and is developing nuclear weapons . As punishment , Western nations have slapped crippling sanctions on Iran . Leaders of the so-called Group of Eight -- United States , Canada , the United Kingdom , Germany , France , Italy , Japan and Russia -- called on Iran on Saturday to comply with the requirements of the U.N. 's watchdog agency to open its doors to nuclear inspectors . In a declaration , the G8 leaders said they welcomed the resumption of talks . The leaders called on Iran to engage "  in detailed discussion about near-term , concrete steps that can , through a step-by-step approach based on reciprocity , lead towards a comprehensive negotiated solution which restores international confidence that Iran 's nuclear program is exclusively peaceful , " according to the declaration . The G8 leaders also urged Iran to comply with international obligations to uphold human rights and fundamental freedoms , including the freedom of religion .	Iran 's finance minister tells CNN that oil prices could rise as high as $ 160 a barrel "  Rest assured there will be a considerable increase , " the minister says The chief of the U.N. 's nuclear watchdog agency is heading to Iran for talks G8 leaders urge Iran to cooperate with inspectors
CNN  -- Thailand 's general election on Sunday pitted the Democrats , led by Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva , against the opposition Pheu Thai party , led by Yingluck Shinawatra , youngest sister of Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless coup in 2006 . Abhisit on Sunday conceded the election , making Yingluck the country 's first female premier . Below is a timeline tracing highlights of the last 10 years , beginning when Thaksin , then a multibillionaire media tycoon , first took office . He rode to power with populist policies that gained huge support from the rural poor . But Thailand 's elite feared his policies would erode their position . Thaksin was also criticized for his brutal war on drugs , which saw summary executions , and for a heavy-handed response to violence in the Muslim-dominated south . 2001 January 6 - Thaksin 's Thai Rak Thai  TRT  party wins in general election January 18 - Constitutional Court agrees to put Thaksin , who is set to become prime minister , on trial for allegedly concealing assets when he was in government in 1997 . The move comes a month after his indictment by the National Countercorruption Commission , an independent body . Thaksin denied any wrongdoing in the case . February 9 - King Bhumibol Adulyadej appoints Thaksin prime minister . He would become the country 's first prime minister to serve a full-term in office . August 3 -- In an 8-7 decision , the Constitutional Court acquits Thaksin of concealing assets , citing insufficient evidence . He avoids a ban from politics . 2005 March 9 - Thaksin begins second term as PM after he and the TRT win landslide victories in the February elections . 2006 January 23 - The Shinawatra family announce the sale of its controlling stake in telecom company Shin Corp. to Singapore 's state-owned Temasek Holdings for a tax-free $ 1.9 billion . February 24 - Thaksin dissolves parliament , calls for snap elections on April 2 amid protests and mounting criticism over his family 's sale of shares in Shin Corp. . March 5 - Tens of thousands attend rally by newly formed People 's Alliance for Democracy  PAD  to call for Thaksin 's resignation for alleged abuse of power , corruption and business conflicts of interest . April 3 - Thaksin claims victory after snap election , which opposition parties boycotted over corruption allegations . Thaksin 's Thai Rak Thai party was the only major party to participate . May 8 - Constitutional Court rules April election invalid . September 19 - Military seizes power in a bloodless coup following series of PAD rallies , while Thaksin is at the U.N. General Assembly in New York . 2007 May 30 - Constitutional tribunal dissolves former ruling Thai Rak Thai party and bans 111 leading party executives from holding office for five years . December 23 - Thaksin 's allies under the People 's Power Party  PPP  banner win first Thai election since 2006 coup , sending a message to the generals behind the coup that ousted Thaksin . 2008 January 28 - Parliament chooses PPP leader Samak Sundaravej as PM-elect February 28 - Thaksin is taken into police custody after returning from exile to Thailand . May 25 -- The People 's Alliance for Democracy  PAD  stages around-the-clock protests in Bangkok and become known as the "  Yellow Shirts " for their clothing . They oppose a planned change to the Constitution which would protect Thaksin and followers from corruption charges . September 9 - Constitutional court fires PM Samak Sundaravej for conflict of interest over hosting a cooking show while in office . September 17 - Lawmakers elect Thaksin 's brother-in-law Somchai Wongsawat , a deputy of the People 's Power Party  PPP  , as prime minister . October 21 - Thaksin is convicted of corruption over a land deal while in office and sentenced in absentia to two years imprisonment . He lives in London since fleeing the country in August and skipping a court appearance . November 27 -- Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat declares state of emergency at Bangkok 's two main airports , which were occupied by Yellow Shirt protesters . Thousands of passengers get stranded . December 2 - Thailand 's Constitutional Court dissolves the ruling PPP after finding the party committed electoral fraud in the December 2007 election . December 15 - Parliament chooses opposition leader Abhisit Vejjajiva of the Democrat Party as the new prime minister , while supporters of the former PPP and Thaksin protest outside . Those protesters , known as the Red Shirts for their clothing , say Abhisit was not democratically elected . 2009 April 13 - Two people are killed and at least 113 wounded in violence amid clashes between anti-government protesters and pro-Thaksin supporters . Thaksin says he is willing to return from exile . November 10 - Thaksin arrives in Cambodia to begin new job as economic adviser , straining relations between the two countries . 2010 February 26 - Thai Supreme Court finds Thaksin guilty of abuse of power and seizes $ 1.4 billion of his assets . March 12 - Red Shirt protesters take to the streets of Bangkok , demanding new elections and saying Abhisit was not democratically elected . April 7 - Abhisit declares a state of emergency in Bangkok and nearby provinces after anti-government demonstrators storm parliament . April 12 - Thai election commission recommends dissolution of ruling party , accusing the Democrat Party of accepting an $ 8 million campaign donation from a private company and mishandling funds . The party vows to fight the allegations . April 16 - Abhisit hands security operations over to the military after three Red Shirt leaders escape from a hotel surrounded by security forces April 22 - Grenade attacks at protests kill one person and leave dozens wounded . May 3 - Government offers to hold elections in November , if Red Shirts end protest in commercial center May 12 - Government says it will shut off power , cut supplies and seal off the central Bangkok intersection where Red Shirt protesters have amassed . The tactic comes after demonstrators disregard an ultimatum from Abhisit to vacate the area . May 13 - Militant anti-government faction leader Maj. Gen. Khattiya Sawasdipol is shot in the head while talking to reporters , sparking several days of clashes . May 19 - Security forces surge into Lumpini Park in largest crackdown on protesters since demonstrations began ; two people are killed . May 25 - Thai court issues warrant for Thaksin on terrorism charges connected to the protests . Thaksin 's attorney said the charges violated "  logic , law and any claim of hopes for reconciliation . " June 2 - Abhisit survives no-confidence vote after accusations of excessive force against anti-government protesters during a crackdown on May 19 . November 29 - Thailand 's Constitutional Court dismisses case alleging the Democrat Party had misused campaign funding . The ruling party could have been disbanded if found guilty . December 21 - Thai Cabinet agrees to lift state of emergency implemented in April for Bangkok and three surrounding provinces . 2011 May 9 - King Bhumibol approves Abhisit 's request to dissolve the lower chamber of Parliament , paving way for new elections . Yingluck Shinawatra , younger sister of the ousted prime minister , jumps into the race as a candidate to unseat Abhisit . July 3 - Abhisit concedes election , congratulating Yingluck as "  Thailand 's first female prime minister . " CNN 's Melissa Hassett contributed to this report .	Vote on Sunday is first general election since 2007 Since then two prime ministers of the People 's Power Party were removed , party banned Parliamentary vote in 2008 put Democrat Party leader Abhisit Vejjajiva in office He faces Yingluck Shinawatra , sister of ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra
CNN  -- The pastor of a non-denominational church in Argyle , Texas , passed around the collection plate to his congregants earlier this year -- and asked them to take money from it . Donations at the Cross Timbers Community Church had slumped because of the economic downturn . Pastor Toby Slough thought that his congregants had to be hurting , too . His gesture , instead , was met with an unexpected response : The church had its highest offering ever . It was a eureka moment for Slough : Give away money to those who need it , knowing his church members will help fill the need . "  In these economic times , we ca n't be so into church business that we forget what our business is , and that is to help people , " Slough told CNN television affiliate KDAF in Dallas-Forth Worth , Texas . In the past two months , the 9-year-old church has done just that : handed out a half-million dollars to members and non-members who are struggling . Watch pastor on rip off concerns " "  We 've taken $ 200,000 and spread it out to organizations -- four local , two missions that are feeding and clothing people in these tough times , " Slough said . "  We 've paid utility bills for members of our church that are unemployed or under-employed . " His favorite giveaway came three weeks ago . The church gave 1,400 families $ 50 each and told them to hand it out to someone else . One of the recipients was Katie Lewis . "  I 've been alone so long . Just to be thought of and to be remembered , to be welcomed -- it 's amazing , " she said , crying . Church members are pleasantly surprised . "  You do n't hear about a church giving money away , " Amy Sullivan said . Slough said he is not concerned if people try to take advantage of the church 's generosity . "  I told my church a couple weeks ago , if I 'm not being taken advantage of , I 'm not being like Jesus , " he said . The church has now formed a group to look into the best ways to give out money . And , Slough said , it plans on doing so as long as there is a need in the community .	Economy led to diminished donations at the Cross Timbers Community Church Pastor decides to give away money to those who need it Result was highest amount of donations ever for the church
Kentucky  CNN  -- Michael Matz has spent a lifetime working with horses -- first as a member of the U.S. showjumping team that won the silver medal at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics , and more recently as a trainer of racehorses . But he will always be remembered for just one : Barbaro . The bay colt with the white star on his forehead and bullet-like speed captured the hearts of the American public when he won the Kentucky Derby by seven lengths in 2006 -- but then dramatically broke down in the Preakness Stakes , the second leg of thoroughbred racing 's Triple Crown . "  I think he had that presence about him , " says Matz , his eyes tearing up as he remembers the popular champion . Those who were at Kentucky 's Churchill Downs that May day in 2006 would have been forgiven for thinking that they had just witnessed the second coming of 1973 Triple Crown winner Secretariat as Barbaro took control of the race coming off the last bend . "  And here comes Barbaro ! " roared the track announcer as 120,000 people got to their feet to cheer him home . "  The jock  Edgar Prado  never hit him with the whip , " Matz recalls . "  He was still going as he crossed the finish line . And that 's when I thought we could have a Triple Crown winner . " The holy grail of horse racing was always going to be a big ask . Made up of the Kentucky Derby , the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes , only 11 horses have ever completed the treble , and the most recent of these was Affirmed back in 1978 . But the omens seemed to be in Barbaro 's favor as the day of the Preakness dawned . Matze 's assistant Peter Brette galloped him that morning -- "  and he could n't have galloped any more beautifully . " "  They 're going to have to have wings to catch this horse today , " Brette told his boss . But then Barbaro did something he had never done before . After loading into stall six , the horse burst through the gate before the starter 's bell , slamming into the mechanical doors with enough power to force them open . Although he was checked over by a vet and eventually reloaded , in many ways Barbaro 's race was over before it began . Breaking from the starting gates for the second time that day , he ran just a few hundred meters before tragedy struck . Nobody knows for certain what caused it ; the most likely explanation is a simple misstep . Just one bad stride was enough to shatter his hind leg in more than 20 places . Millions watched as Barbaro pawed the ground uncomprehendingly , his dislocated back hoof dangling uselessly behind him . Although efforts were made to save the leg with pioneering surgery , Barbaro eventually had to be put down . But now , six years after Barbaro captivated the racing world with his electrifying Kentucky Derby win , Matz is back at Churchill Downs with another bay colt , Union Rags . "  In some ways they 're similar -- they 're both very competitive " the 61-year-old says . "  Union Rags has a little bit more white on his face than Barbaro did but they 're both elegant-looking horses . "  He 's big , he 's strong , he 's fast -- so far I have n't found any faults in him . I think he 's got a good chance . " Brette rides the horse every day , and he agrees that they could have a second Barbaro on their hands . "  Everything just comes easily to him . He 's a pleasure to ride . " Union Rags is among the hot favorites for Saturday 's race . And few would begrudge Matz the fairytale ending he never had with Barbaro . "  As a trainer that 's what we live for . To know that you had one horse that could win the Kentucky Derby and possibly two -- it 's a great feeling . "	U.S. horse trainer Michael Matz seeking to win his second Kentucky Derby on Saturday Matz worked with Barbaro , who became a star by winning the 132nd edition in 2006 The colt was put down after shattering his hind leg at the Preakness Stakes that year Matz has high hopes for Union Rags in the prestigious race at Churchill Downs
For Ursula Ward , visiting her son 's gravesite has become a painful yet inescapable part of her daily routine . "  He touched our lives so much , " she said . A year ago Father 's Day would be the last time they spoke . "  See you later , " she told him . In the early hours of June 17 , 2013 , Odin Lloyd was gunned down near a pile of construction waste in an industrial park . He was 27 . His body , shot seven times , was found the next afternoon by a jogger . "  My son is saying to me , ` Ma , you know I always love you , ' " Ward said at the cemetery near her home in Dorchester , Massachusetts . "  It does n't feel like it 's been a year , " Olivia Thibou said of her brother 's killing . "  It feels like it was yesterday . " Truth be told , she says , when the suspect in your brother 's death remains in the headlines , it makes it even harder to heal . The man whom prosecutors accuse of orchestrating Lloyd 's killing , former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez , remains jailed while waiting to stand trial with two co-defendants . Hernandez , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz have all pleaded not guilty . Prosecutors say there is security video of Lloyd getting into a car with the three men and driving into the industrial park where Lloyd 's body was discovered , about a half-mile from Hernandez 's North Attleboro home . Charles Rankin , an attorney for Hernandez , says he is confident his client will be exonerated . Hernandez also pleaded not guilty last month to two additional murder charges . Police say he fired a .38 - caliber handgun into a car , gunning down two strangers , Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado , in July 2012 after Abreu accidentally spilled a drink on him . Charges were brought against Hernandez in the double homicide only after evidence discovered during the Lloyd investigation led police to the now-fallen football star , according to court documents . They called him ` O ' Unlike de Abreu and Furtado , Lloyd was n't a stranger to the popular Patriots tight end . For about a year , "  O , " as Odin was called , dated a sister of Hernandez 's fiancee 's . Lloyd found himself occasionally partying with Hernandez and getting choice seats at Patriots games . For Lloyd , an unpaid semipro player for the Boston Bandits and a football fanatic , it was heaven . "  He was just talking about how  Hernandez  was a cool dude and how they talked football , " said Michael Branch , the Bandits ' assistant coach . Yet Lloyd told Branch that the Patriot 's lifestyle off the field was n't what he expected . "  For an NFL guy , he parties a lot , " Branch recalled Lloyd saying . Branch , who also coached Lloyd in high school , described his former player as a "  loving , caring , clown , loved to have fun . " "  He would light up a room , " said Branch , who continued mentoring Lloyd for years as he tried college and worked as a utility company lineman and later as a part-time landscaper . Lloyd 's two closest friends , Darryl Hodge and Daryl Sweet , knew him better than most . Now , neither will mention Hernandez by name . They say he does n't deserve to be in the same breath as their friend . At one time , however , Lloyd 's friends got a kick out of him crossing paths with one of the Patriots . "  It was a treat , " said Hodge . "  It started out like a great treat . " They describe "  O " as laid back and quick to laugh , though they say he did n't let a lot of people into his circle . "  He just wanted to focus on what really mattered . Life . Family . He was very family-driven . Always took care of his mom and his sisters , " Sweet said . Hodge and Lloyd became friends in high school . The two and Sweet were Bandits teammates . Lloyd 's two friends spent Father 's Day with him . No one could have known it would be the last day of Lloyd 's life . One of the last things he and Hodge talked about was making a run at careers they could build on . "  Bro , let 's actually do this . Let 's just not talk it , " Hodge said the friends told one another before parting . "  And that was it , " he continued . "  I 'll see you later . " Branch mourns the young man he knew for more than half of his life . He often thinks about what Lloyd overcame . "  Are there gang factions in his neighborhood ? Yes , there are . I 'm not going to lie to you . Did those involve Odin ? No . So for him to beat those odds , and here , he 's murdered in North Attleboro , it just does n't add up to me still , " Branch said . Sweet has yet to delete Lloyd 's number from his phone . "  I still text his number until the day somebody texts back and says ` this is n't Odin 's number . ' Hopefully , that day does n't come , " Sweet said . ` Win , lose , die or draw -- we lose ' Publicly , Lloyd 's mother remains silent about the details of her son 's death . But she attends every court appearance accompanied by family and friends . Her son 's girlfriend , Shaneah Jenkins , often sits with her and never with her sister Shayanna , who is Hernandez 's fiancee . Shayanna Jenkins has been charged with lying to a grand jury about the case , and she has pleaded not guilty . Lloyd 's mother prefers to focus on positive memories of her son . A few weeks before he died , she recalls , he dropped by her beauty school and heard her instructor 's praise . "  Your mom is one of the best students in this school , " Ward remembers her teacher telling Lloyd . "  My son 's face lit up , like someone just gave him a million dollars . ... And I can never ever forget that smile . Never . " On Saturday , Lloyd 's family is holding a block party not only to thank friends for their support but to raise money for a college scholarship fund in his name , in hopes of allowing someone else to live their dream . No matter what , Hodge predicts , life will never be the same . "  Win , lose , die or draw -- we lose , " he said . "  At the end of the day , if we get justice , do we really come out a winner ? I do n't think so . You do n't have that life , that voice , that personality . You do n't have that . "	It 's been one year since Odin Lloyd was killed Aaron Hernandez , charged with murder , pleaded not guilty Lloyd is remembered as a loving , caring guy who loved football "  At the end of the day , if we get justice , do we really come out a winner ? " friend of Lloyd 's asks
CNN  -- What will the internet of the future look like ? And what purpose will it be used for ? From augmented reality , which anticipates the information you 'll want just by looking at an object , to smart services that use artificial intelligence to help us manage our workloads , the look , feel and utility of the internet of 2040 is a wide open field . Already advances in virtual reality technology - Facebook notably bought the virtual reality start-up Oculus VR for $ 2bn this year - are beginning to change the way we deal with everything from medical science , to military training , to learning difficulties . To what extent , however , we 'll have control over our own data is one of the future 's great unanswered questions . For many the future of the internet is already here ; and it looks a lot like it did in 1990s . Called the Darknet , this anonymised section of the net allows everyone from copyright pirates , to drug dealers , to dissidents to communicate and do business without fear of leaving their digital fingerprints . Special browser Jamie Bartlett , whose book "  The Dark Net " investigates the digital underworld , told CNN that this opaque and subversive world is inaccessible through normal browsers , and requires special software . "  A special browser called Tor allows a user to browse the internet without their IP address being given away , " Bartlett said . "  It uses a clever encryption system that means no one can see what computer a user is on . " This same encryption system also affords anonymity to the websites that inhabit this corner of the web , meaning that governments and law enforcers have no idea where the site is being hosted . That does n't mean that the individuals running these operations can forever remain hidden , as the capture of the creator of "  Silk Road " , a famous illegal online marketplace , by the FBI in 2013 demonstrates . Still , the tools to make life difficult for law enforcement seem to be there : "  Anyone can set up these websites which are almost impossible to shut down and censor , " he said . "  As a result it 's a bit of a Wild West -- more or less anything goes . "  You 've got illegal pornography there , these drugs markets there , assassination markets and hit men for hire . All sorts of terrible stuff but also all sorts of good stuff too . "  Democratic revolutionaries , whistle blowers , human rights activists who are also concerned about giving away their location also want somewhere where they can post stuff illegally and anonymously . " U.S. military Bartlett said the browser was initially developed by the U.S. military as a way of traversing the internet secretly , but since then had become an open source project . He suggests the military released the encrypted browser as a way of providing cover for their operations . Because the Tor browser uses a non-standard protocol , people observing network traffic can identify it easily even if they ca n't see what the user is looking at . "  They realised that this is not a good idea if the only people using it are the US military -- it 's going to be obvious who they are . For that reason , they turned it into an open source project . " Today , the Darknet is moving from fringe to mainstream , attracting anyone who wants anonymity -- be they hired killers or humble bloggers . Back to the future For Bartlett , the Darknet is a return to the labrynthine recesses of the first days of the worldwide web . He said the future of the net is likely to be an increased proliferation of these non-standard protocols that provide ever deeper levels of anonymity . "  It really feels like the early days of the internet ...  everything  is hosted on these rudimentary networks . It 's like the internet of the early 90s when things were n't indexed the way they are now . "  Everything is hyperlinked together and Google can find everything , but back in the day the whole internet was dark -- you did n't know what you were doing or where you were going . "  You even used to write down web addresses on pieces of paper and pass them to each other . " Art project Just what can be found on the Darknet is often the subject of wild conjecture , but a recent project launched by the ! Mediengruppe Bitnik art collective -- called "  The Darknet -- From Memes to Onionland " - shows exactly what is on offer on the Internet 's underbelly . Arming an automated internet bot with US$ 100 in bitcoins  the crypto-currency accepted as legal tender on many illicit marketplaces  the "  Random Darknet Shopper " trawls its murky corners and every week buys one item at random . So far , the bot has purchased a "  stash can " of Sprite that doubles as a hiding place for either drugs or money , a platinum Visa card for $ 35 , 10 Ecstasy Pills from Germany for US$ 48 , 10 packets of Chesterfield cigarettes from Moldova , and many other items such as jeans , "  designer " bags , and books . One of the most intriguing pieces for the exhibitors at the Kunst Halle St. Gallen gallery in St. Gallen , Switzerland -- where all the parcels arrive -- has been a fireman 's set of skeleton keys from the United Kingdom . "  Our first question was what do you do with this ? What does it open ? " Carmen Weisskopf , co-founder of the art collective , told CNN . On the Darknet , the keys are advertised as useful for unlocking toolboxes or "  gaining access to communal gates and storage areas . " ` Thrilling and scary ' She said receiving the parcels at the gallery was at once "  thrilling and scary . " "  The motivation for the artwork really came in the light of the Snowden revelations - for internet artists it meant we had to re-evaluate the networks we work in . We became really interested in looking at these anonymous and encrypted networks from an artistic point of view . " She said the starting point for them had been how to build trust in an anonymous network . The project has already dented the levels of trust at the art collective who early on in the project called in the services of a lawyer to shore up their legal position should the bot turn up anything that puts them outside the law . Fortunately , Weisskopf said , firearm sales are limited to clients within the United States . "  That 's why we got the idea of going into marketplaces because trust is something you need to build in markets . " The artists have already gained notoriety by sending a parcel to fugitive whistleblower Julian Assange . The parcel was equipped with a cam that recorded its journey through the postal service to the Ecuadorian Embassy in London where Assange is currently holed up . Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : The first ever 3D-printer President The hottest apps in tech right now China 's impact on the future of e-commerce	The Darknet is an anonymised section of the net where users can operate without leaving their digital fingerprints The Darknet attracts the internet 's fringe dwellers , from criminal syndicates to human rights activists and dissidents An art group has armed an internet bot to spend $ 100 in bitcoins a week on random articles So far the bot as bought everything from cigarettes to illicit drugs
CNN  George Zimmerman was arrested , again , this month in the suspected aggravated assault of a girlfriend . And , again , a Florida prosecutor has opted not to press formal charges -- after the alleged victim backed off her claims . State Attorney Phil Archer , whose jurisdiction includes Brevard and Seminole counties , announced Friday that his office wo n't file charges against Zimmerman , who first came to the world 's attention for his arrest and eventual acquittal in the 2012 shooting death of African-American teenager Trayvon Martin . Friday 's announcement relates to the 31-year-old 's arrest in Lake Mary , Florida , on January 9 . "  While it clear that the officers had probable cause to arrest Mr. Zimmerman , which was affirmed by the circuit court judge at initial appearances , the subsequent recantation by the  alleged  victim of her initial statement along with new documents provided by the victim and her attorney precludes my office from proceeding further , " Archer said . Zimmerman attorney Don West had told reporters that his client was accused of throwing a wine bottle at a girlfriend . Police learned about it days later after coming "  in contact with the  alleged  victim at a traffic stop , " Lake Mary police spokeswoman Bianca Gillett said . The woman has since denied that Zimmerman threw a bottle or that she ever feared him , according to a statement Friday from Lake Mary police . "  She also made it clear that she did not want to proceed with the case , " said police , noting that Lake Mary police Chief Steve Bracknell "  concurred with Archer 's decision . " "  A lack of eyewitnesses or other corroborating evidence to dispute her version of the incident also contributed to the decision . " This is the latest instance since July 2013 -- when a jury found him not guilty of murder in Martin 's death -- that Zimmerman has had a run-in with the law , only to have authorities decide not to push for a trial . About two weeks after the verdict , he was pulled over for speeding in northern Texas . Much bigger troubles came in November 2013 , when Zimmerman was taken into custody at his then-girlfriend 's Apopka , Florida , home after the two allegedly had a heated fight . He was arrested then on aggravated assault and misdemeanor counts of domestic violence battery and criminal mischief , accusations , posting $ 9,000 bail days later . But after the girlfriend asked that the issue be dropped , Archer announced that prosecutors would not press charges . Gillett has said the woman in the more recent instance "  is not the same  woman  as in 2013 . " Also , in September 2014 , Lake Mary police said that a man claimed Zimmerman threatened him during a road rage incident saying "  I will ... kill you , " and "  Do you know who I am ? " He was not arrested and has not been charged . Talking about the aggravated assault cases , West said earlier this month of his client : "  It 's clear he has n't been very lucky with the ladies the last few months . " The lawyer also said then that Zimmerman does n't have a full-time job , implying that he 's had his struggles since the Martin case -- which made him into a national lightning rod when it came to the merits of "  Stand Your Ground " laws and matters of race . "  It 's been a devastating experience that he 's had that he 's working through , " the lawyer said . " ... I 'm concerned , obviously . " CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	A Florida opts not file a formal aggravated assault charge against George Zimmerman A girlfriend recants her claim that Zimmerman threw a bottle at her , she feared him He became a national lightning rod after being charged , acquitted in Trayvon Martin 's death
CNN  -- Bahraini authorities have released more than 140 detainees , including two ranking former opposition members of Parliament and a prominent opposition lawyer , government officials said . The two former MP 's are members of the largest Shiite opposition group , Al-Wefaq , which resigned from Parliament in February over the killing of pro-reform protesters , most of whom were Shiites . Former Al Wefaq MPs Matar Matar and Jawad Fairuz were "  tortured " while in the custody of Bahraini national security forces , Matar said . Following an interrogation with a military prosecutor , Matar said he , Fairuz and a few others were taken to what he believes was a military site . They were brought to an open area outside and told to raise their hands . Approximately five men began to beat them with sticks for about 30 minutes , Matar said . The beating took place after Matar said he had completed answering questions from a military investigator . The security forces "  did n't want information . " They wanted to "  send a message that we have a green light , " to do whatever they want , Matar said . Nabeel Rajab , president of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights , said he believes -- based on what people previously in detention have told him -- about 98 percent of people in custody had suffered physically abuse , including beatings , elect shocks and sexual assaults . "  No one was immune ... very rarely will you find someone who was not abused , " Rajab said . There have other been credible allegations of torture by Bahraini security forces from human rights groups , including Physicians for Human Rights . Bahrain has not yet responded to a query regarding the treatment of the two former MPs while in Bahraini custody . Matar also claims he was physically abused on one other occasion and he was often interrogated for long hours and denied sleep . My time in detention "  was a very tough period for me and my family , " he said . But he still feels like a "  hostage . " They have released us , but they "  can come and take us at any time . " Matar , who represented the biggest constituency in Bahrain , and Fairuz , a key lawmaker for Al Wefaq , are charged with spreading lies in an attempt to help overthrow the government . Matar had been held in detention since he was taken from his car by armed men May 2 . Fairuz was taken seperately on the same day . Mohamed al-Tajir , a human rights lawyer , was also among those released Sunday . Bahrain 's ruling Khalifa family is Sunni Muslim , but about two-thirds of the country 's people are Shiite . Some detainees were released for legal reasons , according to Bahrain 's state media . Suspects in misdemeanor cases had already spent as much time in detention as potential sentences would amount to if convicted , Bahrain News Agency reported . Matar is not sure if he or Fairuz face further court hearings . Scores of detainees , including at least two women , went on hunger strikes to protest their continued detention without trial , activists said . Protests demanding political reform and greater freedoms for the Shiite majority began on February 14 . Police turned teargas and firearms on protesters , who had occupied the Pearl Roundabout , an iconic landmark . Thirty-three people have died since the unrest began , activists say . Four policemen were also killed , according to the Interior Ministry . A military court has handed down harsh prison sentences from two years to the death penalty for charges including murder and attempting to overthrow the regime . More than 2,500 people have fired from their jobs for allegedly taking part in the protests , according to the Bahrain Workers ' Trade Union . Bahrain is a strategically important nation to the United States , and it is home to the U.S. Navy 's 5th Fleet . Jennifer Fenton contributed to this report	NEW : One of two former MPs says he , colleague were "  tortured " Detainees had gone on hunger strike to protest detention without trial Protests demanding political reform began on February 14 Bahrain is a strategically important nation to the United States
CNN  -- San Francisco police have arrested a suspect who they say stole a $ 200,000 Picasso piece Tuesday from the Weinstein Gallery , according to a police statement . Mark Lugo , 30 , was arrested Thursday in Napa , California . His bail has been set at $ 5 million dollars , police said . Lugo has been charged with six separate counts including burglary , grand theft and possession of controlled substance without prescription , according to a police statement . Around 11:40 a.m. Tuesday , the Lugo allegedly entered the Weinstein Gallery , walked straight to the painting , removed it , and walked out , San Francisco police said . He then entered a cab that appeared to be waiting and drove away . The owner of Lefty O'Doul 's , a nearby restaurant , told police Wednesday he thought he captured the suspect on the restaurant 's surveillance camera . The video shows a man walking with what looks like a painting under his arm at the same time the gallery reported the theft , CNN affiliate KGO reports . The man captured in the video matched the description police released yesterday , KGO said . "  It 's pretty high resolution and I 'm sure if they post this on the air that someone will recognize this guy and find him , " said the restaurants owner , Nick Bovis Wednesday . Investigators described the video as "  very clear " but they have n't said if they used the tape to identify the suspect . The stolen artwork is a pencil-and-paper piece by Picasso entitled "  Tete de Femme , " or "  Head of a Woman . " The piece is a unique piece drawn in 1965 and valued around $ 200,000 . Gallery owner Roland Weinstein said he 's always attempted to bring original works by artists like Picasso and and Mark Chagall to the street level so that they are easily available to the public . "  We just need to do a better job in the future to make sure our security is in place , " Weinstein said . Investigators have interviewed the cab driver and impounded the vehicle . All San Francisco cabs have surveillance videos and police are monitoring the tapes for the suspect .	New : Police arrested Mark Lugo in Napa , California . Lugo is accused of stealing a Picasso painting , "  Tete de Femme " Lugo has been charged with six separate counts The piece is valued at $ 200,000
CNN  -- A victim in the sexual abuse case against Jerry Sandusky has sued Penn State University , saying he could n't reach a settlement with the university over claims that the longtime assistant football coach abused him . The man , known only as "  Victim 9 , " is one of 10 victims who were part of the criminal trial , in which the Nittany Lions ' former defensive coordinator was convicted on 45 counts of sexual abuse in June 2012 . Since the trial , 26 men have settled claims with Penn State totaling $ 59.7 million in connection with the Sandusky scandal , the university announced last month . Sandusky , currently serving a 30 - to 60-year sentence , has always maintained that he is innocent and wrongly convicted of abusing young boys he met through his charity , The Second Mile . Sandusky raises another appeal Many of the victims were abused on Penn State 's campus , and some even after two incidents allegedly were brought to the university 's attention -- once in 1998 and again in 2001 . Victim 9 was raped repeatedly starting in 2005 when he was 12 years old , and ending around the time that another victim 's allegations finally started a police investigation into Sandusky 's decades of abuse . "  By the time this boy was introduced to Sandusky on the Penn State Campus , the top administrators at Penn State knew that Sandusky was a sexual predator , " the man 's attorney , Stephen E. Raynes , said in a press release . "  It 's now clear that Penn State enabled Sandusky to sexually abuse more than twenty other children before Sandusky preyed on this boy . Each of those tragic assaults provided Penn State with the opportunity to stop Sandusky , opportunities which Penn State squandered . We will learn through this lawsuit why that happened and what additional lessons Penn State should learn from this tragic episode in its history . " Penn State paying $ 59.7 million to settle Sandusky cases Raynes said Victim 9 tried to negotiate a settlement with Penn State , but the university refused "  to compensate him adequately for what he needs and deserves . " Penn State 's former president , vice president and athletic director are all awaiting trial on charges they lied to a grand jury , obstructed justice and failed to report allegations of abuse reported to them in 2001 . The abuse scandal resulted in the dismissal , in November 2011 , of legendary head coach Joe Paterno amid allegations that he failed to respond forcefully enough to reports of Sandusky 's crimes . Paterno died just weeks later , on January 22 , 2012 , at age 85 . Penn State has said a few other claims by Sandusky victims have not yet been settled . Investigators may take 2nd look at high school where Jerry Sandusky coached	"  Victim 9 " was one of 10 victims in the Jerry Sandusky sexual abuse case He claims he was unable to reach a settlement with Penn State University 26 men have settled claims totaling $ 59.7 million , the university said in October Sandusky was convicted in 2012 in a case that scandalized the fabled college football program
CNN  -- Onne van der Wal was born to be on the water -- and after witnessing decades of incredible sailing innovations , the renowned photographer now feels like he 's an "  astronaut of the sea . " "  It 's more like space travel and I love it , " the Dutchman says of yachting 's extraordinary technological progress over the past 30 years . While he has n't quite had to reach for a helmet and suit , the boats which van der Wal now sails on are light years away from those which he used to frequent as a youngster . The America 's Cup competition , in particular , has taken advantage of innovative materials such as carbon fiber and Kevlar , which were used on the International Space Station and the Space Shuttle orbiter , to create futuristic racing machines . "  When I started racing large sailboats offshore , the sails were made of Dacron , one click up from canvas , " van der Wal told CNN . "  The masts were built of aluminum or wood , and the hulls were built of aluminum or fiberglass . "  Today it 's all about carbon-fiber boats -- lighter , stiffer , faster -- and the spars  used in rigging  are taller , skinnier , stiffer and smaller sections . "  The sails are laminated , made of carbon or Kevlar , have perfect shape , keep their shape for longer periods of time , have a wider wind range and most importantly are much lighter and easier to handle . " Van der Wal made his first real foray into the world of sailing photography after taking part in the 1981 Round the World Race -- an event now known as the Volvo Ocean Race . A keen sailor as a child and teenager , the sea was a second home to the Dutchman , who was brought up in Hout Bay , South Africa . While working on commercial fishing vessels and maintaining race boats , van der Wal spent much of his spare time sailing -- crossing the Atlantic more than 10 times as well as racing in several other events . But it is that race some 33 years ago which is etched into his memory -- a relic from sailing 's past which gave little clue as what was to follow . "  When I did the Round the World race it was an adventure ; the same race is now a business run by professionals and sailed by well-paid professionals , " he recalls . "  If you want to see a change in sailing , look at the America 's Cup . The boats they now sail are so extreme , very cool , but talk about light years from just 10 years ago . "  Then the top speed of the boat was about 15 miles per hour and nowadays they 're hitting 50 mph . "  Foiling 72-foot catamarans with wing masts , space-age stuff built of all carbon , now that 's a change in what was yachting . It still is but it sure does n't look and feel like it . " After being approached to take photographs by Sail Magazine during the 1981 race , van der Wal soon discovered he possessed a talent few others could equal . The thrill of combining his love of sailing with his penchant for photography has taken him as far north as Spitsbergen in the Norwegian Arctic and as far south as Antarctica . Now living in Newport , Rhode Island with his wife and three children , van der Wal has continued to produce some of the most beautiful images that the sailing world has seen . His new book "  Sailing , " which includes nearly 200 color photographs and five gatefolds of panoramic images , showcases work from across the globe . "  I 'm so lucky to do a job I love , " he says . "  I 've had some wonderful experiences . "  There are times where you are barely afloat and have the gales blowing . There have been some scary moments , but to get the pictures you have to go through all of that . "  If you stay at home you wo n't get those photos . " The advances in technology have not only helped the experienced professionals -- the amateur photographer is now better equipped than ever . Smartphone cameras and DSLRs make taking photos easier than ever , and van der Wal believes these developments can only be good for photography in the long run . "  We 've come a hell of a long way since film , " he adds . "  The change has been radical and has not only dramatically changed photography for the professionals but brought it to the masses as well . "  Everybody now shoots be it with smartphone or a DSLR . The pictures are better , sharper , better color , no grain , super sensitive in low light -- you can shoot by candle light if needed . "  You can blow up the images to the size of a billboard and to top it all off it 's so much easier to do . "  The tools we have today make for much better photography for everyone , and I love it . "	Onne van der Wal is one of world 's most famous sailing photographers Born in the Netherlands , he moved to South Africa as a child He started taking pictures of sailing while on 1981-82 race around the world Sailed north to Spitsbergen in the Norwegian Arctic and as far south as Antarctica
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama will take a break from campaigning Thursday so he can visit his ailing grandmother in Hawaii , an Obama spokesman said Monday . Sen. Barack Obama will take a break from campaigning so he can visit his ailing grandmother . "  Sen. Obama 's grandmother Madelyn Dunham has always been one of the most important people in his life , " spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters . "  In the last few weeks , her health has deteriorated to the point where her situation is very serious . It is for that reason that Sen. Obama has decided to change his schedule on Thursday and Friday so that he can see her and spend some time with her , " Gibbs said . The interruption will cause Obama to cancel Thursday events in Madison , Wisconsin and Des Moines , Iowa . He will do an event in Indianapolis , Indiana , Thursday morning before leaving and will return to the campaign Saturday , Gibbs said . Michelle Obama will fill in for her husband on Friday at previously scheduled events in Columbus and Akron , Ohio , his campaign said . Obama speaks about his grandmother often on the stump , describing her as an integral figure in his youth who struggled against the glass ceiling in to make a better life for him . "  She 's the one who put off buying a new car or a new dress for herself so that I could have a better life , " he said in his acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention in August . "  She poured everything she had into me . And although she can no longer travel , I know that she 's watching tonight , and that tonight is her night as well . " He and his family traveled to Hawaii in August to visit her . The Obama team made the announcement after a busy day of trading attacks with Sen. John McCain on the Democratic presidential hopeful 's readiness for office . Monday also marked the first time that Obama appeared with Sen. Hillary Clinton during the general election season . Clinton went to Florida , a state she won in the primary but whose delegates she could not claim , to urge her supporters to turn out for Obama on Election Day . Clinton called Orlando and central Florida "  the battleground of the battleground " and practically begged the crowd to vote early . "  We are 15 days from the finish line and we can not falter , we can not stop , we can not take a single vote for granted , " Clinton said Monday . "  I am asking you to work as hard for Barack as you worked for me . If you made phone calls for me , make them for Barack . If you walked streets for me , make them for Barack . If you talked to your friends and neighbors for me , do it again for Barack . We can not risk four more years of the same failed Republican policies . " Earlier in the day , McCain told a crowd in Belton , Missouri , that the next president "  wo n't have time to get used to the office . " He was addressing comments made Sunday by Obama 's running mate , Sen. Joe Biden , in which he said Obama would be tested within the first six months of his presidency . "  We do n't want a president who invites testing from the world at a time when our economy is in crisis and Americans are already fighting in two wars , " McCain said . "  What is more troubling is that Sen. Biden told their campaign donors that when that crisis hits , they would have to stand with them because it would n't be apparent Sen. Obama would have the right response . The Obama-Biden campaign released a pre-emptive response after reading McCain 's scheduled remarks . "  With our nation facing two wars and 21st century threats abroad , Sen. Biden referenced the simple fact that history shows presidents face challenges from day one , " Obama spokesman David Wade said . "  After eight years of a failed foreign policy , we need Barack Obama 's good judgment and steady leadership , not the erratic and ideological Bush-McCain approach that has set back our security and standing in the world . " Earlier Monday , Obama denounced the "  say-anything , do-anything politics " of McCain 's camp , but said "  careless , outrageous comments " wo n't distract him from addressing the nation 's ills . Obama added that Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , McCain 's running mate , rejected some of the tactics when she spoke out against a flood of automated phone calls tying Obama to former radical William Ayers . The calls were reported in several battleground states . "  It 's getting so bad that even Sen. McCain 's running mate denounced his tactics last night , " Obama said at a campaign event in Tampa , Florida . "  As you know , you really have to work hard to violate Gov. Palin 's standards on negative campaigning . " Sunday night , Palin told reporters traveling with her that if she had her way , the McCain campaign and the Republican National Committee would not be flooding battleground states with the automated phone calls , which she said the Obama campaign was using too . Over the next 15 days , Obama said Monday , he will continue his quest for the Oval Office while disregarding the divisive politics that he said McCain is endorsing "  to keep us from working together . " The McCain campaign , meanwhile , continued its weekend assault on Obama 's tax plan , which it called an attempt to "  spread the wealth . " iReport.com : Send your questions for Sen. John McCain Speaking at a campaign event in St. Charles , Missouri , a chorus of boos rang out as the Arizona senator described his take on the plan . "  He believes in redistributing wealth -- not in policies that grow our economy and create jobs and opportunities for all Americans . Sen. Obama is more interested in controlling who gets your piece of the pie than in growing the pie . " In Colorado Springs , Colorado , Palin also continued her line of attack from the weekend , but softened her tone in that she did n't call Obama 's plan socialism . Watch Palin say Obama sounds like a socialist " Over the weekend , Palin and Sen. Mel Martinez , a Cuban-American GOP senator from Florida , called Obama 's plan socialism . Martinez compared the plan to the tax structure in communist Cuba . McCain has taken a softer tone . On Sunday , he dodged a question from Fox News ' Chris Wallace about whether Obama was a socialist , but said his rival 's tax plan was an effort "  to spread the wealth . " "  That 's one of the tenets of socialism , " McCain said . Watch Obama defend his plan " Obama 's tax plan calls for tax relief for 95 percent of workers and their families . Though nonpartisan tax policy organizations agree that 40 percent of Americans do n't pay income tax , many of those are lower-income earners who file payroll taxes through their employers . See the fact check After receiving an endorsement from Colin Powell , a former Republican secretary of state and retired Army general , Obama asked if Powell and billionaire Warren Buffett -- No. 2 on Forbes magazine 's 2008 list of richest Americans -- would have extended their backing if he was a socialist . Watch Obama explain Powell 's influence " Obama said he simply wants to give the middle class a tax cut . Powell came to Obama 's defense after endorsing the senator from Illinois . Powell said he had grown tired of McCain 's negative campaigning and that the American people would prefer to focus on issues like education , infrastructure and the economy . He specifically slammed Palin 's allegation that Obama 's tax plan is socialist , calling it misleading . iReport.com : What do you think about Powell 's endorsement ? "  For us to say that makes you a socialist , I think , is an unfortunate characterization that is n't accurate . "	NEW : Sen. Hillary Clinton urges Floridians to back Obama in appearance with him Obama will leave campaign trail Thursday after Indiana stop and return Saturday Rest of Thursday events canceled ; Michelle Obama will stand in on Friday McCain references Biden comment that Obama will be tested with early crisis
CNN Student News  -- September 7 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  New Zealand  Guatemala  Chile Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Well , there 's a new technology out that makes annoying noises to try to stop people from loitering . But is it targeting teens ? You 'll hear all about it in today 's edition of CNN Student News . You viewers who 've been with us since the beginning of the school year : We hope you had a good Labor Day weekend . To you viewers who are just joining us : Welcome to a new year and a new year 's worth of news from CNN Student News . I 'm Carl Azuz . Let 's go ahead and get started . First Up : Focus on the Economy U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Eight million Americans lost their jobs in this recession . And even though we 've had eight straight months of private sector job growth , the new jobs have n't been coming fast enough . Now , here 's the honest truth , the plain truth : there 's no silver bullet ; there 's no quick fix to these problems . AZUZ : President Obama , spending part of the Labor Day weekend talking about jobs in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . It 's part of a White House plan to put a spotlight on the U.S. economy . During yesterday 's speech , the president talked about transportation projects : rebuilding roads , building and maintaining railways , working on airport runways . He says that all of that would help create jobs and help the country 's economy . Now creating jobs , definitely a big priority . The government just released the latest unemployment numbers last week . And unemployment is at 9.6 percent . That is up one-tenth of a percent from the previous month , and it 's been right around that same range since May . Congress would have to approve all of the president 's proposed transportation projects . And some analysts do n't think there 's any chance of that happening soon . A recent CNN poll shows almost 60 percent of Americans disapprove of how President Obama is handling the economy . Forty percent give him a thumbs up . Midterm Elections AZUZ : Jobs and the economy : probably going to be big factors in this year 's midterm elections . We are less than two months away from the big day , November 2nd . No one 's running for president , but there are a lot of congressional seats up for grabs . That includes every seat in the U.S. House of Representatives , all 435 of 'em . Plus , 37 of the 100 U.S. Senate seats , and 37 states will be electing governors , too . So , where do things stand ? In a new CNN/Opinion Research Corporation Poll , around 1,000 people were asked what 's called a "  generic ballot " question . It does n't have names on it ; it just asks , "  Would you vote for a Republican or a Democrat ? " 52 percent said they would vote for a Republican . 45 percent said they 'd vote for a Democrat . Back to that point about the economy being a major concern . According to another CNN poll , 81 percent of Americans think the U.S. economy is in poor shape . 18 percent think that the economy is doing well . Those opinions , probably gon na impact how some people vote . Blowout Preventer Raised AZUZ : You see that thing coming out of the water ? It 's called a blowout preventer , and it 's supposed to shut down an oil or gas well if anything goes wrong . This one did n't ; it failed , and a lot of experts think that 's what led to the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . Officials who are investigating that spill want to examine the blowout preventer to find out why it failed . A new one is in place on top of the oil well . Once it 's been tested and approved , authorities can drill the last few feet of a relief well that 's gon na seal up the original well for good . I.D. Me JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm an island nation that 's located in the South Pacific Ocean . You 'll find me southeast of Australia , my biggest trading partner . I 'm home to about 4 million people , who are sometimes called Kiwis . I 'm New Zealand , and my capital city is Wellington . New Zealand Quake AZUZ : Parts of New Zealand are trying to recover from a massive earthquake that hit over the weekend . A couple people had serious injuries . Around 100 others had minor bumps and cuts . Luckily , there were no immediate reports of any deaths . But there is a lot of damage , as you can see here . The government has gotten 5,000 claims for damaged properties . A lot of those are for houses . The earthquake had a magnitude of 7.1 . It struck early Saturday morning . There have been some pretty strong aftershocks since then , too . Experts say those aftershocks could keep coming for a week . Guatemala Landslides AZUZ : Over in the Central American nation of Guatemala , people are struggling through the strongest rain in 60 years . More than 40,000 Guatemalans are at risk . What happens is the powerful rain storms cause landslides . Dozens of Guatemalans have been killed or hurt . In one spot , a landslide knocked some vehicles off the road , and when people nearby came to help , another one hit the exact same location . Thousands of homes have been damaged . Fields full of crops have been washed out . The country 's president declared a national emergency over the weekend . He also said Monday would be a day of mourning . Chile Miners AZUZ : In Chile , officials are working to get 33 men out of a mine they 've been trapped in for more than a month . These officials have a plan , a back-up plan , and a back-up , back-up plan . And they 're gon na run all three at the same time . You can see the miners in this video . They seem to be in good spirits . Now , Plan A is to drill straight down to the shelter these guys are in . That could take several months . Plan B is to drill at an angle . That could take about half the time . Plan C is to use an oil drill . That could be the fastest option , but it wo n't be ready until later this month . What 's the Word ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : What 's the Word ? to hang around or stay in one place for no apparent reason LOITER That 's the word ! Anti-Loitering Device AZUZ : So , loitering might not seem like a big deal . We 've all probably spent time hanging out at the mall . Store owners might see loitering differently . If you 're loitering , more often than not , you 're not shopping . And in some cases , loiterers can drive away business . One mall is trying a sonic solution to drive away loiterers . But as Brian Todd tells us , some people are sounding off in opposition . BEGIN VIDEO BRIAN TODD , CNN CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. : It can cause a high-pitched headache , and that 's by design . Just outside the Gallery Place subway stop in Washington , the Mosquito beeps often . But is it indiscriminate ? This anti-loitering device was placed here after a big street brawl , but the property managers and the Mosquito 's distributor both tell CNN the noisemaker does n't target young people . Still , the distributor says teenagers happen to do the most loitering , and he says the sound is most effective for the stage of life when humans can hear the highest pitches . MIKE GIBSON , MOVING SOUND TECHNOLOGIES : The Mosquito , when activated , emits a sound at 17.5 kilohertz , which is at the high end of the youth hearing range , 13 to 25-year-old hearing range . When a youth hears the sound , they find it extremely annoying and will leave the area in a few minutes . TODD : At Gallery Place , we saw some young people getting irritated . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Can you hear it ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Probably would n't shop at any of these shops if I heard it again . TODD : Why not ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE : It 's too annoying . It gave me a headache . TODD : There are settings on the Mosquito that can be heard by older age groups . I played the sound off a computer in our newsroom near several people in their 20s , 30s and older . I did n't tip them off beforehand . On settings for people 25 , 30 , 35 and younger , no one reacted . Then ... We 're going to play a setting now for people 50 years old and under . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Oh , I heard that . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : I hear that . TODD : I can hear that , too . Still , some believe this device does target teenagers unfairly . Among the community leaders who have concerns about this device , Judith Sandalow of the Children 's Law Center here in the Gallery Place area . Judith , if there are problems with violence and loiterers driving away customers from businesses that count on that business in this area , would n't anything like this help ? JUDITH SANDALOW , CHILDREN 'S LAW CENTER : I 'm sympathetic to businesses needing to be able to engage the most customers in the best possible way . I 'm sympathetic to that . This is n't the best solution . We need to have better programs for youth ; we need to engage them in activities . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Finally today , before we go , ever seen a black widow take down a buffalo ? That 's what happened this weekend in Buffalo , New York . All right , so we 're talking about buffalo wings , not a full bison . But these guys -- and gal -- can pack 'em away . In fact , Sonya Thomas -- she 's known as the Black Widow -- ate 181chicken wings in 12 minutes . That 's enough to take home the title and beat her own world record . Goodbye AZUZ : We actually did n't plan any puns for this story , so I guess I 'm just gon na have to wing it . She buffalo 'd the competition ? She obviously had a wing-ing strategy . That whole event looks like a three wing circus ! Maybe we 'll just chew over the possibilities . Either way , we 'll be back tomorrow . Hope you will too ! For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Hear why the subject of jobs is a top priority in Washington Learn about natural disasters in New Zealand and Guatemala Consider whether an anti-loitering technology targets teens Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
San Salvador , El Salvador  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Tuesday expressed hope that Libya 's opposition movement , given new protection by a U.S.-led military mission , can organize itself to revive broad enthusiasm for political change and oust Moammar Gadhafi from power . In a 13-minute interview with CNN 's Spanish-language network , Obama said the immediate goal of the U.N.-sanctioned military mission that began Saturday was to prevent an onslaught of the rebel stronghold of Benghazi by Gadhafi 's military . "  Because the international community rallied , his troops have now pulled back from Benghazi , " Obama said . Now the United States and its coalition partners , including NATO allies and Arab states , are establishing a no-fly zone over Libya , with U.S. forces taking out Gadhafi 's air defense systems , Obama said . He conceded that Gadhafi could "  hunker down and wait it out even in the face of a no-fly zone , even though his forces have been degraded . " "  Our hope is that the first thing that happens once we clear this space is that the rebels start discussing how they 're able to organize themselves , how they articulate their aspirations for the Libyan people , " Obama said . "  Potentially what we may see is all the enthusiasm that the Libyan people had for a change in government that was occurring a few weeks ago , " but was brutally repressed by Gadhafi , can now resurface , the president said . In particular , Obama said he hoped that the Libyan people decide it was time for a change that ends up sweeping Gadhafi from power . The president acknowledged the irony of being a Nobel Peace Prize winner who ordered the U.S. military into action on the eight anniversary of the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq , but said the goal in this case was humanitarian . "  I 'm accustomed to this contradiction of being both a commander-in-chief but also somebody who aspires to peace , " Obama said , adding the Libya mission was to protect the Libyan people from Gadhafi 's military . "  We 're not invading a country ; we are not acting alone , " he said . "  We are acting under a mandate issued by the U.N. Security Council . " The American people will see no contradiction between someone who believes in peace and "  who wants to make sure people are n't butchered because of a dictator who wants to cling to power , "  Obama added . Speaking in El Salvador on the final leg of a three-nation Latin American trip that included stops in Brazil and Chile , Obama also cited what he called a new relationship between the United States and the region to the south . He noted that an area once known for dictatorships and coups now featured democratic governments that were less focused on political ideology and more focused on results in helping their people . "  That 's the kind of partner we want , " Obama said , describing the relationship as a "  two-way street " based on mutual respect , interests and trust , rather than the old model of underdeveloped nations approaching the United States with "  hat in hand . " Asked about immigration reform back home , Obama said he would again make the push for a comprehensive bill . "  I 'm going to need some help , " he said . "  I can get the majority of Democrats to support it . I need some help from Republicans . " With last year 's census results showing a growing Hispanic population in the United States , Obama said Republicans will have a hard time winning future elections if they focus on anti-immigration sentiment .	President gives an exclusive interview to CNN 's Spanish-language network Gadhafi could "  hunker down " in the face of a no-fly zone , Obama concedes The president cites the humanitarian goals of the military mission
CNN  -- Configuring your Facebook settings from a laptop is confusing enough , but try monitoring your Facebook privacy and security setting on a mobile phone . It 's even more of a mess . There 's some help on the way , however . On Tuesday , the nonprofit group MobileActive published its list of tips for using mobile Facebook more safely . About one-third of Facebook 's 750 million active users worldwide access the service via mobile phones . MobileActive 's mobile Facebook guide is written with activists in mind  especially in light of the key role that Facebook played in many Arab Spring uprisings  , but it 's useful for any Facebook user . Some Facebook-related mobile security risks have to do with how you use Facebook in general . Others relate to how your phone and its various mobile communication channels handle security when you 're using a Wi-Fi connection rather than your carrier 's data network . For instance , many people set their phone to use a Wi-Fi connection whenever possible , in order to curb their data usage , which can get expensive . If you use Wi-Fi on your phone , depending on how your mobile browser or Facebook app handles security , someone might snoop on your login credentials  "  sidejacking "  and use them to impersonate you on Facebook . They could even lock you out of your own account . Sidejacking is a Wi-Fi-related risk for many online services , not just Facebook . The main way you can protect yourself is to always use a secure connection  URLs that begin with "  https " rather than "  http "  when logging in to an online account from any device , including your phone . You can configure your Facebook account to always use "  https . " However , MobileActive cautions : "  Be aware that this setting is not applied when browsing from a phone ! You may also notice that some applications warn you that you can not access them using HTTPS . If you use such applications , be aware that they may turn the ` always use HTTPS ' setting off -- you will need to go back into your account settings and turn it back on every time . " So this means that using Facebook 's mobile website could be more secure than using a Facebook app -- when you 're on Wi-Fi . And the same would be true for Twitter , Tumblr and other services . It 's a good idea to bookmark the mobile websites for the services you use -- the URL versions that start with "  https , " of course -- on your phone 's browser . Then use those sites  rather than service-specific apps  when accessing them over an open or shared Wi-Fi network . Also , check that your mobile browser really can make a secure Web connection . MobileActive notes that some older or more primitive browsers  probably including many browsers that come pre-installed on feature phones  may revert the connection to "  http , " which is not secure . So once you 've tried to access a site using "  https , " after the page loads , double-check the location bar in your browser to make sure it still says "  https . " If you prefer to use Facebook apps , it 's safer to turn off Wi-Fi access on your phone while you 're using them . Your carrier 's data connection is more secure . This is especially important if you use your Facebook account to log in to additional sites , via the Facebook Connect service ; it would be bad enough just getting your Facebook account hacked , let alone everything else you 've connected that account to . MobileActive also notes that Facebook provides extra options to help you control which devices can access your account . "  Log-in notifications warns you every time your account is accessed from a new device  both computers and phones  . Log-in Approvals takes things a step further by requiring you to enter a code sent to your mobile phone every time you access the site from a new device . And in the U.S. , Facebook users can send a text message to a predefined number to request a one-time password . " MobileActive 's guide did not address third-party services  such as PicPlz  that can be used to post photos or video to Facebook , Foursquare and other services . But in general , if you use these tools , be aware of the various audiences and level of privacy each service affords . Before you upload a photo , make sure it 's getting cross-posted only to the services you wish to use .	Managing Facebook security and privacy is difficult from a mobile phone MobileActive releases a guide to mobile security on the social network Guide says it may be safer to use Facebook 's mobile site than its app Wi-Fi connections may present their own security concerns
Republicans who pressed President Barack Obama for a more coordinated federal response to the Ebola outbreak are blasting the appointment of Ron Klain , a veteran Democratic political aide , as the "  Ebola czar . " "  This appointment is both shocking and frankly tone deaf to what the American people are concerned about , " Pennsylvania Rep. Tim Murphy said in a written statement . Murphy chaired a hearing on Thursday on the federal government 's response to the outbreak and said the decision to tap Klain wo n't calm those Americans who are worried about the spread of the disease . First on CNN : Obama will name Ron Klain as Ebola Czar One after another , top GOP members on Capitol Hill zeroed in on Klain 's campaign experience as the wrong kind of background for the post . "  While the President 's pick may have the ear of the White House and experience from the campaign trail , I am concerned he does n't have significant relationships in the medical community that are imperative during this current biological emergency , " House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul said . McCaul called on the President to rethink his selection , and instead create a permanent position within the government to coordinate the response . Another Texas Republican was n't impressed , either . "  We do n't need another so-called ` czar ' ; we need presidential leadership . This is a public health crisis , and the answer is n't another White House political operative , " Sen. Ted Cruz said in a statement . A former chief of staff to Vice President Joe Biden and also to then-Vice President Al Gore , Klain is currently president of Case Holdings and general counsel of Revolution , an investment group . He has clerked for the U.S. Supreme Court and headed up Gore 's effort during the 2000 Florida recount . Midterm campaigns swing through Ebola hearing House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce , R-California , also questioned Klain 's credentials , asking in a written statement , "  why the President did n't pick an individual with a noteworthy infectious disease or public health background ? " But the White House defended the choice , saying it 's not just about medical expertise . Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters , "  That 's why somebody with Mr. Klain 's credentials , somebody that has strong management experience , both inside government , but also in the private sector , he 's somebody that has strong relationships with members of Congress and , obviously , strong relationships with those of us who worked with him here at the White House earlier in the administration . " GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona suggested on CNN last Sunday that the administration needed one point person . " ... I would say we do n't know exactly who 's in charge . There has to be some kind of czar , " McCain said . But the White House initially resisted the idea , and pointed out that McCain said in 2009 that the Obama administration had "  more czars than the Romanovs . " Kerry sends out call to arms on the Ebola crisis	Republicans are against the president 's decision to appoint Ron Klain as the "  Ebola czar " Several say Klain 's campaign experience is the wrong kind of background for the position Sen. Ted Cruz : " ... the answer is n't another White House political operative " WH says Klain has strong management experience and connections in Washington
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A strong storm system made driving dangerous in the Rockies and the upper Plains and contributed to a pileup involving about 100 vehicles Thursday near Fargo , North Dakota , officials said . "  It is not fit for anyone to be out there , " North Dakota State Highway Patrol Capt. Eldon Mehrer told CNN radio . Snow , ice and rain plagued much of the West , and North Dakota officials closed Interstate I-94 between Jamestown and Fargo and the north-south Interstate 29 from the Canadian border to South Dakota . The I-94 chain-reaction wreck a few miles west of Fargo occurred when two semi trucks jackknifed in the treacherous conditions , Some 100 vehicles were affected by the mishap , with about 30 involved in crashes . One person was critically injured amid four injury incidents , Mehrer said . Clearing the accident was difficult , said the patrol officer , who had a simple message to motorists : stay home . Across much of the state , rescuers gave up trying to get vehicles out of ditches and concentrated on picking up stranded motorists using snowmobiles and buses . In California , acting Gov. Abel Maldonado declared a state of emergency for Mariposa County Thursday because of extreme weather and storm conditions . The central California community becomes the 12th California county declared to be in a state of emergency because of this month 's punishing rain and windstorms . The others are Kern , Orange , Riverside , San Bernardino , San Luis Obispo , Tulare , Kings , Los Angeles , Santa Barbara , Inyo and San Diego counties . Officials in Mariposa County , which describes itself as the home to Yosemite National Park , had earlier declared a local emergency , Maldonado said in the proclamation . This month 's winter storms have been so punishing that the flood damage to homes , businesses and roads require "  the combined forces " of state and regional aid for providing relief , the proclamation said . Maldonado is serving as the chief executive while Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is away from the state on vacation . Meanwhile , a missing snowboarder who had been enjoying the fresh snow was found dead Thursday morning in the Alpine Meadows ski resort in Tahoe City , California , said resort spokeswoman Rachael Woods . Shawnte Willis , 25 , of Tahoma , California , had been missing since Tuesday when snowboarding with friends , and her body was found in a tree well about 400 feet below the Pacific Crest Trail in the Granite Chief Wilderness Area by search and rescue team supervised by the Placer County Sheriff 's Department . A series of Pacific storms have created the wettest December ever throughout southern California , according to National Weather Service recording stations in Los Angeles , Long Beach , Camarillo , Santa Barbara and Santa Maria . Arizona was rebounding Thursday from the storm , with I-17 and I-40 open in both directions . Crews were using de-icers to keep them safe , officials said . "  We think we passed the worst of it , " said Department of Transportation spokesman Timothy Tait , indicating clear skies Friday will help after a frosty overnight . iReport : Share photos , video of winter weather and traffic Snow , ice and low visibility snarled traffic , and parked cars made it difficult for some of the nearly 300 state snowplows to do their work , Tait said . Suburbs of Phoenix reported flurries . U.S. 180 remained closed north of Flagstaff , and 89A between Sedona and Flagstaff was mostly out of commission . This week 's storms were also "  a contributing factor " in the death of a 70-year-old woman in a northern California exotic wildlife preserve , authorities said Wednesday . The woman was reading a bedtime story to her 7-year-old granddaughter Tuesday night when an oak fell on their safari-style luxury tent in Santa Rosa . The grandmother was killed instantly , authorities said , but the child was unharmed . "  Obviously , the weather was a contributing factor to this tragedy , " said Cyndi Foreman , a spokeswoman for the Rincon Valley Fire Protection District in Santa Rosa . "  It was heavy rain in a short period of time and heavy winds and back-to-back storms . " The death occurred as a strong and cold storm system from the Gulf of Alaska moved into the West . Ice was causing headaches in Arizona and the National Weather Service said additional rains , heavy snow and winds would make the going rough over the next several days for residents in much of the region . Weather specialist Stuart Seto said this week 's rainstorms , pushed by a cold front out of the Gulf of Alaska , did n't produce major debris or mudslides on Tuesday or Wednesday . "  It was a fast-moving storm , so we were lucky . No major debris flows  but  there were some little ones , " Seto said . The Alaskan front brought low temperatures to southern California Thursday and is expected to bring freezing temperatures to the Los Angeles suburb of Woodland Hills , which could see 31 degrees Friday morning , Seto said . The record low for that day was set in 1972 at 27 degrees , Seto said . In New York , snowbound residents said their streets remained clogged days after a massive holiday blizzard . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Thursday he will investigate whether sanitation workers intentionally delayed cleanup efforts over frustrations regarding citywide budget cuts . The slow cleanup effort hampered morning commuters , delayed first responders and even prevented aircraft service personnel from reaching airports where 29 international flights were stuck on the tarmac for more than three hours , officials said . CNN 's Paul Vercammen and Phil Gast and CNN Radio 's Barbara Hall contributed to this report .	NEW : 100 vehicles involved in North Dakota incident NEW : Arizona transportation officials believe worst is over California 's acting governor declares an emergency in Mariposa County A missing snowboarder is found dead in a Lake Tahoe ski resort
CNN  -- More than two weeks after a factory collapsed in Bangladesh , trapping workers in a mangled concrete heap , the death toll has surpassed 900 . Authorities pulled more bodies from the rubble , bringing the number of people killed to 931 , Bangladesh 's national news agency BSS reported Thursday . The April 24 collapse occurred in Savar , a suburb of the capital , Dhaka . Rescue workers saved more than 2,400 people in the aftermath of the collapse , but have focused on using heavy machinery to uncover bodies buried beneath the ruins . The building , which housed five factories full of garment workers , caved in , burying hundreds of people in a heap of concrete . It is the South Asian nation 's deadliest industrial disaster . The owners of the building and the factories are under investigation over accusations they ordered workers to enter the premises on the day of the collapse despite cracks in the structure the day before . Bangladesh 's $ 20 billion garment industry accounts for 77 % of the country 's exports . Among those caught up in the finger-pointing after the building 's collapse are Western retailers and clothing brands that Bangladeshi suppliers say put heavy pressure on prices , resulting in bad pay and conditions for workers . Eight killed in Bangladesh garment factory fire	NEW : The death toll rises to 931 , according to Bangladesh 's national news agency Rescue workers save more than 2,400 people in the aftermath of the collapse The building , which housed five factories , caved in , burying hundreds in a heap of concrete It is the South Asian nation 's deadliest industrial disaster
CNN  -- Is she hurt ? Is she getting help ? Is she even alive ? Those were the jumbled thoughts that raced through Sereth Hosty 's mind in her Long Island , New York , home as she tirelessly scoured the news and Web for clues to the whereabouts of her elderly mother in Haiti . Since an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.0 struck Tuesday , Augusta Thervil , 83 , was among the growing number of people who had gone missing in the Port-au-Prince area . And her daughter was among those living in limbo . "  I check . I check . I check , " Hosty said earlier this week . She had spent two days trying to reach her mother , neighbors and family friends by phone . She even placed a posting on CNN.com 's iReport with her mother 's picture . With phone lines and electricity down , people with family and friends in Haiti are struggling to live with uncertainty . "  To not know and be waiting is one of the most difficult situations to be in , " said Therese Rando , clinical director of the Institute for the Study and Treatment of Loss . The waiting finally came to an end for Hosty on Thursday evening when she heard through a cousin that her mother was alive . And though she has n't been able to speak with Theravil directly , she 's sleeping again . "  I know there are other problems that are coming with food and water , but I feel relief that she 's not dead , " Hosty said . "  My cousin said my mommy is OK . " The toll of the quake is not yet known , but government officials said deaths may exceed 100,000 . Emergency crews have already arrived in the Port-au-Prince area , but there are no indications when communication lines will be restored . Haiti is the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere , with a weak infrastructure even before the earthquake . The panic , anger and sadness since the quake are similar to the responses seen after the September 11 attacks , Hurricane Katrina and the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami . Those unexpected disasters claimed many lives and left family members who suffered losses to grieve for years , psychology experts say . Many are still grieving today . After 9/11 , families frantically drove into New York City , trying to display their loved ones ' photographs to the public in hopes of recovering the person -- or their body . Unable yet to travel to Haiti , families are using Facebook , Twitter and YouTube to search and connect . Several hundred submitted photos to iReport , asking for help in identifying their missing loved ones . See the "  Looking for loved ones in Haiti " page on iReport "  In every moment , the level of emotional anguish ratchets up , and there 's nothing anyone can say to make them feel better , " said Russell Friedman , director of The Grief Recovery Institute , a counseling organization in California that helps people deal with deaths and natural disasters . The grieving process for someone waiting to learn if a loved one has survived can be incredibly traumatic , Friedman says . They may feel more frustrated than those on the ground because they can not help , he said . Mayka Cadet , 22 , experienced these emotions Tuesday night in her Glendale , Maryland , home . She has n't heard from five of her family members who live in Port-au-Prince . Her phone calls do n't go through . There is n't even a ring . She especially misses her Uncle Sergo Cadet , who has always been her mentor . Cadet , who owns a construction business , taught her to work hard in school . "  It 's just really hard for me because I 'm really close to them , " said Cadent , who posted an iReport looking for her family members . "  They come visit us every summer . " After their initial reaction to the news , people will find different ways to cope , psychologists say . Those who have missing relatives will feel sadness , anger , shock or confusion . Some may feel confused about their emotions , or struggle to even know what they are feeling . For those who learn their family members have died , the grieving process can progress , the experts said . People will often go through the stages of denial and bargaining before accepting the loved one 's death . "  Everyone grieves differently , " said Kristi Cooper , a family life field specialist at Iowa State University . "  There is no wrong way to grieve . " But time can heal emotional wounds , says George Bonanno , a psychology professor at Columbia University and author of the book "  The Other Side of Sadness : What the New Science of Bereavement Tells Us About Life After Loss . " Although coping with a loss can be difficult , Bonanno said he found that most people are resilient and able to overcome their loss . CNN iReporter Marie Aline Sillice , 26 , is trying to stay positive . She encouraged her family to keep busy even though she ca n't locate her father . Frangel Victor , 57 , worked as a lawyer in Port-au-Prince . They spoke on the phone just a few hours before the earthquake struck . Help the Sillices find their father Sillice , a psychology graduate student at the University of Rhode Island , admits she is nervous that he may not have access to his diabetes medication . She is also keeping close contact with her family members in the U.S. and has posted an iReport in hopes of finding her father . So far , she has n't heard anything .	NEW : Woman finds out through cousin that her 83-year-old mother is alive Families are using social media and the Internet to find people affected by the earthquake Psychologists say the panic and frustration experienced by families is similar to 9/11 "  Everyone grieves differently , " said Kristi Cooper , a family life field specialist
A 56-year-old Southern California woman was charged Friday with driving intoxicated into a crowd exiting a church Christmas-related event , killing four people , including a 6-year-old boy , prosecutors said . Margo Julie Bronstein of Redondo Beach pleaded not guilty in a Los Angeles courtroom to four felony counts of gross vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated and one felony count of driving under the influence of a drug causing injury , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office said . She is being held on $ 500,000 bail . Bronstein 's attorney unsuccessfully asked the court that bail be reduced to $ 100,000 ; Bronstein client has no criminal record and a clean driving history , according to CNN affiliate KTLA . "  This appears to be an accident . It was n't an intentional act on her behalf , " attorney Jeffrey Gray said , according to the station . Redondo Beach Police Lt. Joe Hoffman said prescription medication was involved "  at the very minimum , " according to the affiliate . Timothy Eakin , a friend of Bronstein , told KTLA that Bronstein "  takes a lot of pain medications , and she actually drives her vehicle with hand controls . " Bronstein has had many hip and leg surgeries and had been in a wheelchair most of her life , Eakin told KTLA . Bronstein on Wednesday evening allegedly swerved around vehicles stopped at red light , crossed the light and plowed into a group in a crosswalk on Pacific Coast Highway as they left St. James Catholic Church in Redondo Beach , authorities said . The highway is the busiest street in Redondo Beach , police said . Bronstein kept driving before "  colliding head-on with a vehicle " going the other way , police said . Killed were Martha Gaza , 36 ; and her son Samuel , 6 ; Mary Anne Wilson , 81 ; and Saeko Matsumura , 87 , prosecutors said . In all , the felony complaint names nine victims . At least one pedestrian struck "  was moved up to where the head-on collision occurred , " police said . About 12 ambulances rushed to find people lying in the street , suffering from injuries ranging from minor to critical , Division Chief Rob Rappaport of the Redondo Beach Fire Department said . If convicted on all charges , Bronstein faces about 40 years in prison , prosecutors said .	Margo Julie Bronstein , 56 , faces about 40 years in prison if convicted of all charges Bronstein pleads not guilty to gross vehicular manslaughter and drug-related charge Killed were mom and son , age 6 , and two people aged 87 and 81 Many victims were leaving Christmas event at a Catholic church
FIFA approved tougher penalties for racist behavior , including possible relegation , in a move that one anti-racism organization said will bring soccer "  in line " with other sports . The sanctions , FIFA revealed at its congress in Mauritius on Friday , come in two stages . They were initiated at a time when incidents of racism continue to make headlines around the world and several months after FIFA set up an anti-racism task force . Punishments for first offenses bring a warning , fine or clubs being forced to play games in empty stadiums . A second offense , or one deemed "  serious , " could result in demotion , a deduction of points or expulsion from a tournament . Soccer 's global governing body also said that any individual committing a racist infraction should be suspended for at least five matches . It 's now up to FIFA 's member associations , who number more than 200 , to implement the new punishments . Only one member -- it was n't known which one -- voted against the measures . "  There have been despicable events this year that have cast a long shadow over football and the rest of society , " FIFA president Sepp Blatter said . "  I am speaking of the politics of hate -- racism , ignorance , discrimination , intolerance , small-minded prejudice , that uncivilized , immoral and self-destructive force that we all detest . " Kevin-Prince Boateng of A.C. Milan walked off in protest when he was racially abused during a friendly in January , and Greece 's football federation banned AEK Athens ' Giorgos Katidis for five games in April and fined him for a Nazi-style goal celebration . Kick It Out , the anti-racist body , welcomed Friday 's development . "  It is something the organization has been campaigning on , and stricter punishments for discrimination more generally , for many years , " chair Lord Herman Ouseley said on Kick It Out 's Web site . "  We hope to see the practical implications of this ruling . "  FIFA is setting an example to bring football in line with other sports which do n't have problems around discrimination and unacceptable behavior . " Meanwhile , FIFA announced three women would take their place on the executive committee , which votes , for instance , on where the World Cup is held .	FIFA takes a tougher stance on racist behavior , as one punishment could be relegation Teams could also be thrown out of a tournament or deducted points Players face a minimum suspension of five games for committing a racist infraction
OPRAH.com  -- For all the majesty of the White House , the first lady has already infused it with a palpable ease ; her presence makes the place feel open and approachable . When we sit down to talk , Michelle Obama seems as relaxed as she did when I first interviewed her and her husband in their Chicago apartment in 2004 . "  This room has the best light in the house , " she tells me as we settle in , shoes off , on a comfortable sofa . "  And there 's pie here , too . The pie in the White House is dangerously good . " -- Oprah Winfrey Michelle Obama is the first person to join Oprah Winfrey on the cover of O magazine Oprah Winfrey : How are you a different woman today than you were when Barack Obama announced his candidacy in 2007 ? Michelle Obama : I 'm more optimistic . More hopeful . It comes from traveling all over America and connecting with so many different people . And this was long before anyone thought Barack had a chance . This was the kindness of strangers . I think we should all have to get to know one another around kitchen tables . It changed me . It 's helped me to give other people the benefit of the doubt . Winfrey : What did you see that changed you ? Obama : I saw our shared values . We fundamentally want the same things for ourselves and for each other . We want our kids to be safe and to grow up with some resources and aspire to a slightly better life than ours . No one 's looking for a handout . People just want fairness and opportunity . Oprah.com : The heart and mind of Michelle Obama Winfrey : That 's so good to hear . Because you know what ? We live in an "  American Idol " culture where it seems like everyone just wants to be in the spotlight . Obama : That 's not the America I saw . People value their communities . They 're rooting for one another . Even in places where I thought people would n't accept or relate to me , I always walked out feeling like , "  Wow -- that was fun . " That changed me . And it helped prepare me for this . Because I think if you 're going to be first lady , you have to believe in the possibility of what this country stands for . You have to see it in action and know what you 're working toward . Oprah.com : How Michelle gets unstuck Winfrey : That 's so interesting -- and it all came from sitting around kitchen tables . Speaking of which , did you change your diet during the campaign ? Obama : When we first started running , my big concern was making sure we ate well on the road . So we started looking at our diet , trying to eliminate junk , getting seasonal fruits and vegetables that were grown locally . We walked the kids through reading labels . We talked about why one juice might be better than another . Winfrey : That 's right . In addition to eating well , do you work out ? Obama : Yes . There 's a small gym here that has everything we need . I work out about four or five days a week -- and Barack does six . He 's a workout zealot . Winfrey : Well , you look better than ever -- despite the rumors that you 've got a baby bump . Obama : -LSB- Laughter . -RSB- I know -- I was like , "  Baby bump ? As hard as I work on my abs ?! " Winfrey : Okay , so that 's settled . Back to exercise . You do treadmill ? Obama : I do treadmill , I do weights Winfrey : I think anyone who saw you on the cover of Vogue knows you do weights . Those arms ! Obama : I also do some jump rope , some kickboxing -- and I 'd like to take up Pilates , if I could figure out whether there 's time . After I had Malia , I began to prioritize exercise because I realized that my happiness is tied to how I feel about myself . I want my girls to see a mother who takes care of herself , even if that means I have to get up at 4:30 so I can do a workout . Winfrey : When you first told me that a few years ago , I was like , "  You get up at 4:30 to work out ? " Obama : Well , I just started thinking , if I had to get up to go to work , I 'd get up and go to work . If I had to get up to take care of my kids , I 'd get up to do that . But when it comes to yourself , then it 's suddenly , "  Oh , I ca n't get up at 4:30 . " So I had to change that . If I do n't exercise , I wo n't feel good . I 'll get depressed . Of course , it 's easier to do it here , because I have much more support now . But I always think about women who do n't have support . That 's why work-family balance is n't just a policy conversation ; it 's about changing the expectations of who we have to be as women and parents . Winfrey : What you mentioned earlier is key : We have to ask for help . You ca n't do it all . It 's impossible . Obama : That 's a conversation I 'd love for us to have as a society . How do we set expectations that are attainable ? Winfrey : So what do you know for sure , Michelle Obama ? Obama : I know that all I can do is be the best me that I can . And live life with some gusto . Giving back is a big part of that . How am I going to share this experience with the American people ? I 'm always thinking about that . Oprah.com : Read the entire exclusive interview By Oprah Winfrey from O , The Oprah Magazine , April 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Michelle Obama talks exercise and diet with Oprah Winfrey First lady says she learned about people 's shared values while campaigning She exercises at 4:30 a.m. to feel good about herself She taught her daughters to read food labels for healthy eating
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The famous "  empty " fourth plinth in London 's Trafalgar Square is to be occupied by volunteers for 100 consecutive days , 24 hours a day , the artist Antony Gormley has announced . Marc Quinn 's work "  Alison Lapper Pregnant " caused a stir when it was unveiled on the fourth plinth . Since 2005 the Mayor of London 's Fourth Plinth Commissioning Group has picked an artist or artists to fill the landmark space with a new piece . Gormley and Yinka Shonibare , whose scale replica of Nelson 's ship , HMS Victory , will follow later in the year , were selected from a shortlist of six artists . What would you do on the plinth ? Tell us Gormley , renowned for iconic works which include "  The Angel of the North , " Thursday announced his plans to encourage volunteers from around the UK to stand on the plinth . The work , titled "  One & Other , " will run from July 6 to October 14 and involve 2,400 people who will stand on the plinth for an hour each . The volunteers can do anything they like on the plinth . Trafalqar Square , which is popular with tourists , is one of London 's landmarks . Named after a famed 1805 British naval victory against the French , its centerpiece is a column commemorating Lord Horatio Nelson , who died during the conflict . Over the decades , the square has been the place where Londoners go to celebrate sporting victories or national occasions , as well as stage demonstrations . The fourth plinth is the only one not to hold a statue . Built in 1841 , it was intended to hold a tribute to King William IV -- but fundraising efforts proved insufficient . Since then it has remained empty , despite arguments over the decades as to a worthy occupant . In 1999 , it was decided that a rotating series of artworks should occupy the plinth . Pieces to have occupied the space in the past have included a life-size statue of Jesus , an inverted replica of the plinth and a colored glass hotel for the square 's famed pigeons . Gormley said the idea behind his piece was very simple . "  Through putting a person onto the plinth , the body becomes a metaphor , a symbol . In the context of Trafalgar Square with its military , valedictory and male historical statues , this elevation of everyday life to the position formerly occupied by monumental art allows us to reflect on the diversity , vulnerability and particularity of the individual in contemporary society . "  It 's about people coming together to do something extraordinary and unpredictable . It could be tragic but it could also be funny , " Gormley said . London mayor Boris Johnson said it was a fantastic idea . "  It 's going to be a brilliant case of people coming to art and art coming to the people as the people become the art . A very public demonstration of democracy in action . " Ekow Eshun , chair of the Fourth Plinth Commissioning Group , said Gormley 's idea was "  outstanding . " "  It 's  a bold , arresting work that reflects on the multi-faceted nature of modern Britain . " Applications will be taken from April , with the winning volunteers randomly selected .	Public get chance to stand on London landmark for 100 days Trafalgar Square 's "  empty " fourth plinth will feature 2,400 volunteers Artist Antony Gormley using people in artwork called "  One & Other " Trafalgar Square is landmark destination for tourists , Londoners
CNN  -- There was no sleep in Brooklyn -- well , at least not at the Brooklyn Barclays Center -- as the MTV Video Music Awards handed out the prizes for 2013 . Below you 'll see the full list of winners : Video of the Year Justin Timberlake , "  Mirrors " Best Male Video Bruno Mars , "  Locked Out of Heaven " Best Female Video Taylor Swift , "  I Knew You Were Trouble " Best Pop Video Selena Gomez , "  Come and Get It " Best Rock Video Thirty Seconds To Mars , "  Up in the Air " Best Hip Hop Video Macklemore & Ryan Lewis feat . Ray Dalton , "  Ca n't Hold Us " Best Song of the Summer One Direction , "  Best Song Ever " Best Art Direction Janelle Monae feat . Erykah Badu , "  Q.U.E.E.N. " Best Collaboration Pink feat . Nate Ruess , "  Just Give Me A Reason " Artist To Watch Austin Mahone , "  What About Love " Best Video with a Social Message Macklemore & Ryan Lewis , "  Same Love " Best Choreography Bruno Mars , "  Treasure " Best Cinematography Macklemore & Ryan Lewis feat . Ray Dalton , "  Ca n't Hold Us " Best Direction Justin Timberlake feat . Jay-Z , "  Suit & Tie " Best Editing Justin Timberlake , "  Mirrors " Best Visual Effects Capital Cities , "  Safe and Sound "	The MTV Video Music Awards were held in Brooklyn Justin Timberlake took home the Video of the Year award Austin Mahone was named Artist to Watch Taylor Swift and Bruno Mars won Best Female and Best Male Video
CNN  -- Just weeks after the scandal about pictures of Britain 's Prince Harry naked in Las Vegas , a magazine has sparked fresh controversy by publishing pictures of Prince William 's wife , Catherine , topless while vacationing . The duchess of Cambridge is "  upset " with the magazine -- a French publication called Closer , a royal source told CNN . Palace officials , threatening legal action , have blasted what they call a "  grotesque " invasion of privacy . The grainy pictures appear to have been taken with a long camera lens while the couple was staying at a private chateau in Provence , in southern France . They were "  hugely saddened to learn that a French publication and a photographer have invaded their privacy in such a grotesque and totally unjustifiable manner , " a St. James 's Palace spokesman said . These new privacy controversies have dredged up the royal family 's often rocky relationship with the press and put a spotlight on how the palace deals with the media after the tragic death of William 's mother , Diana , as she fled photographers in Paris 15 years ago . "  The incident is reminiscent of the worst excesses of the press and paparazzi during the life of Diana , Princess of Wales , and all the more upsetting to The Duke and Duchess for being so , " the palace spokesman said . "  Their Royal Highnesses had every expectation of privacy in the remote house . It is unthinkable that anyone should take such photographs , let alone publish them . " William , Catherine on high-stakes mission St. James 's Palace officials told CNN they "  believe a red line has been crossed . " The palace confirmed that the couple is taking legal action against the publishers of Closer . The pair remain focused on their Asian tour on behalf of Queen Elizabeth II , he added . William , who is second in line to the throne , and his wife are in Malaysia as they carry out a nine-day Southeast Asian tour of Commonwealth nations , which started in Singapore . The photographs can not be accessed on Closer 's website , which shows only the magazine 's front cover with heavily blurred images . The photos are featured in the magazine 's print copy , which is available in France . Read more about the duchess of Cambridge The latest furor comes three weeks after the British royal family was caught up in a media furor over images of William 's younger brother , Prince Harry , partying naked in his Las Vegas hotel room with a group of girls . Those photographs were widely circulated online but were published in only one UK tabloid , The Sun , after palace officials asked UK media not to run them . The Press Complaints Commission , the UK press watchdog , received about 3,800 complaints from the public but said it was inappropriate for it to take any action without a formal complaint from the palace . The Sun has made clear that it wo n't publish the pictures of Catherine , however . Editor Dominic Mohan tweeted : "  The Sun has no intention of breaching the royal couple 's privacy . The circumstances are very different to those relating to the photos of Prince Harry in Las Vegas . " Laurence Pieau , editor-in-chief of Closer in France , posted several comments on Twitter late Thursday promoting the release of the topless pictures of Catherine . One said : "  The world exclusive of #closer tomorrow is Kate Middleton as you have never seen her ... and as you will never see her again . " Another read : "  For kate middleton to have tan lines she would have to be wearing a swimsuit ! " Interviewed by CNN affiliate BFM-TV on Friday , Pieau defended the decision to publish the photographs , saying , "  We were just doing our job . " The magazine was tipped off about the dates of the royal couple 's visit to Provence and sent a photographer , she said . The pair were visible on a terrace from the road . Opinion : British privacy should start with British press Pieau said that there had been no debate at the magazine over whether to publish the photos and that she believes they are not degrading , as "  they are just like any other couple in love . " She described the reaction to the pictures ' publication as "  disproportionate " and slammed the British press as "  complete hypocrites , " since photos of Harry naked were published by The Sun . Pieau said that there are additional photos that are even more revealing but that Closer is not publishing them for now . The magazine will wait to see if any complaint is made against it , she said . "  I think that what these photos really highlight is the issue of the royal couple 's security , " she added . A string of negative comments from members of the public has already been posted on the French Closer magazine 's Facebook page . One , written in French , said : "  Your behavior is unacceptable , you 're as bad as the English tabloids . You have gone too far with the photos of Kate topless and it will cost you a lot I hope . Shameful . " It is not yet clear what form any legal action by William and Catherine against Closer magazine , run by an Italian business called Mondadori , might take . But British lawyer Charlotte Harris said the magazine 's decision to publish was a clear breach of French legal codes and was out of line with current views on people 's right to privacy . "  The perception of the French was that they are less aggressive , that they have a culturally different opinion of where privacy laws should lie . Here they appear to have gone right over the other way , " she said . French law provides for "  draconian sanctions " to protect against this kind of behavior , she said , including orders to take magazines off shelves and the imposition of serious fines . But even if distribution of the images is contained , Harris said , the damage is done to the extent that very private information about the duchess has now become public knowledge . French magazine VSD was fined 2,000 euros  $ 2,580  last week after it published a photo of Valerie Trierweiler , partner of French President Francois Hollande , in a bikini on its front cover , BFM-TV reports . Trierweiler is also taking legal action against other French magazines that published images of her and Hollande in swimwear while on vacation , BFM-TV says . Singapore gives royal welcome to William , Kate The latest royal controversy threatens to overshadow what has until now been a well-received tour in Asia , undertaken as part of diamond jubilee celebrations for the queen , William 's grandmother . The duchess of Cambridge gave her first public speech in Malaysia 's capital , Kuala Lumpur , on Thursday , at a hospice for terminally ill children and adults . She is the patron of a charity supporting children 's hospices in East Anglia , England . The royal couple will be in Malaysia until Sunday before heading to the Solomon Islands and Tuvalu . The duchess was very conservatively dressed as she visited a mosque in Kuala Lumpur on Friday . There was also a security scare when a man lunged at Catherine and tried to give her a flower as she and William left a festival of Malaysian dancing in a park in the capital . A man was arrested over the incident , a palace source said . "  The Duchess was getting into the car and the Duke was walking round to the other side of the car when an enthusiastic member of the public tried to give her a flower , " he told CNN . "  He was very close , right up against the car . He was arrested by local police officers . Royal protection officers were not involved , though they had noticed him in the crowd earlier on . The Duke and Duchess were not in any danger at all at any point . " The French Closer magazine is run by a different company from the publication of the same name in the United Kingdom . Closer UK , published by Bauer Consumer Media , issued a statement distancing itself from the French magazine . "  Closer magazine UK would like to make it clear that the two publications make entirely independent editorial decisions . In this respect the comments made by the editor of the French edition which have reported in the media today do not reflect the opinions of Closer magazine UK . "  Closer magazine UK was not offered any pictures of this nature and certainly has no intention of publishing the photographs of the Duchess of Cambridge which have been published in France this morning . " The British media is under close scrutiny after revelations of phone hacking and other abuses . The conclusions of an independent judge-led inquiry , which may recommend greater restrictions on media freedoms , are expected by the end of the year . More : What awaits William , Kate on the royal tour ? CNN 's Atika Shubert and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Lawyer says Closer magazine may face heavy sanctions over the photographs William and Catherine are "  hugely saddened " by the invasion of privacy , palace says The topless photographs are grainy and appear to have been taken with a long lens Closer magazine editor defends decision to publish : "  We were just doing our job "
CNN  -- The sounds of battle echo across a desolate stretch of land just east of Bagram Air Base , America 's biggest base in Afghanistan . As it turns out , it 's just battle practice . "  Training exercises on our big weapons to include our small arms , " explains Sergeant 1st Class Steve Cunningham , of the 381st Military Police Unit . "  Just put some ammo down range . The Afghan people let us do this to make sure our weapons stay functional for future missions . " He says rehearsals like this help his troops keep their skills sharp , adding that they 're skills U.S. troops need to keep Afghans safe . But villagers living around the East River Range could n't disagree more -- they argue U.S. military exercises here are putting them in danger . "  Kids wander around and touch what they find , " says Wali Muhammad Kuchi , a nomadic shepherd who is sitting across the road watching soldiers fire volleys of rounds into the mountainside . "  These kids , they do n't know what is and is n't full of explosives . " A handful of boys standing around him are waiting for the soldiers to leave . They 'll scavenge for left over metal casings and fragments to sell for much needed cash for their families . One boy tells us one kilogram , or about 2.2 pounds , of scrap metal will earn him roughly 150 Afghanis , or $ 3 . Wali Muhammad lost a leg and an arm to Soviet landmines in the 1980s , and he worries for the safety of his 13 year-old son , Esakhil -- one of the boys who will soon be out in the range searching for metal . According to Mohammed Sediq Rashid , Chief of Operations of the Mine Action Coordination Centre of Afghanistan  or MACCA  , at least 12 civilians from villages surrounding the range area have been maimed by unexploded ordnance , or UXOs , in the last four years . At least one was killed . The shepherds are also at risk . They graze their sheep on slopes littered with bullets , grenades , and in a recent case , an anti-aircraft rocket , according to the U.S. military . In a frayed cloth tent next to the range , we find 17 year-old Abdul Rahman . He winces from pain as he tells us how he lost part of his left arm . "  We are nomads . We take our herds to the mountain site for feeding . I saw something there , " describes Abdul Rahman . "  When I picked it up and then hit it with a stone it exploded . " His father , Zayar Gul , recounts how he rushed his son to nearby Bagram Air Base for emergency treatment . He says they were turned away by local guards at the gate . A U.S. military official at the base said he was n't aware of the case . Abdul Rahman was eventually taken to the Kabul Emergency Surgical Center , and then transferred to an eye hospital to save his sight . Four weeks after the explosion , he 's still wearing sunglasses to protect his injured eyes . The 17-year-old also lost part of his other arm in a similar explosion several years ago . He believes that in both incidents he was hurt by unexploded U.S. ordnance . As Gul describes what happened to his son , his anger grows . "  It was n't just something thrown from the sky . If it was n't for the Americans doing their military exercises here , why would my son have been blown up ? " Gul 's leg was severed by a Soviet era landmine , but he says it 's U.S. forces who are now sowing destruction . "  We ca n't do any other kind of work , " says Gul , "  We do n't have houses and we ca n't go to the cities . But they , the Americans , have made this place like fire for us . " All along the 20 kilometer  12.4 mile  stretch of flat terrain at East River Range is wide open land , with very little to indicate there 's any danger . Fencing is nonexistent , and the few signs there warning that this area is a firing range are in faded English . For a largely illiterate population that speaks mostly Dari and Pashto , it 's almost impossible for them to understand their lives are at risk . Three decades of successive wars made Afghanistan one of the most heavily mined countries in the world . But now , UXOs account for three times as many casualties as mines -- and most of them are children , according to MACCA . United Nations estimates that roughly 10 million landmines still remain in Afghanistan . Most of them are Soviet made , the deadly legacy left over from Afghanistan 's war with that country . But these days , Mohammad Sediq Rashid , MACCA 's Chief of Operations says U.S. forces need to fully recognize their responsibility -- and that to a degree , they have failed in their duty to protect Afghan civilians . "  They should do something to make sure that the civilians are protected after the war is finished or after the training is finished , " says Rashid . Bagram 's Deputy Garrison Commander , Michael Hartman , is in charge of the range . He acknowledges the U.S. military needs to do more at various sites throughout the country , and says he empathizes with the local population . "  I 'm a grandfather and I 'm hearing these stories of kids out there getting injured , " he says . "  I have seven grandkids . My oldest is 13 , my youngest is seven . So , in addition to being a concerned grandparent , I know how I 'd feel if my kids got injured . I think we have to do a better job of marking . " To that end , he says the military plans to soon place big concrete blocks about 200 meters apart on the flat terrain part of the range -- and intends to mark them with the international symbols that indicate a minefield . "  We think using those markings , red on one side , white on the other , is something they 'll recognize , " Hartman explains . "  The second part of that would be to have a warning or safety warnings , " adds Hartman , " ` unexploded ordnance or impact area ' -- written in there in three languages -- English , Pashto and Dari -- because that 's the languages that are understood here . " He adds that people in the area know it 's a firing range , "  but usually economics drive them to go out there and scavenge metals . " As members of the 381st Military Police Unit finish up their exercises , they pick up spent shell casings from the road . Cunningham says his unit does the right thing . "  I 'd say that we 're really big on picking up the metal that we lay down , " he explains . "  We pick up the trash and we pick up after ourselves . We brought it with us , we 're taking it back with us . " Still , these troops wo n't venture far beyond the road because they know there are decades worth of explosive remnants of war out there . But Wali Muhamad has other worries . "  The remains from the foot solders are n't that dangerous , " he says , "  it 's the things that are dropped first from the helicopters -- those things are very dangerous and lots of people have lost body parts because of that . " The range is used to test fire everything from 40mm grenades to 2.75-inch rockets fired by helicopters , all the way up to Hellfire missiles , says Hartman . 20mm rounds are fired off A-10 jets , and 30mm rounds are fired off the Apache helicopters . We asked what posed the greatest risk to civilians in the area . Hartman said that while he 's not an explosive ordnance disposal expert , it 's "  usually the 40mm rounds , 40mm grenades that are usually fired with a shoulder , a rifle , Mark 19 , or some other weapons system . " Casualty reports from East River Range started coming in to MACCA in 2008 . Rashid says it 's been tough to communicate with the Americans . Ahead of the troop withdrawal from Afghanistan by the end of 2014 , he 's worried about UXOs that will be left behind by coalition forces . "  We need to know the possible location of unexploded ordnance , " says a somewhat frustrated Rashid . "  We need to know the possible areas that are affected by improvised explosive devices . We need to have information ... before the international community forces leave -- they should pass it on to us so that the mine action program of Afghanistan is aware of these problems and able to address those legacies of the war in the years to come . " The U.S. military says it is aware of the dangers . "  We 're at war , " explains Hartman , "  and you know , war is an inherently dangerous business . And we try to mitigate that danger by consolidating those routine , so to speak , firing and expenditure of weapon munitions into a controlled area as best we can . " Hartman , who arrived in Afghanistan in February , says he 's not sure exactly what will be done to clean up UXOs from the East River Range , but says a concerted effort is now being made to minimize future casualties . But for Abdul Rahman and others living close to the range , it 's too late . They say this is their land , and they have nowhere else to go .	Unexploded ordnance left on one range in Afghanistan killed 12 civilians in last four years Children living around East River Range scavenge leftover arms from the range for scrap metal U.S. military aware of dangers and says it is creating new safeguards around the area
CNN  Many years ago I performed at the Surf Ballroom , in Clear Lake , Iowa , which was the last stop on Buddy Holly 's final tour . He was killed in a plane crash in 1959 that also took the lives of singers J.P. "  The Big Bopper " Richardson and Ritchie Valens . By this time , Buddy Holly and I had had a pretty long history together . The concert that I performed at had all the old members of his group . Donna , who Ritchie Valens wrote a song about , was also there . Peggy Sue , who Buddy Holly sang about , was there too . The Picks were there -- they sang background vocals on Buddy 's records -- as well as singer Tommy Allsup , who claimed that years later he got his wallet back from the crash site . Unfortunately some fans at this show were selling crash-site photos , which I thought was in extremely bad taste . I think the prospect of the National Transportation Safety Board delving into the crash again , which might mean exhuming bodies and all the rest , would be in similarly bad taste . I think there 's a reason we say , "  rest in peace . " Buddy Holly would have the same stature musically whether he would have lived or died , because of his accomplishments which , in retrospect , nobody -- and I mean nobody , not the Beatles the Rolling Stones or anyone else -- can beat , for these reasons : By the time he was 22 years old he had recorded some 50 tracks , most of which he had written himself and each of them , in my view and the view of many others , a hit . Buddy Holly and the Crickets were the template for all the rock bands that followed . No rock 'n' roll records can touch songs like "  Rave On , " "  Think it Over , " "  Not Fade Away , " "  Peggy Sue " and many , many more . He was also a sensitive , ballad composer and singer , which people often overlook , with songs like "  Moondreams " and "  True Love Ways , " among many . As a paperboy , I cut open the stack of papers on February 3 , 1959 , and saw that Buddy Holly had been killed in the plane crash . The next day I went to school in shock , and guess what ? Nobody cared . Rock 'n roll in those days was sort of like hula hoops and Buddy had n't had a big hit on the charts since ' 57 , nor had the others in the plane crash . Americans in those days were always looking ahead . Death was not lingered over . We 'd had enough of that in World War II . Death and grief did not go with the exuberance and bright colors of the 1950s . Since then we have embarked on what I would call the "  American death trip . " One simply has to look at the slew of autopsy shows on television and the endless regurgitation of Marilyn , Elvis and JFK death details to get my point . Furthermore , because of the ever-growing psychological power of the media , we seem to think we can reach back half a century and touch things as if they are real . We live in a virtual nostalgic world because of this . Fortunately , Buddy Holly 's music is forever young and all any young person has to do is listen to it and his life will be changed forever .	Don McLean : It 's bad idea for NTSB to re-examine 1959 crash that killed Buddy Holly , "  Big Bopper , " Ritchie Valens He says it 's distasteful ; they should "  rest in peace " He says looking at crash case again is only part of the "  American death trip " that pervades our culture
Passengers aboard US Airways Flight 2846 were waiting on the tarmac at Phoenix 's Sky Harbor Airport when their pilot came on the intercom . "  We 've been notified about a health emergency aboard the aircraft , " passenger Dean Davidson heard . A few minutes later , Davidson saw a flight attendant walk toward another passenger sitting a few rows ahead of him . The flight attendant handed the slender middle-aged man a medical mask . Emergency personnel boarded the plane a short time later and removed the man , Davidson said . A firefighter then came on the intercom and announced that the passenger had active tuberculosis and was contagious and that other passengers on the flight had been exposed . He advised them to contact their physicians immediately , Davidson said . Arizona health officials are not recommending passengers on the plane seek medical care because their risk of being infected with tuberculosis is "  very , very low , " said Dr. Rebecca Sunshine , disease control director for Maricopa County Public Health . "  To put this in perspective ... We 're much more concerned that the passengers on this flight contracted influenza than that they contracted TB , " she said . The US Airways flight took off from Austin , Texas , on Friday , according to airline spokesman Bill McGlashen . It landed in Phoenix approximately two hours later on a layover before it was scheduled to fly to Los Angeles . There was no warning or flag on the passenger 's record when he was going through security or when he boarded the plane , McGlashen said . After the plane took off , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention notified the Transportation Security Administration of a possible risk . The TSA then notified US Airways , McGlashen said . The passenger in question has not been confirmed to have an infectious disease , CDC spokeswoman Karen Hunter said Sunday . "  And even if a passenger had infectious TB , the duration of the flight was so short that there would likely be no risk of exposure to other passengers . " Another spokesperson for the CDC said Monday the government organization is still waiting on test results for the passenger , a U.S. citizen who was traveling internationally . Fast facts about tuberculosis Tuberculosis is caused by a bacterium called Mycobacterium tuberculosis , which mainly affects the lungs . It can also infect other parts of the body including the kidneys , spine and brain . There are two types of TB : latent TB infection , which is not contagious , and TB disease , which is contagious . A person infected with latent TB shows no sign of symptoms and may not feel sick . Someone with TB disease usually feels ill ; they may be coughing up blood and may have a fever , night sweats and/or chest pain . TB spreads through the air when a person with an active TB infection coughs , sneezes or speaks . Germs can stay in the air for hours , but the risk in this case was very small , said Dr. William Schaffner , an expert on infectious diseases at Vanderbilt University . "  The risk is greatest for people sitting two rows ahead of and two rows behind the individuals , " Schaffner said . "  We do n't have to worry about the blankets and seat rests and the like . It 's how the air is transmitted and handled in the plane . " Schaffner said passengers on the plane should have a TB skin test done by their local health care provider . People who contract TB must take several medications for six to nine months to combat the infection , according to the CDC . Some varieties of the TB bacterium have developed a resistance to common antibiotics and may be more difficult to treat . People with weakened immune systems , such as those with HIV , are particularly susceptible to the disease . The number of TB cases in the United States has been declining since 1992 , according to the CDC . In 2010 , the most recent CDC data available , there were 569 deaths from TB . Davidson was flying home from Austin , where he had been visiting his daughter for Thanksgiving . He said other passengers told him the potentially infected man appeared "  awkward " before and during the flight , continually rubbing his face . Davidson plans to get in touch with his doctor Monday morning . He said he has not heard from US Airways about the incident . In January 2010 , a person infected with an active case of tuberculosis flew from Philadelphia to San Francisco on US Airways despite being on the CDC 's "  Do Not Board " list , which is different from the TSA 's "  No Fly " list . The Do Not Board list was created in 2007 after Atlanta lawyer Andrew Speaker traveled abroad with a drug-resistant case of tuberculosis , setting off an international health scare . Speaker insisted that he had not been told he was contagious ; public health officials disagreed . The CDC manages the Do Not Board list in coordination with the Department of Homeland Security . The list is authorized under the Aviation and Transportation Security Act of 2001 , according to the CDC . Local and state health officials can contact the CDC to request that someone be placed on the list . "  To include someone on the list , CDC must determine that the person 1  likely is contagious with a communicable disease that would constitute a serious public health threat should the person be permitted to board a flight ; 2  is unaware of or likely to be nonadherent with public health recommendations , including treatment ; and 3  likely will attempt to board a commercial aircraft , " the CDC website states . "  Once a person is placed on the list , airlines are instructed not to issue a boarding pass to the person for any commercial domestic flight or for any commercial international flight arriving in or departing from the United States . " The Do Not Board list does not apply to other methods of transportation . The CDC reviews the records of every person on the list every two weeks to see whether they are eligible to fly again . In general , airline passengers are not legally obligated to tell an airline when they are sick , said Jeff Ment , an attorney who specializes in travel law . Unlike cruise lines , which require you to disclose illnesses leading up to the cruise , he said , airlines do not include any language in the ticket purchasing process that would prevent you from traveling . "  If you have some disease and its contagious , where 's the threshold ? " he asked . "  If you have the flu ? If you have a really bad cold ? I think that once you establish some rule that there has to be notification , it becomes a slippery slope . " As a "  common carrier , " Ment said , airlines are legally required to do as much as possible to ensure the safety of their passengers . If a passenger appears too ill to survive the flight without medical assistance , an airline could prevent him from flying , he said . Or if the airline knew that a passenger had a contagious disease , employees could require her to wear a mask during the flight to prevent germs from spreading . In this kind of situation , any legal troubles would more likely stem from a civil lawsuit . After the 2007 incident , Speaker was sued by eight of his fellow passengers in a Canadian court . Ment said plaintiffs would have to show that the infected passenger knew that he had the disease and was extremely careless around his fellow travelers . "  The line is crossed when the person knows they 're sick and intentionally tries to do something  to infect others  or acts with callous disregard for your well-being , " Ment said .	Health officials are not recommending other passengers seek medical care Passengers aboard US Airways Flight 2846 may have been exposed to TB One man was removed from plane after it landed in Phoenix CDC says passenger has not been confirmed to have infectious tuberculosis
Washington  CNN  -- It might remind you of the new smash-hit James Bond movie "  Skyfall " , in which the villains steal a device with top secret information on the identities of British agents . But in this case , sensitive data was left on a subway train . Law enforcement and congressional sources tell CNN a contractor working for the U.S. Secret Service accidentally left a pouch containing two computer backup tapes on a train in Washington 's Metrorail subway system . The tapes contained very sensitive Secret Service personnel and investigative information , and if accessed could be highly damaging , according to sources . The contractor was transporting the pouch from Secret Service headquarters in Washington to a now-closed data facility in Maryland . The sources say the contractor got off a Metro train , and later realized the pouch had been left behind . The Secret Service and the Metro police were contacted , and an aggressive search took place . According to one source , the tapes have not been recovered . The incident occurred nearly five years ago , in February 2008 . It is now the subject of an investigation by the Department of Homeland Security 's Office of Inspector General , according to a congressional source . That office would not comment on why the investigation is taking place now , or on any other aspect of the investigation . Eric O'Neill , a former FBI counterespionage agent , said , "  Some of the information could cause lives to be at risk , if someone wanted to get at the families of a high-level government worker or someone they perceived as being someone who could work against , say , a terrorist cell . " O'Neill is the agent who took down Robert Hanssen , an FBI official who spied for the Soviet Union and Russia in the 1980s and 1990s . The Secret Service says no lives were put at risk , and no fraud was committed as a result of the loss . But why would the agency put sensitive information on a removable set of tapes ? "  Part of the reason , I think ... is that in 2008 when this occurred , some of the information might have been on removable discs because that 's how they transported information , " O'Neill told CNN . "  We 've leapt forward in technology since then . " The Secret Service issued a statement acknowledging the loss of information . "  These back-up tapes were not marked or identified in any way and were protected by multiple layers of security. , " it said . "  They could not be accessed without the proper equipment , applications and encoding . " There is conflicting information on whether the tapes were encrypted . O'Neill , a partner at the security firm The Georgetown Group , says even if they were , "  this is 2008 encryption . And years later , our abilities to break encryption , our algorithms to do that , are much , much better . If those tapes were found , I 'm sure they could be cracked in moments . " A Secret Service official did not provide the name of the individual who left the tapes on the train , or the name of the contracting firm . The official would not comment on whether the individual was disciplined , and said he is not sure if the agency still does business with the firm . O'Neill has his own questions about the incident . "  Why did a contractor have it ? " he asks . "  Why was n't it chained to his wrist with a handcuff in a case that he would , the second he stood up , think ' I need to grab it ' ? " Asked those questions by CNN , a Secret Service official did not answer directly , but instead referred to part of the agency 's statement saying , "  Subsequent to this incident the Secret Service instituted protocols to prevent this from happening again . " CNN 's Mike Ahlers and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Secret Service information was left on D.C. subway system in 2008 Contractor was transporting the tapes Agency says the information was safeguarded Security expert questions how tapes were being transported
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Former Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman was acquitted Wednesday of corruption-related charges . The triumphant former minister talked to reporters after leaving the courtroom . "  I do n't intend to deal with this matter any longer . This chapter is behind me , and I am going to concentrate on the challenges which are already on our doorstep -- and there are plenty of them , " he said . Liberman announced his resignation last December , a day after the Ministry of Justice said he would be charged with breach of trust and fraud . Liberman has maintained that he has not violated any laws . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been holding Liberman 's post open for him until his return . "  I congratulate you on your unanimous acquittal and am pleased that you are returning to the government , " Netanyahu told Liberman on Wednesday , according to the foreign minister 's office . But before Liberman can return to the Foreign Ministry , the government has to vote on his nomination . The allegations The case against Liberman dates back to 2009 . Prosecutors said he pushed to get the Israeli ambassador to Belarus posted to another country after the diplomat allegedly handed over confidential information that included details of a secret police inquiry regarding Liberman . Liberman has faced international criticism for his hard-line stance on Israel 's Arab minorities . His ultra-nationalist party is especially popular with immigrants from the former Soviet Union , where Liberman was born and raised . CNN 's Sara Sidner and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu congratulates Liberman on his acquittal Netanyahu has held Liberman 's post open since Liberman 's resignation Liberman resigned in December amid allegations of breach of trust and fraud He has said he did not violate any laws
CNN  -- The expensive casinos of Las Vegas look crowded . Tickets to the popular shows sell out . To the tourist , things look back to normal . Yet as the state 's junior U.S. senator lamented in February , "  I can tell you right now Nevada is nowhere close to a normal economy . " Nevada 's unemployment remains the second-highest in the nation , nearly 9 % . The housing market there still languishes . New Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen acknowledged to Nevada Republican Sen. Dean Heller that full recovery for Nevada glimmers "  years away . " Nevada 's troubles are more than a local concern . They reveal something important about the condition of the whole U.S. economy . Nevada makes its living from tourism , the state 's most important industry , and the tourists come -- or came -- for the casinos . Before 1990 , the state of Nevada and Atlantic City , New Jersey , enjoyed something close to a monopoly on the casino industry . As more states legalized casinos , the Nevada casino industry -- and especially the Las Vegas industry -- responded by moving up-market . Dazzling theme hotels housed lavish theatrical shows and outstanding restaurants . Las Vegas , once a rather seedy place , repositioned itself as a center of glamorous entertainment . Building the new hotels generated jobs . The people who worked in the hotels needed places to live , and building those homes generated more jobs . All that construction shaped an unusual local economy : Here was a state with low average educational attainments  only about 22 % of Nevadans have a college degree , 45th in the nation  , yet a median income higher than the national average . Nevada 's blue-collar prosperity was built on a faulty premise . All those glitzy Las Vegas hotels and resorts , containing typically up to 5,000 rooms each , depended on a huge influx of high-spending visitors . So long as homeowners could pay for vacations with some of the proceeds of their home refinancings , all was well . But when the refi boom stopped , Las Vegas suddenly discovered it had built a destination too expensive for its customer base . Everything else going on in the city -- the jobs in the hotels , the homes for the people who worked in the hotels , the malls where those people shopped , the homes for the people who worked in the malls -- all that crashed around Las Vegas ' ears . And now , six years after the crash , it 's hard to see a way forward from the disaster . Nationwide , the casino industry has more or less recovered from the recession . Americans left behind $ 37.34 billion in casinos in 2012 , only a shade below the 2007 peak of $ 37.52 billion . But they are spending that money in casinos closer to home . Gross revenues of Nevada casinos languish 20 % below their 2007 peaks . Because of the higher cost of Las Vegas-style amenities , a 20 % drop in revenues translates into a 50 % drop in profitability . So even as the industry nears recovery , the promise of a middle-class economy supported by gambling revenues has proven a mirage . Casino employment dropped in Nevada between 2012 and 2013 . These were the best casino jobs in the country , which explains why total national casino wages lag 7 % behind the 2007 peak even as industry revenues have nearly caught up to the 2007 level . Nor is there much likelihood of any early return to the old ways . Americans have grown cautious about gambling . While only about 14 % of Americans express a consistent moral disapproval of gambling , according to industry surveys , there has been a sharp increase in the proportion who reject gambling for themselves personally : 27 % in 2004 , 38 % today . Unsurprisingly , 2008 was the year of the biggest change of national mind on this subject . Meanwhile , those who do gamble are gambling in new ways that do n't support the style of industry for which Las Vegas is famous . Younger gamblers are attracted to online forms of gambling , which create jobs only for computer programmers . Older gamblers increasingly prefer bare-bones casinos that offer free transportation and cheaper meals . Las Vegas ' opulent palaces for the affluent gambler seem increasingly unsupportable in a country where more and more people have less and less disposable income . That 's a social trend that should concern us all , however we feel about this particular pastime .	Nevada senator says his state is "  nowhere close to a normal economy " David Frum : The state made a big bet on the lavish casinos of Las Vegas Since the recession , crowds at the casinos have fallen off , hurting job market , he says Frum : Families that benefited from refinancing their mortgages have had to cut back
CNN  -- South Korea beat fellow World Cup finalists Ivory Coast 2-0 in a friendly international at Loftus Road in London on Wednesday . Lee Dong-gook 's early strike put the Koreans on their way to victory which was sealed by Kwak Tae-hwi 's late header . Both teams had several English Premier League stars in their ranks , with Korea captained by Manchester United 's Park Ji-sung while the Ivorians had Chelsea 's Didier Drogba and Portsmouth 's Aruna Dindane in attack and Arsenal 's Emmanuel Eboue in defense . Drogba came close several times for the Elephants , who crashed out in the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations to Algeria , and are without a coach after the subsequent sacking of Vahid Halihodzic . The Ivory Coast have been linked with former Chelsea and Russia boss Guus Hiddink and need to show an improvement with Brazil and Portugal in a tough group in South Africa . It was the Koreans who gave their rowdy supporters at the home of second flight English side Queens Park Rangers the most to cheer and they were ahead in the fourth minute . A free-kick from Cha Du-ri was only partially cleared and Dong-gook showed superb technique by volleying it past Boubacar Barry . Park nearly gave the Koreans a two-goal cushion but he was denied by an excellent block by Souleman Bamba . United ace Park also saw a shot drift just wide after the break , but in the dying moments they grabbed a deserved second as Kwak headed in Kim Jae-sung 's free-kick . It proved a generally round of friendlies for Africa 's World Cup qualifiers with Algeria , who are in England 's group , thrashed 3-0 at home by Serbia , who are also in the finals . Marko Pantelic , Zdravko Kuzmanovic and Dusko Tosic scored as Rabah Saadane 's team were easily beaten Meanwhile , World Cup hosts South Africa were held 1-1 at home my minnows Namiba who saw Rudolf Bester give them a shock 42nd minute lead . Ghana were beaten 2-1 by Bosnia despite going ahead through Sulley Muntari after 22 minutes but the Super Eagles of Nigeria beat the DR Congo 5-2 as they build up to the finals . Cameroon also received a boost as they held world champions Italy goalless in a later match held in Monte Carlo . Marcelo Lippi fielded an experimental Italian side but they had the better chances although it needed a last-ditch tackle from substitute Gennaro Gattuso to deny Samuel Eto'o a late winner for Cameroon .	South Korea beat Ivory Coast 2-0 in friendly international at Loftus Road in London Goals from Lee Dong-gook and Kwak Tae-hwi seal victory for Koreans Both sides qualified for the World Cup finals with Ivory Coast ranked 31 places higher African World Cup qualifiers endure mixed night but Cameroon draw in Italy
Atlanta  CNN  -- The man chosen to lead the Atlanta Public School system wasted no time making changes in the wake of a cheating scandal that could lead to criminal charges against some principals and teachers . Interim Superintendent Erroll B. Davis Jr. replaced four area superintendents and a school principal at a board meeting Monday night . Hours later , he told CNN 's Randi Kaye that children had been failed , and "  we ca n't allow that to happen , and we ca n't allow anyone who was involved with that remain in our system . " It 's the first step taken by Davis to right the alleged wrongs of nearly 200 educators . The personnel changes were announced less than a week after an investigation revealed that dozens of educators had falsified standardized tests . "  I do n't know why it went on , " Davis told Kaye , but , he said , the district must "  make it clear what our values are . " Davis placed the blame squarely on the shoulders of the administration . "  I believe that all failures in any industry are leadership failures , " Davis said . "  Leadership is accountable for every outcome that takes place under their watch . " The school board has given Davis approval to mandate ethics training for employees and provide remedial help to perhaps thousands of Atlanta Public Schools students who may have improperly advanced because of the cheating . "  We will identify those children , and we will make the requisite investments to remediate the wrongs that were done against them , " Davis told CNN . Dozens of Atlanta public school educators falsified standardized tests or failed to address such misconduct in their schools , Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal said a week ago . He was unveiling the results of a state investigation that confirmed widespread cheating in city schools dating as far back as 2001 . Investigators said 178 teachers and principals working at 44 schools were involved in the cheating scandal . The educators , including 38 principals , were either directly involved in erasing wrong answers on a key standardized test or they knew -- or should have known -- what was going on , according to the governor 's office . Deal 's office said 82 of the educators acknowledged involvement , according to the report . Six principals declined to answer investigators ' questions and invoked the Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination , Deal said . The investigation 's findings have been forwarded to the state teacher licensing board , Deal said . That agency could take disciplinary action against the educators involved . Whether to bring criminal charges will be up to prosecutors , Deal said . The state 's report indicated there was a climate of cheating and performance-at-all-costs during the tenure of former Superintendent Beverly Hall . It 's a charge Hall has denied . But Davis said there was "  a culture of fear and intimidation " that needed to be changed . "  People felt that it was easier to cheat than to miss their goals and objective , " he said . But he also agreed with board members who said it was important to remember that many Atlanta teachers did their jobs well . "  There were so many teachers who have not made ethical compromises who were doing wonderful things on a daily basis , " Davis said . The cheating was brought to light after marked improvements in the district 's performance on the 2009 statewide Criterion-Referenced Competency Tests  CRCT  revealed a pattern of incorrect test answers being erased and replaced with correct answers . Investigators compared the results with test results from other Georgia schools and found that such patterns did not occur normally , Deal said . That the district 's CRCT results fell in 2010 further confirmed the findings , according to the report . Former board chairman Khaatim Sherrer El resigned his District 2 seat at a Monday night meeting . He said he was leaving to accept an out-of-state position , according to the district . The scandal followed a former Atlanta administrator to her new job in Texas . A Texas school district placed its new superintendent , Kathy Augustine , on paid leave effective Tuesday , according to a statement from Augustine . She had served as a deputy superintendent for the Atlanta Public Schools . Augustine has denied any role in the reported cheating . "  I 've read the investigative report from cover to cover , and nowhere does it identify anyone as saying I encouraged , directed or condoned cheating , " Augustine said last week . "  That 's because I did not . " She will be on leave while the DeSoto Independent School District considers what to do about her appointment . Davis said the nature and extent of any charges against educators involved in the scandal will be determined by the district attorney 's office . The principals and teachers accused of cheating will also be referred to the Professional Standards Commission to determine whether they will be allowed to keep their credentials , according to Davis . U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan said the scandal proves there are no shortcuts to success . "  This unfortunate incident highlights the need for transparency and accountability throughout our education system , " Duncan said in a statement last week . "  Having good information to measure student progress is an absolute bedrock requirement in ensuring that schools are preparing our children for success . " In a bid to increase stability as it seeks to overcome the scandal and receive full reaccreditation , the board extended Davis ' contract through June 2012 . Davis recently retired as chancellor of the University System of Georgia .	"  There was a culture of fear and intimidation , " said Interim Superintendent Erroll B. Davis Children who need remedial help will get it , he said A report confirms widespread cheating in Atlanta Public Schools on a state test The local district attorney 's office will determine the nature and extent of charges
CNN  -- First-term Illinois Republican Sen. Mark Kirk said "  no frickin ' way am I retiring " in an interview with Roll Call published Friday morning , instead clearly signaling his intentions to run for reelection in 2016 . His statement comes amid speculation that his health and staff turnover might cause him to step down after his first term . His chief of staff Erik Elk has said he will join the private sector , while other top staffers have joined newly elected GOP Gov. Bruce Rauner 's team . And a debilitating stroke in 2012 has caused the senator to occasionally rely on a wheelchair . "  With all this rehab , for me just to walk was a huge effort , " Kirk told Roll Call . "  I had to re-learn how to walk again after the stroke . And all the rehab and all the effort shows the mental determination times 10 to keep serving . " But Kirk also said that attacks from the left highlighting his previous health problems might actually help his campaign efforts . "  That would not be taken well by the people of Illinois who would not like that kind of attack , " he said . "  It 's the only way that Democrats can win in Illinois , is to say , ` Oh , Kirk has health problems , he 's going to retire . ' " Illinois , typically a deep blue state , will likely be a top target for Democrats in 2016 looking to regain Senate seats after suffering big losses across the country earlier this month . The Chicago Sun-Times reports that his campaign fund raised more than $ 2 million since 2013 .	Illinois GOP Sen. Kirk says he 'll run for reelection in 2016 , despite previous health problems His seat will likely be a target for Democrats looking to take back a seat in the blue state Democratic Rep. Tammy Duckworth is rumored to be considering a challenge
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Documents showing that China offered to sell arms to Moammar Gadhafi in the waning days of his rule are "  the real deal , " a senior member of Libya 's transitional government said Monday . The comment follows a report by Canada 's The Globe and Mail newspaper saying that state-controlled Chinese arms manufacturers were prepared to sell at least $ 200 million worth of weapons to Gadhafi , which would have violated U.N. resolutions banning such transactions . The Globe and Mail said one of its reporters found the documents , in Arabic , in a pile of trash in Tripoli 's Bab Akkarah neighborhood , an enclave that was home to some of Gadhafi 's most loyal supporters . The documents , which were posted Sunday on the website of the Toronto-based newspaper , do not confirm whether any military assistance was delivered to Libya . However , Libya 's National Transitional Council said it appears deliveries might have been made . "  We found several documents that showed us orders , very large orders , of arms and ammunition specifically from China , and now we do know that some of the things that were on the list are here on the ground , and they came in over the last two to six months , " said Abdulrahman Busin , NTC spokesman . He said it is unclear whether the exact list on the document was delivered , "  but there were many things on that list that are here , and these are brand-new equipment , brand-new weapons , brand-new boxes of ammunition that have n't been opened yet , that were clearly delivered only in the last few months . "  Do n't forget that we have many of the generals and high commanders who defected some time ago who know Gadhafi 's regime very , very well , know what he has and does n't have , and we know 100 % that there was a lot of weapons and arms that were delivered to Gadhafi over the last few months -- during the war and during the sanctions , " Busin said . And Mohamed Sayeh , a member of the NTC , said Libya 's new leaders have seen the documents . "  This deal is a real deal and we have seen the official documents , " he said . "  It was signed by Chinese officials , and it was to send guns and artillery to Libya through Algiers to expedite the deal . " China says it followed U.N. Security Council resolutions that banned the export of arms to Gadhafi 's government . "  The Gadhafi regime sent people to China to engage in contact with certain individuals of relevant Chinese companies in July without the knowledge of the Chinese government departments , " Jiang Yu , a spokeswoman for China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , told CNN . "  Chinese companies have not signed any military trade contracts with Libya -- let alone provided military exports to Libya . " The report comes after fighters from the NTC overran Tripoli and ousted Gadhafi , whose whereabouts remained unknown . In a phone interview with the Syrian-based al-Rai television network , a man identified as Gadhafi spokesman Musa Ibrahim declared the fugitive Libyan strongman "  remains patient " and planning a counterattack against the rebel movement that drove him from power . "  I tell the Libyan people not to surrender to the gangs and that the end is near , " Ibrahim said late Monday . Transitional government troops are perched on the outskirts of one of Gadhafi 's last bastions of support , with Libya 's new leaders giving Gadhafi loyalists in Sirte , Bani Walid and a handful of other towns until Saturday to surrender or face attack . But Ibrahim said there was "  ongoing resistance " in areas that Gadhafi has lost , and that Gadhafi "  is inside of Libya fighting . " "  The Libyan forces are still present , " he said . "  We will protect the liberated cities and will get back the cities that were robbed from us , in a legal way and at the right time . " Meanwhile , the NTC says it is moving its headquarters from Benghazi to Tripoli this week to begin implementing its plans for a new future for Libya . And the British government announced Monday that it had re-established its diplomatic mission in Tripoli , led by an acting special representative , Dominic Asquith . "  The arrival of this team marks another significant step in the UK 's relations with the new Libya , and reflects the progress the NTC has made in improving security and stability on the ground , " Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement announcing the move . The documents NTC officials were examining Monday detailed a trip by Gadhafi 's security officials to Beijing on July 16 during which they met with four state-controlled weapons manufacturers , the newspaper reported . "  The companies suggest that they make the contracts with either Algeria or South Africa , because those countries previously worked with China , " the documents say . According to the newspaper , the documents show the Chinese companies noted that many of the items wanted by Gadhafi were in Algeria and could quickly be moved across the Libyan border . The Chinese said they would replace the Algerian arms sent to Libya , the document said . Busin said Mustafa Abdul Jalil , NTC chairman , has "  made it very , very clear that anybody who has helped and supported and stood by Gadhafi over the months would not be greeted well . " China abstained from voting on a Security Council resolution in March that authorized the protection of Libyan civilians by any means necessary , with the exception of a ground invasion . China , however , did approve a Security Council resolution that banned military assistance , including the sale of weapons , to Gadhafi 's government . China , Algeria and South Africa have opposed the NATO bombing campaign in Libya , and the three countries were slow to recognize the authority of the National Transitional Council as Libya 's legitimate authority . Sayeh said the NTC was amazed that the deal was discussed at a time when Gadhafi 's forces were killing "  thousands and thousands of Libyans , and it was done by two U.N. members " who signed the arms embargo . "  We will not forget but we will forgive , and we will start all over again , " Sayeh told CNN . Gadhafi 's wife , two sons and other relatives fled to Algeria recently , deepening mistrust between the NTC and Libya 's neighbor . Algeria said it acted on humanitarian grounds , but it angered the NTC . The transitional council has accused Algeria of supporting the Gadhafi regime . Algerians also complained to the United Nations about damage done to their embassy soon after NTC fighters entered Tripoli . Algeria will in the future recognize the NTC as the government in Libya , Algerian Foreign Minister Mourad Medelci told French radio network Europe 1 last week . "  The NTC has said it is going to set up a government representative of all regions , and when it has done that , we 'll recognize it , " Medelci said . Meanwhile , the Ukrainian Foreign Ministry on Monday said 23 Ukrainian citizens working at Libyan oil industry facilities were arrested . No official charges have been filed , the ministry said in a statement , adding that because of the fighting in the Libyan capital , the NTC is looking at all foreigners in Tripoli with suspicion . The Ukrainian Embassy in Tripoli and the ministry are rendering proper consular assistance to those arrested , the ministry said . As a result , one person was released on Sunday and the others are undergoing security checks , according to the statement . "  Embassy officials are regularly visiting our citizens , examining their conditions and pursuing active steps for their liberation and further return home , " the ministry said . Ukrainian news agencies on Monday quoted Foreign Ministry spokesman Oleg Voloshin as telling reporters that those detained have food and water and there is no threat to their lives . CNN 's Eunice Yoon , Haolan Hong , Maxim Tkachenko and Ingrid Formanek contributed to this report .	NEW : Gadhafi spokesman urges Libyans "  not to surrender to the gangs " NEW : Britain reopens mission in Tripoli Documents suggest Gadhafi sought weapons from China China says its companies did not sell arms to Libya
CNN  -- Three teenagers and a 4-year-old were among the eight deaths in a Virginia shooting , state police said Wednesday . Christopher Speight , 39 , is being held without bond at the Blue Ridge Regional Jail in Lynchburg , Virginia , after being charged with a single count of first degree murder , police said , adding that further charges are pending . Speight surrendered peacefully early Wednesday morning after an overnight manhunt left him hiding in the woods surrounded by a several-square-mile perimeter set up by authorities , Appomattox County Sheriff O. Wilson Staples said . Speight was wearing a bulletproof vest but had no weapons when he surrendered , Staples said . State police identified the victims of Tuesday 's shooting as Ronald I. Scruggs II , 16 ; Emily A. Quarles , 15 ; Karen Quarles , 43 ; Jonathan L. Quarles , 43 ; Dwayne S. Sipe , 38 ; Lauralee Sipe , 38 ; Joshua Sipe , 4 ; and Morgan L. Dobyns , 15 . All were from Appomattox except Scruggs , who was from Dillwyn , about 25 miles away . Police did not say how the victims were related nor did they describe a motive for the shootings . Earlier , they said that Speight lived at the Appomattox home where seven of the eight were found , that he co-owns it and adjoining land and that he was acquainted with all the victims . Police were alerted to the incident Tuesday after noon when a person was discovered badly wounded in the middle of Route 703 . That person later died at a hospital . When police arrived at the scene they heard gunshots , authorities said . Authorities established a perimeter around the area , including dogs and helicopters . One of the helicopters was hit at least four times by bullets but "  was able to make an emergency landing in a field near the scene , " state police said . A search turned up the remaining seven bodies in and around the home , which is about 75 miles southwest of Richmond , Virginia 's capital . On Wednesday , a search of the home turned up explosive devices , Molinar said . He said authorities were safely detonating the devices but he did not describe them .	NEW : Suspect lived at the Appomattox home where seven of the eight victims were found Christopher Speight , 39 , wearing bulletproof vest when he turned himself in , sheriff says Police say suspect shot and hit helicopter , which made emergency landing
CNN  -- We 've all heard the dictum : Do n't text and drive . Now a New Jersey state appeals court has an addendum : Do n't knowingly text a driver -- or you could be held liable if he causes a crash . Kyle Best was behind the wheel of his pickup in September 2009 driving down a rural highway when Shannon Colonna sent him a text . The two were teens at the time . He was 18 ; she was 17 , and they were dating . They sent each other 62 texts that day , according to court documents . In the opposing lane of traffic , David Kubert was cruising along on a big , blue touring motorcycle with his wife , Linda , along for the ride . They approached Best at exactly the wrong time . Can you really be liable for texting a driver ? The texts A court summary of the times of texts and calls to and from Best 's cell phone reflect what happened next : The teens were having a text chat , volleying each other messages every few moments . Seventeen seconds after Best sent a text , he was calling a 911 operator . His truck had drifted across the double center line and hit the Kuberts head-on . The scene Best described to the emergency operator was most certainly gruesome . "  The collision severed , or nearly severed David 's left leg . It shattered Linda 's left leg , leaving her fractured thighbone protruding out of the skin as she lay injured in the road , " the court document said . Best hung up . Colonna texted him two more times . The court did not publish the contents of their messages . Film legend Herzog takes on texting and driving The lawsuit The Kuberts both lost their legs . They sued . But they did n't just go after Best . They included Colonna in the lawsuit . In their minds , she was distracting him and was also responsible for their pain and loss . They settled with Best and lost against Colonna , but they appealed that decision . The plaintiffs ' attorney , Stephen Weinstein , argued that the text sender was electronically in the car with the driver receiving the text and should be treated like someone sitting next to him willfully causing a distraction , legal analyst Marc Saperstein told CNN affiliate WPIX-TV . The argument seemed to work . The ruling On Tuesday , three appeals court judges agreed with it -- in principle . They ruled that if the sender of text messages knows that the recipient is driving and texting at the same time , a court may hold the sender responsible for distraction and hold him or her liable for the accident . "  We hold that the sender of a text message can potentially be liable if an accident is caused by texting , but only if the sender knew or had special reason to know that the recipient would view the text while driving and thus be distracted , " the court said . Explainer : Can you really be liable for texting a driver ? But the judges let Colonna off the hook . She had a habit of sending more than 100 texts a day and was oblivious to whether recipients were driving or not . "  I 'm a young teenager . That 's what we do , " she said in her deposition before the original trial . Since she was unaware that Best was texting while driving , she bore no responsibility , the court decided . "  In this appeal , we must also decide whether plaintiffs have shown sufficient evidence to defeat summary judgment in favor of the remote texter . We conclude they have not , " it said . Survey : Adults text more than teens while driving The reaction During the trial , Colonna , now 21 , found it "  weird " that the plaintiffs tried to nail down whether she knew Best was texting behind the wheel , the court document said . The judges ' decision has elicited a similar response from the state 's governor , Chris Christie . The driver is ultimately responsible , he said . Not someone sending him a text . "  You have the obligation to keep your eyes on the road , your hands on the wheel and pay attention to what you 're doing , " he told radio station New Jersey 101.5 . Other New Jerseyites agreed . "  That 's completely absurd , just because you know you 're driving does n't mean , it really does n't mean they know you 're looking at it , " Joe Applegate told WPIX . "  Even talking to the driver can distract them , so they are going to arrest for someone who simply talked to someone who is driving ? " Louise McKellip asked . The future New Jersey has been cracking down hard on texting and driving in recent years , implementing new laws and regulations that treat it in a similar manner as drunken driving if it involves an injury accident . The state passed a law last year based on the fate of the Kuberts and others who had been killed or maimed by texting motorists . The "  Kulesh , Kubert and Bolish 's Law " makes distracted driving a crime if the driver causes an accident . Fines for bodily injury run as high as $ 150,000 , and the driver can go to jail for up to 10 years . And new legislation proposed by state Sen. James Holzapfel would let police thumb through cellphones if they have "  reasonable grounds " to believe the driver was talking or texting when the wreck occurred . The bill has set off alarm bells with the American Civil Liberties Union of New Jersey . Judge rules using smartphone maps while driving illegal CNN 's Dave Alsup and Julie Cannold contributed to this report .	Kyle Best was behind the wheel of his pickup , texting his friend He swerved into the opposing lane and hit a couple on a motorcycle The couple sued him -- and the girl who was texting him Court : People texting drivers can be liable for wrecks if they know recipient is behind wheel
Polokwane , South Africa  CNN  -- A South African court charged Julius Malema with money laundering Wednesday , and the firebrand politician scoffed at the accusations and riled up his supporters moments after his release on bail . The former youth leader went into an anti-government tirade after his release . He said the charge against him is politically motivated by President Jacob Zuma . Speaking into a microphone , Malema , who appeared without his trademark beret and donned a dark suit and burgundy tie for the hearing , addressed his raucous supporters near the court . He belittled the allegations against him as minor , saying the president told authorities to "  just arrest him for anything . " Prosecutors accused him of unlawfully benefiting from proceeds generated by companies he had shares in . The 31-year-old , who was youth leader for the African National Congress , was thrown out of the ruling party this year . He has denied the allegation . The court did not provide additional details of the charge against him because it is still finalizing the documents , it said . The ruling party said the allegations are not politically motivated . "  The charges have been preferred by competent institutions that derive from our Constitution , " the party said in a statement . "  We want to put it on record that we have confidence in our state institutions to discharge their duties without any political motive . " Before the hearing , Malema 's supporters sang songs deriding the president outside the court in Polokwane . After an overnight vigil at a local hall , they waited for him outside the court , peeking behind razor wire amid heavy security that included riot police . Police closed roads leading to the court and deployed a water cannon to the scene . "  Hands off Malema , " placards outside the court read . "  Malema will rule one day ! " Who is Julius Malema ? Malema was freed on $ 1,215 bail and is scheduled to return to court on November 30 . Crimes in South Africa are categorized between schedule one and schedule five , the latter being the most serious . His alleged crime falls under schedule one , according to his lawyers . Malema , once a major ally of the president , is now one of his fiercest critics . His populist rhetoric has made him a controversial figure in the nation and sparked outrage in the ruling party . His supporters have said he is being persecuted for challenging Zuma 's leadership before a December vote for head of the powerful ruling party . Malema 's brash , populist message resonates with some of the nation 's disenfranchised , who took to the streets in protest when he was ousted from the ruling party . The party , accusing him of sowing division and hate speech , first suspended him , then shot down his appeal and expelled him in April . Zuma and Malema broke ties despite the latter 's role in propelling him to power in 2009 . Malema was instrumental in the president 's election and campaigned across the nation on his behalf . In recent years , he has accused his administration of intolerance and failure to improve the lives of the poor . Malema has also called for nationwide strikes in the mining industry , dismaying politicians trying to quell labor discontent among workers . His calls came after police killed 34 striking mine workers in August during the miners ' labor protests to demand higher pay . The killings -- one of the deadliest attacks since the end of apartheid -- sparked a firestorm in the nation . Malema 's controversial road to fame includes his calls to seize white-owned farms in South Africa , especially incendiary in a nation with a history of racial tensions . The self-described "  economic freedom fighter " has renewed his calls for the nationalization of mines , unnerving potential investors . Polokwane , which is north of Johannesburg , is the capital of Malema 's native Limpopo province . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed from South Africa , and Faith Karimi from Atlanta .	NEW : The ruling party says the charge is not politically motivated The former youth leader is granted bail He is scheduled to return to court on November 30 Malema , who helped bring the president to power in 2009 , enjoys wide support
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- A cholera outbreak in Haiti continues to spread to previously unaffected areas in rural communities , killing 442 people and hospitalizing 6,742 others , the Pan American Health Organization said Wednesday . Health authorities are concerned that the situation may worsen as Tropical Storm Tomas approaches the impoverished nation , still recovering from a devastating January earthquake that killed 250,000 people and left 1 million homeless . Tomas is projected to pass over Haiti on Friday . Health officials set up six cholera treatment centers in Port-au-Prince , the nation 's capital . Four of the centers are fully operational , the Pan American Health Organization said . Four more are planned . Officials hope to create 2,000 beds in the treatment centers , the health agency said . In addition , the agency said , cholera treatment tents will be established at 14 hospitals in Port-au-Prince as soon as Tomas clears the island nation . Cholera is an intestinal infection caused by ingestion of bacteria-contaminated food or water . The infection causes watery diarrhea and vomiting , which can quickly lead to severe dehydration and death if not treated promptly . About 80 percent of cases can be cured by rehydrating the patient , the Pan American Health Organization said . The disease is one of the leading causes of death in the world , particularly in developing countries . There are an estimated 3 million to 5 million cholera cases and 100,000 to 120,000 deaths every year worldwide , the health agency said .	NEW : Cholera causes up to 120,000 deaths worldwide every year Tropical Storm Tomas could worsen the situation , officials say The storm is forecast to pass over Haiti on Friday
CNN  -- The place where the Syrian uprising began two years ago , the Omari mosque in the city of Daraa , crumbled Saturday amid fighting between rebels and government forces . The minaret is shown toppling into a cloud of dust in a video posted on YouTube . The cameraman says government forces are the ones who brought it down , but his claim can not be independently verified by CNN . Daraa was one of several places where rebels and government forces clashed on Saturday , according to activist groups . Throughout the past two years , the Omari mosque has been a gathering place for protesters , the center of anti-government demonstrations in the city . At the start of the uprising , it was briefly used as a civilian hospital for wounded protesters . The mosque was the first place protesters gathered in March 2011 to protest the arrest and alleged torture of teenagers who sprayed anti-Assad graffiti , sparking the waves of weekly peaceful demonstrations that eventually spread across the country . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition group , said there was shelling using surface-to-surface missiles and phosphorus bombs in Daraa and other parts of the country . By the end of Saturday , 115 people were killed in Syria , including 12 in Daraa , the Local Coordination Committees said . Syrian activists tell CNN the government is using an increasing number of phosphorus bombs , incendiary weapons that can cause serious chemical burns . They are controversial but not banned by any treaty . "  Phosphorus burns on the skin are deep and painful , " according to GlobalSecurity.org , a military research website . It says the burns are usually multiple and deep , down to the bone , and the particles will continue to burn unless deprived of oxygen . Activists reported an incident of phosphorus bombs in Merayiya , in Deir Ezzor province , on Friday . The Local Coordination Committees reported helicopters dropped phosphorus bombs over the town of Khirbet Ghazaleh in Daraa province Saturday . Video posted to YouTube on Friday is purported to show Merayiya . Thin streams of white smoke fall out of the clear sky onto pastoral farmland , where small fires then dot the landscape and create smoke that blankets the area . Another video on YouTube , posted Saturday , apparently of Khirbet Ghazaleh , shows a small fire burning in the bricks and rubble of a house , emanating heavy white smoke . CNN can not verify the authenticity of the videos . Phosphorus bombs often are used for smoke screens and become luminous in the dark , GlobalSecurity.org says . Human Rights Watch says incendiary weapons such as phosphorus bombs "  produce terrible scarring and disfigurement . The victims who survive endure painful treatments , suffer from psychological trauma and , in some cases , are ostracized by society . " Fighting raged Saturday in the Syrian capital of Damascus , a spokesman for the Abu Qtada Military Council told CNN . There were clashes at the gates of the city , in the Yarmouk refugee camp , and in the Damascus suburbs , where he reported artillery shelling by government troops . The Italian Foreign Ministry reported Saturday that four Italian journalists who were held hostage in Syria for more than a week were released . The Italian news agency ANSA reported the group was abducted in northern Syria on April 5 . It said they were taken to Turkey after their release . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Neda Farshbaf , and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Omari mosque in Daraa was the first place protesters gathered in 2011 Rebels blame government forces for bringing it down Syrian activists say the government is using more and more phosphorus bombs The bombs are controversial for the severe chemical burns they can cause
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- When President Barack Obama said Wednesday night that Rep. Gabrielle Giffords had opened her eyes for the first time since being shot on Saturday , an overflow crowd of nearly 30,000 people at a memorial event erupted into cheers that the congresswoman may have heard in her hospital room . Obama said he learned of the eye-opening from Giffords ' husband , astronaut Mark Kelly . "  She knows we 're here , and she knows we love her , and she knows that we will be rooting for her throughout what will be a difficult journey , " the president said at a memorial in Tucson to honor the victims of the shooting . Giffords is still listed in critical condition at the University of Arizona 's University Medical Center . Suspect Jared Loughner allegedly fired at her first , striking her in the head . As soon as Obama finished his remarks , Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , let it be known that she , Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , D-Florida , and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , were in the room at the time , along with Kelly and Giffords ' parents . "  It was like witnessing a miracle , " Gillibrand told CNN . "  Debbie and I were telling her how much she was inspiring the nation with her courage , her strength , and we were talking about the things we wanted to do as soon as she was better , " the senator said . "  I said , ` We 'll have another night out for beer and pizza with your husband . ' And Debbie started talking to her about their house in New Hampshire , just talking about all the things we wanted to do , and all of a sudden she started to struggle to open her eyes . So Mark saw that and said , ` Open your eyes , Gabby , open your eyes . ' She kept struggling and struggling and Mark just kept encouraging her . And within a moment she literally opened her eyes . " "  The doctors could n't believe it , " Wasserman Schultz said . "  Mark started encouraging her , saying ` Gabby , give me a thumbs up if you can see , if you can see me , touch my ring , touch my wedding ring . ' She started doing that , " she said . "  We just kept talking to her and talking to her about the fun we 've had with her , and so then she opened her eyes more . She went from opening her eyes really just in slits to opening them nearly fully . It was n't very long , and then they closed again . But it was just absolutely -- it was the most incredible , aside from my kids , the most incredible experience . " Giffords kept her eyes open "  for a moment , " Gillibrand said -- "  maybe 30 seconds , maybe 60 seconds . " "  You could see she was focusing and Mark said , ` Gabby if you can see me , give me the thumbs up , ' and not only did she give the thumbs up , she literally raised her entire hand , " Gillibrand later told CNN . Doctors sent them out of the room shortly after that , Gillibrand said , because Giffords needed to rest .	Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand : "  It was like witnessing a miracle " Gillibrand , Reps. Nancy Pelosi and Debbie Wasserman Schultz were in Giffords ' hospital room Wasserman Schultz : "  The doctors could n't believe it " Thousands at a memorial event cheer when Obama announces the development
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Department of Homeland Security and FBI have issued security bulletins to raise awareness regarding "  terrorist interest " in attacking sports and entertainment venues as well as luxury hotels . The bulletins , which were sent to law enforcement Monday , said that authorities did not know of any credible or specific terrorist plots to attack U.S. stadiums , arenas or luxury hotels . However , it said that terrorist groups such as al Qaeda view crowded stadiums and arenas as potential targets . It said hotels are also attractive targets for terrorists . The Department of Homeland Security said it released the notes to assist law enforcement partners as they go about their daily duties . "  While DHS and FBI have no information regarding the timing , location or target of any planned attack , we believe it is prudent to raise the security awareness of our local law enforcement partners regarding the targets and tactics of previous terrorist activity , " the department said . The bulletins did not mention the recent arrest of three men in connection with what the Justice Department has said was a plot to detonate bombs in the United States . The men are charged with lying to federal agents during the probe of the alleged plot . The bulletin on stadiums and arenas said that previous attacks against crowd gatherings have included improvised explosive devices and car bombs , "  tactics that are also applicable to many stadiums and arenas . ... "  Detained terrorists have also discussed the use of aircraft and chemical weapons to attack stadiums and arenas . " It said the al Qaeda training manual lists " ` blasting and destroying the places of amusement , immorality and sin ... and attacking vital economic centers ' as a key objective . " The bulletins on luxury hotels said analysis of previous attacks abroad and thwarted plots showed that terrorists have used paramilitary and "  small unit " tactics , explosives , improvised explosive devices and car bombs . It said hotel owners can protect their properties by installing fencing or walls around the buildings and populated areas ; implementing random screening of people and their possessions ; and training security staff .	Department of Homeland Security and FBI issue security bulletins No credible or specific terrorist attack threats at this time , agencies say Crowds at stadiums , hotels generate terrorist attention , agencies say
CNN  -- Jerusalem , and Ramallah , West Bank : two crucial stops for U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in his ongoing attempt to broker peace between Israel and the Palestinians . Kerry will travel to those cities on New Year 's Day to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , respectively , "  to discuss ongoing final status negotiations between the Israelis and Palestinians , among other issues , " the State Department said in a statement Saturday . This will be the ninth trip to the region for Kerry , who has said that leaders remain "  as determined as ever " to negotiate a peace deal . He kicked off talks in July , but in November , both sides dug into their decades-old trenches and passed around blame . Israelis and Palestinians are four months into a nine-month deadline given to them by Kerry to reach a peace deal , with little visible progress . But just hours after Kerry 's plans were made public , Israel announced that 26 Palestinian prisoners will be freed over the next two days . The release is part of the deal that set in place the current peace talks , Netanyahu 's office said in a statement . All of the released prisoners perpetrated offenses prior to the Oslo accords and have served sentences of 19-28 years , the Israeli statement said . With direct negotiations between the two sides flailing , the United States seems to have moved into a more muscular role as mediator by presenting its own bridging proposals to the parties instead of relying on the Israelis and Palestinians to negotiate among themselves . On Kerry 's last visit to the Middle East , earlier this month , talk of Iran 's nuclear program took center stage . That visit was the first following the deal Iran reached with the United States and five other world powers over its nuclear program . The agreement calls for the easing of economic sanctions on Iran in exchange for increased inspections and limits on the country 's uranium enrichment program , which many international analysts fear is meant for military purposes . Netanyahu has strongly criticized the agreement . As for the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , Netanyahu has said that security is a must . Israel has insisted its own troops must remain in the Jordan Valley , as opposed to the international troops that patrol the tense borders with Syria and Lebanon . Palestinians have rejected , out of hand , having Israeli soldiers within the borders of their own states . Palestinians have further argued that Israel has been sowing distrust by continuing the construction of thousands of Jewish settlement units on the West Bank and other land that Palestinians claim as theirs . CNN 's Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report	NEW : Israel plans to release 26 Palestinian prisoners over the next two days Secretary of State John Kerry will travel to Jerusalem and Ramallah on January 1 Next week 's trip will be Kerry 's ninth trip to the region He kicked off peace talks between the Israelis and Palestinians in July , but in November , both sides dug in and passed around blame
CNN  -- "  I 'm here , where are you ? " It happens all the time . You 're waiting to meet a friend and get a call or text like this . "  But I 'm here , " you insist . Even with addresses in hand , exact locations often remain elusive , and meet-ups get missed . The usual response -- a quick look around , squinting to make out some local landmark to tell them to meet you by -- might be okay for some . But having spent ten years in the music and events business , Chris Sheldrick was tired of spending his time telling suppliers , staff , and guests where to look for a venue 's back or side entrance . In businesses like his , the small nuisance can become a timewasting burden : "  We always had this problem , " he says . What3Words  W3W  believes it has found a solution . The start-up , co-founded last year by Sheldrick , divides the entire world into a grid of three meter by three meter squares -- 57 trillion of them in total . Each square has been labeled with a three word sequence . Standing beneath the Eiffel Tower ? You 're at "  shut.tech.requests . " Want to meet on the front doorstep of Buckingham Place ? Tell a friend "  sound.manual.lungs . " Climbed to the top of Ayers Rock ? That 's "  snake.removes.gymnast " . "  Now , anyone can just say ` table.lamp.spoon ' and it 's much easier than giving a full address and explanation of how to find a location , " says Sheldrick . In developed western countries , the precise system could be the answer to countless small problems , and over this summer the company has highlighted how W3W can help in jumbled music festival campsites , and sprawling parking lots . In the developing world , competing address systems can create confusion or , worse , no formal address system is present . How it works Sheldrick knew the solution was already out there . Google Maps can give you GPS coordinates that will direct someone to a precise location . But remembering the 15 digit code -- or communicating one to a delivery driver down a dodgy phone line while organizing a busy event -- is bound to end in failure . "  For human beings , it 's completely impractical , " he says What3Words has received $ 1.5 m in start-up funding since it launched last year and the company is now expanding to incorporate more languages . With each new language -- English , Spanish , German , Russian , Italian , French , Turkish , and Portuguese are all available -- each square is assigned an additional name . There 's almost 40,000 words of each language in the mix , but W3W has allocated the shortest , most commonly used ones to the areas where they 're most likely to be used . So the front steps of the Swedish National Museum in Stockholm are called "  calf.router.shunted " if you search in English , but the more common words "  skri.elev.skrika " in Swedish . To streamline the process , Sheldrick explains that the team have removed all the homophones from the mix -- so you wo n't end up wondering if your friend said "  teas , " "  tease , " or "  tees " -- as well as controversial spellings . Gone , too , are all those explicit words you that you probably would n't want to say to direct visitors to your front door . Unfortunately , language is rarely that simple and even three apparently innocent words , arranged appropriately -- say "  lazy.trouser.snake "  a roadside plot just outside Hiroshima , Japan  -- are bound to haunt a few addresses . Sheldrick says there 's no way of changing each allocated address , but that they have n't had any complaints yet . And , besides , a dodgy name has done no harm to many traditional addresses . Big impact ? Sheldrick , meanwhile , is thinking big , and the company is pondering what role the three-word system could offer in countries where development can be obstructed by a lack of a reliable , intuitive , system of addresses . "  In a lot of the developing world , addresses are something governments have been working on for sometimes a decade , " says Sheldrick . He believes , W3W can offer a ready-made system , allowing governments to forget what to call a place , and to focus on helping the people there . See also : Take a look inside Tehran 's transformer house See also : London 's insane luxury basements See also : Who invests the most in global property ?	Startup What3Words aims to replace every address with a simple three word code CEO Chris Sheldrick says the new system is faster , simpler and more precise It promises to connect those in the developing world who lack a reliable address system But what if your three word address was less than flattering ?
CNN  -- The director of a documentary about a notorious Ugandan warlord that went viral after its release this month was picked up by police Thursday in San Diego after several people reported a man running through the streets in his underwear , screaming , sources said Friday . While San Diego police declined to provide the identity of the 33-year-old man , an official familiar with the case confirmed him to be Jason Russell . Police said the man , who 911 callers said was interfering with traffic and acting irrationally , was not arrested and was transported to a local medical facility . Russell is one of the founders of the San Diego-based nonprofit group Invisible Children , which produced the half-hour film about warlord Joseph Kony . "  Kony 2012 " skyrocketed to popularity on YouTube , propelled by thousands of posts on Twitter and Facebook , garnering nearly 80 million views since its March 5 release . Ben Keesey , the group 's chief executive , issued a statement Friday confirming that Russell was hospitalized for "  exhaustion , dehydration and malnutrition . " "  The past two weeks have taken a severe emotional toll on all of us , Jason especially , and that toll manifested itself in an unfortunate incident yesterday , " Keesey said . The popularity of the film led to a flurry of media appearances for Russell and his fellow Invisible Children co-founders and prompted scrutiny from some who argued that the social media frenzy was too little , too late . The group has said it hopes the film and other efforts will make Kony a household name and drum up international support to halt killings , rapes , abuses and abductions committed by his group , the Lord 's Resistance Army , in central Africa . Kony has operated in central Africa for two decades and is wanted for crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court . In October , the United States sent 100 combat-equipped troops on a mission to kill or capture Kony . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	Source : Jason Russell was picked up by police after running in the street in his underwear He has been hospitalized for "  exhaustion , dehydration and malnutrition , " his nonprofit says Russell has made a flurry of media appearances since the documentary went viral
CNN  -- William Fox-Pitt sounds rather like a character straight out of the pages of a novel and , at times , his life has played out like one . He used to teach the "  Queen of Pop " Madonna how to ride a horse , while his first wife left him for his arch-rival on the three-day eventing circuit , Andrew Nicholson . It is a career beset by tragedies too -- of riders and horses -- that made him think twice about climbing back into the saddle . But now happily married for a second time , the Briton has three children and a myriad of victories . At the age of 45 , the world No. 1 is still riding and is still desperately seeking that elusive Olympic gold medal . "  If I 'd won gold at London 2012 , it might have been different , " Fox-Pitt , who won team silver at his home Games , adding to the bronze he won in Beijing four years earlier and another silver secured in Athens in 2004 , tells CNN . "  That would have been a good time to think I 'll kick back . But I 'm still living the dream over again . "  Of course , there 's the sense that I 've used up a lot of good luck in an obviously dangerous sport . But if you 're doing something you love , it 's worth the risk . "  In the front of your mind , there 's that sense you could have a prang and end up in a mess . But this is a calculated risk . If your number is up crossing the road , riding a horse or getting in the car , that 's how it is . It certainly makes everything feel more fragile . " It is 23 years since Fox-Pitt thought about walking away from the sport altogether . Competing at the prestigious annual Badminton event in the UK , his mount Briarlands Pippin lost a shoe just before a fence , slipped , flipped over at the fence and had to be put down because of a broken neck . For all the bravado required for such a dangerous sport , Fox-Pitt talks of that moment as though the emotional wounds are still raw . "  I was really quite damaged by that , " he recalls . "  I remember being very unsure whether I thought this was a good sport . I 've had some bad falls , times when I 've woken up in the air ambulance , I 've had friends that have died doing this . "  And yes you do ask yourself , ` what on earth are you doing ? ' But if you 're going to break your neck , you might as well be doing something you love . Thankfully I 'm still hanging in there . " This is not the rider nor family man brushing off the obvious repercussions of a fall , but rather the elite athlete in him knowing that he can not spend too much time dwelling on the what ifs of his sport . That sport reached its nadir in 1999 with five rider deaths in as many months , a period Fox-Pitt described as a "  freak year " . Improvements in safety have steadily come into force in the proceeding 15 years , with collapsible fences and inflatable jackets for riders . But while Fox-Pitt wants to be safe , he does not want to entirely eradicate the inherent dangers of horse and man riding over gargantuan fences , often at breakneck speeds . "  I think there has to be an element of risk , otherwise no one would want to do it , " he explains . "  It 's a bit like Formula 1 . I 'm sure the guys are the same before a race -- at the start of the cross-country I get that feeling in the pit of my stomach . It 's the excitement , the anticipation and the nerves . It 's a very raw feeling ahead of what you 're hoping to conquer . " The Briton , who was educated at Eton , where Princes William and Harry and British Prime Minister David Cameron among others attended , is bemused as to how he has made it to the pinnacle of his sport . Modest to the core , he says : "  I never thought this would happen . When I started competitively I was quite average . Riding was just a family thing to do . " But that modest beginner has managed to become the golden boy of eventing , something which seemed to catch the attention of Madonna when she was married to Guy Ritchie and living in the UK . "  Well , I 'm not sure it was because of what I 'd achieved but just simple geography that she approached me -- she lived nearby with Guy Ritchie , " Fox-Pitt says . But how was it teaching the notoriously volatile "  Queen of Pop " how to ride ? "  It was a very enjoyable and surreal experience , " Fox-Pitt , who taught her for two or three years , says . "  When she arrived , no one could quite believe it was happening and there is something about her that 's quite extraordinary , but it was also all very normal , she was very normal . "  Horses are great releases for people and I think the riding was just that for her . Needless to say she took it very seriously . She 's quite feisty and we had a few , how should I put it , heated debates about stuff . It was a fun time but it 's all in the past now . " Similarly in the past is Fox-Pitt 's previous life with Wiggy , his first wife , who left him for Nicholson , the New Zealand horseman who is currently ranked second in the world . Fox-Pitt , however , can now look back on the separation and laugh . "  It was a bit like something out of Eastenders , " he says . "  I can see people like to make a lot of the rivalry and that 's good for the sport . It adds an interesting twist to something that can often be dull I guess . "  It 's someone that the media and people supporting make quite a hoodoo about and that can be quite tiring . Everyone seems to have their team -- his or mine . I guess it 's fun for most people . " The relations between the pair are understandably still frosty because of their personal and professional lives , while there are few words exchanged between the two riders , except for the odd congratulations should one get the upper hand on the other . Yet there is so much more to Fox-Pitt than the remarkable horseman that he is . There is his indomitable mother , Marietta , who spurred him on to ride and would not accept his occasional decisions to quit . There are the contradicting aspects of him -- that he is part of the bloodline of William Pitt , British Prime Minister in the 18th Century , which contrast to the black eye he sported after sumo wrestling at his bachelor party , prior to his second marriage to the television presenter Alice Plunkett . But first and foremost , he is known for pulling off the ultimate equestrian juggling act , mastering the three complex disciplines of dressage , cross-country and show jumping . Quite how much longer he will ride is a question he can not answer . Rio de Janeiro 2016 is an obvious cut-off point but , then again , so was London 2012 . "  I really had to do London -- if I had n't that would have been devastating -- and in many ways everything else is a bonus , " Fox-Pitt adds . "  It takes a long time in eventing to build up your business , horses and sponsors and to finally make some money . My horses would n't retire and I 'm not sure I could see someone else ride them . "  I could do without the sick feeling in my stomach before a big event but I 'm not done yet . I 'm still having fun . "	Fox-Pitt risks life and limb in his bid to remain the world 's No. 1 three-day event rider He has toyed with quitting the sport after the deaths of close friends and horses When Madonna lived in the UK , he used to teach the "  Queen of Pop " how to ride His heart is now set on winning a so-far elusive Olympic gold medal in 2016
CNN  -- "  Family Guy " fans are not letting Brian Griffin go gently into the night . After the Fox animated comedy killed the character in Sunday 's episode , several fans have signed a Change.org petition pleading with creator Seth MacFarlane and Fox Broadcasting to bring Brian back . To many , the four-legged cast member was a necessary part of the Griffin family , and a replacement dog -- even one voiced by "  The Sopranos ' " Tony Sirico -- just is n't going to cut it . "  The writers of family guy did n't just kill off one of their creations , they killed off the dog who has lived in our homes for the last 15 years , " reads the online petition . "  They killed the dog we all have come to love . They killed America 's dog ! " On Tuesday morning , the petition had already amassed 35,000 signatures and counting . "  Brian Griffin was an important part of our viewing experience , " the petition says . " ` Family Guy ' and Fox Broadcasting will lose viewers if Brian Griffin is not brought back to the show . " In Sunday 's episode , titled "  Life of Brian , " the dog 's demise seemed pretty permanent . Brian was hit by a car attempting to play with his constant companion , baby Stewie , and the devious tot could n't use his time machine to solve the heartbreaking problem . If Brian were to return , it would n't be the first time a TV show has resurrected a character , but Fox did already air a farewell to the smart and snarky pet . Interestingly , MacFarlane has yet to comment publicly on Brian 's death , although a few creatives who 've been involved with the series have spoken up . "  Wilfred " executive producer David Zuckerman tweeted Monday that although he 's no longer involved with "  Family Guy " and knows "  the show 's in good hands , " he still hopes "  Brian is n't really dead . " For what it 's worth , TV critic and author Alan Sepinwall believes "  Brian will stay dead just like Superman did , " as does the New York Times ' Dave Itzkoff , who speculated on Monday , "  Everyone will cover Family Guy just as fervently when the ` dead character ' comes back in a week or two , right ? " Adding to hopes that Brian is n't gone for good is a website called BriansAnnouncement.com , spotted by Deadline Hollywood and Variety . Along with a road sign welcoming visitors to the Griffin family 's hometown of Quahog , Rhode Island , there 's a countdown clock for a "  special announcement from Brian " in 10 days . And yet , Fox has said that the site is a hoax . Producer Steve Callaghan did n't drop any hints about such a site while speaking with E! News after Sunday 's episode , although he did explain that the idea to kill off Brian caught on in the writers ' room and was seen as "  a fun way to shake things up . " "  Our fans are smart enough and have been loyal to our show for long enough , to know that they can trust us , " Callaghan told E! . "  We always make choices that always work to the greatest benefit of the series . "	"  Family Guy " fans are petitioning to bring Brian back But some observers do n't think the character has been killed off for good A website is ramping up suspicion that may be the case A "  Family Guy " producer called Brian 's death a way to "  shake things up "
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea fired two short-range missiles early Sunday towards waters east of the Korean Peninsula , the latest such launch in the tense region , a South Korean official said . The projectiles were fired at 1:20 a.m. and 1:30 a.m. Sunday  12:20 p.m. and 12:30 p.m. ET Saturday  , according to the South Korean defense ministry official . They appear to have flown about 500 kilometers  310 miles  . The official added that South Korea 's military is monitoring the situation closely . North Korea has carried out a series of missile and rocket launches into the sea in recent months , drawing criticism from South Korea , the United States and the United Nations . South Korea and the United States , especially , have long expressed concerns about both missile launches and that Pyongyang might be moving closer to developing nuclear weapons . Prior to Sunday , the most recent such launch happened Wednesday morning , according to a South Korean defense ministry official . North Korea did not declare a no-fly zone prior to the launch , of what was assumed to be short-range ballistic missiles , from North Korea 's western Hwanghae Province , the official said . No damage or injures were reported .	South Korean official : 2 short-range missiles are fired from North Korea South Korea 's military is monitoring the situation closely , the official adds
CNN  -- General Motor 's own investigation may be over , but Congress has just begun . CNN has learned from Republican and Democratic sources that the House Energy and Commerce Committee plans to hold hearings this month on how the automaker allowed fatally flawed ignition switches to remain inside vehicles for years . The Senate wo n't be far behind . Sen. Claire McCaskill , Democrat of Missouri whose subcommittee is handling the issue , announced Thursday that she , too , would hold a hearing this summer . The push for hearings is one of many signs that even as GM put its internal investigation to rest Thursday , lawmakers have not made up their minds about how the company handled the problem , whether there could be criminal wrongdoing , and what are the company 's responsibilities to victims from its mistake . "  The conclusion of GM 's internal investigation marks an important milestone , " wrote House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Fred Upton in a statement released by his office . Family ` angry ' despite GM firings "  But our investigation continues as many questions remain for both the company and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , " the Michigan Republican said . Upton praised an investigative report commissioned by GM and produced by former U.S. Attorney Anton Valuka as "  thorough , " but said that it raised concerns about how the company handled the switch problem . GM admitted in February that its engineers first knew of the ignition switch problem as early as 2004 . But it did not recall some 2.6 million affected vehicles until earlier this year . "  The initial findings are deeply disturbing , suggesting that communications and management failures ran deep and wide within GM , " he wrote . GM estimates that 13 people died as a result of the switch flaw , which made affected cars prone to shutting off while on the road , disabling the airbags , power steering and anti-lock brakes . The delayed recall was caused by the misconduct of about 20 employees and "  a pattern of incompetence and neglect " throughout the company , the report said . GM Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra announced that 15 employees had been dismissed and five more were been disciplined following the three-month probe . On the Senate side , McCaskill sent out a statement saying she is withholding judgment until she can read the report more closely . "  I 'm looking forward to getting a full briefing from Mr. Valukas , " she wrote , adding a note of scrutiny . "  I wo n't be letting GM leadership , or federal regulators , escape accountability for these tragedies . " The 300-page GM report is at the top of the heap of a much larger pile of paperwork that congressional investigators are sifting through on the issue . The Energy and Commerce Committee says it has received 1 million pages of documents from GM about the ignition switch problem , with some 400,000 pages arriving just in the last week . "  GM 's internal assessment confirms many of the troubling details our ongoing House investigation is uncovering , " wrote Rep. Diane DeGette of Colorado , who is the top Democrat on the House subcommittee tasked with the GM investigation . In a statement , she pointed to some initial conclusions , writing , "  siloed responsibilities and a corporate culture that deemphasized safety created an environment that allowed problems to linger , leading to additional accidents and loss of life . " DeGette is particularly watching an issue that GM has not resolved yet : compensation for victims . "  We also need more details to understand how accident victims may receive compensation from GM as well as what legal rights individuals may have to waive as a condition of payment , " she wrote . Barra said the company would create a program to compensate those injured or killed by the defective cars , but she did n't say how large that fund would be . As House and Senate committees prepare for a busy next month , two members of Congress are pushing for something more : a new law . "  We need to enact legislation that requires auto manufacturers to submit information on possible defects as soon as they become aware of them , " wrote Sen. Ed Markey , Democrat of Massachusetts . He and Connecticut Democratic Sen. Richard Blumenthal have proposed the "  Early Warning System Improvement Act of 2014 , " which would require carmakers to automatically submit to NHTSA any accident report involving a fatality , and then it would require the agency make those documents public . Both sit on the Senate Commerce Committee , but so far no other senators have signed onto the bill and its future is not clear GM will pay a $ 35 million fine to safety regulators over the switch debacle and is the subject of a federal criminal probe . GM also faces wrongful death lawsuits from victims ' families . CNN 's Chris Isidore and Poppy Harlow contributed to this report .	Automaker concludes internal investigation of fatal ignition switch problem But House and Senate committees continue to probe the matter , promising hearings Some in GM knew for years there was a problem , but only started big recall this year
Tokyo  CNN  -- At least 18 people have died and 44 people are missing after Typhoon Wipha pummeled the Tokyo area on Wednesday . The majority died after heavy rain triggered flooding and landslides that blocked roads and crushed houses in Oshima , a small island 120 km  75 miles  south of Tokyo , a local official said . One woman died in the Tokyo metropolitan area but the capital was largely spared significant damage . Forty one people were still missing on the offshore island as of Thursday morning local time . iReport : Heavy winds near Tokyo as Typhoon Wipha hits More than 500 domestic and international flights were canceled at Tokyo 's Narita and Haneda airports and the national rail operator halted bullet train services in central and northern Japan . The typhoon moved north along the Pacific coast of Japan and was expected to reach the northernmost island of Hokkaido by late Wednesday . Tokyo Electric Power Company  TEPCO  , the main electricity supplier in Tokyo and central Japan , said blackouts affected more than 56,000 households . TEPCO , which has been struggling to deal with a series of leaks at its Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , said workers at the plant were "  on vigil " and accumulated rainwater had been released from storage tanks . Typhoon Nari pounds the Philippines , killing 13	NEW : 18 people have died , 44 missing after Typhoon Wipha hits the Tokyo area Oshima , a small island south of Tokyo , has been hardest hit More than 500 domestic and international flights were canceled The typhoon is moving north along the Pacific coast of Japan
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo find themselves fighting it out for FIFA 's Ballon d'Or award once again -- but the contest between the world 's two highest-profile footballers is n't only being played out on the pitch . Bayern Munich 's German international goalkeeper Manuel Neuer was the other player on the three-man shortlist revealed Monday , with Ronaldo the overwhelming favorite to take the award . Which means there is no sign of Barcelona 's Messi and Real Madrid poster boy Ronaldo 's domination of the back pages ending any time soon . Both are so globally known that that their every Facebook posting is worth thousands of dollars for brands associated with the two players , while the allure of their names helps shift any and every product with which they are associated . But who is the most marketable ? Is it Messi , the newly-crowned all-time La Liga top scorer ? Or is it Ronaldo , the current Ballon d'Or holder and a man seemingly able to score goals at will , no matter what the competition ? Sports marketing research company Repucom examined 15 different markets , ranging from Spain to the U.S. , and found that Portugal skipper Ronaldo is the better-known of the two : 92 % know of him , while 87 % have heard of Messi . The figures also show that the same number of men know about Messi as women know about Ronaldo -- 91 % . They reveal that Ronaldo sells more effectively , with 86 % of those questioned regarding the ex-Manchester United man as "  an influential brand spokesman . " "  Cristiano Ronaldo dominates in terms of his overall marketability -- largely because of the consistently high levels of awareness people have of him around the world , whilst Messi has a greater proportion of people that do know of him saying they like him , " said Repucom 's global head of research Mike Wragg . That , Repucom says , makes the Real star the most marketable footballer in the world . One leading academic believes Ronaldo 's increasingly growing "  brand " off the pitch is testament to the way his management team have "  packaged him as a formal business proposition " in contrast to Messi . "  There is a clear and deliberate strategic intent on the part of the Ronaldo and his business representatives , " Simon Chadwick , Professor of Sport Business Strategy and Marketing at England 's Coventry University , told CNN . "  The intention has been to create and position a brand that provides consumers with a differential advantage over its rivals . "  We 've seen the development of the CR7 brand , which Ronaldo has used as the basis for the development of his commercial activities . " Whereas Messi was always viewed by many as the ultimate team player , there has also been a shift in the way Ronaldo is now presented to his audience , says Chadwick . "  From a man who has historically been perceived as being self-centered and arrogant , recently Ronaldo 's image has softened as the result of him paying for the medical treatment of a sick fan -- a young child . "  Remember too that Ronaldo had his hair cut in a particular way to mark his relationship with the boy . Those actions have helped in shaping and fashioning the latest incarnation of the Ronaldo brand . " The data also shows that Ronaldo 's online clout is higher than Messi 's . The Real forward boasts more than 102 million Facebook followers , with Repucom calculating his average Facebook post value in 2014 to be worth $ 143,750 . Messi , on the other hand , has 75 million Facebook fans and average post value of $ 62,500 . Are we likely to see Messi being marketed in a different way in the coming years ? "  I 'm not convinced that Messi or his advisors want this , " said Chadwick . "  I think he 's simply happy to play football and pick up some additional commercial income along the way . " The academic argues there are complications in trying to come up with a compelling "  brand proposition " for the Argentine star . "  Five years years ago his brand was something akin to childlike innocence , someone who plays football for the joy of it . but now he has a child he is , therefore , not a child any more . "  And his tax case means that the brand may be perceived as not being innocent any more . "  One way for him to position the Messi ` brand ' might be as a ` family man ' ; but given that he is not married , this may not play out well among some market segments . Meanwhile , back in the footballing arena , the statistics are more reassuring for Messi -- even more so given he is two years younger than the 29-year-old Ronaldo . The Camp Nou talisman is La Liga 's goals record-holder , with 253 strikes to his name , while Ronaldo has 197 . He is also the leading scorer in the Champions League , with 74 goals -- a record held jointly with Raul and only one ahead of Ronaldo 's tally of 71 . And Messi also has the greatest number of Ballon d'Or awards -- four -- with his Real Madrid rival having taken the accolade twice . Ronaldo is Portugal 's leading all-time goalscorer with 52 , while Messi and Gabriel Batistuta share the record of most goals scored in a year for Argentina , each striking 12 times . Messi has hit 44 goals in 95 games for his country overall . So these stars will fight it out for the Ballon D'Or award , unless Manuel Neuer spoils the party .	Globe 's highest-profile players set to fight for Ballon d'Or Award shortlist of three to be revealed on Monday But is Ronaldo more marketable than Messi ? Ronaldo 's Facebook post estimated to be worth $ 143,750 in 2014
Peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians are about to run out of oxygen . The final weeks of a nine-month negotiating window closes at the end of April and the two sides still stand far apart . The talks could end in a matter of days with disturbing consequences . What to do ? Secretary of State John Kerry has an idea : How about releasing Jonathan Pollard , the convicted American spy who has already spent almost three decades in prison for passing information to Israel ? According to a number of reports , a deal to free Pollard and extend talks through 2015 is in the works . Pollard has nothing to do with the two-state solution , with the future status of Jerusalem , with whether or not Palestinians will ever recognize Israel as a Jewish state , with West Bank settlements , or with any of the issues in dispute . But releasing him could give Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu some political cover to make unpopular decisions . Over the years , a growing number of Israelis -- along with many prominent U.S. officials -- have come to see the severity of the sentence imposed on the former civilian intelligence analyst as a gross injustice . A major turning point in perception of the case came when a former U.S. assistant secretary of Defense made an explosive accusation about why Pollard is serving a life sentence . Lawrence Korb , who worked in the Department of Defense when Pollard 's crime came to light , wrote a letter to President Barack Obama urging Pollard 's release . "  I can say with confidence , " he told the President , "  that the severity of Pollard 's sentence is a result of an almost visceral dislike of Israel ... on the part of my boss at the time , Secretary of Defense Caspar Weinberger . " As the 59-year-old Pollard languishes in prison and his health reportedly deteriorates , his plight has gained enormous emotional power , turning him into a valuable negotiating chip . Not everyone in Israel agrees that he should be released . And many American Jews are also deeply uncomfortable with the prominent place that Pollard has assumed in relations between the U.S. and Israel . After all , Pollard did commit a crime . Still , his spying , as a recently declassified CIA damage assessment showed , aimed to collect information not about the U.S. , but about weapons systems in the hands of Arab states , Pakistan and the U.S.S.R. . If Pollard were released after 29 years in prison for a crime that did not harm America -- in fact , it harmed Israel and its relations with Washington -- no one would argue he was not punished for his crime . Releasing pollard would constitute a low-cost effort to keep the peace talks alive and give Netanyahu enough room to make politically unpopular decisions at home . Kerry , whose plate is overflowing with other crises , has invested an astonishing amount of time to bring Israelis and Palestinians together , with no sign of a loss of enthusiasm or erosion of earnestness . His original goal , a peace deal before the end of this month , will not occur . Still , he would like to extend the talks . The Palestinians say they will walk out of the talks and refuse to extend them unless Israel frees 26 more jailed Palestinians , a fourth round of releases , which have included men convicted of murdering Israelis . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who had agreed to the releases as part of the current talks , says he will not free any more unless the Palestinians promise not to walk away from peace negotiations . The talks are in the middle of a thick logjam . And , if that were not depressing enough , the logjam is just about whether or not to continue talking . The sad reality is that there is no sign that any tangible progress has been made on the core issues . During the recent meeting of the Arab League , Arab leaders disagreed about practically everything , but they came together in their rejection of accepting Israel as a Jewish state . Palestinians doubt that Israelis ever intend to relinquish any territory in the West Bank for a Palestinian state , and Israelis doubt that Palestinians are genuinely willing to accept Israel 's existence as the state of the Jewish people . Each side is deeply skeptical of the other 's true intentions , even as majorities of both Palestinians and Israelis say they support a negotiated agreement leading to a peace agreement and a two-state solution . If there is any good news , it is that throughout all the failures of peace-making , the popular desire for a negotiated solution has survived . Despite the high obstacles , the peacemakers know that without negotiations , lasting peace can not come . And that 's where Pollard comes in . The scraggly man who has spent decades in a prison could become the instrument of yet another round of negotiations , allowing Israel to free more Palestinians . That might just be the worst punishment for him . Pollard is reported to be adamantly opposed to what he calls a "  shameful deal . " Every release of prisoners is a triumph for Abbas and a wound for Netanyahu . Israelis cringe when they see the celebrations greeting Palestinian men who have spilled Israeli blood . They seethe at articles in the foreign media that speak of how Israelis "  demonize " Palestinians convicted of murdering Israelis , and they feel betrayed knowing those same men have received salaries from the Palestinian Authority while serving their sentences in Israeli prisons . The pressure from the Israeli hardliners is building on Netanyahu . Deputy Defense Minister Danny Dannon said Palestinians are tricking Israel , with no intention of ever making peace with Israel , just so they can free more prisoners . Dannon says he will resign if a fourth round of releases goes through . Palestinians accuse Netanyahu of reneging on a deal . Amid charges and recriminations from both sides , Kerry just made another rushed trip to the region , seeking to salvage what has increasingly come to be seen as his peace process . The idea of freeing Pollard has come up several times before , at times of crisis in the process . Each time the plan has fallen apart . Pollard remains in prison and peace between Israelis and Palestinians remains barely a dream . But , as stubborn optimists know , things stay the same until they change .	U.S. may release the spy Jonathan Pollard as a chip in Middle East negotiations Frida Ghitis : The move could give Benjamin Netanyahu political leverage in Israel She says if a deal is reached , Israeli-Palestinian talks can continue through 2015 Ghitis : Pollard has nothing to do with peace process , but his release makes sense
LIMA , Peru  CNN  -- A Venezuelan mayor who says President Hugo Chavez is persecuting him on trumped-up corruption charges is seeking political asylum in Peru , his lawyer said Tuesday . Manuel Rosales , mayor of Maracaibo in Venezuela 's Zulia state , is seeking asylum in Peru . Manuel Rosales , a leading political opponent who lost the 2006 presidential race to Hugo Chavez , faces corruption charges in Venezuela . He was supposed to have turned himself in to authorities on Monday but failed to appear . "  According to the jurisprudential traditions of Peru and the historic traditions of asylum , Peru has to accept this petition for asylum , because it concerns a political leader , a man of great responsibility , and because Hugo Chavez has made impassioned public declarations against him in plazas and stadiums , " attorney Javier Valle Riestra told CNN en Espaol . "  That makes one doubt that there could be an impartial process . " He told reporters he expected Peru 's government would make a decision within two months . A spokesman for Rosales ' party , A New Time , predicted the mayor would not lose his impact as an opposition party leader , despite efforts by the ruling party to trim his powers . "  All the powers have been activated to castrate , to lynch politically a leader who has guided the country along the democratic path , through the electoral road , " Timoteo Zambrano told reporters . In Venezuela , government authorities criticized Rosales ' attitude . "  Not presenting himself before a competent tribunal would be make him a fugitive from justice and , in consequence , mechanisms determined by that tribunal will be activated for his capture , " said Tareq El Aissami , minister of interior and justice in Venezuela . "  Here , an investigation by Interpol has to be asked for , " said Congresswoman Iris Varela , a member of Chavez 's party , the United Socialist Party of Venezuela . Zambrano promised that Rosales will respond in the next few days . Belaunde told CNN en Espaol that Rosales entered Peru on a tourist visa . Venezuelan officials say Rosales illegally enriched himself as governor of Zulia state from 2002 to 2004 . Rosales denies the allegation and says Chavez is out to get him for political reasons , and is persecuting him on trumped-up corruption charges . "  Since they have n't been able to take me off the political map by the electoral route , now they 're using the power they have in all the movements of the public prosecutor , " Rosales told CNN en Espaol last month . One of Rosales ' lawyers noted that Chavez said publicly in October 2008 , before Rosales was charged , that he wanted the mayor in prison . Another prominent Chavez opponent was arrested this month on corruption charges . Former Venezuelan Defense Minister Raul Baduel played a key role in turning back a coup attempt against Chavez in 2002 but broke with him in November 2007 over constitutional changes Chavez was proposing . Baduel has been a strong Chavez critic since then . Baduel , who also was the president 's military general-in-chief , was arrested at gunpoint in front of his wife on April 2 , the general 's attorney said at the time . It was Baduel 's second arrest on charges that he stole $ 14 million from the armed forces . He denied the allegation and last year said the charges were politically motivated . In last month 's interview , Rosales called the charges that he had illegally accepted money "  totally false , " and said he not only declared all of his income , but paid taxes on it . Katiuska Plaza , district attorney for Zulia state , said in a 26-count complaint last month that Rosales illegally enriched himself in 2002 and 2004 . Rosales called the district attorney 's actions "  a manipulation , " and said the prosecutor "  is acting on Chavez 's orders . " Journalist Andreina Flores in Caracas and Maria Elena Belaunde in Lima contributed to this story .	Venezuelan mayor Manuel Rosales seeking asylum in Peru , his lawyer says Rosales says corruption charges are trumped-up , cites political reasons Mayor was supposed to have turned himself in Monday but failed to appear
CNN  -- The European economy may be experiencing a downturn , but the continent 's wealthiest football clubs have once again bucked the trend according to financial adviser Deloitte . The Football Money League shows that the combined revenue of Europe 's top soccer clubs was $ 4.4 billion  $ 5.8 billion  for the 2010-11 season , a 3 % rise on the previous year . Spanish giants Real Madrid have been named Europe 's highest-earning club for the seventh year in a row . The nine-time European champions ' revenue of $ 479.5 million  $ 635 million  is an increase on $ 438.6 million for 2009-10 . Real 's archrivals and reigning Spanish and European champions Barcelona were second on the 20-club list with a revenue of $ 450.7 million  $ 597 million  . The Madrid giants are closing in on Manchester United 's record of topping the list for eight consecutive years . The top six clubs in the money league have remained the same for the fourth year in a row . "  Continued growth of the top 20 clubs during 2010-11 emphasizes the strength of football 's top clubs , especially in these tough economic times , " Deloitte partner Dan Jones said . "  Whilst revenue growth has slowed from 8 % in 2009-10 to 3 % in 2010-11 , their large and loyal supporter bases , ability to drive strong broadcast audiences and continuing attraction to corporate partners has made them relatively resilient to the economic downturn . " England boasted the most teams in the list with a total of six . Premier League champions United were third on the list , having generated $ 367 million  $ 486 million  , up from $ 349.8 million . The London duo of Arsenal and Chelsea were fifth and sixth on the list respectively . Arsene Wenger 's Arsenal boasted a revenue of $ 251.1 million  $ 332 million  , down on last year 's figure of $ 274.1 million . Chelsea , backed by Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich , saw revenue fall from $ 255.9 million in 2009-10 to $ 249.8 million  $ 330 million  . The other English clubs on the list were ninth-placed Liverpool  $ 203.3 million  , Tottenham Hotspur in 11th with $ 181 million and big-spending Premier League leaders Manchester City in 12th on $ 169.9 million . Four-time European champions Bayern Munich were the leading German club on the list in fourth place having generated $ 321.4 million  $ 425 million  -- a small decrease on the previous period . Tenth-placed Schalke , Borussia Dortmund in 16th and Hamburg , 18th , were Germany 's other representatives . Five Italian clubs made the top 20 with city rivals AC Milan  $ 235.1 million  and Inter  $ 211.4 million  seventh and eighth respectively as both suffered reductions in revenues . Serie A leaders Juventus were 10th with Roma rising three places to 15th and Napoli up to 20th after qualifying for the European Champions League . France had two clubs on the list , with 14th-placed Marseille  $ 150.4 million  and Lyon  $ 132.8 million  in 17th position .	Real Madrid named Europe 's top-earning team for the seventh year in a row Real head archrivals Barcelona at the top of the Deloitte Football Money League English champions Manchester United are third , with Germany 's Bayern Munich fourth In total , the 20 clubs on the list generated $ 5.8 billion during the 2010/11 season
London , England  CNN  -- A mystery bidder has paid $ 104.3 million for a piece of art in London , making it the most expensive artwork ever sold at auction . Alberto Giacometti 's "  L'homme qui marche 1  Walking Man 1  " was sold in less than eight minutes to an anonymous telephone bidder during an auction at Sotheby 's . The previous record for a piece of art sold at auction was $ 104.1 million for Pablo Picasso 's "  Garcon a la Pipe . " "  We knew that there was going to be a lot of demand for this great piece of art , but we were really amazed , " said Melanie Clore , deputy chairman of Sotheby 's . "  We knew that this was an incredibly important and rare masterpiece and probably one of the most important sculptures of the 21st century . " Would you pay $ 104 million for the sculpture ? The life-size bronze sculpture of a man was made in 1961 and was originally cast in an edition of six by the Swiss artist . It was a record-breaking night for the auction house , as another piece of art was sold for $ 43 million , making it the most ever paid for a landscape artwork . The painting by Gustav Klimt entitled "  Kirche in Cassone " was purchased by another mystery buyer . It was the first time in decades that the Klimt painting became available to the public for auction . "  This is a painting that was never on the market and hidden away a long time ago , " Clore said . "  It was stolen by the Nazis , finally returned to its rightful owners , and now we are lucky to have it come to the market . There was a real hunger and thirst for something like this . " The night 's auction had 39 works , and the total sale price was a staggering $ 235 million , making it the highest value sale ever staged in London . Read about the five most expensive pieces of art to go on the block Bidding came from 30 countries , and the majority of the buyers were anonymous . "  These are just serious people who are important collectors and really want to own these spectacular pieces , " Clore said . "  When they see these pieces of art , they fall in love ... just as they would fall in love with a person . "	A mystery bidder paid $ 104 million for a Giacometti sculpture It was the most paid for a piece of art sold at auction A Gustav Klimt landscape painting took in $ 43 million The entire auction took in a record-breaking $ 235 million on the night
London  CNN  -- Seven years after upsetting favorite Paris to win the right to host the 2012 Olympics , London is in the final straight of a long and often bumpy run-up to stage the sporting showpiece . As the city marks 100 days to go until the opening ceremony on Wednesday , venues are on schedule and within budget , tickets are selling out as quickly as they become available and sponsorship revenue has exceeded expectation . "  It 's a big day for us , 100 days to go , " said Sebastian Coe , the head of the London organizing committee . "  This is the moment when we really do start getting ready for celebrating and welcoming the world . " The UK capital will become the first city to host the Olympics three times in the modern era when the flame is lit on July 27 . In 1948 , when London last staged the Games in the wake of World War Two , no new venues were built and athletes were put up in army camps or colleges and even asked to bring their own towels . Although nowhere near the scale of those "  Austerity Games , " London 2012 has faced its own challenges amid the global financial crisis which began after it won the bid in 2005 . Still , an organizing committee led by two-time former Olympic champion Coe remains hopeful of delivering the games within the # 9.3 billion  $ 14.8 billion  budget -- albeit a budget that more than doubled from an initial estimate of # 4 billion  $ 6.5 billion  . The permanent venues , including the # 468 million  $ 746 million  Olympic Stadium , the Aquatics Center and the Velodrome , are complete , and test events are already under way . "  I think the one thing I 'm confident in saying is that those things that are within our control are under control , " Coe said . "  And we 're in shape to deal with those things that inevitably come at you that you do n't always see . " During the International Olympic Committee 's final visit to London last month , president Jacques Rogge said : "  London has raised the bar on how to deliver a lasting legacy . We can already see tangible results in the remarkable regeneration of east London . This great historical city has created a legacy blueprint for future Games hosts . " The regeneration of a rundown area of east London was one of the cornerstones of the city 's winning bid , yet its delivery has n't been problem-free . As recently as last week , six protesters were evicted from a patch of parkland where a temporary basketball practice facility will be constructed . They claim the land has protected status and is for the enjoyment of all ; Olympic organizers insist they will return the land to its original state once the Games are over . The athletes ' village has been sold in a joint deal to the investment arm of the Qatari ruling family and a private British company , although 1,379 of the 2,818 homes will be set aside for affordable housing . A major question mark hangs over the future of the games ' centerpiece : the Olympic Stadium . The process has been fraught with problems . Football club West Ham was originally awarded the venue , but that deal fell through after complaints from rival bidders . As it stands , West Ham remains one of four parties interested in becoming tenants from 2014 . A decision is expected next month . Transport and security concerns The most immediate concerns for London surround transport and security . Ask any Londoner the worst thing about their city and they will almost certainly reply : getting around . The city 's aging subway system already barely copes with the daily demand . During the Olympics , an additional 325,000 people are expected in the city each day . Add in the regular strikes by underground workers that cripple the network -- another of which was called on Monday -- and the potential for chaos only increases . London businesses are being advised to encourage staff to work from home if possible , change their working hours , or use different travel routes . Athletes , officials and VIPs should n't be affected . They will have access to special road lanes to get them to the venues with the minimum of fuss . That plan has n't met with universal approval though , with critics insisting it will leave the rest of the roads gridlocked . Security issues were brought into sharp focus by an incident at the recent Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race when a protester managed to swim across the River Thames and bring a temporary halt to one of the Britain 's oldest sporting events . Last year 's riots are also still fresh in the memory . While preventing every breach may be impossible , London has a security budget of # 553 million  $ 881 million  dedicated to minimize the risks , which includes the deployment of 35,000 security guards and police at the games venues . There are , however , concerns that budget could increase . Protest fears Even before the Games begin , there are fears that the 70-day torch relay beginning May 19 could be targeted by protesters . A group known as "  Greenwash Gold 2012 " this week unveiled plans to target three major Olympic sponsors -- Dow Chemical , BP and Rio Tinto -- who the activists accuse of human rights or environmental abuses . The group is led by Meredith Alexander , who resigned from the London 2012 sustainability watchdog after Dow , which has links to a deadly gas leak at the Bhopal plant in India in 1984 , was announced as sponsor of the proposed "  wrap " around the Olympic Stadium . "  We live in a democracy but we always balance protest with the rights of other people as well , " Coe said Tuesday . "  We have to remember that one man 's protest is the destruction of somebody else 's dream . I 'm sure we will get this in balance . " But the start of the torch relay is also expected to finally spark enthusiasm among a characteristically cynical British public . A recent survey by a foreign exchange company suggested a quarter of those Britons traveling abroad this summer are doing so specifically to avoid the Olympics . As they leave , more than 10,000 athletes from 204 countries will arrive , and the tantalizing prospect of international stars such as Usain Bolt and Michael Phelps competing alongside British hopes like Jessica Ennis and Mo Farah should go some way to appeasing those Britons who choose to stay behind . "  There is an unprecedented appetite among elite-level competitors around the world to get to London , that 's the one thing I 've learned , " Coe said . "  On top of domestic engagement , I do n't think any Games has ever had that level of excitement . "	Wednesday marks 100 days to go until the opening ceremony of the London Olympics London will become the first city to host the Olympics three times in the modern era Venues are on schedule and within budget ; tickets sales have been strong London 's aging transport system and security are two of the major issues remaining
President Barack Obama prodded Congress to eliminate the United States ' decades-old Cuba embargo Friday , saying that improving relations with the communist country will help open its "  hermetically sealed society " -- even if changes come in "  fits and starts . " He said he does n't expect lawmakers to strip the embargo away immediately , and that Congress will need time to digest a deal he struck this week to free American contractor Alan Gross , trade imprisoned spies and ease U.S. economic restrictions on Cuba in exchange for the release of dozens of political prisoners and expanded Internet there . His comments came during a feisty year-end news conference Friday , just hours before Obama and his family boarded Air Force One for a holiday vacation in Hawaii . "  I do n't anticipate overnight changes . But what I know deep in my bones is that if you 've done the same thing for 50 years and nothing 's changed , you should try something different if you want a different outcome , and this gives us an opportunity for a different outcome , because suddenly Cuba is open to the world in ways that it has not been before , " Obama said . "  The more the Cuban people see what 's possible , the more interested they are going to be in change . But how societies change is country-specific . It 's culture-specific , " he said . Obama offered some notes of caution , saying a presidential visit Cuba or Cuban President Raul Castro coming to the United States is n't "  in the cards . " His moves have already triggered controversy among potential Republican 2016 presidential contenders . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , who accused Obama of giving up leverage , is sparring with Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , who advocates a smaller U.S. footprint overseas . Obama said he expects a "  healthy debate " to rage in Congress . "  I think that ultimately we need to go ahead and pull down the embargo , which I think has been self-defeating in advancing the aims that we 're interested in , " Obama said . "  But I do n't anticipate that that happens right away . " Obama sounded an optimistic tone , saying he is "  energized " and "  excited " about the final two years of his presidency even after Democrats in Congress were shellacked in November 's midterm election . "  My presidency is entering the fourth quarter , " Obama said . "  Interesting stuff happens in the fourth quarter . And I am looking forward to it . " The President immediately made headlines by saying Sony "  made a mistake " canceling a movie after North Korea 's hack . He also drew attention for calling on female journalists for all eight of the questions he took -- which White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said was intentional . "  The fact is , there are many women from a variety of news organizations who day-in and day-out do the hard work of covering the President of the United States , " Earnest said . "  As the questioner list started to come together , we realized that we had a unique opportunity to highlight that fact at the President 's closely watched , end of the year news conference . " Obama touched on the clashes that are guaranteed to come once Republicans take full control of Congress in January , setting up showdowns over Obama 's signature health care law , the Keystone XL pipeline that conservatives would like to green-light , financial regulations and more . He identified international trade and tax reform as areas he might be able to find common ground with the GOP-led House and Senate , and said staff-level conversations will take place between Obama 's White House and GOP congressional leadership between now and the Jan. 20 State of the Union address about individual and corporate tax reform . Obama said he 'll issue proposals of his own to overhaul the corporate tax structure . "  Then there are other companies that are paying zero because they 've got better accountants or lawyers . That 's not fair , " he said . "  There are companies that are parking money outside the country because of tax avoidance . We think it 's important that everybody pay something if they are effectively headquartered in the United States . " But he threatened to veto any bills that would weaken the health care law or rolls back any of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial services reforms -- which were recently thrust into the spotlight after liberals howled over the roll-back of one of those reforms in a deal this month to fund the government . "  I think there are going to be some tough fights on those areas where we disagree , " Obama said . "  If Republicans seek to take health care away from people who just got it , they will meet stiff resistance from me . If they try to water down consumer protections that we put in place in the aftermath of the financial crisis , I will say no , and I 'm confident that I will be able to uphold vetoes on those types of provisions . " Here 's what Obama said about several other issues Friday : KEYSTONE PIPELINE -- President Barack Obama said the Keystone XL pipeline -- which Republican congressional leaders have said they intend to approve legislation to authorize early next year -- is "  not even going to be a nominal benefit to U.S. consumers . " Obama did n't threaten to veto a bill that would take approval of the 1,179-mile , Canada-to-Texas pipeline out of the State Department 's hands . But he downplayed its potential effects and said that if Congress wants to create the kinds of construction jobs that could accompany the pipeline , it should instead approve bills to improve the country 's infrastructure . "  There 's very little impact , nominal impact , on U.S. gas prices -- what the average American consumer cares about -- by having this pipeline come through , " Obama said . "  And sometimes , the way this gets sold is , ` Let 's get this oil and it 's going to come here , ' and the implication is , it 's going to lower oil prices here in the United States -- and it 's not . There 's a global oil market . " RACIAL TENSIONS WITH POLICE -- Obama argued that "  really concrete , practical " law enforcement reforms will result from a review his administration is currently producing , and sounded an optimistic tone about preventing deaths like Michael Brown 's in Ferguson , Missouri and Eric Garner 's in New York City in the future . "  What I do n't think is always captured in our political debates is , the vast majority of people are just trying to do the right thing . And people are basically good and have good intentions , " Obama said . "  Sometimes our institutions and our systems do n't work as well as they should . Sometimes you 've got a police department that has gotten into bad habits over a period of time and has n't maybe surfaced some hidden biases that we all carry around . " "  But if you offer practical solutions , I think people want to fix these problems , " he said . "  This is n't a situation where people feel good seeing somebody choked and dying . I think that troubles everybody . So there 's an opportunity of all of us to come together and take a practical approach to these problems . " THE ECONOMY -- He called 2014 the "  strongest year for job growth since the 1990s " and pointing to rising middle class wages , increased energy production and lower gas prices , and highlighted recent economic reports that have identified a 57-month streak of job growth , producing 11 million new positions . "  As a country , we have every right to be proud of what we 've accomplished : More jobs , more people insured , a growing economy , shrinking deficits , bustling industry , booming energy -- pick any metric that you want ; America 's resurgence is real . We are better off , " Obama said . He said gas prices are 70 cents lower this year than they were last Christmas , and the Obama administration 's bailout of the automotive industry is "  effectively over . " "  Yes , there were crises that we had to tackle around the world -- many that were unanticipated , " Obama said . "  We have more work to do to make sure our economy , our justice system and our government work not just for the few but the many . But there is no doubt we can enter into the new year with renewed confidence that America is making significant strides where it counts . " NORTH KOREA 'S SONY HACK -- Sony "  made a mistake " in halting the release of its film "  The Interview " after hackers that the FBI has linked to North Korea stole the company 's documents and threatened theaters that showed the film , " Obama said . "  We can not have a society where some dictator someplace can start imposing censorship here in the United States , because if somebody is able to intimidate folks out of releasing a satirical movie , imagine what they 'll do when they see a documentary that they do n't like , or news reports that they do n't like -- or even worse , imagine if producers or distributors or others start engaging in self-censorship because they do n't want to offend the sensibilities of somebody whose sensibilities probably need to be offended , " Obama said . "  So , you know , that 's not who we are . That 's not what America 's about . Again , I 'm sympathetic that Sony as a private company was worried about liabilities and this and that and the other . I wish they 'd spoken to me first . I would have told them , do not get into a pattern in which you 're intimidated by these kinds of criminal attacks , " he said .	President Barack Obama said Sony "  made a mistake " canceling its movie release Obama called on Congress to end the Cuba embargo Obama said he might be able to work with congressional Republicans on tax reforms and trade The news conference came just hours before the Obama family departs for vacation in Hawaii
As a country , Turkey is often described as a bridge between Europe and Asia . On Tuesday , for the first time , the two continents will be officially connected by a multi-billion dollar underwater railway tunnel . Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and President Abdullah Gul , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta and numerous transport and trade ministers gathered to open the giant rail system , on the country 's republic day . The Marmaray link , named by combining the Sea of Marmara with "  ray , " meaning rail in Turkish , is a part of $ 4.5 billion , 76-kilometer mega-project launched by the government in 2004 . Erdogan , speaking at the event , said the project "  connects history and future , past and the future , as well as connecting continents , Marmaray connects people , nations and countries . " Its scale , along with designs for a third airport , a parallel canal for the Bosphorus river and a third suspension bridge , are seen as overly ambitious plans by Erdogan to build his legacy and hark back to days of the Ottoman Empire . The bold project brings the dreams of Sultan Abdul Medjid , first outlined more than a century ago , to reality as the Turkish Republic celebrates its 90th anniversary . READ MORE : Silk Road railways link Europe and Asia It is finally being completed by Erdogan after he faced intense protests for the redevelopment plans of a central Istanbul park with Ottoman-era military barracks and a mosque . The 13.6 kilometer  8.5 miles  tunnel -- the deepest of its kind -- passes under the Bosphorus Strait , one of the busiest shipping arteries in the world . The financial capital of Istanbul , with a population of nearly 15 million people , is often snarled with traffic , with some two million residents making the crossing between continents on a daily basis . According to Erdogan , Marmaray "  is not a project only for Istanbul Marmaray is a project for whole humanity . " The rail system , built by a Turkish-Japanese consortium , is expected to have a capacity of one and a half million people a day , connecting the two continents in about four minutes . The Marmaray is being described as a vital link on the modern Silk Road , which will provide seamless rail transport from Turkey to China . Turkey , under Erdogan , has looked east to tap emerging markets for growth . More than half its exports go to the European Union , and that slowdown has cut Turkey 's annual growth in half after it peaked above 8 % before the 2008-09 financial crisis . READ MORE : The world 's spectacular infrastructure projects Beyond the size of such an undertaking , digging for the Marmaray uncovered some 40 thousand artefacts and helped archaeologists trace Istanbul 's history back 8,500 years , 2,500 more than ever believed before . However the discoveries delayed the project for four years , which frustrated the prime minister who , analysts and businessmen say , wants to put a permanent imprint on Turkey 's financial capital . The project also had to account for Turkey 's long history of violent earthquakes , and the tunnel 's position parallel to a major fault line . Transport minister Binali Yildirim has outlined the precautions , including that the tunnel is designed handle a quake of 9.0 magnitude due to construction that allows movement . READ MORE : Connecting continents amid earthquakes With these infrastructure projects Erdogan is aiming high , striving to increase Turkey 's impact as the republic heads towards its 100th anniversary . Erdogan believes Turkey can double its gross domestic product to $ 2 trillion , and by doing so stake its claim as one of the top ten economies internationally . But obtaining the financing for this activity after such fierce public resistance may stand in the way of this government 's master plan . Tuesday , however , was a day in which Erdogan could point to his pride in Marmaray . It is , he said , "  an artwork that will find its place in history as an environmentalist project as well as being a project of precision and excellence . "	Turkey is often described as the link between Europe and Asia -- now a tunnel will connect the two continents The Marmaray link is 76-kilometers long and has cost $ 4.5 billion It is part of the government 's ambitious plan to expand the country 's economy Prime Minister Erdogan may , however , face public opposition to his infrastructure drive
AOL Autos  -- As environment-friendly Martha Stewart might know , that new car smell is not a good thing . The Ecology Center found the Suzuki Forenza was one of the most toxic car models . In fact , inhaling the fumes from your new car can be toxic and are created from a literal soup of chemicals such as arsenic and formaldehyde , which can take years to completely be "  out-gassed " from your new car 's interior materials . In fact , Americans spend so much time in their cars , the "  out-gassing " of so-called volatile organic compounds  VOCs  from new car interiors and new car seat parts like the steering wheel , dashboard , seats and carpets are a big concern as these are known contributors to acute and long-term health problems . Unfortunately , with the auto industry slowdown on the minds of car execs and politicians , combating indoor air pollution in new cars is not getting much play . Interestingly , automakers in Europe and Japan are serious about making their cars less toxic , especially for those who suffer from environmental allergies . So , can America 's Big Three really take on yet another eco challenge in a market focused mostly on fuel efficiency and lowering carbon dioxide emissions ? Some American automakers are already making strides to clean up chemical emissions inside their cars . General Motor 's vehicles , in fact , showed a 27 percent improvement in cleaning up indoor air pollution , so says findings from The Ecology Center 's annual HealthyCar.org study . Using portable X-Ray Fluorescence  XRF  technology , The Ecology Center tests almost 300 new cars and car seats for toxic chemicals like bromine , chlorine , lead and heavy metals . These chemicals have been linked to health issues such as birth defects , liver toxicity , cancer , allergies and impaired learning . "  XRF is the dominate technology used to quickly screen products for harmful chemicals , " said Jeff Gearhart , director of the Ecology Center 's Clean Car Campaign . XRF is used by the Food and Drug Administration , Homeland Security , Consumer Products Safety Commission and many leading companies to screen harmful chemicals in consumer products . "  We still see far too many vehicles that are very chemical intensive , " Gearhart said . "  The good news is within every vehicle class , we have vehicles we rank that have minimal use of these chemicals . " Some of the least toxic cars found in the Ecology Center study are : Porsche 911 Honda Accord Dodge Caliber Saturn Astra XR Dodge Charger BMW M5 Toyota Tacoma Acura RDX The study found the following models are the most toxic : Suzuki Forenza Suzuki Reno Lincoln Mark LT Mitsubishi Eclipse BMW 128i For consumers thinking about buying a new car or car set , you can visit HealthyCar.org and search the findings by model or compare models . But is the testing really valid ? Officials at Chrysler , which received low or moderate ratings from the Ecology Center for all of their 2008 models , disputed the findings . "  This information is meaningless , however , because the entire study was poorly designed and executed , " said Max Gates , Chrysler 's safety and regulatory communications spokesperson . Basically , Gates said , the study did not measure chemicals in the air of the passenger compartments tested . "  Rather , the test only determined the compounds contained in the materials used to assemble the vehicle . There is no way to determine how much , if any , of those compounds becomes airborne . " Gates called the Ecology Center 's annual report a "  scare tactic , " which amounts to alarming the public "  with no data to support any claims of risk . " To reduce indoor air pollution in all of its vehicles , Gates noted Chrysler has been evaluating passenger compartment air quality regularly and "  consistently screens materials and products , including new products , for their effects on air quality . " "  Chrysler is just plain ignorant of the science , " retorted The Ecology Center 's Gearhart . "  All recent studies , including ours , have found vehicles to be the most universally contaminated environment that we spend in . " Gearhart also claimed that dozens of peer review studies show these chemicals are "  ubiquitous in dust and air in our homes , offices and cars and are building up in our actual bodies . " Allergy-sensitive cars In Europe , allergy-tested vehicles are all the rage . Surprisingly , Ford Motor Company is one of Europe 's leaders in helping make car interiors free of allergens and chemicals . In fact , Ford has more than 100 materials and components tested for their allergy-causing potential by an independent lab based in Germany . "  Additionally , all components likely to have direct and prolonged skin contact such as steering wheel and seat covers , floor mats and seat belts are also dermatologically tested , " said Adrian Schmitz , Ford of Europe 's communications and public affairs director . Schmitz also said Ford avoids or tries to reduce the use of allergy-provoking substances such as latex , chrome or nickel . Ford of Europe 's allergy-sensitive models -- such as its all-new Kuga crossover -- are equipped with a high-performance pollen filter , which was also tested by the same independent German lab , TUV . "  The filter effectively prevents pollen , a particular concern for allergy sufferers , from entering the vehicle 's interior , " Schmitz said . Ford offers seven allergy-sensitive models in Europe including the Ka , Focus , C-MAX , S-MAX , Galaxy and Mondeo . These Ford vehicles are the first in the world to have passed these stringent TV standards . And earlier this year , Ford became the first car manufacturer to receive the European Centre for Allergy Research Foundations seal of quality . In Japan , Toyota Motor Company says it is also minimizing the negative effects vehicles have on drivers and passengers . "  We strive to reduce the concentration of potentially harmful chemicals , such as volatile organic compounds , in our vehicle manufacturing , " said Bill Kwong , Toyota 's product communications manager based in Torrance , California . Kwong says Toyota 's American-built vehicles have been asked to meet voluntary vehicle volatile organic chemical  VOC  standards set by the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association by 2011 . "  We are currently developing low VOC technologies that will ensure our compliance with these regulations , " Kwong added . For example , Kwong , said Toyota has worked with its materials suppliers to reduce aldehydes by developing a grade of polyacetal that reduces formaldehyde emissions by 80 percent . "  In addition , we are developing new tape systems to reduce toluene emissions . The new technology reduces the level of toluene emitted by more than 90 percent , " he said . Toluene can affect the nervous system , causing weakness , confusion , fatigue , vision and hearing loss , nausea and memory loss . Neutralizing that new car smell So , what if you bought a new car and that new car smell is making you worry about possible health concerns or bothering your allergy-sensitive nose ? Brookstone carries an inexpensive  $ 35  ionic auto air purifier . But does it really work ? I tried one out recently in one of my bad-smelling road test cars . Amazingly , the Brookstone ionic air purifier truly did "  neutralize " that toxic car smell . The purifier easily plugs right into your car 's cigarette lighter socket and even includes a built-in socket so you can still charge your phone , MP3 player or personal navigation system . The fit-in-your-hand system works by emitting negatively-charged ions to help remove bad odors , smoke and other airborne pollutants . Plus , studies show negative ions are good for reducing stress and calming nerves , something you definitely need when driving on America 's traffic-congested streets and highways .	Fumes from your new car created from soup of harmful chemicals Porsche 911 and Honda Accord are two least toxic cars In Europe , allergy-tested vehicles are very popular Ionic auto air purifier can help get rid of the fumes in your car
Washington  CNN  -- The Department of Defense announced Thursday that it will be commemorating lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender pride later this month . The event will be the first of its kind for the Pentagon . The best picks around the world for celebrating Pride "  The Defense Department is planning an LGBT Pride Month event for later this month , " Pentagon spokeswoman Eileen Laniez said in a statement issued Thursday . Press Secretary George Little said senior Defense Department officials will take part in the event , but had no other details . Just a year ago , a member of the military faced punishment or discharge if he or she admitted being homosexual , but last September the administration scrapped the policy known as "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " Opinion : LGBT community more accepted than before , but work needs to be done	The Pentagon plans an event to mark LGBT Pride Month Senior Defense Department officials will take part in the event , a spokesman says
The 119 acres of St. Peter 's Cemetery lie blanketed by the season 's first snowfall . A hush fills the air ; the only sound is the wind blowing accumulated snow , like confectioners ' sugar , off the branches of nearly bare trees . I enter through the gate on Lucas and Hunt Road , thinking back to a decidedly different day in late August . The sun was bright and hot for late summer . The verdant oaks and elms soared to the sky . I have written down the grave I am seeking : Section 10 , Block F , Lot 12 , Grave 4 . Inside the cemetery office , I inquire how to find this particular grave in this vast space . An employee looks at the number scribbled in my reporter 's notebook . "  Oh . " I look at him , not knowing at first what to make of his reaction . From behind the counter , he whips out a photocopied flier . "  You 're looking for Michael Brown , right ? " I nod , yes , and glance at the flier . It 's a cemetery map . I see Brown 's name and a hand-drawn line pointing to the lot where he is buried . The fliers became necessary because so many visitors asked the same question I did . Several have already been here today , says the man behind the counter . Even in this cold . I head down St. Peter 's Drive to the intersection of Hickory , just as the man instructed . I see why a marked map is necessary . There are rows and rows of graves . The sections are not marked , and the headstones are low and not that distinctive . I am searching for something that says his name : Michael Brown . Such a common name , I think . How many Michael Browns do I know ? At least six that I can recall in an instant . But I can not find him . I study the flier , fluttering in the frigid wind , and discern that he is somewhere between others whose names are marked on the map . Bradley . Wilder . Hamilton . Then , I see the footprints , fresh on the snow . The rest of the field is pristine , but there has been a flurry of foot traffic here . I follow the footprints to a small bouquet of plastic flowers , red and purple , planted in the ground . There is not yet a headstone at Brown 's grave . I stand where Brown 's parents wailed as their son 's casket was lowered on August 25 into a copper vault . Sixteen days before , he had been shot dead by Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson . One minute , the 18-year-old stood 6 feet 4 . The next , he fell to the ground on Canfield Drive . His blood colored the dull asphalt . He lay there for four hours . Photos of his body on social media heightened the anger over a police officer 's killing of an unarmed black teenager . Brown became a symbol . What #Ferguson stands for We all know what happened in the days and weeks afterward . What a contrast there is between those days and this one . Hot against cold . Fury against calm . A tale of two streets in Ferguson A black hearse carried Brown 's gold and black casket through the streets of St. Louis on that late August day . A white horse-drawn wagon delivered him to his final resting place . A photograph taken after everyone was gone shows a spot in the field where grass was disturbed and the dirt turned and showered with a burst of red and white roses . Now nothing remains but the plastic flowers . Almost three long months have passed . Ferguson is not resolved . It 's her Ferguson -- and it 's not all black and white What would Brown think if he could see what is happening in his name today ? Perhaps he would approve of the demands for justice and calls for reform . But how would he feel about the violent protests ? About the way his hometown , just a few miles from here , waits with fear and anxiety for a grand jury decision ? His name was so ordinary . His headstone , I presume , will make it a tiny bit less so : Michael O.D. Brown . That 's what the copper vault said . But through death , his life turned out to be anything but ordinary . Michael O.D. Brown 's exit from this world unleashed a seething anger and sparked a new conversation about an age-old problem . Some people believe him to be a thug who shoved the clerk at the Ferguson Market and Liquor and then stole Swisher Sweets cigars . Some people believe he provoked Wilson , the police officer . But those who make the pilgrimage to his grave site , I imagine , see him another way . As a loving son , a brother . Or perhaps as a hero , a martyr of sorts . I wonder what else his headstone might say . Standing at his grave , I feel the cold invade my bones . I get back in my rental car and leave the quiet of St. Peter 's to return to the storm of Ferguson . Follow CNN 's Moni Basu on Twitter .	Nearly three months have passed since Michael Brown was laid to rest Fliers help visitors navigate the cemetery , where headstones are indistinct Those making the pilgrimage to his grave site do so for a variety of reasons Brown 's death in Ferguson sparked a new conversation about an age-old problem
CNN  -- Australian tycoon Bob Oatley is turning from wine to water as he announced his intention to build a team to challenge defending America 's Cup champions Oracle Team USA . The renowned vintner filed his intention to challenge for the 35th edition of sailing 's blue ribbon event Monday . Oatley -- a man who is described as "  as famous for his wine as he is for sailing " -- lodged his intent with San Francisco Golden Gate Yacht Club . The club is classed as the "  defender and trustee " of the trophy after its team , owned by American billionaire Larry Ellison , won the 34th America 's Cup last Wednesday . Oracle Team USA staged a magnificent comeback from 8-1 down to sail to a 9-8 win over Emirates New Zealand to claim the oldest trophy in sport . The American boat was packed with an international crew and skippered by Australian Jimmy Spithill . Oatley said seeing what the sailors from the southern hemisphere achieved on the waters of San Francisco Bay persuaded him it was the right time to enter an Australian team to challenge Team USA . "  Given Australia 's previous success in the America 's Cup , the Admiral 's Cup and Olympic yachting , and as proud Australians , we think it is time for our nation to be back in our sport 's pinnacle event , " Oatley said . "  The recently completed America 's Cup in San Francisco has revolutionized the sport for sailors and fans , and we were excited to see how many Australians played key roles on the teams and in the regatta organization . " Oatley lodged his entry through the Hamilton Island Yacht Club . The entrepreneur owns the island off the east coast of Australia and has taken to the waters with great success , seeing his crews win the Admiral 's Cup and consecutive Sydney to Hobart yacht races . Details on the dates and venue for the next edition of the America 's Cup are due to be published in the first few months of 2014 .	Australian wine mogul Bob Oatley has announced plans to enter a team in the America 's Cup The vintner filed his challenge to the Golden Gate Yacht Club Oracle Team USA are the defending champions of the elite sailing trophy The Americans fought back to defeat Emirates New Zealand
Here is Travis Stanton 's response to comments on the essay he wrote after learning his father was going to become a woman . Friday night my dad came down from Lake Worth to watch Her Name Was Steven -- the CNN documentary about him -- with our family and some friends . It meant a lot to me and my mother that my dad was down at our house , in the room much less where all of this first happened . My dad , my mother , some neighborhood friends and my girlfriend Ashlee all sat down Saturday night to watch it . We all loved it . The next day my dad showed me some of the comments on the CNN web site about the essay I wrote about him in 8th grade for a school project . These comments were some of the nicest things I 've read about myself in my life . As people saw my posting , they started asking me some questions . I started answering them . One good question was : "  How did my schoolmates react to all of this ? Were they supportive or negative towards this ? " Well , the night my dad told me about his plans to become a woman was also the same night that the news stations found out and aired the story . Surprisingly to my parents , I decided to go to school the next day . I went to a small school at the time . It was a school with grades 4-8 and had about 300 kids total . I was in the 8th grade . As I got dropped off , before I could even walk in the school , some teachers and a bunch of my friends came running out to hug me and say it 's going to be okay . I was still in shock from all of this , but I 'm pretty good at hiding my emotions . Unfortunately having all of your friends hugging you and knowing about this brought out some tears . All of my 8th grade friends knew about this , and mostly all of them were supportive . Now I 'm in the 10th grade at high school with about 3000 students , so it 's a bit different . When I started high school , the story of my dad had kind of settled down . I 've not really gotten any support from my new high school friends because we do n't talk about it . I 've been asked a few times if Susan Stanton was related to me and I say , "  Yes , that 's my dad . " Other than about three of those little "  are-you-related " questions from people I partially knew , I have n't been approached by any kids at school . Yes , some people tell me that my dad is kind of weird and I completely agree . When you truly love someone you learn to accept the choices they make . It 's no different if your mom said , "  I am going to shave off all my hair . " Would you stop loving her because of that ? Hopefully not . This is the same thing with my dad , but its i obviously a little more than a haircut . One of the comments that I read was that it was selfish for my dad to use the money on his surgery . Was it selfish of my dad ? Absolutely -- 100 percent -- not . If you had those feelings , I am sure all of us would do the same thing . It would be almost rude to live the rest of his life in pain knowing he was n't himself and not truly who he felt he was . Money was always a problem ever since my dad got fired . Like I said in the documentary , the biggest negative change that impacted our family was dad losing his job . I know that if we were really down to the last dollars we had , my dad would not have done the surgery until we got back on our feet . Both of my parents are really financially smart and we have planned ahead to live a comfortable life . The more important part is me and my mom still live in our house . I 've lived in this house since I was a baby and I ca n't imagine having to move . In conclusion , I would like to thank everyone who read my essay . The comments I read about myself are some of the nicest things I have ever read about me . I love the feedback that I get , good or bad . Travis	Travis Stanton watched CNN 's "  Her Name Was Steven " with his father , Susan Stanton Travis appreciates all of the feedback he gets . Here , he responds to viewer comments about his earlier essay In particular , Travis discusses his schoolmates ' reactions
Wuhan , China  CNN  -- Professor Kou Zhangbing conducts a health check . He tenderly calls the patient over with a tap of his hand , checks tongue and teeth for injuries , eyes for mood , and skin for scratches . As a treat , he hands out a salted fish . "  The most important thing we can do is to keep them healthy , " he says . Kou is one of a handful of Chinese scientists trying to save the finless porpoise , a freshwater species found in the Yangtze River . Rarer than China 's giant panda , this famed species now teeters on the brink of extinction . Recent surveys suggest that there are a mere thousand animals left , down dramatically from similar surveys conducted just six years ago . "  If proper measures are n't taken they will be extinct in 10 years , but to be honest , we only have five years to take action , " said Zhang Xinqiao of the World Wildlife Fund . Professor Kou and his colleagues research the rare mammal in a series of deep blue pools at the Institute for Hydrobiology in Wuhan . They are trying to understand these curious creatures and possibly breed them for the wild . "  I spend more time with them than with my family , " said Kou , "  They have become an indispensable part of my life . " It 's mating season , so they dance underwater and act a little strange . Occasionally , a porpoise swims right up to the viewing glass and all but presses its face against it . The porpoise 's face is set in a permanent quizzical smile . Dark and forward-facing eyes carefully monitor the movements of its visitors . Porpoises are smaller and stouter than their dolphin cousins ; they have shorter beaks , and live in smaller groups . Those groups could be getting even smaller in the wild . Asia 's longest river is also one of its most polluted . Scientists estimate that about 800 million tons of wastewater is dumped into the Yangtze every year . Pollution , overfishing , and intensive development on the Yangtze have all combined to push the porpoise near extinction . "  All of these human activities have destroyed the natural habitat of the finless porpoise , taking away their food supply and even injuring and killing them directly , " said Zhang . He said the prospect of survival in the Yangtze is bleak , but he clings onto hope for the species . That hope , such as there is , can be found West of Wuhan in Tian-e-Zhou oxbow lake . Once part of the Yangtze , the lake was formed from a bend in the river and then separated from the main stream . "  This is the best chance we have to keep the species alive , " said Gao Daobin , an official in charge of the park . "  We only have this animal in China and kids will start asking questions when they learn about it . They will ask ` why did it go extinct ? ' " It 's no idle fear . The Baiji dolphin , a regal animal with its trademark pointed beak , went functionally extinct in the Yangtze in 2006 . Scientists believe there may be individual animals in the murky water , but it could never sustain the species . So the finless porpoise is the last remaining freshwater cetacean left in China . Gao shows us a breeding pen separated from the lake by just a net . A handler drops individual fish into the mouth of the captive porpoises . They have to make sure to give exactly the right nutrients . They will be released into the lake , where the fewer than 40 porpoises could represent their last stand . "  Nobody cared about them in the past , but attitudes are changing . Now , if they go extinct , all of our years of work will be meaningless , " said Gao .	Researchers in China are working to protect the finless porpoise from extinction They 're stouter than their dolphin cousins and rarer than China 's giant panda Surveys show there are around one thousand of the animals left in Chinese waters Pollution , overfishing , and intensive development on the Yangtze are being blamed
CNN  -- Governors in three Eastern Seaboard states Friday called on National Guard troops to help evacuate people from flooding caused by the remnants of Tropical Storm Ida . Strong winds and rain from the powerful storm have left thousands without power . Ida lost momentum but not the ability to generate winds and rain as it made landfall on the U.S. Gulf Coast earlier this week , forecasters said . The National Weather Service had flood advisories in effect Friday for areas of coastal Pennsylvania , Delaware and New Jersey . At least 160 National Guard troops were deployed in sections of Virginia , Delaware and New Jersey to evacuate residents in high-water areas as well as provide cots , sandbags and potable water , according to the Pentagon 's National Guard Bureau . "  About 40 members of the Delaware National Guard have provided support to civilian emergency relief agencies in Kent and Sussex counties , " the bureau said . The New Jersey National Guard sent 18 guardsmen with trucks to help with evacuations in the Cape May and Atlantic counties , where the governor Thursday declared a state of emergency due to flooding , Guard officials reported Almost 100 guardsmen with high-water vehicles were helping firefighters in Portsmouth , Virginia . Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine declared a state of emergency , saying the remnants of Ida had combined with another storm to cause dangerous conditions in some areas . By early afternoon , at least 155,000 customers were without power in the state -- mostly in and around Norfolk , according to the Dominion Power Web site . "  With the National Weather Service indicating that eastern Virginia could experience flooding and storm surge comparable to the effects of a Category 1 hurricane , it 's critical that Virginians make the necessary preparations , " Kaine said . "  While we will continue to monitor conditions , the commonwealth is preparing for a period of coastal flooding through at least Friday evening . "	Strong winds and rain from the powerful storm have left thousands without power . Flood advisories were in effect Friday in Pennsylvania , Delaware and New Jersey . National Guard Bureau : At least 160 troops were deployed to assist in high-water areas Dominion Power : By early afternoon , at least 155,000 in Virginia had no electricity
CNN  -- Egypt 's administrative court said Tuesday that it has lifted a three-month state of emergency in the country , though the nation 's military and police said they 're still enforcing it because they 'd yet to receive the court 's ruling , state-run media reported . Because of the security forces ' stance , it was n't immediately clear when the emergency rules -- which include curfews intended to limit public gatherings after deadly clashes in August -- would truly be canceled . The emergency was ordered in August , during a period of intense unrest after the July coup that ousted President Mohamed Morsy . Clashes flared in August when security forces broke up huge Cairo sit-ins led by Morsy supporters ; hundreds died , and thousands were injured . Mohamed Morsy trial interrupted by defendants ' chanting The administrative court announced Tuesday that the state of emergency would be lifted in the afternoon , two days earlier than expected , the state-run Middle East News Agency reported . But Tuesday night , the military said on Facebook that the nighttime curfews would continue until the court officially notified it of its order . The Interior Ministry also said it had n't received the court order , state-run newspaper Al-Ahram reported . Egypt 's Cabinet had said previously that the emergency would be lifted on Thursday . The military ousted Morsy on July 3 and installed an interim government , saying Morsy was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values . Morsy supporters , including the Muslim Brotherhood , have said the coup was an illegal power grab by the military and elements of the regime of longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak . Morsy is awaiting trial on allegations that he ordered supporters to attack protesters in December , while he still was in power . Morsy became the country 's first democratically elected president in June 2012 , more than a year after protests prompted Mubarak , who ruled Egypt for three decades with the military 's support , to step down . Mubarak faces a retrial on charges involving the killing of hundreds of protesters during the 2011 uprising that ousted him . Opinion : Egypt and the death of liberalism	Court announces lifting of emergency rules two days earlier than expected Military , police say they still have n't received court 's order Military says it 's still enforcing curfews Emergency rules began three months ago after deadly clashes in Cairo
CNN  -- With the Russian military having effectively taken control of Crimea , a permanent division of Ukraine is becoming increasingly likely . Russian President Vladimir Putin 's request to the Russian Senate to approve military intervention in Ukraine in order to "  protect citizens of Russia " highlights how once seemingly innocuous "  compatriot policies " are being used by Moscow to justify military efforts to regain Crimea for Russia . Russia 's compatriot policies are officially meant to protect ethnic Russians living in nearby countries , but have served Russia 's territorial expansionism in the past . In fact these compatriot policies can be viewed as part of Putin 's new military doctrine that seeks territorial gains in the former Soviet republics , particularly where there is a receptive population of Russian speakers . The compatriot policies , outlined in Russia 's "  National Security Strategy to 2020 , " were introduced in 2000 during Putin 's first presidential term . They call for the political , economic and , potentially , military protection of the rights and interests of Russian citizens and ethnic Russians living abroad . An effective tactic associated with the policies is to give Russian citizenship to ethnic Russians in foreign states so as to better protect their interests . Tellingly , Russia 's national security strategy emphasizes that compatriots are an important tool for achieving Russia 's foreign policy aims . Map : A divided Ukraine Looking at Russia 's neighborhood , one can already see how compatriot policy has assisted Russia 's foreign policy and territorial expansion . Prior to the Georgian-Russian war in 2008 , Georgia was seeking closer relations with the West and distancing itself from Russia  in a very similar vein to Ukraine today  . Meanwhile Moscow was handing out citizenship to the inhabitants of the separatist Georgian territories of South Ossetia and Abkhazia . Thus the "  protection of Russian citizens " became one of Russia 's main motives for going to war with Georgia in 2008 and securing South Ossetia and Abkhazia as Russian protectorates . But Ukraine does not have to look to the Caucasus to see compatriot policy in action . On Ukraine 's southwestern border , Transnistria is a separatist territory of Moldova which has also become effectively a Russian military-controlled territory as the Kremlin sought to "  protect " the Russian speakers and eventually Russian citizens . Opinion : The two Putins Farther afield , Russia has also taken great pains to cultivate the loyalty of its compatriots in the Baltic states , particularly in Estonia and Latvia . Well aware of Russia 's compatriot tactics , Lithuania , which currently holds the rotating presidency of the U.N. Security Council , called an urgent meeting and also invoked the NATO treaty on Ukraine . For Moscow , Crimea is much more important than South Ossetia , Abkhazia or Transnistria . First , Crimea became Ukrainian territory only in 1954 when the Soviet Union 's leader Nikita Khrushchev gave it to Kiev under the overall authority of the Soviet Union . Its loss after the disintegration of the Soviet Union was a major blow to leaders in Moscow . Second , Sevastopol , one of Crimea 's major cities , serves as the naval base for Russia 's Black Sea fleet . It is a prized territory that allows the Russian navy direct access to the Mediterranean . Crimea is a particularly soft target for Russia 's compatriot policies . Unlike Western Ukraine , where people speak Ukrainian , or even Eastern Ukraine , which is Russian speaking , Crimea is predominantly ethnically Russian . Opinion : Putin 's Ukranian endgame With Crimea 's Russians protesting the turn of events in Kiev 's Independence Square and expressing their solidarity with Moscow , a secessionist movement is almost inevitable . Already , the Crimean parliament announced that it would hold a referendum to increase the peninsula 's autonomy from Ukraine and installed a pro-Russian prime minister . While Crimea 's fate seems almost certain to follow those of South Ossetia , Abkhazia or Transnistria , other states near Russia that also have significant populations of Russian speakers should be vigilant . Putin 's compatriot doctrine is here to stay . Thus it is no wonder Georgia will likely be urgently seeking integration with NATO and the EU . Ukraine should stabilize its government and consider following suit . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Agnia Grigas .	Agnia Grigas : Vladimir Putin has made effective use of his "  compatriot " policy It enables Russia to gain territory in areas where ethnic Russians and Russian speakers live She says Crimea is a place where Russia can claim it was acting for "  compatriots " Grigas : Other nations in Russia 's neighborhood should pay attention
New York  CNN  -- He came to London as a young man who loved the Western lifestyle , wanted to make money and have fun . "  American style , " smiled Abu Hamza al-Masri as he began his testimony Wednesday in his federal trial on terrorism charges . The 56-year-old Egyptian-born al-Masri worked as a bouncer and strip-club manager before bits of Islamic teachings from friends began to penetrate his mind , he testified . The hypocrisy of his lifestyle hit him like a slap in the face . Al-Masri would go on to become the high-profile imam of a London mosque and allegedly inspired several notorious terrorists with his sermons , including failed shoe bomber Richard Reid and 9/11 hijacker Mohammed Atta . Al-Masri testified he has n't spoken before a crowd since his 2004 arrest and said a decade in solitary confinement has eroded his memory and grasp of language . The trial has been reinvigorating , said al-Masri , and the preacher drew laughter from the courtroom Wednesday afternoon as he used examples of marital spats to illustrate the practical application of Islamic truth . Al-Masri will continue his testimony Thursday morning . Attorneys for al-Masri have said he may be their only witness . The British cleric pleaded not guilty to 11 counts of terrorism-related charges in 2012 . He was extradited to the United States after a lengthy legal battle . The charges against al-Masri involve supporting efforts to establish an Islamic jihad training camp in rural Oregon , sending a young recruit from London to fight alongside al Qaeda on the front lines in Afghanistan , and aiding kidnappers in Yemen with the 1998 abduction of a tour group . "  He was a trainer , a terrorist , and he used the cover of religion so he could hide in plain sight in London , " said Assistant U.S. Attorney Edward Kim in his opening statement . Weapons and gas masks were found at al-Masri 's London mosque , the prosecutor said : "  Tools of war stockpiled in a place of worship . " The government 's three-week case has been an effort to connect the dots between al-Masri and events thousands of miles away from hi , through key witnesses who often had never met the defendant and are testifying as government informants in deals with the prosecution . Defense lawyer Joshua Dratel told the jury in his opening statement that no evidence links the cleric to the alleged crimes -- "  not in Yemen , not in Oregon , not in Afghanistan . " Dratel said his client "  never gave directions or orders to people " and served merely as a "  commenter on events and issues " when he lauded the late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and celebrated the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . "  These are ideas , not acts , " he said . "  These are expressions , not crimes . " Prosecutors called their final witness Wednesday morning to testify about the 1998 kidnapping of 16 tourists in Yemen . Mary Quin traveled with the tour group on the morning of December 28 , 1998 , when a large group of men in two pickup trucks blocked the road and abducted the travelers . Quin managed to flee after wrestling an AK 47 assault rifle from one of the captors , according to opening statements . Quin testified that she decided to write a book about the ordeal and traveled to London to do research and conduct interviews for the project . She approached al-Masri outside his mosque one Friday morning in the fall of 2000 , because he 'd stated publicly that he knew the kidnappers , and he agreed to speak to her . When she explained that she was one of the kidnapped tourists , the cleric leaned back in his desk chair and gazed at her , she said . Quin says he told her , "  I 'm surprised you would come here . Very surprised . " Al-Masri is alleged to have provided the kidnappers with a satellite phone to use in the incident . In a conversation she recorded at his London mosque , Quin asked if he had provided the phone . "  Yeah , perhaps , " al-Masri says on the recording , which was played for the jury . In other excerpts of the recorded conversation played in the courtroom , al-Masri can be heard telling Quin that she and the other hostages were intended as ransom for prisoners held by the Yemeni government , possibly including al-Masri 's own son and stepson . The leader of the abductors was a "  softhearted person , " said al-Masri . While al-Masri would not confirm to Quin that he 'd known about the kidnapping ahead of time , he did tell her that the perpetrators did n't expect the deadly shootout with government forces . "  We never thought it would be that bad , " he said . One of Quin 's fellow travelers , Margaret Thompson , testified Tuesday about the harrowing kidnapping experience , saying the travelers were used as human shields during a gun battle between her captors and the Yemeni military that left four tourists dead . Thompson was shot in the leg , and walked with a significant limp as she took the stand . A British telecommunications company employee , Paul Anthony Sykes , testified Tuesday that he sold a satellite phone to the defendant several months before the kidnapping . Another pivotal witness against al-Masri was the Seattle man who conceived the idea for a pay-as-you-go jihad training camp on a large patch of barren land outside Bly , Oregon , in 1999 . James Ujaama testified he pitched the idea for the camp to the defendant in a fax . "  It looks just like Afghanistan , " Ujaama wrote to the prominent preacher , asking for trainers in both the physical and spiritual aspects of holy war to be sent from London so fighters could be readied for the Afghanistan front lines . Ujaama testified that his note promised scores of eager recruits who 'd already pledged their loyalty to the preacher , along with a hillside hiding place and personal security detail when he arrived at the camp . They were amassing stockpiles of weapons , and building living facilities and even a mosque , wrote Ujaama . These were lies , he testified ; there were no recruits or weapons , and the ranch 's only living structures were two run-down trailers . "  If he accepted it , I 'd know I had a buy-in and I 'd start building . " Al-Masri 's presence was crucial to getting the cash flow started , Ujaama testified : "  He 'd be the star attraction . " Two men were allegedly sent by al-Masri to aid with the effort , carrying cash and training materials , but left once they realized Ujaama 's promises were empty , according to testimony . Ujaama later worked for al-Masri at his London mosque and ran the website of Supporters of Sharia , an organization the defendant headed , he testified . In 2000 , the defendant ordered him to deliver a young man , Feroz Abbasi , to a front line commander in Afghanistan , he testified , along with envelopes of cash to a girls ' school and widows of holy warriors . He instead abandoned Abbasi in a Pakistani guesthouse . Ujaama admitted on the stand that his past is marred by a range of criminal endeavors , including selling stolen laptops and knock-off watches he picked up in New York City and passed off as expensive brand originals . He spent approximately six years in prison for his role in the defendant 's alleged endeavors and testified as part of a deal with the government that allowed for a significant reduction in jail time . Another witness , Saajid Badat , testified to later seeing Abbasi at an Afghan training camp and gave jurors a glimpse into the world of recruits there ; a world where bin Laden himself handed out awards for target shooting , and classmates included future 9/11 hijackers . Badat , who reached a deal for leniency with British prosecutors in exchange for his testimony , took the stand via closed circuit television from London because of his steadfast refusal to risk traveling to the United States , where he faces additional charges . The charges against Badat both in the United Kingdom and the United States center on his plan to join Richard Reid in a suicide mission to take down commercial airliners with shoe bombs . Badat testified he backed out of the mission after reconnecting with his family . The prosecution also called terrorism expert Evan F. Kohlmann to introduce jurors to the key figures of al Qaeda and the Taliban regime , and to testify about the crucial role non-al Qaeda members like al-Masri play for the organization , providing financial support and spreading its message . Al-Masri cuts an unusual figure in the courtroom ; missing one eye and both hands , he wears an occasional writing prosthesis on his right forearm rather than the infamous hook-like device he 's often seen sporting in photographs . Opting for comfort , he asked his attorneys for sweat pants and T-shirts for the proceedings , rather than a suit . He could face life in prison if convicted .	Cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri tells court he went to London for "  American style " fun He is on trial in federal court on terrorism-related charges Al-Masri backed a plan to establish terrorist training camp in Oregon , prosecutors say Al-Masri 's lawyer said his client "  never gave directions or orders to people "
CNN  -- The head of world football 's governing body has moved to allay fears Brazil will not be ready to host the forthcoming Confederations Cup . The South American country is staging the tournament as a dress rehearsal for the 2014 World Cup , with the opening match pitching Brazil against Asian champions Japan in Brasilia on Saturday . FIFA president Sepp Blatter was asked in a press conference why workers were still on site at the Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro , which will host the final of both the Confederations Cup and the World Cup . "  They are still working because they are trying to finish it , " said Blatter , who has been the head of world soccer since 1998 . "  That 's my personal opinion . "  We have been in competitions where , one hour before the head of state arrives , there were still painters painting something . "  There is a lot of work which will be done at the last minute . So for me it is not a surprise that with two days to go they are still working somewhere . It means that something is not finished , so we should just say ` OK ' and finish it . "  I 've been directly involved in World Cups since 1978 and I have witnessed a lot of such problems . " Concerns over Brazil 's readiness to host football 's biggest event have been voiced for some time . World Sport Presents : Racism in Football Those reservations were given credence last month when the roof collapsed at the newly-constructed Arena Fonte Nova in Salvador due to heavy rain and "  human error . " Brazilian sport minister Aldo Rebelo defended his country 's preparations , describing work which is still going on at Confederations Cup venues as "  fine tuning . " "  We have the situation where not only in the Maracana but in other stadiums we still have people working to finish , " said Rebelo . "  There was a lot of work done and a huge effort was made in order to deliver this for the Confederations Cup . " Meanwhile , FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke delivered assurances Nigeria will compete in the Confederations Cup , following reports that the Super Eagles had refused to board a flight to Brazil on Thursday in a row over performance bonuses . Nigeria , which qualified for the tournament by winning the Africa Cup of Nations , will now head to South America on Saturday ahead of a match with Tahiti in Belo Horizonte on Monday . "  I spoke with the team manager , they will be on a plane on Saturday and they will be at the Confederations Cup , " Valcke told reporters . "  The problem is solved . "  The issue is solved and they will fly to Brazil on Saturday . "	FIFA president Sepp Blatter is confident Brazil can host 2014 World Cup Concerns raised over Brazil 's readiness for the Confederations Cup The World Cup warm-up begins with Brazil taking on Japan on Saturday FIFA confirms Nigeria will take part in the tournament despite bonus row
CNN  -- A Michigan man and woman were convicted Thursday of trying to extort $ 680,000 from "  Full House " actor John Stamos by threatening to sell compromising photos that prosecutors say were never found . Scott Edward Sippola , 31 , and Allison Lenore Coss , 24 , could face up to nine years in prison for convictions of conspiracy and interstate communications to extort money , said assistant U.S. Attorney Maarten Vermaat . Sentencing is set for October 8 . "  The case was made by the fact that these defendants made threats to damage his -LSB- Stamos ' -RSB- reputation in order to have him pay them , " Vermaat said after the verdict in Marquette , Michigan . Jurors deliberated for about five hours Thursday . According to CNN affiliate WLUC , prosecutors said that Coss and Sippola demanded $ 680,000 from the television actor or they would sell embarrassing pictures to tabloid publications of Stamos allegedly using drugs . Vermaat said the defendants sent about 40 e-mails to Stamos threatening to sell the photos . FBI agents got involved and started monitoring Stamos ' e-mail account and "  eventually communicated by cellular telephone with the defendants pretending to be Mr. Stamos ' business manager . " Sippola and Coss were arrested in December 2009 at an airport , a pre-arranged drop off spot for the money . Defense attorney Sarah Henderson alleged at trial that Stamos had a fling with Coss when she was a 17-year-old vacationing on spring break in 2004 . Prosecutors said Stamos met Coss during a trip to Disney World in Orlando , Florida . They developed a friendship and the two communicated by e-mail occasionally until November 2009 , when the actor turned the photos matter over to the FBI . According to WLUC , Coss testified there were several photos depicting Stamos using cocaine . She claimed the actor seemed interested in buying the photos . The actor testified that nothing inappropriate happened at a 2004 spring-break party and , accordingly , he did n't believe compromising photos existed . Stamos said Thursday he wants to get back to work . "  I would like to thank the court , the FBI and the U.S . Attorney 's office for their swift and efficient dealings in connection with this case , " Stamos said in a statement Thursday afternoon . "  I am shocked and perplexed how individuals could fabricate so many false stories in an effort to defend a crime . I agreed to be a witness for a federal criminal prosecution and endured countless false accusations about my behavior and appropriateness . The allegations made regarding an inappropriate relationship are completely untrue . These slanderous allegations to smear my reputation were part of their defense to redirect attention away from the federal crime of extortion . There was no hot tub , no drugs , no nudity and nothing sexual in nature involved in my friendship with this woman . They lied about everything from a pregnancy to compromising photos . " A call by CNN to defense attorney Sarah Henderson was not immediately returned .	Michigan woman , man convicted of trying to extort money from actor John Stamos Defendants accused of threatening to sell what they said were compromising photos Prosecutors say the compromising photos were never found
CNN  -- As high-tech reality TV goes , it 's hard to top Sunday 's riveting leap from the stratosphere by Austrian daredevil Felix Baumgartner . It took courage and skill , to be sure . But the technology required to get a guy well on his way to outer space , then allow him to plummet safely back to Earth , deserves some credit , too . From the one-of-a-kind Red Bull Stratos capsule to a pressurized space suit engineered specifically for the jump to a "  smart " parachute designed to deploy if Baumgartner had spiraled out of control , the jump debuted tech that organizers say could contribute to the science world in other areas . After space jump , what 's the next big stunt ? Here is a look at some of the most interesting gadgetry used during the record-breaking leap : The capsule At 2,900 pounds , the Stratos weighs in at slightly more than a modern Volkswagen Beetle . It 's made of a fiberglass and epoxy "  pressure sphere , " the same kind of steel alloy  chromium-molybdenum  cage used in racecars , a foam-insulated fiberglass shield that protected Baumgartner from temperatures as low as -70 degrees Fahrenheit and a base covered in "  crush pads " designed to handle 8 Gs of impact pressure . The suit Engineers on the project say Baumgartner 's spacesuit-style uniform could serve as a model for the future of space travel and exploration . The fully pressurized suit was tested to withstand temperatures as high as 100 degrees Fahrenheit and , more importantly in Baumgartner 's case , as low as -90 degrees Fahrenheit . Why was the 3.5 pounds of pressure in the suit important ? Because , according to the Stratos team , tissues in Baumgartner 's body could have turned to gas and expanded while he was above 62,000 feet . Not good . The most innovative aspects of the suit , however , might have been those designed for mobility and vision . A skydiver needs the ability to move around more quickly than , say , an astronaut tethered to the outside of the international space station . The Stratos suit was modified to allow more mobility and a system of mirrors increased visibility . A hockey puck-sized controller is programmed to adjust pressure based on the suit 's current altitude and a new kind of rotating , locking ring attached the helmet and gloves to the rest of the suit . Baumgartner 's helmet was an 8-pound composite mold attached to a pair of oxygen cylinders during his descent . Its visor was equipped with an integrated heating unit to prevent fogging and icing . Chest pack The nerve center of Baumgartner 's gear was a chest pack where most of the high-tech gadgetry he 'd need to complete , and document , the jump was stored . Data recorders inside it reported his altitude , speed and location to mission control to help them monitor his progress and whereabouts . The pack also contained a GPS beacon to make him easier to find . The voice transmitter and receiver that connected to his helmet were in the chest pack , as was an HD camera with a 120-degree view . Cameras That chest pack camera was n't the only one devoted to documenting the historic leap . Still and video cameras were designed specifically for the mission by Jay Nemeth of FlightLine Films . Nemeth is one of a handful of photographers with experience shooting in zero-gravity , including a shoot with Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin . There were nine high-definition cameras in the capsule , three high-resolution still cameras and three digital cinematography cameras with lens resolution of 4,000 x 2,000-pixels . In addition to Baumgartner 's chest-pack camera , he also had one attached to each thigh . The cameras were modified in a host of the ways for the unique needs of the mission -- from pressurized casings filled with nitrogen to protect them from the extreme temperatures to special filters to protect them from the brightness of the sun at that altitude  iPhone 5 owners take note  . Parachute The parachute itself was a tech marvel five years in the making . The first personal parachute ever used for a supersonic-speed fall , it weighs 60 pounds , or three times as much as a normal parachute . It included a "  drogue chute " that could have deployed if Baumgartner began spinning out of control . He had a button on one of his gloves that would have caused the chute to open if he held it down for three seconds . That parachute  which is separate from the regular emergency chute  also would have deployed if it was being hit by unexpectedly high levels of pressure for more than six seconds . His rig also included a button to cut the emergency parachute . While it would just be an inconvenience for many skydivers , if Baumgartner 's emergency chute accidentally deployed at a high altitude , it could have slowed him down so much that he ran out of oxygen . Sticking the landing How was Baumgartner able to control where he landed ? For starters , the skydiver remained within the Earth 's atmosphere , so he never had to account for the planet rotating underneath him . His team waited for ideal weather conditions , when there were fewer high-altitude winds that might have caused his balloon to drift . And once he deployed his parachute , less than two miles above the Earth , Baumgartner was able to steer himself to a flat , open landing spot in the New Mexico desert -- some 23 miles east of where the balloon had taken off several hours earlier . A beacon inside his suit allowed his recovery helicopter to follow him .	On Sunday , daredevil Felix Baumgartner lept from 128,100 feet above Earth Technology in the Red Bull Stratos capsule included a steel alloy cage Pressurized suit featured innovations to make mobility and visibility better
CNN  -- Lionel Messi celebrated his second successive world player of the year award with a hat-trick as Spanish champions Barcelona crushed division two team Real Betis 5-0 in the first leg of their Copa del Rey quarterfinal on Wednesday night . The Argentina forward , who headed off clubmates Andres Iniesta and Xavi to win the FIFA Ballon d'Or on Monday , proved the difference after the visitors provided stern early resistance . The 23-year-old finally broke the deadlock a minute before halftime with a delightful chip , and the tie was effectively over ahead of next week 's second leg when he completed his treble with 17 minutes to play . Betis deserved better for their first-half efforts , highlighted by Ruben Castro crashing a shot against the crossbar soon after Messi 's opener . Why were EPL players snubbed in all-star selection ? But in the end they had goalkeeper Casto to thank that the scoreline was not even greater as he bravely thwarted a succession of Barca attacks . As it was , Pedro made it 4-0 on 76 with his 13th goal in 14 games after Casto blocked Daniel Alves ' initial effort , and Seydou Keita headed the fifth with seven minutes to play as he rose high to meet Iniesta 's outrageous scooped cross . Midfielder Iniesta also had an assist with Messi 's first , while the second came in the 62nd minute following a pass from David Villa as the diminutive hero of the Catalan crowd squeezed home from an acute angle after Casto beat out his first attempt . Messi took his tally to 31 for the season when he won a one-on-one duel with the keeper , but Casto denied him a fourth from a similar situation before he was substituted . Messi claims World Player of the Year award Josep Guardiola 's team , seeking a 26th King 's Cup crown , are now unbeaten in 29 matches in all competitions since the shock loss to Hercules in early September . In Wednesday 's other quarterfinal tie , cup holders Sevilla battled back to earn a 3-3 draw away to third-placed La Liga side Villarreal . The home team twice led by two goals , as Cani and Italy forward Giuseppe Rossi made it 2-0 inside the opening half hour . Striker Alvaro Negredo replied with the first of his two goals six minutes before halftime but Marco Ruben restored Villarreal 's advantage 10 minutes after the break . Blatter hails La Liga as ` best in the world ' Negredo leveled on the hour mark and defender Alexis Ruano grabbed a crucial third away goal ahead of the decider at the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan . On Thursday , 17-time winners Real Madrid host city rivals Atletico while Deportivo La Coruna travel to Almeria in a clash between two of La Liga 's struggling teams . Inter Milan moved into the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup on Wednesday night as the defending champions won 3-2 at home to Genoa with two goals from striker Samuel Eto'o . The Cameroon star struck in the 15th minute and again just before halftime with a fierce half-volley for his 21st this season , but Genoa midfielder Houssine Kharja reduced the deficit nine minutes after the break with a penalty following a foul by debutant defender Andrea Ranocchia -- playing against his former club . Kenyan midfielder MacDonald Mariga restored Inter 's two-goal advantage with a header from a corner five minutes later , and Giuseppe Sculli 's reply in time added on was just a consolation . Palermo also progressed into the last eight of the Coppa Italia with a 1-0 win at home to Chievo , as Fabrizio Miccoli scored the only goal from the penalty spot with 10 minutes left .	World player of year Lionel Messi nets treble as Barcelona thrash second division Betis Argentina forward helps put Barca 5-0 ahead in Spanish Cup quarterfinal tie Inter | Milan through to last eight of Italian Cup after beating Genoa 3-2 Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o scores twice for the defending champions
Atlanta  CNN  -- Imagine paying as much for water as you do for your mortgage . Residents throughout Atlanta are outraged by hundreds , even thousands of dollars in monthly spikes in their water bills , and have questioned the legitimacy of the charges for years . Now , they 're demanding answers . "  I thought we were sinking in a hole of water , " said Debbi Scarborough . "  It scared me to death . I thought we had a major leak when I got the bill . " Over two months last summer , her family 's monthly water bill , shot up to $ 1,805 In July and then $ 1,084 in August , leaving a balance due of more than $ 3,000 . She said in the past her bill has averaged $ 200 to $ 250 . "  I 'm not paying a $ 3,000 bill . And for those three months , we were pretty much out of town most of the time and there 's no leaks , " she said , showing CNN a copy of her plumber 's report . The city installed a device on her meter to track daily usage . In the meantime , Scarborough 's bill remains unpaid while she disputes the charges . She is not alone . While similar complaints about huge water bill spikes have popped up in Cleveland , Ohio ; Charlotte , North Carolina ; Tampa , Florida ; and Brockton , Massachusetts ; it appears that the issue has lasted the longest in Atlanta . See how top 50 cities rank It 's led to a class-action lawsuit , countless meetings with city officials and continuing complaints from fed-up residents . Thousands of residents who have seen unusual spikes have appealed their high water bills . Just last year , the city issued credits totaling $ 466,368 to customers . Atlanta , with more than 500,000 residents , says it already has the highest water rates of any major city in the United States , due in part to federal consent decrees to overhaul the city 's water supply infrastructure . Many of the problems arose after the installation of new , automated water meters , which began nearly five years ago , and involved contracts for meter installations , the electronic meters and software equipment . The automated meter-reading technology eliminates the need for city workers to manually check every meter . Instead , they retrieve the data by driving by each property . The meter electronically transmits data showing the amount of water used . From the beginning , there were problems . In 2007 , city auditors found they were "  unable to verify electronic meter readings " because of "  meter read errors , equipment failures or human errors . " Specifically , the audit said "  about 9 % of the meters could not be read due to broken or malfunctioning equipment . " Two years later , another audit concluded that a "  high number of accounts " were not getting "  actual meter readings " because of "  meter read errors , equipment failures or human errors . " CNN reviewed hundreds of complaints from Atlanta residents as well as city e-mails obtained through a public records request . On August 26 , 2010 , Mitch Elliott , a sales executive of Neptune Technologies , which manufactured the meters , wrote to a city official : "  It has been an industry experience that typically when a utility does an AMR  automatic meter reading  meter changeout and also switches software billing companies that generally high bill complaints are either due to new meter accuracy and/or a billing multiplier error . " Elliott would not comment , referring CNN to city officials . Peter Aman , the city of Atlanta 's chief operating officer , said in an interview that he realized at that time the situation was serious . He 's been on the job since January 2010 . Last September , he replaced senior management in the Atlanta Dept. of Watershed Management . He said the city has sampled about 9,000 of the 132,954 residential meters and made a major discovery : About 1 % of the meters ' registers , which show how much water is being used , and the meter base underneath do not properly fit . That mismatch could result in a doubling of the water bill , Aman said . "  These two components do n't match and guess what ? They 're labeled . This one says three-quarter  inch  on it and this one has a "  1 "  inch  on it . Now , it 's small print but it 's big enough to see , " Aman said . That would explain a billing multiplier error , which leads to higher bills , he said . He added that the problem was first "  identified in the audit back in  2007  and -LSB- the city -RSB- put in place , or were supposed to put in place , a whole system of checks and balances as they went through the rest of the system upgrade , and clearly they failed because we 're still finding these mismatches out there . " Experts : U.S. water infrastructure in trouble Operators of Lenox Square Mall and Phipps Plaza , two large shopping malls , complained about water billings "  nearly $ 300,000 over last year for this same period of time , " according to another e-mail . "  There appears to be serious errors in the water billings that are creating huge hardships for both centers , " wrote Michael F. Romstead , regional vice president of Mid Atlantic Mall of Georgia . "  We need the city 's full attention to correct the problem . " The city responded by changing the meters ' registers . Romstead did not return calls to check whether the bills had gone back to normal , but there are no follow-up complaints in the city records supplied to CNN . Asked about problems with the rest of the meters , Aman said , "  The majority of the people who complain about high water bills have some issue that is not associated with the meter . Many , many of them have either leaks , or increases in usage through irrigation or pool filling that they did n't fully understand the impact of , but that 's not to minimize the fact that we do have some cases of meters that are n't functioning properly . And we 're addressing those on a case-by-case basis and giving people their money back . To me , the story here is there has been a complete loss of trust between the city and its citizens and its customers . " The city has not found issues with meter manufacturer Neptune Technologies Inc. or Systems and Software Inc. which installed the billing software , Aman said . Executives at both companies declined interview requests . Two other contractors that installed meters at commercial locations did not return calls . "  We have not found a smoking gun , if you will , in terms of a system problem , " Aman told CNN . However , he said the company that installed the residential meters should be held accountable . KHAFRA , an Atlanta-based firm , joined a Pennsylvania company to carry out the $ 40.3 million contract . After months of calls , KHAFRA President Valentino Bates agreed to an interview , but only after CNN had spoken to Aman . "  When we ended the contract in December of 2009 , we had a 90-day window to come in and address any concerns . No concerns were brought to us . So as of today sitting here with you , it is our understanding that the meters are functioning properly as they were supposed to when we installed them , " Bates said . He said the company had identified 968 meters that had the mismatching problem , and fixed all of them by last March . The project , he said , was "  very successful " and he added that he had not been informed about additional meter issues . Asked if his company would repair any other meters the city said were not correctly installed , Bates told CNN , "  If it is our problem , we will do that . " Meanwhile , Atlanta residents continue to complain to the city , which received more than 22,000 calls to its Department of Watershed Management in January . And last year alone , there were a total of 12,291 water bill disputes , according to the city . "  Clearly , people are upset , and one of the things that we said to people is that we hear you and that we do believe we have problems in the water meter and billing system , " Aman said . That does n't convince residents like Wilda Cobb , who is astounded at a water bill that now totals $ 10,071 . Her bill spiked to more than $ 1,200 in November , then skyrocketed to $ 6,879 in December . "  I am furious , I am upset , I 'm confused , " Cobb said . "  I ca n't get an answer from the city because they wo n't admit there is a problem . " A city official reviewed Cobb 's bills , and said the unusually high usage for the two months would normally mean there was some kind of leak , possibly with the irrigation system . The city installed a data logger meter that tracks usage during each day . Her latest bill is down to just $ 34 . Ironically , Cobb knows something about water issues . She 's an attorney for the Environmental Protection Agency . "  As I person , I know something 's wrong here , " Cobb said . "  As an attorney , what can I do about it ? But , I do n't think it takes a law degree to say $ 7,000 for a month 's use of water by one person in a small home is just crazy without a leak . " Watch CNN Newsroom weekdays 9am to 3pm ET and weekends . For the latest from the CNN Newsroom click here .	Atlanta woman reacts to her $ 3,000 water bill : I 'm "  sinking in a hole of water " City water officials received more than 22,000 calls in January Many problems arise after installation of automated water meters Similar water bill spikes reported in Ohio , Massachusetts , North Carolina and Florida
CNN  -- The ambush by up to a dozen gunmen of a bus carrying members of the Sri Lankan cricket team in Lahore is the realization of fears long held by the sport 's leading players . Pakistani policemen outside The National Stadium after masked gunmen attacked the Sri Lankan cricket team in Lahore on March 3 , 2009 . The Sri Lankan team had agreed to tour Pakistan after India pulled out in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks in Mumbai last November when more than 160 people died in a three-day siege . The England team was in India -- but not in Mumbai -- during the attacks and promptly cut their tour short and returned home . In September 2008 , Cricket Australia decided to push ahead with a tour of India despite a series of bomb attacks in the country 's capital New Delhi . In March of the same year , they had pulled out of a tour of Pakistan after a spate of suicide bombings . Before that , the Australian team had not played in Pakistan for 10 years . Such was the concern about the security risks presented to players in Pakistan that in August 2008 the International Cricket Council  ICC  announced the biennial Champions Trophy would be postponed until October 2009 . The ICC announced last month that it was investigating other venues after three countries -- England , New Zealand and Australia -- expressed reservations about touring Pakistan . South Africa pulled out of the 2008 competition citing security concerns . Long before that , in 2002 , a suicide bomb blast outside the New Zealand team 's hotel prompted them to pack up and abandon the second Test series in Pakistan . The explosion injured the team physiotherapist and killed 11 French navy experts as well as two Pakistanis . The previous year , the New Zealand team cancelled a scheduled tour of Pakistan in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks in the U.S. Most of the team stayed on to play , though under increased security , when a suicide attack closed Colombo 's international airport in July 2001 . In February 1996 , Australia and the West Indies refused to play in preliminary World Cup matches in Sri Lanka after a huge bomb blast killed 80 people and injured 1,200 in Colombo . In November 1992 , also in Colombo , a suicide bomber detonated a bomb outside a hotel where the New Zealand team was having breakfast , killing four people . Five players and the coach were allowed to return home on compassionate grounds . Five years earlier , in April 1987 , the New Zealand team cut short a three-test tour of Sri Lanka after a car bomb killed 100 people at a bus station in Colombo .	Sri Lankan team agreed to replace India in Pakistan after Mumbai attacks International teams have long expressed concern about security in Pakistan Australian team pulled out of tour of Pakistan last year after suicide bombings ICC currently investigating other venues for postponed Champions Trophy
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- Across the country , insurance companies , trial lawyers and legislators are closely watching a November referendum in the state of Washington that could change how insurers are required to treat their customers . Insurance companies are using the referendum process to try to strike down a new law in Washington state . Insurance giants like Allstate , State Farm , Safeco and Farmers have poured more than $ 8 million into the referendum battle . Their goal is to convince voters to reject a law passed earlier this year that could force insurers to pay up to triple damages and lawyer fees if they fail to pay a legitimate claim and then lose in court . A "  yes " vote on the referendum allows the law to go into effect while a "  no " vote strikes the law down . Supporters of the law say it forces insurance companies to pay legitimate claims in a timely and fair fashion and frees the courts from relatively minor cases that clog the system for months and even years . One supporter , the Washington Trial Lawyers Association , has raised almost $ 900,000 to fight the insurance industry over the referendum . "  Insurance companies have figured out that they can make more money if they do n't pay your claim , " said Washington state Rep. Steve Kirby . Kirby and his fellow Washington state lawmakers heard so many complaints from policy holders who believed insurers were n't treating them fairly that earlier this year they passed a law called "  The Fair Conduct Act . " Hearings were held , the bill was revised -- even watered down , according to Kirby -- and both the House and Senate passed it . The governor readily signed it . But the very next day a coalition , funded primarily by insurance companies , moved in to stop the law from going into effect by filing petitions for a voter referendum on the law . Representatives of the insurance industry say the law will raise premiums and that the system is working fine as it is . The law , they said , will only make things worse , and they want voters to have the final say . "  The insurance companies stepped in and said , ` Consumers , you get to decide if you want to do this , ' " said Dana Childers , executive director of the Liability Reform Coalition , which is leading the insurance company charge to defeat the new law . Childers said the state 's own insurance commissioner sees no need for the law . "  His own information that he provided to the legislature and the public says that this law simply is n't necessary , " Childers said . But that 's not what Insurance Commissioner Mike Kreidler told CNN in a recent interview in Seattle . Kreidler said he strongly supports the new law and that if insurance companies act responsibly they have nothing to fear . "  If companies act in good faith , -LSB- they are -RSB- not going to have a problem , " Kreidler said . "  It 's not going to cost any more money . There 's not going to be any legal action . There 's going to be no treble damages , because if companies deal with their customers in good faith there 's no penalty . " The campaign to woo voters has already begun . The insurance industry-backed group is already running television commercials depicting greedy lawyers planning to sue and warning consumers that the law will lead to frivolous lawsuits and higher rates . It 's not a new tactic by the insurance companies . Earlier this year , CNN exposed a controversial insurance industry strategy that began in the mid-1990s . Former insiders say insurance companies began limiting or denying legitimate claims in minor injury cases and reaped billions in profits as a result . The strategy has tied up courts across the country -- over minor claims , judges told CNN -- for months and even years . How did they do it ? "  It really came down to basically three elements : a position of delay , a position of denying a claim and ultimately defending that claim that you 're denied , " said Jim Mathis , a former insurance industry insider . But Robert Hartwig , with the industry-backed Insurance Institute , said the strategy was not intended to deny valid claims but to attack fraud , which , he claimed earlier this year , was rampant in minor accident cases . "  What insurers are doing is trying to monitor costs . And every insurance company is under the same pressure to do it , " Hartwig said . Washington state resident Michelle Tribble plans to vote for the law because she says she has experienced the strategy first-hand . She says her two accidents convinced her insurance companies do n't want to play fair . Tribble was working for an insurance company when she got rear-ended on the freeway . Ten weeks later she got hit again , this time by an uninsured motorist . The two accidents , she said , resulted in back injuries that required medical treatment . The first company agreed to pay but her own insurer , Allstate , refused to pay even though she had coverage . "  I just wanted my medical bills paid because I did n't want my credit being hurt , " Tribble said , adding that the total came to about $ 18,000 . She said Allstate dug into her medical past . "  They brought out stacks of medical records , you know , to see if I was at all deceptive . " An arbitrator sided with Tribble , but Allstate refused to pay . The case went to court , where a jury , too , ruled for Tribble . But Allstate appealed again . Finally , four years after the accident , the company paid her claim . Allstate said it could not comment on individual claims but said cases like Tribble 's prove "  that the current judicial system is working . " E-mail to a friend	Referendum in Washington state aims to derail new insurance law Insurance industry opposes law that could force triple damages in some cases Measure 's supporters say it will ensure that customers are treated fairly
CNN  -- Bad luck , or just another step in Manchester United 's fall from dominance ? The club 's share price may have recovered a little since last month 's $ 61 million marquee signing of Juan Mata from Chelsea , but qualification for the lucrative European Champions League is looking further away than ever for beleaguered manager David Moyes . Mata helped United win on his debut against lowly Cardiff in midweek , but the Spaniard could not stop his new team crashing to a 2-1 defeat at unfancied Stoke . It means fourth-placed Liverpool can move nine points clear of United in the Premier League on Sunday with a win at struggling West Brom . Table-topping Manchester City , meanwhile , will go 16 points ahead of United with victory over second-placed Chelsea on Monday . Moyes has had a tough time since replacing Alex Ferguson , the most successful manager in the history of English football , and he was left bemoaning his fortunes after losing two players to injury and conceding a wickedly-deflected free-kick . However , while Charlie Adam 's first goal may have been fortuitous , his second -- which made Robin van Persie 's equalizer redundant -- was a moment of magic as the Scottish midfielder smashed in a 25-yard thunderbolt . It was United 's eighth league defeat in 24 matches , compared to just five in 38 in Ferguson 's championship-winning farewell . This is the club 's worst run in the top flight since the 1989-90 season . "  We played well today , " a defiant Moyes told MUTV . "  We 're definitely not getting a lot of good fortune going our way , but we 've got ourselves to blame for the opportunities we missed . "  I think the free-kick summed it up . That went in after we 'd controlled the majority of the game . I think it was going wide , but it took a wicked deflection and went in . That 's when you know that your luck is n't in . It 's just not going for us . "  It was a difficult day , the conditions were tough . We had opportunities to get at least a draw and they scored a world-class second goal which was hard to defend against . " While United 's attack has been bolstered by the arrival of Mata and the return from injury of last season 's top scorer Van Persie and England striker Wayne Rooney , Moyes ' defensive options are looking thinner after Phil Jones was stretchered off before halftime and fellow center-back Jonny Evans suffered a calf injury . "  Phil is okay . He was unconscious for a period during the game , but he 's had a head scan and the hospital has checked him and there were no problems , " Moyes said . It was Stoke 's first league win against United since 1984 , when manager Mark Hughes was a 20-year-old striker playing for the Manchester side . His team leaped out of the bottom three up to 11th in the table after winning just its sixth game . "  That tells you how crazy the league is at the moment , " said Hughes , whose side are just six points above bottom club Fulham . Moyes ' former team Everton , meanwhile , moved up to fifth place -- which would secure a spot in the second-tier Europa League next season -- with a 2-1 win over Aston Villa . Belgium forward Kevin Mirallas fired in a superb 85th-minute free-kick as Everton bounced back from last week 's 4-0 drubbing by Merseyside rivals Liverpool , with substitute Steven Naismith equalizing Leandro Bacuna 's first-half opener for the 10th-placed visitors . Tottenham , beaten 5-1 by Manchester City in midweek , dropped to sixth after being held 1-1 at Hull . Brazil midfielder Paulinho , returning after a month sidelined by injury , canceled out new signing Shane Long 's opener for the home side . Newcastle failed to join seventh-placed Manchester United on 40 points after losing 3-0 at home to northeast rivals Sunderland , who completed a derby double and continued a resurgence under manager Gus Poyet by moving up to 14th . Southampton consolidated ninth place with a 3-0 win at Fulham , who dropped to the foot of the table despite fielding two new loan signings , Denmark midfielder William Kvist and Tottenham 's Germany international Lewis Holtby . West Ham 's relegation battle was boosted by a 2-0 win at Swansea that left the London team third from bottom , but star striker Andy Carroll was sent off after setting up both goals for Kevin Nolan . Former Manchester United striker Ole Gunnar Solkskjaer enjoyed his first win in charge of Cardiff , beating Norwich 2-1 , but the Welsh club was still left second from bottom .	David Moyes suffers eight defeat in 24 league matches in charge of Manchester United Saturday 's 2-1 loss to Stoke was United 's first in the league to that team since 1984 Manager Moyes blames bad luck and poor finishing in front of goal Reverse means United may fall nine points behind fourth place by end of weekend
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- An Afghan police officer fatally shot an American contractor at Kabul police headquarters early on Monday , authorities said . The killing occurred a day after five policemen were killed by their commander in Jawzjan province , in the north . The incidents added to a number of insider attacks by Afghan soldiers and police officers -- or attackers dressed like them . More than 50 people have been killed in Afghanistan in similar attacks this year , which the Afghan government calls acts of terrorism . Read more : SEAL commander 's death in Afghanistan an apparent suicide , military says Monday 's incident marked the first such an attack involving a female suspect , said Hagen Messer , a spokesman for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . Sediq Seddiqi , a spokesman for Afghan Interior Ministry , said the woman , around 40 , has been a member of the police force for two years . She was arrested and was questioned , he said . The victim was identified as Joseph Griffin , 49 , of Mansfield , Georgia , according to DynCorp International , which describes itself as "  a global government services provider in support of U.S. national security and foreign policy objectives , delivering support solutions for defense , diplomacy , and international development . " The civilian contractor for the security assistance force was working as an adviser to Afghan police , said Maj. Martyn Crighton , another ISAF spokesman . DynCorp said Griffin had been supporting the Afghan Ministry of Interior and Afghan National Police Development Program . Griffin , a veteran of the U.S. military who had served in American-based law enforcement positions , had supported several of the company 's global training and mentoring programs since November 2000 . He began his most recent assignment in July 2011 , DynCorp said . "  Joe spent his career helping people all over the world , most recently working to help the Afghan people secure a better future , " said Steve Gaffney , chairman and chief executive of DynCorp International . "  The loss of any team member is tragic , but to have this happen over the holidays makes it seem all the more unfair . " A woman who answered the phone at Griffin 's home said she had no comment . Read more : Britain 's Cameron pays surprise visit to troops in Afghanistan A biannual Pentagon report to Congress this month said there 's been an overall increase in "  insider attacks " on U.S. or coalition training forces . "  The rise in insider attacks has the potential to adversely affect the coalition 's political landscape , " according to the report . "  It remains clear that the insider threat is both an enemy tactic and has a cultural component , " according to the report . No group immediately claimed responsibility for Monday 's attack . But a Taliban spokesman said it carried out Sunday 's attack on the five policemen . Read more : Karzai welcomes UK troop withdrawal plan In that incident , the police commander who killed the men was a Taliban insurgent who had infiltrated the Afghan police , said Abdul Aziz Ghairat , police chief of Jawzjan province . The Taliban spokesman said the commander was in touch with the militant group before the attack , and is now in a safe place in their midst . The Pentagon report said Taliban insurgents have lost some of their punch since their 2010 peak , but they remain "  resilient and determined " and "  will likely attempt to regain lost ground and influence " through assassinations , high-profile attacks , the use of roadside bombs and other violence . Also Monday , an ISAF service member was killed in an insurgent attack in eastern Afghanistan . Per policy , ISAF did not release the service member 's name or nationality . Read more : Landmine kills 10 girls collecting firewood CNN 's Samira Said and Neda Farshbaf contributed to this report .	NEW : Victim identified as 49-year-old Georgia man NEW : "  To have this happen over the holidays makes it seem all the more unfair , " DynCorp CEO says Monday 's incident is the first insider attack involving a female suspect A Pentagon report says there has been an overall increase in "  insider attacks "
