CNN  -- As far as fans are concerned , "  Gravity " is out of this world . The Sandra Bullock/George Clooney space thriller set an October opening weekend record , surpassing "  Paranormal Activity 3 's " $ 52.6 million debut in 2011 , according to EW . Many critics also hailed the film , which centers around characters being set adrift in space . But some in the science community have taken exception to some of the facts presented . Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson took to Twitter over the weekend to offer several "  Mysteries of #Gravity , " including "  The film #Gravity should be renamed ` Angular Momentum . ' " He points what the film got wrong , from the fact that Bullock 's hair did n't free float to why she , as a medical doctor , was on the mission to start with . So here we offer 5 things that could n't happen in "  Gravity . " Word to the wise : Stop reading now if you have an issue with spoilers  Seriously . You have been warned  . 1 . The way the shuttle travels NASA expert Michael A. Interbartolo III did n't even have to wait for the film to come out to dispute this . When the trailer premiered , he wrote that the relative motion of the shuttle in the film appears to be off for the chain of events that follow . "  The way I am seeing it , the shuttle was wings level , payload bay up  Z  , right wing into the orbital velocity vector  X direction of travel  , nose in Y , " wrote Interbartolo , who said he flew the shuttle in Mission Control for 11 years . "  The Micrometeoroid and Orbital Debris -LSB- MMOD -RSB-  though most were not really micro Meteoroid  impact puts it into a roll about Y with it still traveling in the velocity vector X , and why are the Forward and Aft reaction control jets not firing to damp the ramp since they were intact in the trailer ? " Translation for you non-science types out there : It 's more movie magic than actual science that has the shuttle getting smacked with debris and then heading in the direction it is set . Sandra Bullock keeps defying gravity with her career 2 . Rendezvousing in space is not as easy -- or as quick -- as the film makes it appear Bullock plays Ryan Stone , a medical engineer on her first mission in space who gets set adrift after an accident . Part of the action involves her trying to make her way back to a fellow astronaut , Clooney 's Matt Kowalski . But according to Interbartolo , it 's a wonder that Clooney 's character does n't get "  shredded " by all the debris floating around after the incident , let alone that the pair manage to link up again . "  If it is just her and Clooney , assuming she somehow got back to him after being flung away on the  Remote Manipulator System  free floating trying to get to the space station without a vehicle , that seems unlikely , unless the two orbits just magically intersect at the exact right time for them to be anywhere near the  International Space Station  , " he said . What Buzz Aldrin thinks of ` Gravity ' 3 . Kowalski 's equipment is outdated Kowalski flies around on a way-cool jet pack that helps him get to Stone when she is in need . Writing for WRAL 's science blog , NASA/JPL Solar System Ambassador program volunteer Tony Rice notes that "  The Manned Maneuvering Unit  MMU  Clooney 's character jets around on in the opening scenes does exist but was used only on three early shuttle missions and not since 1984 . "  You can see space flown MMUs today hanging above space-flown shuttle orbiters at the Air and Space Museum and Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex , " Rice wrote . "  The MMU was capable only of short bursts to move astronauts around the shuttle , not crossing distances portrayed in the film and certainly not in the time presented . But it was certainly a cool way to get Bullock and Clooney into the second act . " Read this story or we give away the ending 4 . Bullock 's astronaut is way more adept than she should be After all the space walking , being flung around and dodging debris , Bullock 's Stone is still able to navigate not just one but two spacecraft from other countries : a Russian Soyuz and a Chinese Shenzhou . It 's amazing , given that Stone points out that she was not the best in training on the United States spacecraft . "  She handles both ships with surprising deftness considering she was only lightly trained on the Soyuz and not at all on the Shenzhou , " Jeffrey Kluger wrote for Time magazine . "  And throughout the movie , she and Clooney spend a fair bit of time getting whacked around in space , grabbing onto this or that rail or tether on the shuttle or ISS only at the last second to avoid pinwheeling off into the void . In truth , pressurized space gloves are murderously hard to manipulate , providing only limited grip at best and leaving astronauts ' hands cold and very painful after a day of work . Making the kinds of one-handed Cirque du Soleil catches Clooney and Bullock accomplish would be impossible . " How Bullock prepared for her role 5 . The Hubble , the International Space Station and a Chinese space station are not neighbors In the film , Bullock just needs to hop from space station to space station in order to find a refuge from debris and to make it home to Earth . But as the New York Times pointed out , that 's not as easy as it looks . Photos : Sandra Bullock : America 's sweetheart "  As we recall from bitter memory , the Hubble and the space station are in vastly different orbits , " Dennis Overbye wrote . "  Getting from one to the other requires so much energy that not even space shuttles had enough fuel to do it . The telescope is 353 miles high , in an orbit that keeps it near the Equator ; the space station is about 100 miles lower , in an orbit that takes it far north , over Russia . " "  To have the movie astronauts Matt Kowalski  Mr. Clooney  and Ryan Stone  Ms. Bullock  zip over to the space station would be like having a pirate tossed overboard in the Caribbean swim to London . " The film 's director , Alfonso CuarÃ ³ n , seemed fully prepared for the criticism after "  Gravity 's " release . "  This is not a documentary , " the director told collectSPACE.com . "  It is a piece of fiction . "	Fans love "  Gravity , " but scientists have found some flaws in the film Space walking is not as easy as the movie makes it look Bullock 's character is very skillful
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A legislative candidate was killed , along with his wife and two children , bringing campaigns for statewide offices in the southeastern state of Tabasco to a halt , the state-run news agency Notimex reported . PRI candidate Jose Francisco Fuentes Esperon was killed , along with his wife and their two sons . The bodies of Jose Francisco Fuentes Esperon , his wife and two young sons were found inside their home in the capital of Villahermosa on Saturday . According to local reports , Fuentes ' wife was shot in the head , and the boys , ages 10 and 13 , had been asphyxiated . Less clear was the candidate 's fate . Some reports said that his body had signs of torture and had a wound on his neck , which may have been from a gunshot . As of Sunday , authorities had not released a motive for the crime , though speculation of a drug cartel hit or a robbery circulated in Tabasco . Fuentes ' party , the Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , immediately announced a campaign moratorium for all of its candidates for the state 's October 18 elections . Other political parties followed suit . "  The PRI can not go out at this moment and ask citizens for their vote when it finds itself with a broken heart because of the homicide of its candidate , " Tabasco PRI director Adrian Hernandez Balboa said , according to Notimex . In response , the Tabasco state government offered all political candidates protection during their campaigns if they requested it , a statement from the office of Gov. Andres Granier Melo said . Mexican President Felipe Calderon called Granier to offer his condolences and show his support for the investigation , the statement said . The weekend slaying was not the first time an entire family has been killed in Tabasco . In February , a Tabasco police official who had arrested a drug trafficker a week earlier was killed together with his mother , wife , children and nieces and nephews . His brother , also a state police officer , was wounded , as were two others . The day before Fuentes and his family were killed , unknown gunmen fatally shot two state police officers in Villahermosa and injured two others .	Bodies of Jose Francisco Fuentes Esperon , wife and 2 sons found inside their home Discovery brings campaigns for statewide offices in state of Tabasco to halt Fuentes ' wife shot in head ; their sons , 10 and 13 , had been asphyxiated Officials release no motive for slayings ; speculation centers on drug cartel or robbery
Washington  CNN  -- Longtime observers of the Middle East are baffled by allegations that high-ranking officials in the Iranian government approved a plan to assassinate Saudi Arabia Ambassador , Adel al-Jubeir , and blow up the Saudi and Israeli embassies in Washington . Commentators have described the plan as "  brazen , " but "  bizarre " and ` bone-headed " might be more appropriate adjectives . It 's difficult to comprehend either the motives or the means selected to carry out the plan outlined by the Justice Department in its criminal indictment of Manssor Arbabsiar and Gholam Shakuri . Tensions between Iran and Saudi Arabia are not new , but Iran has been both cautious and clever enough to restrain its ambitions for regional dominance . If the allegations of the assassination and bombing plot are true , and the covert operation had proved successful , Iran 's leaders would have invited retaliation on a scale far more vigorous than any they might have contemplated . Indeed , I think it 's fair to say that the Iranian landscape would likely have been substantially altered . Assuming , however , that Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the Supreme Leader , and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad never authorized the action or were ever aware of it , both have great cause for concern . Elements in their covert , black bag , assassination / terrorist unit were planning an attack that could have brought about the decapitation of their leadership , the obliteration of their ambitions to enter the nuclear weapons club and quite possibly have precipitated a global depression by engulfing the region in war . Rather than dismissing the plot as a Zionist fabrication , these leaders should be looking inward and holding accountable those who were responsible for undertaking such a dangerous and destructive mission . While awaiting greater clarification from those responsible for moving forward with the prosecution against Arbabsiar and Shakuri , the United States should explore several options : 1 . Bring the assassination and bombing plan to the United Nations Security Council and seek much tougher sanctions against Iran ; 2 . Encourage Saudi Arabia to review and revise its contractual arrangements with any country that refuses to support the imposition of tougher sanctions against Iran ; 3 . Intensify the effort to expose the activities of those nations who are circumventing the existing sanctions against Iran ; 4 . Make it clear to all members of the U.N. that Iran 's nuclear weapons program poses a serious threat to global stability . If a non-nuclear Iran initiated an assassination plan through a Mexican drug cartel , what would it be tempted to do once it possesses a nuclear weapon ? 5 . Strengthen our ability to keep the Persian Gulf open should hostilities ever break out ; 6 . Force the administration and Congress to move forward on improving the defense posture of our friends and allies who are threatened by Iran ; 7 . Urge Saudi Arabia and the Gulf States to move more aggressively in constructing coordinated , regional defense and security policies ; and 8 . Release intelligence information , to the maximum extent possible , which exposes those in the Iranian regime responsible for this act -- as a means of galvanizing support for the actions , such as additional sanctions , mentioned above . The above options are illustrative only . Others may have more punitive measures in mind . But right now , the United States and Saudi Arabia should proceed with vigor and not permit Iran to hide its dagger behind its back in its left hand , while professing its innocence with the right . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William S. Cohen .	William Cohen : Longtime Mideast observers baffled by reports of the plot He says if Iran 's leaders were n't aware , then they have a serious problem Iran officials must hold those involved accountable for their actions , he says Cohen : U.S. , Saudis can take variety of steps to increase pressure on Iran
Washington  CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration on Thursday extended through at least the weekend heightened security measures in the aftermath of a failed attempt to blow up a U.S. jetliner , the agency said . "  Out of an abundance of caution , the -LSB- TSA -RSB- is extending the current security measures through the busy holiday weekend , " the agency said in a statement . "  TSA will review and update these measures to keep the traveling public safe . " The current security directive requires airlines to physically pat down all passengers boarding planes bound for the United States and inspect their carry-on bags . It also gives airlines the discretion to take other measures to prevent people from secretly assembling or igniting bombs on aircraft . Those measures include prohibiting people from keeping pillows or blankets on their laps during the final hour of a flight . The added security measures were implemented after Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , 23 , allegedly tried to set off a bomb aboard a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan , on December 25 . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	TSA will review and update measures "  to keep the traveling public safe , " agency says Security directive requires airlines physically pat down all passengers boarding planes to U.S. It also gives airlines discretion to prevent people from secretly assembling or igniting bombs
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush vetoed an expansion of the federally funded , state-run health insurance program for poor children for a second time Wednesday , telling Congress the bill "  moves our country 's health care system in the wrong direction . " In his veto message , President Bush calls on Congress to extend funding for the current program . In his veto message , Bush said the bill is almost a duplicate of the proposal he spiked in October . "  Because the Congress has chosen to send me an essentially identical bill that has the same problems as the flawed bill I previously vetoed , I must veto this legislation , too , " he said in a statement released by the White House . The bill would have expanded the State Children 's Health Insurance Program by nearly $ 35 billion over five years , the same as the measure Bush vetoed October 3 . Track recent and historical presidential vetoes " The president had proposed adding $ 5 billion to the program and said the version he vetoed would have encouraged families to leave the private insurance market for the federally funded , state-run program . Democratic leaders said the new version addressed Republican objections by tightening restrictions on illegal immigrants receiving SCHIP benefits , capping the income levels of families that qualify for the program and preventing adults from receiving benefits . Though the measure had strong bipartisan support , it fell short of the two-thirds majorities needed to override a presidential veto in the House and Senate . House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said Democrats were more interested in scoring political points with the veto than in reaching a compromise with Republicans . "  We could have resolved the differences in his program in 10 minutes , if the majority had wanted to resolve the differences , " Boehner said . "  This has become a partisan political game . " The program currently covers about 6 million children whose parents earn too much to qualify for Medicaid -- the federal health insurance program for the poor -- but who ca n't afford private insurance . Democrats wanted to extend the program to another 4 million , paying for it with a 61-cent-per-pack increase in the federal tax on cigarettes . "  What a sad day that the president would say that rather than insuring -LSB- millions of -RSB- children , ' I do n't want to raise the cigarette tax , ' " said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi . She called for a January 23 vote on whether to override the veto . Meanwhile , Bush called on Congress to extend funding for the current program to keep the 6 million now covered on the rolls . E-mail to a friend	President Bush : Measure is "  essentially identical " to the proposal he vetoed before Bill would have expanded the State Children 's Health Insurance Program Bush : Measure "  moves our country 's health care system in the wrong direction " Program covers 6 million children whose parents do n't qualify for Medicaid
Tehran  CNN  -- Iranian centrist candidate Hassan Rouhani has won the country 's presidential election , a victory that garnered both congratulations and skepticism around the world . Rouhani spoke of reforms without threatening Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , or the country 's institutions -- of which he is product . The former national security council chief promised greater personal freedoms and indicated he would free political prisoners and jailed journalists . He takes the helm as Iran deals with sharp economic sanctions tied to international concern about its nuclear program . On Sunday , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cautioned the world against easing such sanctions . "  Regarding the results of the elections in Iran , let us not delude ourselves . The international community must not become caught up in wishes and be tempted to relax the pressure on Iran to stop its nuclear program , " Netanyahu said at a weekly Cabinet meeting . The prime minister also said Iran 's supreme leader "  disqualified candidates who did not fit his extremist outlook . " Read more : Rouhani , hawk or dove ? In his campaigning , Rouhani pledged to improve the economy and unemployment . As a former nuclear negotiator , he said he would reduce the high tension between Iran and the outside world by addressing the sanctions . In a message through the semiofficial Fars News Agency , the 65-year-old Rouhani said the win "  is the victory of wisdom , moderation , growth and awareness , the victory of commitment and religiosity over extremism and ill tempers . " Global reactions The British Foreign Office immediately urged Rouhani to help steer Iran in a new direction . "  We call on him to use the opportunity to set Iran on a different course for the future : addressing international concerns about Iran 's nuclear program , taking forward a constructive relationship with the international community , and improving the political and human rights situation for the people of Iran , " a Foreign Office spokesman said . The United States "  remains ready to engage the Iranian government directly in order to reach a diplomatic solution that will fully address the international community 's concerns about Iran 's nuclear program , " the White House said . Read more : Will Iran shift policy on Syria ? While the White House respected the vote , it said the election occurred "  against the backdrop of a lack of transparency , censorship of the media , Internet , and text messages , and an intimidating security environment that limited freedom of expression and assembly . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon offered his congratulations and called on Iran to take a "  constructive role in regional and international affairs . " . Following Ahmadinejad Rouhani succeeds outgoing President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who was term-limited and could not run in the election . But Rouhani wo n't be Iran 's most powerful man . That distinction belongs to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who has been Iran 's supreme leader since 1989 . He 's got plenty of backing , from conservative citizens to loyalist militia groups to , most notably , the Revolutionary Guard . On his website , the supreme leader said Rouhani is the president of all Iranians and told supporters of various candidates to set aside their differences and unify . Rouhani has all-round credentials in Iran 's institutions that include senior cleric , former commander of Iranian air defenses and is an intellectual with three law degrees , including from a university in Scotland . Read more : The view from Tehran He has a reputation for shunning extreme positions and bridging differences . While he has represented Khamenei on Iran 's security council since 1989 , he has avoided being perceived as a pushover and has taken exception with the supreme leader on being too rigid toward the international community , according to an Iranian scholar at Stanford University . Rouhani has accused state-run media of censorship and publishing lies . ` Not a democracy as we know it ' Prior to the results , British Prime Minister David Cameron said the Iranian election system does n't resemble a true democracy . "  We have to remember this is always only an election between a restricted number of candidates . It 's not democracy as we know it , " he told CNN 's Richard Quest . Iran 's Guardian Council , an unelected body made up of six clerics and six lawyers operating under the oversight of the supreme leader , drew up the restricted list of candidates from the 680 who initially registered . Read more : What 's at stake in election ? Eight candidates were approved , two of whom subsequently dropped out . The final six contenders did n't include any women . Nor did they include Ahmadinejad 's aide and protege Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei , who was among those excluded by the Guardian Council . The only cleric among the candidates , he has close ties to Khamenei and served in Iran 's parliament for two decades . He was also Iran 's lead nuclear negotiator from 2003 to 2005 and holds seats on several powerful decision-making bodies . Remembering the 2009 chaos Four years ago , when allegations of election fraud sparked widespread protests , Iran 's police and the Basij , a feared paramilitary group , cracked down on the opposition Green Movement . Protesters were jailed , and human rights groups alleged many were tortured and killed behind bars while the government quashed the uprising . Reform politicians representing the movement , including Ahmadinejad 's election rival , former Prime Minister Mir Hossein Moussavi , have been under house arrest since 2011 . Despite the unrest , Ahmadinejad 's re-election was formally certified by the clerical establishment . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr reported from Tehran and Michael Martinez reported and wrote from Los Angeles . CNN 's Holly Yan , Michael Schwartz , Laura Smith-Spark , Reza Sayah , Azadeh Ansari and Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report .	Hassan Rouhani succeeds Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as president He promises greater personal freedoms without threatening Iran 's supreme leader Israeli prime minister : The world should n't let up on sanctions for Iran 's nuclear program "  It 's not democracy as we know it , " Britain 's prime minister says of the Iranian election
CNN  The family of boxing legend Muhammad Ali hopes he will be home from the hospital in time for his 73rd birthday on Saturday . Ali , who has Parkinson 's disease , has been in an undisclosed hospital this week getting follow-up care for a urinary tract infection , a spokesman for the family said Thursday . Bob Gunnell said Ali is in stable condition and doctors indicated he would be released Friday . Ali was initially released from the hospital on January 7 after an 18-day stay . Born Cassius Clay , the fighter won an Olympic gold medal as a light-heavyweight at 18 . In 1964 , he became world heavyweight champion in an upset victory against Sonny Liston . Shortly thereafter , he changed his name to Muhammad Ali to reflect his conversion to Islam . The boxer was also known for his protest against the Vietnam War and refusal to be drafted into service because of his religious conviction . He won his first 31 fights before losing to Joe Frazier in a 1971 fight hailed by some boxing experts as one of the greatest matches of all time . He retired from boxing in 1981 as a four-time heavyweight champion and announced his diagnosis with Parkinson 's disease three years later .	Muhammad Ali is getting follow-up care for a urinary tract infection , a spokesman says He is expected to be released on Friday , a day before his 73rd birthday The boxing legend was hospitalized for 18 days until he was originally released last week
CNN  His name is n't as recognizable as Michael Brown 's . But like Brown , Ezell Ford was an unarmed black man shot and killed by police in August . Now , newly released details of Ford 's death could raise a host of new questions . Among the findings : The 25-year-old was shot three times , including once in the back . And that wound was surrounded by a muzzle imprint , Ford 's autopsy report shows . But "  there is nothing in the coroner 's report that is inconsistent with the statements given to us by the officers , " Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said . Ford was shot by Los Angeles police on August 11 -- two days after Brown was killed . The Los Angeles County coroner 's office released the autopsy Monday after the Los Angeles police removed its security hold on it . The LAPD had put an administrative hold on Ford 's autopsy because the department said it wanted witnesses to come forward before the autopsy 's release . What happened ? The circumstances leading up to Ford 's death are n't exactly clear . According to one of the officers involved , he and Ford got into a "  violent struggle , " Beck said . Ford ended up on top of the officer , with Ford in control of the officer 's pistol , the police chief said . "  The officer drew his backup gun and reached over Mr. Ford 's back and shot Mr. Ford in very close proximity -- possibly , probably the cause of the muzzle imprint that 's mentioned in the coroner 's report , " Beck said . Ford 's family has said he was mentally ill and unarmed . The police chief said the investigation is far from over . "  We continue to seek the public 's assistance . Any information regarding this incident will help us complete this picture , " Beck said . He said police have not been able to reach any civilian witnesses who actually saw the shooting . "  We still are searching for witnesses . We still are looking for other versions of events . " He said the district attorney will make the final determination about whether the shooting met legal standards . Before the autopsy 's release , a Los Angeles community leader wondered how the shooting could be justified . "  How do you explain when you have this level of deadly force against those that are not even accused of committing a crime and are not even armed ? " asked Earl Ofari Hutchinson of the Los Angeles Urban Policy Roundtable . The two officers involved have been assigned to non-field duties as the investigation continues . CNN 's Cheri Mossberg and Stephanie Elam contributed to this report .	Ezell Ford was shot in the back , with a muzzle imprint in his skin An officer said during a struggle , Ford got on top of him and grabbed his gun The officer said he used his backup gun to reach around Ford and shoot him in the back Chief : "  We still are searching for witnesses . We still are looking for other versions of events . "
CNN  Egypt 's Constitution states that "  freedom of belief is absolute , " yet it says nothing about those who do n't believe . Watchdog groups are asking the predominantly Sunni Muslim nation to reconsider its stance toward atheists after authorities arrested a student and sentenced him to three years in prison for Facebook posts that insulted Islam . Karim Ashraf Mohamed al-Banna was arrested with a group of people at a cafe in November , according to the Association for Freedom of Thought and Expression . An Egyptian minor offenses court sentenced him on blasphemy charges Saturday in what Human Rights Watch called "  part of a wider government push to combat atheism and other forms of dissent . " "  Atheists are one of Egypt 's least-protected minorities , although the constitution ostensibly guarantees freedom of belief and expression , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , HRW 's Middle East and North Africa director . "  Egyptian authorities need to be guided by the constitution and stop persecuting people for atheism . " While Article 64 of Egypt 's Constitution says freedom of belief is absolute , it also says freedom to practice religious rituals or establish houses of worship is exclusive to Judaism , Christianity , Islam , the Baha'i faith and other Abrahamic religions . According to French Press Agency reports cited by HRW , a researcher with the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights said a local newspaper identified al-Banna as an atheist , and al-Banna 's lawyer reported that the student 's own father testified that he was fostering extremist ideas . Among al-Banna 's posts are a split image of a severely scarred woman and a Quran with the caption , "  It 's OK to burn a woman ... but it 's NOT OK to burn a book . Something is wrong with your priorities . " Another post carries the caption , "  A big reward to whoever represents Islam " and shows several caricatures of bearded men in similar dress pointing at each other , saying , "  This person does not represent Islam . " A judge will hear al-Banna 's appeal on March 9 , and his bail has been set at 1,000 Egyptian pounds  $ 140  , his lawyer told the French Press Agency . HRW says that blasphemy cases generally stem from "  personal or unrelated disputes , " and since the country 's 2011 uprising , authorities have increasingly investigated complaints . While most of the cases involve alleged insults to Islam , HRW says that at least two men have been imprisoned for insulting Christianity . Christians make up roughly 10 % of Egypt 's population . Authorities have also been targeting atheists of late , according to HRW . Police in December shut down a Cairo cafe popular with suspected atheists , and District Administrative Chief Gamal Mohie told a news outlet that the shop was unlicensed and "  popularly known as a place for Satan worship , rituals and dances , " HRW reported . Also last month , the Dar al-Ifta , which issues religious edicts in Egypt , released a survey claiming Egypt had 866 atheists , more than any other Middle Eastern country . Two aides to the grand mufti , who heads Dar al-Ifta and is the country 's top official on religious laws , told a newspaper that the increase in atheism "  should ring alarm bells . " This follows a March promise from a top Alexandria security official to arrest atheists and a June announcement by "  Egypt 's youth and religious endowments ministries " that they would confront atheism . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Karim al-Banna was sentenced to three years in prison for Facebook posts insulting Islam Human Rights Watch says al-Banna 's sentence is part of an Egyptian crackdown on atheism Egypt 's Constitution provides "  freedom of belief , " but freedom to practice is more limited
CNN  -- Formula One championship leader Fernando Alonso confirmed Tuesday that he will be fit for Ferrari 's home race at Monza , after recovering from injuries sustained in a spectacular crash at the Belgian Grand Prix . Alonso complained of pain in his left shoulder , after French driver Romain Grosjean 's Lotus flew over his Ferrari on the first corner of Sunday 's race , narrowly missing his head . "  Today I woke up with no pain and 200 % ready for Monza , " Alonso wrote on his Twitter blog . Grosjean has been banned for one race for his part in the accident , which ended Alonso 's chances along with McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton and Mexican Sergio Perez of Sauber , after they were also caught up in the carnage . Hamilton 's teammate Jenson Button went on to win the race from pole position after avoiding the incident . Alonso 's championship lead was reduced to 24 points as two-time defending champion Sebastian Vettel capitalized on the chaos to finish second and move ahead of Red Bull teammate Mark Webber in the overall standings , heading into the Italian Grand Prix . The Spaniard said after the horror crash that he felt lucky to be able to race on in the championship . "  Given the misfortune of having had an accident like this , I am lucky to be able to get back in the car in just a few days , " Alonso said . "  The level of safety of these cars is very high and -LSB- in Belgium -RSB- we saw further proof of that . "  I am not angry with Grosjean , he definitely did n't do it on purpose . It was a case of me being in the wrong place at the wrong time . "  We paid a high price through bad luck and luck owes us now . Let 's see what happens in the rest of the season . " Ferrari team boss Stefano Domenicali has emphasized the importance of next Sunday 's race for his drivers , following the accident at Spa-Francorchamps . "  We must quickly put this day behind us and look to the next grand prix , in Monza , a track that is particularly dear to us , " Domenicali said . Grosjean , meanwhile , has been replaced by Lotus reserve driver Jerome D'Ambrosio , while he serves his suspension . Belgian D'Ambrosio , 26 , tested for Lotus in preseason and drove for Virgin Racing last year , finishing last in the drivers ' championship .	Fernando Alonso says he will be fit to race at this weekend 's Italian Grand Prix Spaniard recovers from shoulder injury sustained in crash at Spa Lotus driver Romain Grosjean will be replaced by Jerome D'Ambrosio Grosjean was banned for one race for part in accident in Belgium
Hong Kong  CNN  Xyza Cruz Bacani has lived in Hong Kong for nine years and still does n't feel like she belongs . But that changes every time she reaches for her camera . Bacani , 27 , is a migrant domestic worker or "  helper " who moonlights as a photographer . She spends six days a week cooking , cleaning and babysitting for an affluent Chinese family . On her day off , Bacani wanders around the city capturing black and white scenes . "  When I 'm wearing my camera I 'm not a helper anymore , I 'm an ordinary girl . " Bacani says . "  It 's a way of protection because when you 're a helper here , there is a kind of stereotyping that they do , " referring to Hong Kongers . Lately , Bacani has been documenting a group of women at Bethune House Migrant Women 's Refuge , a shelter for abused migrant workers . "  When I see the girls , I talk to them , I absorb all their emotions and I ca n't really believe that some people can do that to other human beings , " Bacani says . "  We 're the same . We 're migrant workers . But I have a boss that treats me with respect and like a human being but these people -- they were treated badly . " Bacani dropped out of college in the Philippines to work as a maid when she was only 19 so her younger brother and sister could stay at school . She began shooting street scenes four years ago , after asking her boss for a loan to buy a Nikon DSLR camera . Bacani 's outsider status helps her to capture the city differently . She often peers at her subjects through a glass window or mirror and plays with lighting to create dramatic , melancholic contrasts . She posts new images on Facebook or her blog almost daily . That 's how she caught the attention of Filipino documentary photographer Rick Rocamora who introduced her to a community of mentors . Soon after , doors began to open -- first , a profile in The New York Times ' Lens blog , then a Fuji Film sponsorship and an exhibition at the Philippines Consulate General in Hong Kong . In December , Bacani walked into the Foreign Correspondents ' Club in Hong Kong where her prints were hanging in 20 x 29 inch frames against a yellow , brick wall . It 's easy to see why Bacani gets mistaken for a tourist or just another 20-something visitor on the streets of Hong Kong . She sports a blue hoodie , braces and side-swept bangs . It 's Bacani 's second solo exhibit in a year but the first time she had seen her images enlarged . As she approached the back wall , Bacani could n't quite hide the thrill of seeing her photos displayed . She pulled out her smartphone and snapped a picture of the gallery to send to her mom and dad.READ MORE : Taking a different look at photography	Filipino domestic worker captures Hong Kong 's street scenes with black and white photographs Xyza Cruz Bacani 's work was recognized by a well-known documentary photographer Bacani recently hosted her second solo photography exhibition
Rocky 's been a fictional hero for decades , but in Edmonton , Alberta , today there 's a hero named Rocky who is definitely real -- only he 's 8 years old and has four legs . This Rocky , a Labrador retriever-husky mix , is being hailed for pulling a 9-year-old girl from an icy river on Easter Sunday . His owner , Adam Shaw , 27 , is getting similar praise . "  If that man and dog were n't there -- I just try not to think of it , " Miranda Wagner , the mother of Samara , 9 , and her 10-year-old sister , Krymzen , said in an interview with CNN affiliate CTV . "  I just want to give him a big hug and tell him he 's my hero . If he was n't there I would n't have my girls , " Wagner said . "  Doctors said two more minutes and Samara would have been gone . " Rocky and Shaw 's heroics played out on the icy North Saskatchewan River in Edmonton on Sunday afternoon . The girls were tobogganing in a riverside park when they ended up on ice extending from the riverbank , their father , Corey Sunshine , told CNN affiliate CBC . "  From what I was told was , one of the toboggans came off the snowbank and onto the ice and they were trying to come back and the ice broke , " he said . Shaw said he was walking on a bridge over the river when he heard screams . Looking down on the river he saw one girl in the icy water and her sister trying to pull her out . By the time he and Rocky sprinted down to the river , both girls were in the water . He was able to pull Krymzen up onto the ice , but the current was carrying Samara downstream , about 4 or 5 feet from the edge of the ice , her head going in and out of the water , Shaw told a press conference Monday . He asked the girl if she could swim to him . "  She said she could n't move her arms , could n't move her legs , " Shaw said . He tried throwing Rocky 's leash to her but it did n't reach . Then , as he tried to get closer , the ice gave way beneath him and his dog . "  He managed to get his front paws on the ice and I pushed his back end up so he was on the ice , then I used the leash and him to kind of pull myself up onto the ice , " Shaw said . By this time , Samara had drifted 50 or 60 yards farther down the river , still bobbing in and out of the ice-cold water . Shaw and Rocky ran to her again , but she was still out of reach . "  I put the leash around Rocky and pushed him to get in the water and I told her if she could get ahold of his leash , we could get her back to the ice , " Shaw said . "  He jumped in right beside her , " he said , and the girl managed to get both hands on Rocky 's leash . "  I called him back and he swam toward the ice , " Shaw said , getting close enough that he could grab both the girl 's arm and his dog and drag them away from the water 's edge . Fire rescue crews arrived shortly thereafter and took the sisters for treatment . On Monday , they were home with their grateful mother , and Shaw and Rocky were being honored at the fire station -- Shaw with a fireman 's hat and Rocky with a giant rawhide bone he grabbed from Fire Chief Ken Block before Block could take off its plastic wrapper . "  These two young ladies are very , very fortunate that such a family happened along and were able to intervene , " Block said . Shaw could n't dispute that . "  I guess it 's just a bit of a miracle that everything worked out perfectly , " he told CTV .	Girls , 9 and 10 , fell into Edmonton river while tobogganing Adam Shaw came to aid with his dog Rocky the dog jumps into river for girl Girl holds onto dog 's leash as he swims to shore
CNN  -- It is a timely boost for Barcelona heading into their Spanish title showdown with Atletico Madrid . Lionel Messi , one of the world 's best soccer players , is on the verge of a penning a new deal at the club . The Argentina striker has had a lean season by his own impossibly high standards , but has still scored 28 La Liga goals in his 30 games . Barcelona head into Saturday 's epic title decider against Atletico knowing a win will secure their second successive La Liga crown . And news that the club 's record goalscorer is set to extend his stay at the Camp Nou is a huge fillip for the Catalans after weeks of negotiations . A statement on the club 's official website read : "  FC Barcelona has reached an agreement to adjust the terms in the contract binding Leo Messi to the club as a professional first team player . "  The revised and updated contract will be signed over the next few days . " Messi joined the Catalans in 2000 at the age of 13 and has gone on to win 21 trophies with Barca , including six La Liga titles and three European Champions League crowns . The 26-year was also voted World Player of the Year in four successive seasons , between 2009 and 2012 , and will be one of the biggest names at the World Cup in Brazil . News of his new contract comes just 24 hours before the biggest match of the season in Spain , as the two title contenders go head-to-head . Atletico , who will also contest the Champions League final next weekend against city rivals Real Madrid , top the table and lead Barcelona by three points . A Barca victory will hand Gerardo Martino 's men the title courtesy of a better head-to-head record against their opponents . Atletico need only to avoid defeat . Just a few weeks ago , after a disappointing home draw with Getafe , Martino said Barca 's title race was run , but an unexpected dip in form by Atletico has presented them with a second chance . And midfielder Xavi , who is chasing an eighth title in Barca colors , insists they must seize this opportunity . "  We really believed we had no chance , but maybe we gave up too soon , " he told the club 's website . "  We thought we 'd lost the league and these things happen in football , and now it 's in our hands . It 's a very important title , and we have to be together . It 's an historic opportunity . It will be a great final match . "  Atletico  are the best in defense , they pressurize you , support each other , and have different options up front . We are still hungry and people should be encouraged . La Liga should be seen as it is , competing until the end . "  Up against us are a great team . We are still hungry and people should be encouraged . This is a great generation , and this is an historic opportunity for us . "  It 's a unique game and I do n't know if it will happen again . It would be the icing on the cake for this generation , playing such an important match . "	Argentine striker Lionel Messi agrees a new contract at FC Barcelona Spanish club announce "  an agreement to adjust the terms in the contract " New deal will be signed in the next few days say the Spanish champions Barca face title decider against Atletico Madrid on Saturday
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Gunmen targeted the car of the Italian consul general in Benghazi , Libya , on Saturday as he was leaving the consulate , the latest in a series of attacks targeting foreign missions and security officials in the eastern city . Consul General Guido de Sanctis was in an armored car pulling out of the garage when the gunmen pulled up alongside the vehicle and opened fire , the diplomat told CNN . No one was injured . Libyan police arrived immediately to secure the scene , said de Sanctis , who was unsure of who was behind the attack . "  It is difficult to make conclusions ... but if you look at the past months , some people are trying to send all the foreigners away , " he said . "  The British , the Red Cross and unfortunately the Americans -- now us ? I was not sure we were on the list . I did not expect it at all . " The attack comes amid an ongoing investigation into the September 11 assault on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi that killed four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . De Sanctis said security was reinforced at his consulate following the attack on the U.S. mission , but the building is not heavily fortified and is relatively open to the public , fielding as many as 40 visa requests from Libyans daily . Italy 's Foreign Minister Giulio Terzi called the attack "  a vile act of terrorism , " and said Sunday it was "  an attempt to destabilize the institutions of the new Libya . " Benghazi has been shaken by such attacks in recent months . A pro-al Qaeda group claimed responsibility for an attack on the International Red Cross Office in the city in May . The next month , the same group claimed responsibility for detonating an explosive device outside the U.S. Consulate . Bomb attacks also occurred last year on a U.N. convoy as well as a convoy carrying the British ambassador . In November , unknown gunmen assassinated the city 's temporary security director . Tunisia frees man held in Benghazi attack	No one is injured , Consul General Guido de Sanctis says The attack is the latest to rock the city in recent months A September 11 assault on the U.S. consulate left four Americans dead
CNN  -- On Thursday , President Obama and former presidents Jimmy Carter , George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton are due to attend the grand opening of President George W. Bush 's presidential library and archive in Dallas , Texas . The opening of the library offers an opportunity to think again about the legacy of the Bush presidency . As Obama and the former presidents look around the museum , they will see many exhibits that symbolize how the jury is still out on most of the major issues . Events in the coming years will play a huge role in how history is likely to remember Bush 's White House . There are four big questions about his presidency . Bush 43 : ` History will ultimately judge ' 1 . How effective and how just were Bush 's counterterrorism policies ? Bush came into office much more concerned about domestic issues like education and taxation , but after the 9/11 terror attacks , he invested a great deal of his power in the counterterrorism program . He and his supporters have felt that the absence of major attacks until last week and that the re-establishment of calm in the United States was a defining achievement . It is not surprising that one of the artifacts that Obama will see during his visit is the bullhorn Bush used in his famous address to first responders who were working at Ground Zero . But our continued vulnerability became clear when two bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon last week , killing three people and injuring many others . The attacks immediately raise the question as to what kinds of risks were not addressed and what holes exist in our security program . There are already questions facing the Obama administration about the handling of a tip about Tamerlan Tsarnaev received by the FBI from the Russian government in 2011 . There are also questions about how Boston responded , as authorities virtually shut down the entire city during the hunt for the suspects and , some argue , unnecessarily gave potential copy cats the impression that they could cause even greater turmoil through similar acts . In addition , the hunger strike in which Guantanamo prisoners have been protesting their treatment and the infringement of basic civil liberties raises the question about the costs of Bush 's programs . The violation of civil liberties through the use of torture proved to be a huge blow to America 's international standing . Many critics argue that these practices , many of which Obama has allowed to stay in place , actually has fueled support for terrorist networks overseas . Brazile : Bush came through on Katrina 2 . What is the long-term impact of Bush 's fiscal policies ? When Bush started his term , the country enjoyed a sizable budgetary surplus for the first time in decades . Once in office , however , Bush chose a series of policies that turned the surplus into a deficit . The president argued that tax cuts offered the best path to stimulating economic growth , adhering to the supply side economics of the Reagan era . Bush and his advisers argued that reducing the tax burdens of Americans , especially wealthier Americans who had money to invest , would grow the economy for all . The tax cuts , combined with spending for defense after 9/11 and new domestic programs such as the Medicare prescription drug benefit , generated massive federal deficits . The problem for Bush is that the economic record since 2001 has been checkered , with the huge financial collapse in 2008 , a recession and an extremely sluggish recovery . Economic inequality has worsened . Thus far , the record remains poor . 3 . Did federal education standards improve the nation 's schools ? The No Child Left Behind Act  2001  was a major achievement and fulfilled a central objective of the Bush presidency , to impose stringent standards to improve the quality of education . The law extended the reach of the federal government by setting up a strong set of standardized measures to judge school performance . But the law has been hugely controversial . Many teachers complain that the standards have had a detrimental effect on education , forcing them and students to focus their energy on tests to meet the standards rather than the kind of substance important to the development of a child . As Bush 's Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings said , "  What gets tested gets taught . " Right now the debate continues , and there are many advocates on different parts of the political spectrum who argue that the law needs substantial reform . Whether there is a demonstrable improvement in education outcomes as a result of the standards will be a very important factor in determining his legacy . 4 . What was the result of engaging in pre-emptive wars ? Bush made a strong argument that pre-emptive war was essential to preventing terrorism . The results of this strategic outlook were wars in Afghanistan and Iraq . Though the operations were initially successful and knocked out the leadership of both countries , the post-war reconstruction had tremendous human and economic costs . While each situation was eventually stabilized , new democratic processes established , and U.S. troops drawn down , the wars remain hugely controversial with the American public . One of the most ambitious promises from administration officials was that these kinds of wars would not only diminish the chances for terrorism to find state sponsors but also would also change the dynamics of the region and create pressure for dismantling the autocracies that have dominated the Middle East . But the region remains in turmoil and in transition . While some of Bush 's supporters initially hailed the fall of the governments in countries like Egypt as proof that his strategy worked , the election of an Islamist government created new fears . The ongoing battle in Syria between the government and rebels is a reminder that the region remains a tinderbox . The way in which these stories unfold will play a big role in shaping how we evaluate Bush . These are just some of the open questions that historians , journalists and the public will be looking to answer . The Bush library offers one approach , mostly reflecting the views of his supporters , but Americans will debate the impact of those controversial eight years for a long time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer says opening of Bush library rekindles debate over 43rd president He says many of Bush 's counterterrorism policies remain and are still being questioned Bush will also be judged on his economic policies and deficit spending , he says Zelizer : How will history view the long-term impact of Bush 's pre-emptive wars
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- This could amount to some pretty pricey sushi . A giant bluefin tuna caught off the coast of northern Japan went for a record 32.49 million yen  about $ 396,000  at an auction Wednesday , the Tokyo Metropolitan Central Wholesale Market said . The price was the highest for a tuna since the market began keeping track in 1999 . It all breaks down to about 95,000 yen per kilogram , or about $ 527 a pound , for the 342-kilogram  754-pound  fish . The bluefin , caught off Hokkaido in northern Japan , was "  an excellent quality " said Yosuke Imada , the owner of the high-end Kyubei sushi restaurant in Tokyo . The catch will be split by Imada and Hong Kong 's Itamae Sushi chain . "  It became a bit too expensive , " Imada said answering questions after the record bidding . "  But the people would talk about it a while . " The New Year auction , the first of 2011 , typically brings some of the highest prices of the year and is considered to be very symbolic . The record price reflects the increasing demand for high-quality fresh tuna , especially throughout Asia , with competition between Japanese and Chinese buyers intensifying in recent years . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	The record-setting fish will be split by a Tokyo restaurant and a Hong Kong chain The first auction of the New Year typically brings the highest prices Sushi is increasingly popular across Asia , not just Japan
Washington is all about the fiscal cliff these days . In Doha , Qatar , world leaders are negotiating over climate change . Federal debt and carbon emissions are indeed two big problems on the nation 's front burner . But they are just the beginning . As the fog of the election season lifts , America has a lot to worry about -- everything from competing economically with China to housing rapidly retiring baby boomers . But there is another way to look at it . Decisively addressing the nation 's primary global challenges -- backed by the market potential of powerful demographic shifts at home and abroad -- could yield opportunity unlike any other in America 's history . First , our four major challenges : • In the last 20 years , households , businesses and the federal government accumulated exceptional levels of debt , which they are now trying , painfully , to pay down . The 2008 financial crisis triggered a spiral of unemployment and reduced demand that is nowhere near complete . As household income contracts , families consume less and try to erase debt , reducing demand for goods and services , forcing companies to reduce expenses , meaning more layoffs , deepening unemployment , and so on . Monetary policy and fiscal stimulus may have contained the worst of the pain , but they can not cure the disease . Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke is right when he says the economy needs a broad-based and durable source of demand . • Over the last 20 years , roughly 1 billion people entered the global middle class . In the next 20 years , there will be 3 billion more . Good news ? Yes , except that these new consumers use huge amounts of resources and emit more carbon , a roughly 300 % increase . Expect price increases for basic commodities like energy , food , and minerals , and deepening conflicts among the great powers over resources in familiar places : the Persian Gulf , the South China Sea , and Central Asia . • Climate change is already with us . Superstorm Sandy , the Derecho , Arctic melting , and droughts in the Midwest , India , China , and Russia this past year confirm the scientifically proven trend . Beyond this , humanity consumes about 150 % of the "  goods " provided by the earth 's natural systems -- including fresh water , soils , and fisheries . We are consuming our limited endowment of natural capital , reducing future returns while our global population expands to 9 billion . This is massively destabilizing , whether you 're in New York City or Pakistan . • Our infrastructure , systems , and supply chains are not designed for the scale or the risks of the 21st century . Transportation , financial , food , and industrial systems have choke points , are inefficient , and lack oversight and sufficient investment . They are magnifying threat and risk when they should be compartmentalizing them . Quiet disruptions in such things as rare-earth minerals  critical to high-tech manufacturing  , auto parts , and computer hard drives have all hit industry in the last two years , for example . Opinion : We 're living the dream , we just do n't realize it America 's economy must do some heavy lifting . Just as the country transitioned from war production to civilian production 60 years ago , it must now transition to sustainable production , while building a new American dream . If it can , the United States will be ideally positioned to rebuild our middle class , compete globally and pre-empt growing confrontation over resources . We must adapt and once again define the future . First , America has a homegrown demographic opportunity unlike any other . Driven by baby boomers and millennials , 56 % percent of homebuyers say that they want the trappings of their American dream to be walkable and convenient , not car-dependent and isolated , and home prices already reflect this . From 2014 to 2029 , these two largest American demographics , each 25 % of the total population , will meet in the housing market as boomers empty their nests and as more millennials marry and have children -- creating the largest concentration of demand for housing since the period after World War II . To seize this opportunity , however , Washington needs to let cities and towns decide how to grow , and discourage the car-based population dispersal known as sprawl . Not only will this put Americans back to work in construction , it could reduce the environmental footprint by roughly a third . Second , global demand for food and resources is skyrocketing . By 2050 global food production must increase by 60 % , while soil and fresh water must be regenerated , not depleted . American farmers are held back by expensive , distorting , and antiquated Cold War era subsidies that essentially pay farmers to overwork the land and waste scarce water resources . We 've already lost up to 50 % of Iowa 's topsoil , drained the Ogallala Aquifer , and created a fertilizer-based "  death bloom " at the mouth of the Mississippi . While conventional agribusiness is enjoying high global prices , climate-related drought and floods have reduced the harvest to the lowest since the early 1970s . Shifting the worst of these subsidies from big commodity crops  like corn , wheat , and soybeans  to pay farmers to convert their operations to modern regenerative systems will help our farming families earn a more secure living and be better stewards of the land . Finally , the world needs innovation . To accommodate 3 billion new middle-class aspirants in 20 years , we will need to make our resources more productive while reducing the amount of carbon emitted . By focusing on advanced materials , energy and manufacturing , we can rebuild our middle class , supplying the jobs , wages , and returns Americans deserve . To lead this revolution in resource productivity , we must stop taxing work and start taxing waste . Washington universalized the income tax to pay for World War II , when we had full employment and needed to subsidize resource extraction to get materiel to the Allies . Now we get 80 % of federal revenues from taxing individuals , are suffering from long-term unemployment , and consume far more resources than Europe for an inferior standard of living . We 're conserving labor and expending resources when we need to do the opposite . We have the demand . Do we have the capital ? Plenty . There are trillions of dollars in pent-up investment capital looking for reasonable , reliable returns , as the chairman of Goldman Sachs recently wrote . Instead of Washington footing the bill , the federal government must reorient the Cold War subsidies for housing , agriculture , and resource waste and create a new generation of regional financing mechanisms . These new regional tools must connect Wall Street 's capital to the infrastructure and innovation opportunities that will arise as regions plan for and build the future . If it 's done right , we 'll channel excess liquidity back into the productive economy and stop it from sloshing around as underperforming corporate cash , money market funds , and high-risk derivatives . Yes , Washington must address the issue of the fiscal cliff and make progress on climate change . But isolated solutions will only waste precious time . Tapping into the new demand pools of the 21st century , unleashing pent-up capital , and shifting American markets to lead a revolution in resource productivity will position the United States to lead the world once again . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter .	Patrick Doherty : Fiscal cliff , Doha climate talks a reminder of challenges that U.S. faces He says there 's big opportunity too , if U.S. harnesses strengths to demographic shifts Smart responses to ongoing economic recovery , climate and infrastructure stresses crucial Doherty : If U.S. views these challenges coherently , it can once again lead in 21st century
CNN  -- A fugitive task force in San Diego Tuesday captured a New Jersey man who is suspected in the death of his 2-year-old daughter , authorities said . The FBI had issued a nationwide manhunt for Arthur Eugene Morgan III , who was charged with homicide in Monmouth County , New Jersey . A tip from authorities in New Jersey led investigators to Morgan , the U.S. Marshals said in a statement . "  U.S. Marshals in San Diego received information from New Jersey authorities that Morgan may be staying with friends in East San Diego , " the statement said . Authorities will request Morgan 's transfer to New Jersey to face the homicide charge , Monmouth County Prosecutor Peter E. Warshaw Jr. said in a statement . On November 22 , a group of boys discovered the body of Morgan 's daughter partly submerged in a stream in Shark River Park in Monmouth County , officials said . She was strapped into her car seat , CNN affiliate WABC reported . The stream runs beneath an overpass , suggesting that the child , Tierra Morgan-Glover , and the car seat were thrown from the overpass , said Assistant Monmouth County Prosecutor Christopher Gramiccioni . Morgan was supposed to return the child to her mother the night of November 21 following a custody visit , Gramiccioni said . When he did n't return the girl , prosecutors in Ocean County charged him the next morning with endangering the welfare of a child and interfering with child custody . The girl was found dead about 20 hours later , WABC reported . "  Although the victim was a small person , our team of investigators is treating this case as if she were one of our own daughters , " FBI Public Affairs Officer Bryan Travers told CNN . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick and Kendall Green contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecutor : Authorities will request the suspect 's transfer to New Jersey Arthur Eugene Morgan III was arrested on Tuesday in San Diego His daughter 's body was found in a New Jersey stream on November 22 Prosecutor : It appears the child and car seat were thrown from an overpass
Hong Kong  CNN  -- For countries in Northeast Asia , this summer is becoming too hot to bear . A Japanese city has experienced the highest temperature ever recorded in the country . The South Korean government is clamping down on the use of air-conditioning in an attempt to stave off power shortages . And Shanghai has been sweltering under a record-setting run of baking hot days . The searing temperatures have brought a spike in heat-related deaths , as well as harming crops and livestock . A new record In Japan , of the 52 deaths from heatstroke nationwide between late May and early August , nearly one third of them occurred last week , the Fire and Disaster Management Agency said . On Monday , the temperature reached 41 degrees Celsius  105.8 degrees Fahrenheit  in Shimanto in southern Japan , setting a new national record , according to the Japanese Meteorological Agency . The agency issued a heat alert covering 37 of Japan 's 47 prefectures on Tuesday , warning that the high temperatures are expected to continue for about a week in western , central and southern parts of the country . Looming energy crisis The hot weather has come at a bad time for South Korea , putting a severe strain on the country 's struggling power grid . The energy supply was already suffering from technical problems , including the shutdown of some nuclear reactors . Officials have warned of an imminent energy crisis . To try to prevent shortages , authorities on Monday ordered sweltering workers in government offices to turn off the air-conditioning and avoid using elevators . The order came two days after the city of Gimhae clocked a temperature of 39.2 degrees Celsius  102.6 degrees Fahrenheit  , the highest in South Korea in more than a decade . The Korea Meteorological Administration on Tuesday issued a fresh heat wave warning -- which means the maximum temperature is expected to be above 35 Celsius for more than two days -- for large areas of the country . Weeks of heat Parts of China , meanwhile , have been dealing with unusually high temperatures for weeks . iReport : Heatwave scorches Shanghai After sweating through its hottest July in at least 140 years , Shanghai last week experienced four consecutive days during which the thermometer went above 40 degrees Celsius  104 degrees Fahrenheit  , state media reported . That 's the first time the sprawling city of 23 million inhabitants has had a run of temperatures that high , according to the Shanghai Meteorological Bureau . China 's National Meteorological Center on Tuesday issued its second-highest heat alert for central and southern parts of the country -- the 20th day in a row that it 's issued an alert of that level , the state-run news agency Xinhua reported . But the agency also offered some hope of a reprieve for heat-weary citizens . It predicted that "  the intensity of the heat and the regions it affects will gradually dwindle over the next three days , " Xinhua reported . CNN 's Junko Ogura and journalist Saori Ibuki in Tokyo ; and journalist Soo Bin Park in Seoul , South Korea , contributed to this report .	The high temperature in a Japanese city sets a new national record South Korea orders government offices to turn off air-conditioning The heat is putting extra strain on the country 's struggling power grid Scorching temperatures continue to afflict Shanghai after a brutal July
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. House passed a bill Thursday that would amend the health care law to bar federal funding for health plans that provide abortion services . The vote was 251 in favor and 170 against . The bill , the Protect Life Act , was sponsored by Pennsylvania Republican Joe Pitts and gathered overwhelming Republican support . Only two Republicans voted against it , along with all but 15 Democrats . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi condemned the bill during earlier debate , arguing that if it passed , "  women can die on the floor and health care providers do not have to intervene . " Democrats opposed to the bill charged that the GOP majority was ignoring the nation 's top priority and instead spending time on a bitterly divisive issue . "  Instead of focusing on jobs , Republicans are continuing to wage their war on women , " California Democrat Barbara Lee said on the House floor . But GOP leaders emphasized the House spent the bulk of the week on proposals like the three free trade agreements that passed Wednesday aimed at boosting job creation . They explained Thursday 's vote was simply following through on a campaign promise that House Republicans made when they outlined their agenda in the run-up to the 2010 elections . "  We 've done four or five solid job-creation bills this week and this bill was part of our Pledge to America . We are keeping our word to the American people , and we are going to do it , " House Speaker John Boehner said . Supporters of the measure argued that the health care law contains a loophole that allows those receiving federal subsidies to use the money to enroll in health care plans that allow abortion services . Abortion rights advocates maintain the bill is unnecessary because existing laws already bar any taxpayer money from underwriting abortion procedures . During the health care debate , President Barack Obama signed an executive order stating no federal funds could be used in the new health care exchanges created in the law . Pro-abortion-rights groups like Planned Parenthood also maintain the bill adds a new restriction . Currently , hospitals that receive federal funds but do n't have facilities to treat women who may need emergency abortion services are directed to transfer those patients to a health care facility that can treat them . The Pitts bill removes that requirement . A day after the House passed the three trade agreements with Colombia , Panama , and South Korea with sizable bipartisan votes , debate in the House chamber on the abortion bill Thursday was heated and at times became personal . Rep. Jackie Speier , D-California , who revealed last year that she suffered a miscarriage and required a procedure to end her pregnancy , accused Republicans of being "  absolutely misogynist " for bringing up the bill . But Rep. Virginia Foxx , R-North Carolina , responded , "  The misogyny comes from those who promote the killing of unborn babies . " Foxx said the bill was not about taking away any existing rights , but restricting the use of federal money . She cited opinion polls showing that more than three-quarters of Americans oppose taxpayer funding of abortions . Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , disputed Democrats who repeatedly argued that Obama 's 2010 executive order made it clear women would have to use private funds to pay for any abortion services . "  It is flawed because executive orders can disappear as quickly as they are issued . But the Protect Life Act will create a solid framework that will safeguard taxpayer dollars , " Ros-Lehtinen said . The Senate is not expected to take up the bill and the White House issued a veto threat on the Protect Life Act on Wednesday .	Bill passes with overwhelming Republican support House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi condemns measure Amendment would bar funding for health plans providing abortion services Senate unlikely to take up measure ; Obama promises veto
Oxford , England  CNN  -- The first coffeehouse to open in England , a still-operating café on High Street in Oxford , is more than a place to get a beef and horseradish sandwich , according to author and blogger Steven Berlin Johnson . It represents a turning point in Western culture that helped usher in nearly 500 years of scientific and cultural progress . The reason : Until coffee and tea became popular , "  alcohol was the daytime drink of choice , " he told the TED Global conference in Oxford on Tuesday . Water was n't safe to drink , so wine , beer or gin was a better choice for breakfast , lunch and dinner . "  Until the rise of the coffeehouse , the entire population was effectively drunk all day , " Johnson said in a talk aimed at explaining how ideas get started . "  If you switched from a depressant to a stimulant in your life , you would have better ideas . " Moreover , the setting of a coffeehouse , which encourages the mixing of people from different backgrounds , is perfect for sharing and crafting innovative thoughts . "  An astonishing number of innovations have a coffeehouse somewhere in their story , " he said . Great ideas often do n't result from a single "  eureka " moment , but instead come from what Johnson called "  the slow hunch , " as they evolve and interact with other ideas . He traced the development of GPS technology , starting in the 1950s with efforts by Western scientists to track the Russian Sputnik spacecraft . And that same GPS technology now can help you find a nearby coffeehouse that will serve you a soy latte , Johnson joked . Mixing and sharing ideas was one of the themes of the opening speakers at TED Global , where the theme is "  And Now the Good News . " Matt Ridley , author of "  The Rational Optimist , " says the sharing of ideas -- or in his phrase , "  ideas having sex with each other " -- is a tremendously powerful force driving human progress . Watch Matt Ridley 's talk at TED.com Exchanging ideas allows tremendous specialization of labor , to the point where no single person can fully understand what it takes to create an object as complex as a computer mouse , which relies on the efforts of millions in industries as diverse as the oil industry that creates the plastics to the coffeehouse that supplies a drink to the product 's designer . "  We 've created something called the collective brain , " Ridley said . "  We 're just the nodes , the neurons in the brain ... " "  As we go forward , we will of course experience terrible things . There will be wars , there will be natural disasters ... but because of the connections people are making and the ability of ideas to meet and mate as never before , I 'm also sure that living standards will advance ... we are surely accelerating the rate of innovation . " A tripling of the productivity of agricultural land in past decades has saved some of the tropical rainforest and Ridley predicted that rainforests could start increasing in the second half of the century as the human population peaks and starts to decline . Other ideas were mixing and mating in Oxford at the first day of TED Global , which is a product of the nonprofit TED , dedicated to "  ideas worth spreading . " It holds conferences and makes videos of its speakers available at http://www.ted.com/ . -LSB- CNN partners with TED to present a TEDTalk every week , with added content , on CNN.com -RSB- Among the ideas were these : China 's rise not a cause for fear Joseph Nye of Harvard University , the influential thinker and former assistant defense secretary , cautioned against equating the rise of China and Asia with the decline of America and the West . He pointed to recurrent and groundless fears of U.S. decline over the past 50 years and noted that in the larger story of history , Asia is regaining influence that it had 200 years ago , before the Industrial Revolution . China 's gain does n't have to be the West 's loss : "  If China develops greater energy security and greater capacity to deal with carbon emissions , that 's good for us , " Nye said . Cause of the 21st century : Ending oppression of women Sheryl WuDunn , the author of "  Half the Sky " with her husband , Nicholas Kristof , said the 19th century 's central moral challenge was ending slavery , the 20th century 's was ending totalitarianism and this century must be about freeing and empowering women . "  More girls have been discriminated to death " in past decades , she said , than people killed on the battlefields of the 20th century . Educating girls and bringing them into the work force limits population growth , since educated women tend to have significantly fewer children . She told the story of an aid worker who saw horrible things happen in Darfur without breaking down . In the backyard of the woman 's grandmother , back in the U.S. , she saw a bird feeder and broke down in tears . "  We have the great fortune to be born in a country where we take security for granted , " she said , and we can feed and house ourselves and even put out food so wild birds wo n't starve in the winter . Americans and those in other Western countries "  have all won the lottery of life , " and have an obligation to help people throughout the world . Strength of a nation is n't how much it can produce Nic Marks , founder of the Center for Well-being at the New Economics Foundation in London , said all the daily measures people hear in the news relating to stock prices , exchange rates and gross domestic product emphasize greed without tapping into human happiness . "  Our national accounting system became fixated on what we can produce , " Marks said , quoting Robert Kennedy 's famous statement that "  the gross national product measures everything except that which makes life worthwhile . " "  How crazy is that ? " Marks said . Surveys show people want happiness , love and health more than they want wealth . "  These are natural human aspirations , why are statisticians not measuring that , instead of being fixated on how much stuff we have ? " The liberating power of cartoons Patrick Chappatte , an editorial cartoonist based in Switzerland , picked up on the theme of questionable consumerism by showing a cartoon of Steve Jobs making a pitch for the iPhone : "  It 'll simplify a lot of tasks you never had to do before . " A man sees a newspaper vendor 's poster : "  Print media is dying , " and says "  I already read that on the internet yesterday . " The punchline of another cartoon : "  The internet has changed music . Before we had to go to the store to steal it . And yet another , showing a confessional as someone behind a curtain says "  Father , I 've sinned , " and the priest , Googling the parishioner on a computer screen says , "  I know . " Cartoons are in the middle of a clash of civilizations , Chappatte said , as free expression collides with those who want to enforce religious orthodoxy around the world . For dictators around the world , he said , "  good news is when cartoonists , activists and journalists shut up . " And when their ideas stop having sex .	Speakers at TED Global conference in Oxford stress connections between ideas Matt Ridley : Ideas "  have sex , " multiplying their value and driving up living standards Steven Berlin Johnson : Great ideas are n't born overnight but evolve over time Human happiness is not about producing and acquiring more things , they say
A new report by the New Jersey legislative committee investigating Gov. Chris Christie 's involvement in the Bridgegate controversy shows an inconsistency between a top aide 's sworn testimony and phone records . National Democrats quickly seized on the development as proof that Christie and his aides have stonewalled the investigation , even as the 136-page report failed to find any conclusive evidence tying Christie to the scandal . And a top New Jersey Democrat vowed the investigation would continue . In July , Regina Egea , a senior Christie aide , told the legislative panel investigating Bridgegate that she texted Christie during a key committee hearing last year and did not recall getting a response from the governor . But phone records show that it was Christie who texted Egea before the two traded a dozen messages during the hearing , according to a copy of the report obtained by CNN . The text messages were deleted before the committee could review them , but the report shows Egea 's sworn testimony was not accurate . Related : Bridgegate panel co-chair : "  We are not done " The report is inconclusive on what Christie knew about last year 's lane closings that snarled traffic on the George Washington Bridge . Christie has denied knowing anything about the lane closures until they were over . On Dec. 9 last year , the state Assembly Transportation Committee heard testimony from three Port Authority officials and Egea monitored the hearing , Egea told the investigative committee in July . She said she texted the governor to tell him the Port Authority officials ' testimony was professional and that she did not recall getting a response from Christie . But according to the report , Egea 's phone records show that Christie texted her during the officials ' testimony and the texting continued throughout the hearing . "  This is taking place on Dec. 9 . This is taking place several days before the governor makes his press statement on Dec. 13 that he did n't know anything about this issue , " said John Wisniewski , the Democratic co-chair of the investigative committee . He added , "  You know  the texts are  relevant to the investigation . You know the committee is going to want to look at them . To delete them and claim it was in the ordinary course of business strains credibility . It 's just not believable . " A Christie spokesman declined to comment , pointing instead to what the governor said about the issue in August . "  I have no recollection of her even sending me a text , " he said . "  It obviously was something of no moment or no import because I have no recollection of it at all . " The governor 's office also released a statement from Randy Mastro , the attorney Christie hired to do an internal investigation . "  The Committee has finally acknowledged what we reported nine months ago -- namely , that there is not a shred of evidence Governor Christie knew anything about the GWB lane realignment beforehand or that any current member of his staff was involved in that decision , " he said . "  The Committee 's work has simply corroborated our comprehensive investigation . "	Report shows aide texted with Gov. Christie during key hearing in Bridgegate scandal The aide had said she could n't recall texting with the governor Democrats have seized on the inconsistency
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- They 're bringing down the American flags in Jordan and Israel and putting them back into storage after they got slammed in a sudden sandstorm during the last part of President Barack Obama 's visit . Perhaps it was nature 's way of keeping Obama from feeling he had gained the upper hand in this famously unpredictable region . Sandstorm or not , the president had reason to feel good about his trip . After deliberately lowering expectations about what he might achieve on the trip , Obama knocked it out of the park . He even managed to take the skeptics by surprise , helping broker the restoration of relations between Israel and Turkey . Bolstering friends , strengthening alliances and sending everyone in the Middle East a clear picture of America 's vision and priorities for the region -- this was the common thread in everything the president did in Israel , the West Bank and Jordan . He made a persuasive case that the U.S.-Israel alliance is , in his words , "  eternal , it is forever . " He spoke passionately and effectively in favor of Palestinian statehood and the need to restart the peace process . He made it clear the United States will not tolerate a nuclear Iran but prefers to prevent it through diplomacy . He reiterated his call for an end to the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria and showed his strong support for Jordan 's King Abdullah , a moderate king who says he is trying to democratize his country without the need for bloodshed . As Obama returns to Washington , not everyone is happy about what they heard . But if power is the ability to influence the behavior of others and the course of events , then he managed to make America a bit more powerful after a mere three days in this turbulent region . In a visit filled with poignancy , symbolism and , yes , substance , one of the most dramatic and unexpected moments came minutes before Air Force One departed Israel for Jordan . As the milky white sky gave signs of trying to clear , Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stepped inside a trailer on the tarmac and made a historic call to Turkey 's prime minister . When the call was over , Israel and Turkey had restored diplomatic relations . After an acrimonious three-year dispute over a botched and lethal 2010 Israeli raid on a Turkish-flagged flotilla trying to break the Gaza blockade , Netanyahu apologized . The reconciliation was not all Obama 's doing , but he gave the final push that allowed two pivotal Washington allies to work out their differences at a time when events in Syria and Iran demand the United States and its friends work closely together . Opinion : Obama goes over Netanyahu 's head to the Israeli people A major objective of the trip was to convince Israel and its enemies that the United States is committed to Israel 's survival . The goal is fundamental to regional stability , because as long as anyone has any doubts , those who advocate destroying Israel will continue pursuing the objective and gaining followers while making Israelis more hesitant to take risks for peace . From the moment he landed , Obama alluded to 3,000 years of Jewish history on the land . He told Israelis -- in Hebrew , lest they miss it -- "  Atem lo levad , " "  You are not alone . " He talked about Israeli tourists recently murdered in Bulgaria , about threats from Hamas , Hezbollah and Iran , about chemical weapons from Syria . And then he made an impassioned call for Israelis to take the perspective of Palestinians , for the sake not only of their own security but also of justice . Israelis cheered . It was a masterly performance . By spending time in the West Bank , Obama raised the profile of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas relative to that of his rival Hamas . And when he declared that those who seek Israel 's destruction "  might as well reject the earth beneath them and the sky above , " his words threw a punch against Hamas and Hezbollah , whose stated objective he was labeling a hopeless cause . When he arrived in Jordan , America 's most reliable Arab ally , he widened the lens to the growing crisis in Syria , which is spilling over , sending more than 400,000 refugees to a country practically devoid of natural resources . He pledged an additional $ 200 million to King Abdullah for the sustenance of the refugees still fleeing Syria by the thousands every day . Opinion : The empathy president Standing with the Jordanian king , with the knowledge that Israel and Turkey had healed their rift , Obama projected an air of confidence and achievement , even if events in Syria seem to spin out of control ; even as King Abdullah warned the West has become naive about the agenda of the Muslim Brotherhood , the biggest winner so far in the so-called Arab Spring . This was Obama 's first visit to an Arab country since 2009 . Back then , Egypt was America 's strongest Arab friend . Today , the Middle East is undergoing a violent and unpredictable transformation . During barely 72 hours in the region , Obama reasserted a measure of influence . He laid out America 's vision and gave a vote of confidence to America 's friends . It was a subdued but visible show of U.S. influence and power in a time and a place of unexpected sandstorms and ferocious revolutions , where no man , no nation , has full control over the course of history . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : In Middle East trip , Obama , gave support , firmed up alliances , showed U.S. vision She says a surprise was his helping broker key Netanyahu apology to Turkish prime minister She says he expressed commitment to Israel 's survival , a crucial message for region Ghitis : West Bank visit bolstered Abbas ; in Jordan , he raised Syria issue . Trip showed his sway
PARKER , Colorado  CNN  -- Matt Keil did n't wait for a call to serve his country . Six weeks after Tracy and Matt Keil married in 2007 , he was hit by a sniper fire while serving in Iraq . He enlisted in the Army after graduating from high school in 2000 , and when the Iraq war started , Keil volunteered to go . Because he was single , he wanted to take the place of a parent , wife or husband who would otherwise be sent . "  I wanted to go over and serve my country , " he recalled . After a year-long tour of duty in Iraq , Keil returned home to Colorado , where he met a young woman named Tracy who lived in the same apartment complex . He says he knew they were meant to be . "  I woke up one morning , and my roommate was gone . I called him up and asked him what he was doing . He said he was down by the pool hanging out , " Keil said . "  I asked him if there were any hot girls down there , and he said , ` Yeah , there are . ' " And the rest is history . Matt and Tracy began dating and fell in love , but he was soon told that his unit was being sent back to Iraq . Even though he knew redeployment was part of his job , this time things were different . He and Tracy were engaged to be married . Watch their story of love interrupted " At the time , the enemy in Iraq was growing stronger , and Keil 's unit was headed to Ramadi , the capital of Anbar province and a violent insurgent stronghold . Keil had been in Ramadi in 2004 and knew the mission would be dangerous . "  They were definitely built up a lot more on our second tour , " he said . "  Fallujah had just ended , and a lot of fighters from Fallujah had fled to nearby cities , and that 's what we were up against . " Though their wedding plans were put on hold , Matt and Tracy decided to marry as soon as he could get a leave of absence . "  He got one of the earliest leaves you could take and came home in January , " Tracy Keil remembered . "  The main reason we got married was , even though we planned on having a bigger wedding later , what if something happened ? " On February 24 , 2007 , six weeks after their wedding , something did happen . Keil , an infantry squad leader , was part of a major offensive to reclaim a portion of the city . His squad was ambushed , leaving 11 men severely wounded . After helping evacuate his wounded men , Keil and his men entered an abandoned house . He went to the roof to look out for any potential danger . "  I jumped up on the tallest part of the roof to lay a camel net on top of the stairwell to kind of hide us from sniper fire , " Keil said . "  That 's when I got shot right in the right side of the neck . Hit me like a ton of bricks . " It was n't until he was back at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington that the couple realized the severity of his injury . Tracy was abruptly informed of his condition while Keil was heavily sedated . "  A doctor came in , thought I knew and made a comment about being paralyzed from the neck down , " Tracy Keil recalled . "  He did n't know that nobody had sat down to tell me . ... I just collapsed . " When Keil awoke , a doctor informed him that the bullet had hit his spinal cord and explained that he had a "  Christopher Reeve-type injury . " After the initial shock , Matt and Tracy began to understand the full implications . For Keil , who was independent and admits to being stubborn , that was hard to swallow . "  Realizing that my wife was going to be helping me eat , cleaning me up , doing things like that , it was kind of devastating , " he admitted . But the newlyweds stayed optimistic and started focusing on the next steps . One of the most urgent issues was figuring out where they would live once Keil was out of the hospital . Tracy and her mother would bring Keil house-hunting . "  They would get me in a manual wheelchair and carry me up flights of stairs , " Keil explained . But they quickly became frustrated by what they found . Every house they saw would have to be dramatically modified to meet Keil 's needs . And that meant costs that he and Tracy could not afford . Then , in August 2007 , when Keil was just a month away from being released from the hospital , his wife received news that would change this lives . This time the news was good . A friend of the couple 's had submitted their story to Homes for Our Troops , an organization that builds specially adapted homes for disabled veterans . John Gonsalves , founder and president of Homes for Our Troops , and the organization had selected Matt and Tracy to receive a house built specifically to meet their needs . Best of all , it was free . "  It 's one of the most life-changing events that 's ever happened to us , especially after being injured , " Keil said . "  We 're going to be in this house that 's fully accessible , has everything that it needs to take care of me , wide-open floor plan easy for Tracy to take care of me , and it 's just an absolutely beautiful house . " After breaking ground in April , Homes for Our Troops utilized hundreds of volunteers , donations and community outreach to build the house so it would be ready for the dedication ceremony September 27 . Gonsalves , who started his career in construction , said he realized how many men and women would be returning home from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan with severe injuries and very specific needs . He wanted to volunteer with an organization that built homes designed for these disabled veterans . When he realized none existed , he started his own . He says he 's frustrated by the lack of urgency in helping America 's veterans . "  It just seems like this time around , we were n't really asked to do anything . It was kind of ` go about your lives , ' and I 'm thinking , how can everybody just put it in the back of their mind and go about their daily lives when our sons and daughters and mothers and fathers are in a faraway place putting their lives on the line ? " Gonsalves said . Homes for Our Troops spends an average of $ 250,000 on each home , and only 7 percent of the group 's money goes to administrative overhead . The rest goes directly to helping disabled veterans . It gives people in the community an opportunity to give back through volunteering . The Keils ' home is the 33rd project the organization has completed , and the group has 40 homes in the works . There are 3 million veterans receiving disability compensation , and more than 250,000 of those are 100 percent disabled , according to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs . With two wars still being waged and hundreds of thousands of America 's military men and women fighting , it 's likely the need for these homes will increase . The home has given Tracy and Matt hope for their future together , and they look forward to giving back . "  This gives us security for our life , " Tracy Keil said . "  This is where we can have our kids , and this is where we can raise our family . " "  We 're going to live in this house for the rest of our lives , and eventually when it 's our time to pass , we 're going to find a family to donate it to that really needs it , " Matt Keil said . "  Our kids will be made well aware of that ! "	Matt and Tracy Keil married after he was redeployed to Iraq A sniper bullet hit Matt 's spinal cord , paralyzing him from the neck down Homes for Our Troops builds homes for disabled veterans to meet their needs The Keils ' home is 33rd for the organization , which has 40 more in the works
Devo guitarist Bob Casale died Monday , his brother and band mate announced Tuesday . Casale was 61 . He was known by fans as "  Bob 2 " since he played alongside guitarist Bob Mothersbaugh , the brother of Devo co-founder Mark Mothersbaugh . "  As an original member of Devo , Bob Casale was there in the trenches with me from the beginning , " his brother Gerald Casale said in a Facebook posting . "  He was my level-headed brother , a solid performer and talented audio engineer , always giving more than he got . " The new-wave band began after Gerald Casale and Mark Mothersbaugh met as art students at Kent State University . The group wrote its first music in May 1970 -- the same month National Guard troops fired on antiwar protesters on the Kent State campus , killing four students . Devo actively toured in recent years , including a televised performance playing at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver , Canada . "  He was excited about the possibility of Mark Mothersbaugh allowing Devo to play shows again , " Gerald Casale wrote in his brother 's death announcement . "  His sudden death from conditions that led to heart failure came as a total shock to us all . " Mark Mothersbaugh issued a statement Tuesday saying he was "  shocked and saddened " by Casale 's death . "  He not only was integral in Devo 's sound , he worked over 20 years at Mutato , collaborating with me on 60 or 70 films and television shows , not to mention countless commercials and many video games , " said Mothersbaugh . "  Bob was instrumental in creating the sound of projects as varied as Rugrats and Wes Anderson 's films . He was a great friend . I will miss him greatly . " Mutato is the name of the band 's headquarters , a landmark on Hollywood 's Sunset Boulevard . The band 's name was derived from the word "  de-evolution " -- the idea that humans are regressing into a destructive herd mentality , Gerald Casale told CNN in an interview in February 2010 . "  When you think about 1980 , if somebody would have showed you in a crystal ball  for  2010 , you would have thought it was a bad joke , " Casale said . "  De-evolution happened and now everybody agrees . They do n't think we 're crazy . They know that it was true . " Devo drummer Alan Myers , who was with the group from 1976 to 1986 , died last year . People we 've lost in 2014	Bob Casale worked on many soundtracks for TV , film , commercials , video games Bob Casale , 61 , was known by Devo fans as "  Bob 2 " Gerald Casale says his brother "  was there in the trenches with me from the beginning " Devo drummer Alan Meyers , who was with the group from 1976 to 1986 , died last year .
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A blast hit near a building housing Pakistan 's intelligence service , ISI , in the eastern city of Multan on Tuesday , killing at least 12 people and wounding 20 others , police said . The explosion took place at a security checkpoint , said Jamshed Akram of the city police . Four soldiers and four children were among the dead , said Dr. Kaleem Ullah of Multan 's emergency services . Pakistan has blamed the violence on Islamic militants who have vowed to avenge a intense military offensive to rout them from their haven along the country 's border with Afghanistan . The nation has come under increasingly frequent attacks . On Monday , a blast at a crowded market in Lahore killed 54 and wounded more than 150 people . The same day two other bombing attacks -- in Peshawar and Quetta -- killed at least 11 and wounded at least 41 . The attacks came three days after militants armed with guns and grenades stormed a mosque in Rawalpindi frequented by military personnel . At least 36 were killed and 75 wounded . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the mosque bombing , but there were no immediately claims for Monday 's attacks . In an e-mail to CNN about the mosque attack , the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan said : "  We reconfirmed it , that the TTP has done it , and will do more which are already planned . We once again mention that we are not against the innocent people and the state of Pakistan but against those officers and ministers who are American by hearts and minds and Pakistani just by faces . " The United States has pressed Pakistan to rout out Taliban militants . Fighting the war in Afghanistan is "  inextricably linked to our partnership with Pakistan , " President Barack Obama said Tuesday of U.S. strategy . "  We are in Afghanistan to prevent a cancer from once again spreading through that country , " he said in a speech at West Point . "  But this same cancer has also taken root in the border region of Pakistan . That is why we need a strategy that works on both sides of the border . " The United States says Pakistan looms large because Taliban and al Qaeda militants operating in Afghanistan also have had a presence in Pakistan 's northwestern region near the Afghan border and have threatened the governments and troops in both countries .	NEW : Four soldiers , four children among the dead , a doctor says Attack comes a day after three deadly attacks in Lahore , Peshawar and Quetta Lahore attack targeted crowded market , killing 54 and wounding more than 150
CNN  -- Barcelona may not be the force it once was -- but it still had too much for Manchester City . City , which has now exited both the FA Cup and Champions League in the past week , was always going to find life difficult after losing the first leg of its Champions League last-16 tie . Trailing by two goals and with the knowledge that no club has ever managed to progress after suffering a 2-0 defeat at home in the first leg of the competition , City at least gave it a real go in a pulsating contest at the Camp Nou . In the end , despite plenty of courage and endeavor , goals from Lionel Messi and Dani Alves decided this tie as Barcelona gained a 2-1 win to progress 4-1 on aggregate . Vincent Kompany had briefly leveled the game with a minute of normal time remaining before Alves struck -- and City finished the game with 10-men after Pablo Zabaleta was sent off . "  We 've got nothing left in the tank , we gave everything , " Kompany told Sky Sports . "  We could have scored earlier which would have changed the game . "  You have to take your half chances against the best teams . Over the course of the two games there was not much between the sides . Lionel Messi is incredible player but outside of that it was even . "  Only the winners get remembered but it 's only our third season in the Champions League . "  The way we have played means we should fear nobody next season and our time will come . " Much had been made of Barcelona 's supposed fragility under Tata Martino and its recent defeats by Real Sociedad and Real Valladolid . Martino , who replaced Tito Vilanova at the start of the season , has come under increasing pressure with his team four points off league leader Real Madrid . But here , his team had too much for City , even if some doubts remain about its ability to challenge the likes of Bayern Munich and Real for the trophy . It was City which started the better of the two but the visitor soon began to ride its luck as Barcelona grew frustrated at the decisions of the officials . With manager Manuel Pellegrini sat in the stands after being handed a touchline ban following his disparaging remarks about Swedish referee Jonas Eriksson , who presided over the first leg , City was left in the hands of assistant Ruben Cousillas . Not that there was much Cousillas could do as Barcelona began to turn the screw . First , the home side felt it should have been awarded a penalty when Messi went down under the challenge of Joleon Lescott but referee Stephane Lannoy waved away the appeals . If that decision was marginal , what followed was hugely fortunate as the assistant referee deprived Barcelona of what would have been a perfectly legitimate goal . Messi found Xavi and when the midfield maestro slipped in Jordi Alba , the full-back crossed for Neymar to tap the ball into the empty net . Unfortunately for Barcelona , the offside flag had been raised , despite Alba clearly being in an onside position . Having survived the early scare , City slowly found their feet and should have taken the lead four minutes before the interval . Yaya Toure , formerly of Barcelona , picked out David Silva and when the Spaniard 's sublime flick found Samir Nasri , the City midfielder could only shoot straight at Victor Valdes . The second half provided more enthralling action with Messi coming within inches of breaking the deadlock after jinking his way into the penalty area before smashing an effort against the post . At the other end , Edin Dzeko , on as a halftime substitute for the injured Sergio Aguero , sent a looping header towards goal which was brilliantly clawed away by Valdes with the ball seemingly destined for the corner . Pablo Zabaleta then fired wide as City threatened to plunder the goal that their play had deserved . As City pushed forward in search of that elusive opener , Barcelona began to make the most of the space left behind . And it came as little surprise when Messi finally broke through , clipping the ball past Joe Hart to score his 67th Champions League goal . There was still more drama to come with a little over 12 minutes remaining when Dzeko appeared to be blatantly fouled inside the penalty area by Gerard Pique -- but referee Lannoy disagreed . Such was City 's anger that Zabaleta was shown a second yellow card and promptly dismissed for voicing his frustration . City did net an equalizer through Kompany with a minute of normal time remaining to salvage some pride . But Barcelona refused to be denied and Dan Alves netted a late winner , firing home from Andres Iniesta 's pass to secure victory . "  It was a very tight game against a world class team , " Barcelona 's Cesc Fabregas told Sky Sports . "  It was a great result to win 2-0 over there and today it was tough . "  We created a lot of chances , we had a goal which was onside ruled out and could have had a penalty . "  We go home happy . The last couple of games have not made us happy , we had some negative results but we have to be proud of today 's result . "  Everything is good at the club . We are in the final of the cup , we are four points behind in the league and in the last eight of the Champions League . A lot of teams would swap . " Messi , who scored his 28th goal of the season , believes this result proves Barcelona is on the way back to finding its best form . Barca , which sits third in La Liga , faces Osasuna this weekend before traveling to Madrid for ` El Clasico ' on March 23 . "  I think tonight we got back to being the Barcelona that we all want to see and we were able to beat a very tough opponent , " he told Canal Plus . "  I do n't know if the criticism  in the media after the La Liga defeat to Valladolid  was over the top . We are the first to criticize ourselves and we did n't play the way we should have done there . "  We do n't let the criticism affect us and we just focus on ourselves and try to turn things around and that 's what we did tonight , I think . " In the night 's other game , Paris Saint-Germain secured its place in the last eight with a 2-1 win over Bayer Leverkusen to secure a 6-1 aggregate victory . After Sidney Sam had given the German side a surprise lead , PSG hit back through Marquinhos , who headed home from close range . Simon Rolfes than missed a penalty for Leverkusen before Ezequiel Lavezzi sealed the win for the French champion . Leverkusen ended the contest with 10-men after Emre Can was shown a second yellow card for diving .	Barcelona books its place in the quarterfinals of Champions League Lionel Messi on target in 2-1 win over Manchester City Paris Saint-Germain qualifies for last-eight French champion defeated Bayer Leverkusen
CNN  -- The attack on a Danish political cartoonist "  runs totally against the teachings and values of Islam , " the umbrella organization representing Muslim countries has said . If the attack was a reaction to Kurt Westergaard 's drawing of the Muslim prophet Mohammed with a turban shaped as a bomb , "  then it should be rejected and condemned by all Muslims , " the Organization of the Islamic Conference said in a statement Sunday . An ax-wielding Somali man is accused of trying to break into Westergaard 's home Friday and was charged the next day with attempted assassination . Intelligence officials linked the suspect to an East African Islamist militia allied with al Qaeda . The suspect tried to kill Westergaard and an on-duty police officer , the Danish Intelligence and Security Service said . Danish police shot the 28-year-old suspect Friday night as he tried to enter Westergaard 's home in the city of Aarhus . The suspect was shot in the right leg and left hand . He was hospitalized after the incident . Video showed him appearing at court strapped to a stretcher . Authorities did not identify him because the judge decided it would be illegal to disclose his name , said Chief Superintendent Ole Madsen with the East Jutland Police . They said he has legal residency in Denmark and lives in Sjaelland , near Copenhagen . The judge ordered the suspect held for four weeks while the investigation proceeds . Madsen said the man is currently the only suspect in the case , and he would not say whether police were investigating anyone else . Al-Shabaab , the militant organization with alleged ties to the suspect , is waging a bloody battle against Somalia 's transitional government and is currently on a U.S. government list of terrorist organizations . At a news conference in the Somali capital of Mogadishu , al-Shabaab spokesman Sheikh Ali Mohamud Rage said , "  We are very happy with the Somali national who attacked the house of the Danish cartoonist who previously insulted our prophet Mohammed . This is an honor for the Somali people . We are telling that we are glad that anyone who insults Islam should be attacked wherever they are . " Police had no indication that an attack was being planned on Westergaard , Madsen said , though the intelligence service said the suspect had been under surveillance because of his alleged terrorist links . Police said the suspect wielded an ax and a knife and managed to crack the glass front door of Westergaard 's home . A home alarm alerted police to the scene , and they were attacked by the suspect , authorities said . Westergaard , who was home with his 5-year-old granddaughter at the time of the break-in , hid in a "  panic room " when he realized what was happening , Madsen said . Westergaard is ordinarily accompanied by bodyguards when he leaves his home , but nobody was on guard at the house Friday , the Security and Intelligence Service told CNN . Police said Westergaard was "  being taken care of " after the break-in , but would n't reveal his new location . The incident "  once again confirms the terrorist threat that is directed against Denmark and against cartoonist Kurt Westergaard , in particular , " said Jakob Scharf , spokesman for the Danish Security and Intelligence Service . Westergaard 's caricature of Mohammed -- showing the prophet wearing a bomb as a turban with a lit fuse -- was first published by the Danish newspaper Morgenavisen Jyllands-Posten in September 2005 . It sparked an uproar among Muslims in early 2006 after newspapers reprinted the images in support of free speech . At the time , Westergaard said he wanted his cartoon to say that some people exploited the prophet to legitimize terrorism . However , many in the Muslim world interpreted the drawing as depicting their prophet as a terrorist . Over the years , Danish authorities have arrested other suspects who allegedly plotted against Westergaard 's life . After three such arrests in February 2008 , Westergaard issued a statement , saying , "  Of course I fear for my life after the Danish Security and Intelligence Service informed me of the concrete plans of certain people to kill me . However , I have turned fear into anger and indignation . It has made me angry that a perfectly normal everyday activity which I used to do by the thousand was abused to set off such madness . " Scharf said authorities have taken measures to ensure Westergaard 's safety , and that the protection has "  proven effective . " -- CNN 's Per Nyberg and reporter Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	Organization of the Islamic Conference condemns attack on cartoonist Somali man attacked home of Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard Westergaard known for controversial cartoons of prophet Mohammed
CNN  -- A woman who has been in a vegetative state for nearly 17 years was transferred to a private clinic Tuesday where she is expected to die -- ending what has been a lengthy and controversial legal fight . A portrait of Eluana Englaro taken in July 2008 in Italy . Englaro has been in a vegetative state for nearly 17 years . Eluana Englaro suffered irreversible brain damage in a car crash in 1992 , when she was 20 years old . For years , her father has fought to have her feeding tube removed , saying it would be a dignified end to his daughter 's life . Beppino Englaro says that before the crash , his daughter visited a friend who was in a coma and told him she did n't want the same thing to happen to her should she ever be in the same state . Euthanasia is illegal in Italy , but patients have the right to refuse treatment . It is on that basis that Englaro argued his daughter should be allowed to die , because she had expressed the wish not to be kept alive while in a coma -- indirectly refusing treatment , he said . "  We knew Eluana well , and we always thought of her as a champion of freedom , " her father said in October . "  She had clear ideas about her life and for her , life was about freedom -- not an obligation to live . " A series of legal battles finally ended in November , when Italy 's highest court , the Court of Cassation , upheld a lower court ruling allowing Englaro to suspend his daughter 's treatment . But although Englaro had cleared the last legal hurdle , the court 's decision sparked a new fight to find a hospital or clinic that would take out Eluana 's feeding tube . Several clinics initially came forward to say they could do it , but the Italian health minister then issued a decree to remind them of their duty of care . Under pressure to adhere to his decree , the clinics backed off . Finally , a private clinic in the northeastern Italian city of Udine agreed to assist in Eluana 's case . Monday night , Eluana was transferred from the church-run hospital in Lecco , north of Milan , where she had been kept alive to the Udine clinic . A handful of protesters tried to block the ambulance carrying Eluana from leaving the clinic , one of them holding a banner reading , "  Only thieves and assassins act at night . " The case has been a controversial one in Italy , a heavily Catholic country where the Vatican has great influence . Last Sunday , Pope Benedict XVI told pilgrims that "  euthanasia is a false solution to suffering . " Tuesday morning , a top Vatican official was quoted in the Italian media saying , "  Stop the killer hands . " The Udine clinic says the removal of Eluana 's tube will begin in about three days , and the process of allowing her to die will take about 20 days . Clinic officials gave police an outline of the specific steps they are going to take with Eluana during that time . The outline adheres to the Cassation Court 's ruling , which required certain steps and conditions once Eluana 's feeding tube is removed . Among the steps and conditions was a rule that no video or photography may be taken and that only certain people may enter the patient 's room .	Eluana Englaro has been in a coma for 17 years after a car crash Englaro was transferred to a private clinic Tuesday where she is expected to die Her father has fought for years to have her feeding tube removed
Detroit  CNN  -- The man accused of trying to blow up a commercial flight with a bomb hidden in his underwear entered court Tuesday shouting anti-American statements and claiming that Anwar al-Awlaki , a U.S. citizen and accused terrorist who was killed in a drone attack in Yemen , is still alive . "  Anwar is alive ! " he yelled . "  The mujahideen will wipe out the U.S. , the cancer ! " Jury selection began Tuesday in the trial of Umar Farouq AbdulMutallab , the Nigerian man who is accused of trying to detonate an explosive device aboard a Christmas Day 2009 flight to Detroit . AbdulMutallab has said he will represent himself in the trial in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan , expected to begin October 11 . Wearing a white prison T-shirt and a black cap , AbdulMutallab said he had instead wanted to wear "  a Yemeni belt with a dagger " when asked by U.S. District Judge Nancy Edmunds why he was n't dressed more appropriately . AbdulMutallab has been indicted on charges that include attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction , conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism and possession of a firearm or destructive device in furtherance of an act of violence . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges . He was a passenger on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 en route from the Netherlands to Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 . According to an indictment , he went to the bathroom shortly before the plane was to land . When he returned to his seat , he said his stomach was upset and pulled a blanket over himself . Prosecutors allege he then tried to ignite an explosive device that was hidden in his underwear . Passengers and flight crew members subdued him . U.S. officials say the terror group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was behind the alleged bombing attempt . During a pre-trial hearing last month meant to introduce him to 250 prospective jurors , AbdulMutallab said "  Osama 's alive . " Osama bin Laden , the former al Qaeda leader , was killed in May during a U.S. raid on his compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan .	NEW : AbdulMutallab shouts , "  The mujahideen will wipe out the U.S. , the cancer ! " He has pleaded not guilty to the charges in the Christmas Day 2009 incident Jury selection is under way , with trial expected to start next week AbdulMutallab has said he will represent himself
Health.com  -- Girls in the United States are entering puberty at earlier ages than they have in the past , a new study reports . More than 10 percent of white 7-year-old girls in the study , which was conducted in the mid-2000s , had reached a stage of breast development marking the start of puberty , compared to just 5 percent in a similar study conducted in the early 1990s . Black and Hispanic girls continue to mature faster than white girls , on average . Nearly one-quarter of black girls and 15 percent of Hispanic girls had entered puberty by age 7 , according to the new study , which appears in the journal Pediatrics . But the trend toward earlier puberty is not as pronounced among blacks as it is among whites , the researchers say . Although the rate of early puberty among black girls in the study  23 percent  was higher than that observed in the early 1990s  15 percent  , the increase was not statistically significant . Health.com : Is it baby fat or obesity ? "  White girls are catching up , " says Dr. Frank Biro , M.D. , the lead author of the study and the director of adolescent medicine at Cincinnati Children 's Hospital . Experts are n't sure what 's behind the increase in earlier puberty , but it 's likely due to a combination of factors , including the childhood obesity epidemic and substances in the environment . Early puberty in girls is a growing public health concern because studies have shown that girls who start puberty earlier are more likely to develop breast and uterine cancer later in life . The National Institutes of Health funded the study as part of a larger investigation into the environmental factors that contribute to breast cancer risk . Video : Girls becoming women sooner "  Breast cancer is such a common problem , so if we can find some of the things that make it more likely , we could improve screening of those early developers , " says Dr. Susan Nickel , M.D. , an assistant professor of pediatrics at the Texas A&M Health Science Center College of Medicine , in Temple .  Nickel was not involved in the new research . Cancer risk is n't the only concern surrounding early puberty . Early development in girls has been linked with poor self-esteem , eating disorders , and depression , as well as cigarette and alcohol use and earlier sexual activity . "  If an 11 - or 12-year-old girl looks like she 's 16 , people will interact with her as if she were 16 , " Biro says . "  Early maturation increases the rate of risk-taking behaviors and lowers academic performance . It does n't mean it 's going to happen , but it could . " Health.com : Plastic baby bottles and BPA : Health risk or hysteria ? Between 2004 and 2006 , Biro and his co-authors assessed the breast development of more than 1,200 girls ages 6 to 8 in three major U.S. cities  New York , Cincinnati , and San Francisco  . The stage of development in which a girl 's breasts begin to "  bud " is considered the onset of puberty , not her first menstrual cycle . The average age of the first period has declined as well , says Nickel . "  Girls used to get their first menstrual period at 14 or 15 , " she says , but now the average is closer to 12 . Health.com : The big three hormones Regardless of their race , girls with a higher body mass index  BMI  -- a ratio of height to weight -- tend to mature sooner , the researchers found . This finding , which has been reported in other studies , suggests that soaring obesity rates among children may be contributing to the rates of early puberty . But it 's not yet clear why girls -- and especially white girls -- are starting to physically mature at younger ages . One theory is that excess body fat affects the levels of hormones that trigger puberty . Health.com : 4 things that mess with your hormones Chemicals in the environment -- most notably bisphenol-A  BPA  , which is found in many hard plastic products -- may affect hormones as well , says Dr. Gary Berkovitz , M.D. , a professor of pediatric endocrinology at the University of Miami 's Miller School of Medicine . A girl 's experience in infancy and even in the womb may also contribute to earlier puberty , according to a second study that appears in the same issue of Pediatrics . Health.com : Make play areas greener and safer for kids In that study , which included about 4,000 girls in the United Kingdom , researchers from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that mothers who had their first period before age 12 , smoked during pregnancy , and were pregnant for the first time had daughters who entered puberty sooner than other girls . Above-average weight gain during infancy was also associated with earlier puberty , the study found . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Experts are n't sure what 's behind the increase in earlier puberty Studies showed girls who started puberty earlier at greater risk for certain cancers Doctor : Chemicals such as bisphenol-A  BPA  may affect hormones
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- An undersea cable plugging east Africa into high speed Internet access went live Thursday , providing an alternative to expensive satellite connections . The cable links southern Africa to Europe and Asia . SEACOM , the cable provider company , opened its 17,000 kilometer submarine cable , capable of 1.28 terabytes per second , allowing the region true connectivity . Most Africans rely on expensive and slow satellite connections , which make the use of applications such as YouTube and Facebook extremely trying . "  This is going to reduce the cost of doing business in Africa , within Africa and with international parties " said Suveer Ramdhani , SEACOM spokesman in South Africa . "  The cable is as thin as a hair strand , and in one second it can download the same amount of data that 160 people use in a month . " SEACOM , privately funded and 75 percent African owned , will provide retail carriers with open source access to inexpensive bandwidth . It has taken less than three years to complete the mammoth project , providing landing stations at South Africa , Kenya , Madagascar and other points along the east coast of Africa . But telecoms analyst James Hodge said that some of the more ambitious hopes for the system -- such as impacting the continent 's socioeconomic problems -- will be long-term , and that initially it will be those already connected who will see the benefits . The launch was delayed by a month because of increased activity by pirates along parts of the African coast . Security teams were beefed up to protect the slow moving cable layers . Neotel , a South African communications network operator , is the largest SEACOM customer in South Africa and is the country 's landing partner , providing both the coastal landing station and Johannesburg data center for the submarine cable . Neotel managing director Ajay Pandey is excited about the opportunities for growth presented by the SEACOM cable . "  With this cable coming in , the pipe size opens up , so more and more people are able to get faster and better connectivity , hopefully at a lower price . It ca n't be more expensive than what it is today . " SEACOM Chief Executive Officer Brian Herlihy added : "  Turning the switch ` on ' creates a huge anticipation , but ultimately , SEACOM will be judged on the changes that take place on the continent over the coming years . " South Africa has been hobbled by high costs and extremely slow bandwidth , effectively keeping the country on an information back road rather then the superhighway . There is much anticipation and hope that the cable will ensure Africa keeps up with the developed world in Internet connectivity , providing greater speed , flexibility and , potentially , a complete socioeconomic transformation . Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete said in his opening address : "  It 's the ultimate embodiment of modernity . " His speech was beamed via SEACOM from a launch in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , to the simultaneous launch in Johannesburg , South Africa .	Undersea SEACOM cable links southern and east Africa to Europe , Asia System provides cheaper alternative to satellite connections 17,000 km cable capable of 1.28 terabytes per second SEACOM spokesman : This is going to reduce the cost of doing business
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Baratunde Thurston says that , sometimes , comedy is no laughing matter . "  I met an Iranian revolutionary leader last year and he gave me a hug and thanked me for what we do , " said Thurston , who counts the role of digital editor at news-satire site The Onion among his many comedic credits . Thurston was a keynote speaker Saturday at the South by Southwest Interactive festival here . In an  appropriately  interactive presentation that came complete with suggested Twitter hashtags , Thurston made a passionate case for humor as an important way to make sense of a sometimes confusing and overwhelming world . The near limitless power of the Web sometimes devolves into the cluttered "  Internet of crap , " he said . At other times , he added , the fast-paced digital age can leave people feeling lost . "  With all this noise and confusion , we look to institutions for trust and they often come up short , " he said . " Government is trying to shut it down . Religion -- missing in action . Your parents are awkwardly texting you . And the media is busy talking about the state of the media . "  So , who 's left ? You 've got comics , willing to speak truth to the youth and beyond . " Thurston highlighted satirical TV shows , websites and Web videos that have sprung up in places like Egypt , China and Nigeria , where more traditional media is kept under tight reins . He showed video from an "  Onion " - like satire show from Iran , then photos he said were of Iranian authorities ripping people 's satellite dishes off of their roofs so they could n't watch it . "  You can almost measure the freedom of a society by its reaction to the satirists , " he said . "  How weak is your government when this is what you have to resort to to get things done ? " Thurston , author of the recently published satirical take on race , "  How to Be Black , " began his presentation by telling stories about his family : His ex-slave great-grandfather who taught himself to read ; his grandmother who was the first black employee at the U.S. Supreme Court building ; and his mother , who , later on in the 1960s , protested outside that same building . He tied a point about technology and satire to that story , saying that humorists of today need to be intimately involved in the technology used to share their work . "  This is all about freedom , " he said . "  This is about the new act of teaching yourself to read ... . We need this level of production and creation to make sense of the world . "	SXSW keynote speaker : Humor "  speaks truth " in a confusing digital world Comedian Baratunde Thurston is digital editor at The Onion , author of "  How To Be Black " Satire has been used in oppressed countries like China , Iran and Egypt Thurston : You can measure a nation 's freedom by its reaction to satirists
Mexico City  CNN  -- Mexico 's military has seized more than $ 15.3 million in cash from a vehicle in the border city of Tijuana , authorities said Tuesday . In addition to the money , troops also found jewelry and packages of cocaine in the vehicle , the Attorney General 's Office said in a statement . Soldiers found the stash during patrols Friday , the statement said . Authorities believe the vehicle was heading to a home used as a financial hub by the Sinaloa Cartel , the statement said . On Tuesday , officials showed reporters in Mexico City stacks of $ 100 bills that they said were seized in the operation . The cash is the second largest quantity of money the Mexican military has seized since President Felipe Calderon took office in December 2006 , the statement said . In 2008 , soldiers seized more than $ 26 million in Sinaloa state . Calderon announced a government crackdown on cartels shortly after taking office .	In addition to money , troops find jewelry and packets of cocaine Soldiers find the stash during patrols in the border city of Tijuana Authorities show reporters stacks of $ 100 bills seized in the operation
Washington  CNN  -- Less than 100 feet from where a hijacked airplane slammed into the Pentagon , Muslim military personnel bring prayer rugs on weekday afternoons for group worship . On Fridays , a local imam conducts a service in the Pentagon Memorial Chapel built after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks by al Qaeda that killed 184 people at the U.S. military headquarters . The chapel , with stained-glass windows , burgundy carpeting and a wooden altar , provides a place of prayer and religious observance for anyone regardless of faith or culture . Its welcoming calm and nondenominational culture are in stark contrast to the emotional debate over plans to build an Islamic cultural center and mosque two blocks from ground zero in New York City , where planes flown by al Qaeda hijackers destroyed the World Trade Center , killing more than 2,700 people . To chaplains who work in Army chapels around the world , the tolerance and openness represent the support and camaraderie of military culture . "  What happens here is normal , " said Chaplain  Lt. Col.  Carleton W. Birch , spokesman for the Army Chief of Chaplains . The Pentagon chapel opened in November 2002 as part of the reconstruction of the complex from damage caused by the 9/11 attack . Behind the altar , a large stained-glass display depicts the Pentagon , an eagle and the American flag , with a double row of 184 ruby-red glass pieces representing the victims killed when American Airlines Flight 77 crashed into the building . "  United in memory , September 11 , 2001 , " it reads . The chapel contains 80 seats and has regularly scheduled religious services on weekdays , including Catholic confession and Mass , a Jewish service and Torah study , a Hindu service , a Mormon service and services for other Christian denominations , along with the Muslim prayer service . On average , 300 to 400 people visit the chapel each week , either to take part in group services or on their own . Army officials interviewed Wednesday said they were unaware of anyone ever protesting against Muslims ' use of the chapel . "  I 've never had a question about it " in four-plus years at the Pentagon , Army spokesman George Wright said . The Army culture of religious freedom dates back to the Revolutionary War , Wright said , describing it as "  a big tent . " "  We 're very tolerant here of one another and our faith , " he said . "  We do n't keep track of who comes in . " CNN 's Chris Lawrence contributed to this story .	The military chapel near the 9/11 crash site is nondenominational Officials say the tolerance is part of military culture 184 people died when a hijacked plane crashed into the Pentagon Christians , Jews , Muslims and Hindus use the space
CNN  -- NBC was pummeled by viewers who took to social media after the network cut away early from the closing ceremony of the London Games on Sunday to air a new television show , drawing outrage from those who tuned in for the highly anticipated musical spectacle . The Twitter-sphere exploded , with " #NBCfail " and " #closingceremonies " trending worldwide , after NBC cut out performances by Ray Davies , Kate Bush , The Who and Muse in favor of a commercial-free airing of "  Animal Practice . " "  I still do n't understand , it 's a tape delay , so ca n't you do the math in advance ? Why do you need to cut off the closing ceremony ? #nbcfail , " Raj Sarkar wrote on Twitter . Meet the man who started #NBCFail Actor Nate Barlow posted to his Twitter account : "  Why #nbcfail ranks last : no better way to turn people off a new show than to preempt @thewho & other rock legends for it . " The network was under fire for much of the 16 days of the Games by viewers who took to Twitter and Facebook to complain about its tape-delayed coverage of big-ticket events , which NBC has said was necessary to maximize its prime-time audience . Earlier in the Games , NBC came under fire for filing a complaint over tweets by Guy Adams , the Los Angeles-based journalist whose Twitter account was temporarily suspended after he criticized NBC for its Olympics coverage . In one tweet , Adams provided the company e-mail address of an NBC executive and urged followers to send him messages complaining about the tape-delayed coverage . NBC confirmed that it complained and Twitter suspended him , saying it is a violation of the site 's terms of service to post personal information . It later withdrew the complaint . The network also came under fire for spoiling the results of U.S. swimmer Missy Franklin 's gold medal-winning race when it ran a "  Today " show promo that revealed the outcome of the race before it was telecast that night . The network relented in its opposition to streaming the closing ceremony live , though it offered an English-language pool feed rather than its edited program . NBC commentator Bob Costas appeared to acknowledge the issue with the network 's tape-delayed coverage , saying during the broadcast that some of the challenges at the London Games would be eliminated at the Rio Games in 2016 because they will be held in a time zone only one hour ahead of Eastern Time .  The 2014 Winter Olympics , which will be televised in the U.S. by NBC , are in Sochi , Russia -- which is eight hours ahead of Eastern Time , four hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time . Live or later : What 's your ideal Olympics coverage ? NBC did air The Who 's performance at the closing ceremony in late night , following "  Animal Practice . " But that did little to calm the fury of viewers , many of whom said they tuned in to see the British band Muse perform the official song of the Olympics . "  Their broadcast was horrible ! No Muse with the OFFICIAL song of the Olympics . Who made that call ? @NBC #NBCfail , " LoriAndJava wrote on Twitter . NBC did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the decision to cut away from the ceremony , though it did appear to warn viewers that it was about to end its Olympic coverage . "  And that 's a wrap ! Thanks for enjoying the 2012 #Olympics with us ! RT if you CA N'T WAIT for #Sochi2014 ! , " read a post that appeared on the NBC Olympics Twitter page as the closing ceremony aired on the East Coast . It also urged viewers to stay tuned for " #TheWho after @AnimalPractice : " It posted a similar message on Facebook , which drew similar reactions . "  I tuned out when NBC interrupted the closing ceremony , " John Kwon wrote . Earlier , NBC streamed the ceremony live on its Olympics website . At least those in attendance at the closing ceremony in London enjoyed the show . "  What an incredible night ! Closing ceremonies were unbelievable but I am EXHAUSTED ! " swimmer Franklin wrote on Twitter . "  I 'll post a few pics before bed . " Is it really #NBCfail ?	Anchor Bob Costas appeared to acknowledge issues with the delayed coverage NBC cut away from the Olympics to show its new TV comedy "  Animal Practice " Viewers in the U.S. missed performances by Ray Davies , Kate Bush , Muse , The Who "  And that 's a wrap ! Thanks for enjoying the 2012 #Olympics with us ! " NBC tweeted
CNN  -- Two prisoners have confessed to digging a tunnel that led to the escape of 63 inmates last week , Yemen 's state-run SABA news agency reported Sunday . Dozens of suspected al Qaeda militants escaped Wednesday from a jail in the Yemeni city of Mukalla , a senior security official said . An Interior Ministry official said 63 members of al Qaeda had managed to break out of Almakla prison , according to SABA . He said three inmates were killed , another two were arrested , and a prison guard was killed . He asked to remain anonymous because he is not authorized to speak to the media . Some of the escapees had already been convicted ; others were awaiting trial , the official told SABA . They escaped through a 35-meter  115-foot  tunnel , he said . Witnesses said armed militants began attacking the prison at about 8 a.m. and fired heavy artillery before the escape . The prison warden , his deputy and a number of guards have been suspended for questioning , SABA said Sunday . Mohammed Qahtan , spokesman for Yemen 's largest opposition bloc , Joint Meetings Parties , said he thinks security officials loyal to the ruling family are responsible for the escape and that the government would create chaos to stay in power . Yemen has been consumed by unrest for months as protesters have demanded an end to President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's rule . In recent weeks , government troops have battled both anti-government tribal forces and Islamic militants , including al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Saleh and other senior officials were wounded June 3 in an attack on the mosque at the presidential palace and taken to Saudi Arabia for treatment . Saleh was expected to make a public appearance within the next two days , presidential adviser Ahmed al-Soufi said Sunday afternoon . He would n't say whether Saleh would be making that appearance in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa or in Saudi Arabia , where he has been treated for his injuries . Al-Soufi added that Saleh still has "  light burn marks " on his face , but denied some reports claiming the president 's face had been disfigured by the attack . In recent days , the Yemeni government 's control has been receding , said Christopher Boucek , an associate in the Middle East program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  There are instances where you can say that the Yemeni government is instigating some of this chaos -- with the goal to demonstrate to the United States , Saudi Arabia and others that this regime -- the government of President Saleh -- is the best to fight al Qaeda . " Boucek said the Yemeni government is more concerned with protecting itself from the popular revolt than with going after al Qaeda . As a result , he said , the government has repositioned its counterterrorism forces , retreating from areas such as Abyan province where it had lost ground , and circling the wagons . However , a Yemeni official briefed on security operations rejected Boucek 's conclusion . "  What about the blood of 66 soldiers ? " he said , citing the number of soldiers who he said have died in Abyan province alone in recent weeks . Another 291 soldiers have been wounded in operations there that killed six of the most wanted al Qaeda operatives and 40 other militants , he said . The United States has been aiding Yemen 's military in its fight against Islamic militants amid fears that al Qaeda is exploiting the political chaos and leadership vacuum engulfing the unstable and impoverished Arabian Peninsula country . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Brian Todd contributed to this story .	NEW : Yemeni president to make a public appearance by Tuesday , adviser says Interior ministry official : 63 members of al Qaeda escaped last week , according to SABA State media : A prison warden and guards are suspended and being questioned An opposition bloc spokesman says he thinks ruling family loyalists are responsible
The signs pointed to the grand jury drawing near a decision as to whether Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson will be charged with a crime for fatally shooting Michael Brown . But word leaked out Saturday that when the Missouri grand jury wrapped up its session Friday , it had n't wrapped up the case . The 12 grand jurors will meet again Monday , sources said . People are getting antsy . Supporters of Brown 's family want to see Wilson go to trial . The officer 's supporters want him to be vindicated . Business owners worry about their property . Officials are concerned about keeping the peace . It 's still unclear when we will hear what the grand jury has decided . In the meantime , here are five things to ponder : 1 . Why were there expectations of a decision Friday ? There were several indicators that something was going to happen last week . On Monday , Gov. Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency , citing the "  possibility of expanded unrest . " He also ordered the National Guard to send troops to the area . For weeks , the prosecutors ' office in St. Louis County has said there likely would be a decision by mid-November . Law enforcement officials briefed on the plans said Wednesday the grand jury was going to meet Friday for what might be its final session . On Thursday , an email went out to all St. Louis County employees detailing security preparations for a grand jury announcement . 2 . What does it mean that the grand jury is not done ? That 's hard to discern , but it 's not as if they have reached the deadline to decide . That 's January 7 . Normally , a grand jury in St. Louis County meets every Wednesday . But the grand jury had been extended for the Brown case so jurors have extra time to hear from a number of witnesses and to focus solely on this case . In this scenario , the panel is allowed to meet on days when all 12 jurors can get together . Once agreed upon , the schedule is given to the prosecuting attorney 's office . The law enforcement officials who told CNN of Friday 's session also said St. Louis County prosecutors were preparing to present more evidence to the grand jury before it started deliberating . 3 . What is taking the grand jury so long ? Unlike in most grand jury presentations , St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch has said he was going to present every piece of evidence and witness he has , much more information than is typically given . "  Absolutely nothing will be left out , so the grand jury is making their decision based upon absolutely everything , and we 'll go from there , " he told a St. Louis radio station in August . It is an unusual approach . "  Most times prosecutors decide , ` Look , I want to get an indictment . I 'm going to present the minimum amount of testimony I need to get an indictment , ' " CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin has said . McCulloch told CNN 's Ana Cabrera that it had taken longer than expected to get some of the witnesses in front of the grand jury . The grand jury meets in secret , so it is impossible to know whether all the evidence has been presented and all the witnesses have testified . One possibility is the grand jury wanted to hear from a witness again . Another scenario is that the grand jurors took a break before starting their deliberations . McCulloch has told CNN that if there is no indictment , he will seek to publicly release all evidence in the case . Paul Fox , St. Louis County 's director of judicial administration , sent a statement to media on Sunday that said that a judge must approve such a request and that the court will have to "  analyze the need for maintaining secrecy of the records with the need for public disclosure of the records . " 4 . What are the possible outcomes a grand jury could reach ? The grand jury is deciding whether Wilson should be charged with any one of several possible crimes , including : first-degree murder , second-degree murder , voluntary manslaughter or involuntary manslaughter , said Ed Magee , spokesman for the prosecuting attorney 's office . The grand jury can issue an indictment on any of those four charges , and it also has the option of adding a charge of armed criminal action , authorities said . At the same time , the grand jury will receive the Missouri statutes for self-defense and the police use of deadly force . It may choose not to indict Wilson . Once it has heard all testimony and reviewed the evidence , the grand jury determines whether there is probable cause a crime or crimes have been committed . If that is the case , a "  true bill " is found and an indictment is issued . If no true bill is found , then there is no charge . Nine of 12 grand jurors must agree that there is a true bill for the case to head to a trial hearing . But even in the case of a no true bill , prosecutors could theoretically present the evidence to a different grand jury . HLN legal analyst Joey Jackson said he thinks that is highly unlikely . Whatever the decision , officials have said they will give notice to law enforcement and other authorities before publicly announcing the outcome . 5 . What do Ferguson residents say about the added wait ? It seems to be a mixture of frustration and confusion for Ferguson residents . "  For me , it 's like I do n't understand what they are stretching it out for . Maybe they do n't feel like they have enough evidence , I do n't know , " said Anthony Kelly . Others think the grand jury had a pretty easy case . "  Honestly , I do n't think it should be a process . This man  Wilson  should be locked up , " said Brandon Turner , who works in Ferguson . "  Any civilian could have had 20 witnesses pointing at them , and he could have been locked up that day . I think this is crazy . " Some people were guardedly OK with the news that grand jury would meet again . They said rushing through could lead to the wrong decision . Turner said many people he has talked to believe that Wilson wo n't be indicted . "  Everybody is in shock that it 's taking this long . Everybody is anticipating that he is going to get off , " he said .	Grand jury has been solely focusing on Michael Brown shooting Prosecutors have said deadline is January 7 , but decision likely before then 12 jurors have more evidence and testimony to weigh than in a normal case Ferguson residents seems tired of waiting ; some hope lengthy process sign of thorough jury
CNN  -- Anuradha Koirala is fighting to prevent the trafficking and sexual exploitation of Nepal 's women and girls . Since 1993 , she and her group , Maiti Nepal , have helped rescue and rehabilitate more than 12,000 victims . Below are her thoughts on being chosen as a Top 10 CNN Hero . Q : Where were you when you got the call that you 'd been selected as a Top 10 CNN Hero ? Anuradha Koirala : The day I found out that I 'd been selected as a Top 10 CNN Hero , I was in Delhi , India . I 'd had meetings with Indian and Nepalese government officials , police officers and -LSB- nongovernmental organizations -RSB- that are partnering with us regarding rescue and repatriation of Nepali girls . I also went to meet Nepali girls at a government remand home in Delhi . We had four girls rescued last week , so I was talking to all the children . The police officers were very positive , but one lawyer was acting very "  smart " -LSB- about not wanting the girls to return home to Nepal -RSB- . I said to him : "  We are all working for the benefit of the children . So legal things are one part , but when there are girls , you have to send the girls back to their own country . That is all I want . " So the whole morning and afternoon , I had been fighting . I was very excited and thankful to get the news . I have a big family , about 2,000 children and girls . This was a moment for us to cry , hug and remember how we started , what we have gained and where we are today . Q : What does it mean to you to have been selected by the Blue Ribbon Panel ? Koirala : It means they have given priority to this heinous crime against humanity . We have to fight against this crime and protect the children from this . Q : What do you want people to know most about the importance of your work ? Koirala : I would like to urge all the human beings around the world : Please close your eyes and imagine these girls are your daughters , and you will feel the pain of being trafficked .	Anuradha Koirala and her group , Maiti Nepal , have helped more than 12,000 escape sex slavery Koirala was chosen as a Top 10 CNN Hero for her efforts in Nepal Koirala : "  We have to fight against this crime and protect the children from this "
CNN  -- Las Ramblas rumbled . The foundations of La Sagrada Familia began to shake . Camp Nou was silenced . A shadow cast itself across the city as the sun dipped beneath the stands . Amidst the rising tension a diminutive figure rose . He bent down , tied his laces and strode forward . Cometh the hour , cometh the man . Those sat around the amphitheater rose in celebration , the enemy shrunk back into their skins , the victory was already assured . As Lionel Messi placed his feet onto the Camp Nou turf you could see a visible chill go down the spine of each and every Paris Saint-Germain player . Leading 1-0 and with a place in the semifinals of the Champions League within touching distance , PSG looked set to produce one of the most remarkable results of the competition . A 2-2 draw in last week 's first leg appeared to have given Barcelona the edge in a tie which the Catalan club was expected to breeze through . But when Javier Pastore shook the very foundations of one of Europe 's greatest bastions , a cloud began to descend upon manager Tito Vilanova and his ailing players . Barcelona might be 13 points clear at the top of La Liga , but this was not a performance which engendered confidence . Suddenly there was doubt , anxiety , even fear . And then in a matter of minutes , everything had changed . Order had been restored . Just nine minutes after Messi 's introduction , Barcelona was level as the French resistance wilted under the wizardry of the game 's most talented attacking force . The four-time World Player of the Year has scored 57 times this season , but just his mere presence was enough to unnerve his opponents . A 1-1 draw was enough to take Barcelona through on away goals after the two teams finished level at 3-3 on aggregate . But it could have been so different had the French side taken the chances afforded to them during a frantic opening 45 minutes . Ezequiel Lavezzi wasted the most clear-cut opportunity , racing onto Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's through ball only to fire straight at the onrushing Victor Valdes . Lucas Moura forced Valdes into a sharp save when he headed Ibrahimovic 's cross towards goal as the visiting side began to turn the screw . The French league leaders continued to look threatening and it came as no surprise when it finally grabbed the initiative five minutes after the break . Once again it was enigmatic Ibrahimovic who created the opportunity , threading the ball through to Pastore . The Argentine playmaker took the ball in his stride before lashing home a left-footed effort which left Valdes with no chance . But no sooner had the ball hit the net than a certain somebody was already preparing to make a grand entrance . As Messi began to warm-up on the sideline , the crowd responded . Suddenly , the fear and anxiety which had gripped those adorned in the blue and red of Barcelona began to dissipate . His entrance onto the pitch with 28 minutes remaining seemed to breathe new life into a Barcelona side which had failed to produce anything of note in front of goal . But with Messi , albeit not a 100 % Messi on the field , the home side began to tick and within nine minutes of his introduction it was level . Inevitably it was the Argentine who made the difference , jinking his way past two white shirts before rolling the ball in for David Villa , who laid it off for Pedro to rifle home . That goal sealed Barcelona 's place in the semifinals for the sixth consecutive year and defender Gerard Pique believes his side ran out worthy winners . "  I think Barca has shown a lot of quality in the six years and I think we deserve it again to be in the semifinals , " Pique told Sky Sports . "  Paris St-Germain is very strong with good quality but I think we deserved it . "  In the first leg we deserved a little more and tonight we 're very happy to have qualified . "  It does n't matter if he 's a little bit injured he can change everything . "  We are very proud and lucky to have him in our side . He 's our reference as a striker - he can score , he can pass he can do anything and everything . " PSG coach Carlo Ancelotti added : "  I thought we played well . We caused Barca problems , but Messi is a fantastic player and can find a solution for his team even when not fully fit . " In the night 's other game , Bayern Munich produced a hugely impressive performance to book its place in the last four courtesy of a 2-0 win over Juventus . Leading 2-0 from the first leg , Bayern eased past the Italian side thanks to goals from Mario Mandzukic and Claudio Pizarro . Bayern , which lost in the final to Chelsea in Munich last year , joins Bundesliga rival Borussia Dortmund in the semifinals . It is the first time two German clubs have made the last four of the competition in the same season . And winger Arjen Robben , who was denied a goal of his own by the woodwork , is keen to avoid Jurgen Klopp 's side in the next round . "  If you win away 2-0 in Turin here I think that 's an amazing result because they are unbeaten for I do n't know how many games and they are so strong at the back , " Robben told Sky Sports . "  Even more , if you dominate the game in the second half as we did , it is a great performance . "  We would like to be kept apart from Borussia Dortmund in the semifinals but we do n't have a choice and it comes out how it comes . "  It going to be a big one and the semifinals have maybe the four best teams at the moment . " Bayern will now compete in their third semifinal in four years , but it must do without Mandzukic in the first leg with the Croatia star set to serve a one-game ban . Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon believes Bayern 's extra experience was a key factor in the outcome of the tie . He told Sky Sports : "  The big difference between them and us is experience . I was even more impressed tonight than in Munich . "  In the first leg we did not give our all , but tonight we did and still there was nothing we could do . I think Bayern can win the Champions League . "	Barcelona claims 1-1 draw against PSG to qualify for semifinals Barca progresses on away goals after teams finish level at 3-3 on aggregate Bayern Munich eased past Juventus 2-0 in Turin Last year 's runner-up Bayern won 4-0 on aggregate
CNN  -- A Warren Township , Ohio , man faces charges of felonious assault after authorities say he fired his rifle at two teens who were attempting to deface his McCain presidential campaign yard sign . Police say the man 's sign is the only McCain sign on a street full of Obama signs . Kenneth Rowles , 50 , pleaded not guilty to the charge Monday , according to CNN affiliate WBNS . Bail was set at $ 10,000 . Rowles told police he was sitting on his porch Saturday when a tan SUV pulled up and a black youth jumped out and ran toward his house , screaming , "  This is for Obama . " He said another male was hanging out of the passenger window screaming the same thing . Rowles said he went inside , got his rifle and fired three shots to scare the youths away , according to a Warren Township police report . He told officers he believes that the men "  were the same two that have been destroying his McCain sign . " Just hours before the shooting , Rowles called police and said that a car had stopped in front of his house and that a black male "  ran up and said something about Obama , " according to the report , and "  damaged his sign again . " One of the youths , 17-year-old Kyree Flowers , was shot in the arm , according to a police report . He and the second youth , Patrick Wise Jr. , 16 , told police they were in the car attempting to leave when Rowles fired at them . "  Kyree stated that he witnessed the homeowner trying to shoot Patrick but he was having trouble chambering a round , " the police report said . The teens admitted that they had defaced the McCain sign several times , Warren Township police Lt. Don Bishop told CNN . Rowles ' is the only McCain sign on a street full of Obama signs , he said . Bishop said the teenagers probably will not be charged -- and are unlikely to damage campaign signs again , as the incident scared them . Warren Township is in Trumbull County not far from Cleveland , Ohio .	Man pleads not guilty to charges of felonious assault Police : Youths admitted defacing McCain sign several times It is the only McCain sign on a street full of Obama signs , police say Teenagers probably will not be charged ; one was shot in arm
CNN  -- The 2010 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to Liu Xiaobo , a leading Chinese dissident who is serving an 11-year prison term after repeatedly calling for human rights and democratization , the Norwegian Nobel Committee announced . Liu was sentenced in 2009 for inciting subversion of state power . He is the co-author of Charter 08 , a call for political reform and human rights , and was an adviser to the student protesters at Tiananmen Square in 1989 . Liu 's wife , Liu Xia , told CNN she could not wait to visit him in prison in northern China and tell him the news . She said she was packing under the surveillance of police officers who promised to take her to visit her husband the next day . "  I am totally shocked and feel so happy , " she said . "  I 've never dreamed about this . Friends have asked me to prepare for a speech , but I 've only prepared one for Xiaobo not winning the prize . " Liu Xia said she regretted her husband could n't share the moment with her . She said he would be "  surprised and humbled " to find out , but would also feel "  a greater sense of responsibilities " because of the great honor . "  It 's an affirmation of what he has fought for , " she said . Liu Xiaobo 's longtime friend Pu Zhiqiang said he was n't sure whether to be happy or cry when he heard the news . "  I doubt the Nobel will help Xiaobo right this moment , but in the long run it will leave a legacy that is sure to help bring democratic reform and freedom to China , that will far outlast Liu 's life , " Pu told CNN outside the gates of Liu 's apartment complex . Liu 's lawyer , Shang Baojun , said the win may mean Liu will have to be in prison longer . "  I hope that he 'd be released earlier because of the prize , but in reality , that will not happen , " Shang told CNN . A Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said the awarding of the prize to Liu was "  blasphemy against the peace prize " that could harm relations between China and Norway . "  Liu Xiaobo is a convicted criminal sentenced to jail by Chinese justice . His acts are in complete contradiction to the purpose of the Nobel Peace Prize , " spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said . The human rights group Amnesty International called on the Chinese government to release all "  prisoners of conscience " following the win . "  Liu Xiaobo is a worthy winner of the Nobel Peace Prize . We hope it will keep the spotlight on the struggle for fundamental freedoms and concrete protection of human rights that Liu Xiaobo and many other activists in China are dedicated to , " said Catherine Baber , the deputy Asia-Pacific director at Amnesty International . U.S. President Barack Obama , who won the award last year , said Liu had sacrificed his freedom for his beliefs . Liu , he said , is an "  eloquent and courageous spokesman for the advance of universal values through peaceful and non-violent means , including his support for democracy , human rights , and the rule of law . " Obama also urged China to release Liu as soon as possible . It was unclear whether Liu had learned of his prize from prison , but he was the favorite of many around the world to win . The president of the Norwegian Nobel Committee , Thorbjoern Jagland , said Liu won for his "  long and nonviolent struggle for fundamental human rights in China . " In announcing the prize , he said , "  The Norwegian Nobel Committee has long believed that there is a close connection between human rights and peace . Such rights are a prerequisite for the fraternity between nations of which -LSB- prize founder -RSB- Alfred Nobel wrote in his will . " Liu 's struggle has made him the "  foremost symbol " of the struggle for human rights in his country , Jagland said . Despite the criticism from China , the committee stood by its choice and said it had expected China to react strongly . "  We have a very strong tradition of awarding the prize to human rights activists of many different kinds , " Geir Lundestad , director of the Nobel Institute , told CNN . The institute assists the committee in selecting the prize each year . Lundestad cited German pacifist and journalist Carl von Ossietsky in 1935 , Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel in 1986 , Myanmar pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi in 1991 , and Iranian campaigner Shirin Ebadi in 2003 as examples of human rights activists who have won the prize . "  This is a tradition we are very proud of , and this is a tradition for which the Norwegian Nobel Committee has received much applause , " Lundestad said . "  We felt that if we were serious about this tradition , we did have to come to terms with the question of China in this perspective , and this is what we then did this year . " The winner of the Nobel Peace Prize receives 10 million Swedish kronor  $ 1.5 million  , to be picked up at the award ceremony in December . Liu spoke of his work in 2007 , while he was between a series of house arrests . "  From my personal angle , I feel in a dictatory society if you want to be a person with dignity , if you want to be an honest person , fight for human-rights improvement , fight for free speech , being ... -LSB- in prison -RSB- is part of what you are undertaking , and there is nothing to complain , " he told CNN . "  Since you chose to do this , you must have a preparation for being in prison , " he said . "  Entering the prison you must face these things peacefully , not complain -LSB- about -RSB- others . I even do n't complain -LSB- about those -RSB- ... who arrested me , because this is their inevitable action . I can also not let them arrest me if I chose other way . " Twitter users in China were unable to discuss Liu or the Nobel Prize on the micro-blogging site , but some still reacted to the award . "  I am so excited when I heard this news ! Finally good people is recognized by the world ! " wrote one Twitter user . "  They censored what I 've just posted on micro blog ! Can you really stop people in this Internet age ! " wrote another . At least two international television networks -- CNN and BBC -- were blacked out as the Nobel Committee announced the winner , and CNN remained blacked out for most of the day . Pu , Liu 's friend , was refused entry to the apartment complex by security guards when he went there Friday night . A human rights lawyer and partner in the Huayi Law Firm in Beijing -- where he focuses on defamation , press freedom and other public interest law -- Pu said the prize is a step forward for Chinese development . "  Liu 's Nobel Prize shows that he will have an impact beyond how far the eye can see . This will change the future long into the future , " he told CNN , adding that Liu is "  like an older brother to me . " Liu 's sentencing prompted a groundswell of support from former Peace Prize laureates and perennial contenders . Vaclav Havel , the hero of Czechoslovakia 's 1989 Velvet Revolution  who never won the Nobel Prize  , retired South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu  who did , in 1984  , and the Dalai Lama  1989  were among a group of intellectuals who publicly urged the Nobel Committee to give the prize to Liu shortly after he was sentenced . American writer Kwame Anthony Appiah , the head of the American PEN center , a literary and human rights organization , nominated Liu in January , he said . "  Liu Xiaobo is a hero among heroes , " said Rep. Chris Smith , R-New Jersey , who also nominated him . "  This award will be a shot of adrenaline for all Chinese human rights advocates and prisoners of conscience . " The Wall Street Journal reported in February that Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma said that it would be "  totally wrong " for "  such a person " to win the Nobel Peace Prize , and that the comment was later scrubbed from the official transcript of the briefing . CNN 's Jo Ling Kent and Steven Jiang , and journalist Tomas Etzler , contributed to this report .	Wife : "  I 've never dreamed about this " His lawyer worries the win may mean a longer prison term CNN is blacked out in China as the winner is announced Liu Xiaobo is serving an 11-year prison term
London  CNN  -- Three-dimensional  3-D  printers have come a long way from their 1980s origins as machines for building prototypes for industrial engineers and architects . Today , thanks to advances in technology and high-performance materials , they are being hailed as enablers of a "  new industrial revolution . " The technology , which creates 3-D objects layer by layer from 2-D computer models , could transform manufacturing in the 21st century . Hod Lipson , director of Cornell University 's Creative Machines Lab and co-author of "  Fabricated : The New World of 3D Printing , " says there 's virtually no material you ca n't print with . "  We are focusing on bio-printing and recently worked on food printing . Now we are focusing on multi-material printing -- integrating electric wires , batteries and motors , " Lipson said . "  We really want to print a robot that will walk out of a printer . We have been able to print batteries and motors , but we have n't been able to print the whole thing yet . I think in two or three years we 'll be able to do that . " Lispon says the commercial 3-D printer market is now growing exponentially , likening the change to the switch from mainframe computers to desktop during the 1980s . You can now buy printers for $ 1,000 going up to around $ 500,000 , he says . But you might not need one at all . "  If you 're interested in , say , making iPhone covers and you wanted to make them high quality , you could send the file online and it could be shipped overnight to you or your customer . So , essentially there is a cloud manufacturing model that is happening that is allowing people to do this , " Lipson said . See more : How you can ` print ' 3-D objects at home The scale of 3-D products is also expanding with printing ranging from the micro scale right up to building-size , according to Lipson . Most people are printing toys at the moment , but industrial applications are also growing . Engineers at EADS  The European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company  -- parent of plane manufacturer Airbus -- are at the vanguard of the rapidly advancing field . The benefits are enormous , says Jonathan Meyer , leader of Additive Layer Manufacturing  ALM  Research at EADS Innovation Works , based in the UK . "  For us , it 's very advantageous to have a technology where we do n't need specialized tooling . When you invest in tooling it drives you to a requirement for higher volumes in order to make the cost case , " Meyer said . EADS is working with titanium alloys , high-strength steels and aluminum alloys , turning them from powder into a solid object  a process called sintering  using a laser or an electron beam . As well as cutting down on waste , the technology also presents the opportunity to make new system parts that are more complex than ones made using conventional machining , Meyer says . Hydraulic manifold channels can now be curved instead of straight , he says , while complex small-scale trusses can now be defined with far greater accuracy . Compared to machining , printing reduces weight by up to 65 % without compromising on strength , the company says . "  That 's one of the things that has surprised a lot of people . We can achieve properties that are equivalent to or , in some cases , better than available materials from plate products , " Meyer said . None of these new 3-D parts are flying around in Airbus 's current fleet , but Meyer is confident they will be by the end of the decade , helping make planes lighter and more fuel efficient . By 2050 , EADS envisages wings , perhaps even whole planes , being built by vast 3-D machines . "  It will require a shift in technology and with that comes other constraints and capabilities . But multi-meter , high-value parts are realistic in that time frame . It 's a very serious focus , " Meyer said . 3-D printing wo n't be a direct replacement for all existing manufacturing technologies , but it will be "  a very , very significant introduction of capabilities to complement that , " he says . Whether Lipson 's robot manages to walk out of a printer in the near term remains to be seen . Whatever happens , it 's going to be a lot easier to make things , Lipson says . "  The bottom line is that for the first time in human history complexity is free -- making something complicated takes the same amount of time , resources and skill of making something simple , " said Lipson . "  This is a profound departure from the past . "	Advances in 3-D printing could transform manufacturing in the 21st century Manufacturing objects layer by layer is more precise and saves waste U.S. researcher hopes to print a fully working robot in next few years Aviation company EADS hoping to build wings and possibly whole planes using 3-D printing by 2050
CNN  Prominent Bangladeshi-American blogger Avijit Roy began one of his final articles by writing that January 's Charlie Hebdo massacre in France was "  a tragic atrocity committed by soldiers of the so-called religion of peace . " He recalled the case of another secular blogger , Ahmed Rajib Haider , who was hacked to death outside his home in Bangladesh in February 2013 by assailants with machetes . "  The virus of faith was the weapon that made these atrocities possible , " Roy wrote in the article , which is to be published in Free Inquiry magazine in April . On Thursday night , the engineer and writer known for speaking out for secular freedom died after being attacked by machete-wielding assailants in the Bangladeshi capital of Dhaka , a local police official said . Roy , the founder of the website Mukto-Mona , and his wife were assaulted as they walked back from a speaking engagement , said Krishna Pada Roy , a deputy commissioner with the Dhaka police . Police were investigating a "  local hard-line religious group " that praised the killing online , the BBC reported . Ajay Roy , Avijit 's father , filed a case of murder with the Shahbagh police on Friday without naming suspects . The father , a retired professor at Dhaka University , later told reporters his son was killed by extremist and communal groups backed by Jamaat-e-Islami , the main Islamist political party in the country . Avijit Roy had received death threats several times for posting his views on blog , his father said . Jamaat-e-Islami , however , protested Ajay Roy 's statement and demanded punishment of the killers . Shahbagh police officer-in-charge Sirajul Islam said , "  The nature of the attack suggests a fanatic group might have been behind the murder . " Images published Friday on the blog of another prominent writer from Bangladesh show Roy , surrounded by onlookers , lying face down in a pool of blood . "  Bangladesh has become a safe haven for Islamists where they can do whatever they like , " Taslima Nasreen , who had to leave Bangladesh after receiving death threats from extremists , wrote in her blog . "  They can kill people with no qualms whatsoever . Avijit Roy has been killed the way other free-thinking writers were killed in Bangladesh . No free thinker is safe in Bangladesh . " Roy died at a nearby hospital , the police official said . His wife suffered injuries of her own , including a severed finger . The attackers carried knives and machetes . A witness said an assailant pulled out "  a big knife " and struck Roy from behind in the head and shoulders . Roy 's wife , Rafida Ahmed Bonna , also was hacked on the shoulders . "  I shouted for help from the people but nobody came to save him , " the witness told CNN . "  No one came . " Last year , an Islamist activist said that Roy "  will be murdered when he comes back " to Bangladesh , the author wrote in the Free Inquiry article . Roy reported such threats on his life , according to people who knew him . Despite threats , the writer regularly returned to Bangladesh for the February book fairs , said Michael De Dora , a friend of Roy 's . "  Avijit was very idealistic , " he said . "  His understanding was that he would n't be killed , that if anyone ever tried to attack him or hated him , that they could just kind of have a chat and he would convince them ... that they could at least have a dialogue . " De Dora said Roy , who was an American citizen , reported last year 's threat to the FBI , but the author was skeptical of alerting Bangladeshi authorities . "  For him , even if he was getting threats that he thought were serious , to not be able to go back to his home country and meet with activists and other bloggers and writers would be kind of horrible thought for him , " De Dora said . As in France after Islamic extremists murdered 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris , Roy 's killing has generated public outcry and demonstrations in Bangladesh . "  Dhaka University is a cradle of exercising free thoughts and democracy , " Dhaka University Teachers Association  DUTA  said , according to the national news agency of Bangladesh , BSS . "  For these reasons , the communal extremists chose the university campus to launch attacks on persons of progressive conscience . " In the Free Inquiry article , Roy wrote compared religious extremism to "  a highly contagious virus . " When his book , "  The Virus of Faith , " was released at a book fair last year , he wrote that the publication "  hit the cranial nerve of Islamic fundamentalists , " who started threatening his life . "  The death threats started flowing to my e-mail inbox on a regular basis , " Roy wrote . "  A well-known extremist ... openly issued death threats to me through through his numerous Facebook statuses . " In one widely-circulated post , Roy quotes the extremist as writing , "  Avijit Roy lives in America and so , it is not possible to kill him right now . But he will be murdered when he comes back . " The Charlie Hebdo massacre , the threats on his life , the removal of his books from a Bangladesh online bookstore after pressure from extremists prove that "  the virus of faith is dangerously real , " Roy wrote . Roy and his wife were attacked on the Dhaka University campus as they were leaving a book fair where Roy had spoken . Based out of the Atlanta area , Roy was a "  prominent defender of the free thought movement  and  advocate of atheism , science and metaphysical naturalism , " according to his website . He authored seven books and his writings were also featured in numerous magazines and journals . The couple has a daughter , Trisha Ahmed , a student at Johns Hopkins University , De Dora said . Roy 's outspokenness , especially on matters of religion , made him a target in Bangladesh , where nearly 90 % of people are Muslim and 10 % are Hindu , according to the U.S. government . A September 2013 blog post by Roy was headlined , "  Happy Blasphemy Day , Happy Birthday ` Mukto Mona . ' " Roy wrote that the day is "  dedicated to those who are systematically being persecuted , harassed , or killed for their simple expression of Freethought  more precisely , for their ` blasphemous ' views towards religion  . " Countries such as Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Iran and Bangladesh have "  retained social ideas that are reminiscent of the medieval age , " when blasphemy laws were "  equated with sin , " the author wrote . In Bangladesh , bloggers were jailed "  on the sole basis that they were openly atheist , " he wrote . In Pakistan , the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom reported at least 203 incidents of violence "  in the name of religion , " resulting in more than 700 deaths in an 18-month period . In Saudi Arabia , he wrote , a 19-year-old gang-rape victim was sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in jail for "  indecency " and speaking to the press . "  The nonbelievers in these Islamic countries face the most severe treatment at the hands of both mullahs and the state , " Roy wrote . De Dora , director of the Amherst , New York-based Center for Inquiry 's office of public policy , called the author 's death "  a great loss . " "  Avijit was brilliant , yes , and a devoted advocate of free expression and secularism , but also just a very good person , " he said in a statement . "  Avijit was an inspiration to countless other freethinkers , in Bangladesh and around the world , and he was an inspiration to me . " Bangladeshi Health and Family Welfare Minister Mohammad Nasim condemned the killing and called for the "  expeditious nabbing of the killers and their exemplary punishment , " the BSS news agency reported . Information Minister Hasanul Haq Inu "  expressed deep sorrow and sympathy at the untimely death " on the same news site . Jadabeswar Bhattacharjee , a contributor to Mukto-Mona , posted Friday that Roy had been killed by "  some brain-dead Islamist bigots . " "  I have no word to condemn this heinous crime perpetuated by these Islamist cowards , " he wrote . "  When such Islamist cowards failed in intellectual discourse with Avijit and when they found that their dogma has been proved hollow by Avijit , they settled the score by murdering him . " Bob Churchill , a spokesman for the London-based International Humanist and Ethical Union , said the "  loss is keenly felt by freethinkers and humanists in South Asia and around the world " and called Roy "  a colleague in humanism and a friend to all who respect human rights , freedom , and the light of reason . " The IHEU said in a statement that an Islamist activist "  well-known " to authorities early last year threatened Roy and "  repeatedly and openly talked about wanting to see secular and freethought writers dead . " "  Those under threat have complained that authorities have ignored his threats and incitement , despite his credible links to Islamist extremists and similar murders taking place , " the statement said . There was no immediate response to the claim from authorities in Bangladesh . CNN 's Lonzo Cook , Greg Botelho , Farid Ahmed and John Couwels contributed to this report .	Victim 's father says extremists backed by Bangladesh 's main Islamist party killed his son Police : Avijit Roy died after being attacked on a street in Dhaka , Bangladesh
CNN  Erica Kinsman , a former Florida State University student who has accused star football player Jameis Winston of rape , has filed a lawsuit against the Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback , her lawyer said Thursday . Kinsman has said Winston raped her in December 2012 . A prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case . In the lawsuit filed Thursday , Kinsman alleges sexual battery , false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress . Winston has said the sex was consensual . CNN obtained the following statement from Winston 's attorney David Cornwell . "  This stunt was expected , " the statement said . "  Ms. Kinsman 's false accusations have already been exposed and rejected six times . This time will be no different . Mr. Winston welcomes the opportunity to clear his name with the truth . Mr. Winston is looking forward to the upcoming -LSB- NFL -RSB- draft . He will not permit this ploy to distract him as he begins the journey of fulfilling his lifelong dream of being a championship quarterback in the National Football League . " CNN does n't normally identify the alleged victims of sexual assault ; however , Kinsman revealed her name this year in a documentary about rape on college campuses . FSU hearing clears Winston Winston led the Florida State Seminoles to a national championship for the 2013 season and won the Heisman , given to the most outstanding collegiate football player . He is expected to be a top pick in the NFL Draft , which begins April 30 . "  As for timing , we did n't want to wait until the eve of the draft or after he signed a contract , " said Kinsman 's attorney John Clune . "  As soon as we finished the various motions briefing on the FSU case , we turned our attention to Jameis and got it filed . " Kinsman also sued the university in January . According to police documents in the rape case , Kinsman said Winston raped her after she had been drinking with friends at a bar in Tallahassee . She said an unknown man gave her a shot glass of liquid before they left the bar . Kinsman also said she did not remember much of what happened next but that she remembered being in a ground-floor apartment , where Winston took off her clothes and had sex with her despite her objections , according to police documents . Kinsman reported the alleged assault to FSU campus police that night . A month later , in January 2013 , she told Tallahassee police that Winston was the attacker . Tallahassee 's interim police chief at the time , Tom Coe , said the woman "  broke off contact " with investigators in February 2013 and did n't want to go forward with the case . The woman 's family said a detective warned her attorney that Tallahassee is a "  big football town " and that life could be miserable if she pursued the case . Winston did n't play during the 2012 season but came to Florida State as one of the nation 's top quarterback recruits , according to recruiting rankings .	Winston 's lawyer : Kinsman 's "  false accusations have already been exposed and rejected six times " Erica Kinsman said Jameis Winston raped her in 2012 ; a prosecutor declined to bring criminal charges Her lawsuit alleges sexual battery and false imprisonment ; Winston has said they had consensual sex
Editor 's note : Canadian writer Margaret Atwood is the author of more than 35 books of poetry , fiction and nonfiction . Her novels include "  The Handmaid 's Tale " and "  The Blind Assassin , " which won the Booker Prize in 2000 . Her new book , published this week by House of Anansi Press , is "  Payback : Debt and the Shadow Side of Wealth . " Atwood says the book "  is not a practical guide about how to get out of debt . Instead it examines the underpinnings of the whole structure -- why we human beings have such a thing as a debt-credit system in the first place . " Margaret Atwood says we 've come to feel that debt is essential to our lives . CNN  -- Unless we value fairness , reciprocity , and honest dealing , and the concept of balances -- for debt and credit depend on them -- and unless we are able to trust our systems , we would not be able to have debt and credit -- no one would lend , because there would be no expectation of ever getting paid back . What caused the massive financial mess we are in comes back ultimately to these concepts . The rules were too loose , fairness and honest dealing were violated , the balance was upset . We must now restore trust so people will take their pennies out of the sock under the mattress where they are now inclined to store them . In my part of the world we have a ritual interchange that goes like this : First person : "  Lovely weather we 're having . " Second person : "  We 'll pay for it later . " My part of the world being Canada , where there is a great deal of weather , we always do pay for it later . One person has commented , "  That 's not Canadian , it 's just Presbyterian . " Nevertheless , it 's a widespread saying among us . What this ritual interchange reveals is a larger habit of thinking about the more enjoyable things in life : They 're only on loan or acquired on credit , and sooner or later the date when they must be paid for will roll around . It 's pay-up time . Or payback time , supposing that you have n't paid up . In any case , the time when whatever is on one side of the balance is weighed against whatever is on the other side -- whether it 's your heart , your soul or your debts -- and the final reckoning is made . The financial world has recently been shaken as a result of the collapse of a debt pyramid involving something called "  subprime mortgages " -- a pyramid scheme that most people do n't grasp very well , but that boils down to the fact that some large financial institutions peddled mortgages to people who could not possibly pay the monthly rates and then put this snake-oil debt into cardboard boxes with impressive labels on them and sold them to institutions and hedge funds that thought they were worth something . A friend of mine from the United States writes : "  I used to have three banks and a mortgage company . Bank number one bought the other two and is now trying hard to buy the mortgage company , which is bankrupt , only it was revealed this morning that the last bank standing is also in serious trouble . "  Now they are trying to renegotiate with the mortgage company . Question One : If your company is going broke , why would you want to buy a company whose insolvency is front-page news ? Question Two : If all the lenders go broke , will the borrowers get off the hook ? "  You ca n't imagine the chagrin of the credit-loving American . I gather that whole neighborhoods in the Midwest look like neighborhoods in my hometown , empty houses with knee-high grass and vines growing over them and no one willing to admit they actually own the place . Down we go , about to reap what we sow . " Which has a nice biblical ring to it , but still we scratch our heads . How and why did this happen ? The answer I hear quite often -- "  greed " -- may be accurate enough , but it does n't go very far toward unveiling the deeper mysteries of the process . What is this "  debt " by which we 're so bedeviled ? Like air , it 's all around us , but we never think about it unless something goes wrong with the supply . Certainly it 's a thing we 've come to feel is indispensable to our collective buoyancy . In good times we float around on it as if on a helium-filled balloon ; we rise higher and higher , and the balloon gets bigger and bigger , until -- poof ! -- some killjoy sticks a pin into it and we sink . But what is the nature of that pin ? Another friend of mine used to maintain that airplanes stayed up in the air only because people believed -- against reason -- that they could fly : Without that collective delusion sustaining them , they would instantly plummet to earth . Is "  debt " similar ? In other words , perhaps debt exists because we imagine it . Another part of the human imaginative debt/credit structure has to do with payback time -- the time when you have to pay the debt back , or else suffer the consequences . All major religions have extended this structure to the afterlife , where , if you have n't righted the moral balances on earth , you must do so after death . There are no clocks in heaven . Nor are there any in hell . In both , everything is always now . Or so goes the rumor . In heaven , there are no debts -- all have been paid , one way or another -- but in hell there 's nothing but debts , and a great deal of payment is exacted , though you ca n't ever get all paid up . You have to pay , and pay , and keep on paying . Hell is like an infernal maxed-out credit card that multiplies the charges endlessly . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Margaret Atwood : Rules of fair dealing were violated in the growth of debt We have to restore trust so people are willing to put their money in banks , she says Atwood : Debt is like air ; we do n't notice it until it disappears In heaven , there are no debts , while hell is nothing but debts , Atwood says
Copenhagen  CNN  -LSB- Breaking news update at 1:17 a.m. ET -RSB- Danish police shot and killed a man early Sunday after he fired at them in the capital of Copenhagen , a journalist for TV2 reported Sunday . Police said the man 's address was under observation and are investigating whether he was linked to earlier attacks , according to journalist Astrid Sondberg . No officers were injured in the shootout . -LSB- Previous story , published at 10:51 p.m. ET -RSB- CNN  -- Police in the Danish capital of Copenhagen were stopping cars and cordoning off sections of the city Sunday morning after two shootings within hours of each other left two people dead and five wounded . It was unclear whether the shootings were connected , police said . No one has been arrested and police are working as if there might be more than one gunman . Officers were searching taxis and private cars , having the drivers open their vehicle trunks as the city was on high alert , Astrid Sondberg , a reporter for TV2 in Denmark , reported . A police spokesman said there is no ban on civilians moving around , but they should respect police roadblocks . The second incident took place about 10 hours after a deadly terror attack . In the latest incident , shots were fired near a synagogue when a person approached two police officers and began shooting . Another person was shot and later died , and the police officers were wounded -- one in an arm , the other in a leg , police said . Their injuries were n't life-threatening . Police earlier said the gunman ran from the scene . The shooter was a man dressed in a light gray jacket , black pants and black shoes . The jacket was different from the one believed to have worn by a possible suspect in the first shooting . Earlier , a gunman stormed a cafe where controversial cartoonist Lars Vilks and his supporters had gathered for a free speech forum , killing a man and wounding three police officers before fleeing , police said . Helle Merete Brix -- founder of the Lars Vilks Committee , created two years ago in support of the Swedish cartoonist whose portrayals of the Prophet Mohammed angered many in the Muslim world -- told CNN that security personnel on site moved her and others to safe areas after shots rang out . She and Vilks ended up in a storage room together , holding hands , until police told them it was OK to come out . "  We have never taken any chances , " Brix said , referring to the heavy security from police , Danish intelligence services and Vilks ' own security guards at this and other committee events . "  What we have so much been frightened would happen happened . " Why Islam forbids images of Mohammed After the attack , what appeared to be the man , dressed in dark clothes , carjacked a civilian 's dark Volkswagen Polo and drove away , Danish police said . That vehicle was found between two train stations . The gunman remained at large Saturday night . Police initially had said there were two shooters in the first incident . The discrepancy was caused by chaos in the aftermath of the incident , Copenhagen police spokesman Steen Hansen said . The 55-year-old man who was killed has n't been identified . Nor have authorities identified the three wounded law enforcement officers -- two with Danish intelligence and one police officer -- though investigator Joergen Skov did say none of them suffered serious injuries . Given Islamist extremists ' documented threats against Vilks and their willingness to act on similar threats -- as proven last month in France -- Danish Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt said , "  Everything points to ... the shooting in Oesterbro  being  a political assassination and therefore a terror attack . " Thorning-Schmidt vowed that "  all resources will be used to find  those responsible  and bring them before a judge " for an attack she said filled her "  with deep anger . " "  We have some difficult days ahead , " the Prime Minister said . " ... But in Denmark , we will never bow to violence . " About 30 people -- including Vilks and French Ambassador to Denmark Francois Zimeray , who tweeted later that he is "  still alive in the room " -- went through airport-level security to get into Saturday 's event at the building located in what Brix described as a "  very peaceful area " of the Danish capital . But it did n't last long , with noise erupting just a few minutes in . Dennis Meyhoff Brink , a satire researcher and Danish university professor , said he heard about 30 shots at about 3:30 p.m.  9:30 a.m. ET  , as well as someone yelling in a foreign language . "  Everybody , of course , panicked in the room and tried to run , " Brink told CNN . " ... We were just hiding ... and hoping for the best . " The attacker made it just inside the building but apparently got no farther , said Brix , a journalist and literary critic . She recalled how one man there "  acted very quickly and courageously " by pushing a woman down to the ground , then putting himself on top of her so she would n't get shot . Bodyguards returned fire , the Copenhagen police official said . At one point , two people came running into the meeting room -- one of them bleeding from the leg , after having apparently been shot -- to "  tell us to calm down , " Brink said . Sirens could be heard 10 to 15 minutes after the shots , at which point Brink said "  we started to feel more safe . " The discussion on free speech even resumed , though eventually all those at the event were bused to a local police station . Copenhagen police later tweeted a picture of the suspect , covered up and dressed in dark clothes , wanted in connection with the attack . "  We are investigating this as a terror attack , " said Skov , the police official , noting that authorities are taking into account that both the French ambassador and Vilks attended Saturday 's event . "  There is an extremely large presence of police in Copenhagen right now . " Danes in Copenhagen and beyond quickly got support from around the world , including from the mayor of Paris -- who just more than a month ago lived this same nightmare during the massacre at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in her city . "  In the name of Parisians , " Mayor Anne Hidalgo tweeted , "  I express my full support . " Like Charlie Hebdo editor Stephane "  Charb " Charbonnier , Vilks was one of nine faces on a "  Most Wanted " graphic published by al Qaeda 's Inspire magazine for "  crimes against Islam . " Others include a pair of Danish journalists who published 12 cartoons depicting Mohammed in the Jyllands-Posten newspaper ; Florida pastor Terry Jones , who burned a Quran ; and "  Satanic Verses " author Salman Rushdie . Because of that , Brix said , "  there 's no doubt " the Copenhagen event was targeted because of Vilks , who has "  not been able to live a normal life " for years , according to the committee . "  This is ... why we set up the committee : to support Mr. Vilks and support his right to freedom of speech , " Brix said . Vilks became a target after his 2007 cartoon depicting Mohammed with the body of a dog -- an animal that conservative Muslims consider unclean . In a CNN interview later that year from his home in rural Sweden , Vilks said the drawing was calculated to elicit a reaction . "  It should be possible to insult all religions in a democratic way , " he said then . "  If you insult one  religion  , then you should insult the other ones . " CNN 's Susanne Gargiulo reported from Copenhagen . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Steve Almasy wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Kim Norgaard , Margot Haddad , Pierre Meilhan , Paul P. Murphy and Lucy Pawle contributed to this report .	Cartoonist on al Qaeda 's "  Most Wanted " list was at Copenhagen event that was site of first shooting Danish police say gunman carjacked a civilian 's car after first shooting , then abandoned it
Paris  CNN  -- Questions were raised Friday over the training of the pilots on the doomed Air France Flight 447 , after analysis of the plane 's voice and data recorders by a French investigation body . The recorders from the plane , which plunged into the Atlantic Ocean in June 2009 on its way from Brazil to France with the loss of 228 passengers and crew , were recovered in May , after almost two years on the sea bed . The data they provided has shed new light on the final minutes of the flight , France 's Bureau of Investigation and Analysis , the BEA , said as it issued its third report . The crisis arose after a problem involving blocked pitot tubes -- devices that measure a plane 's air speed -- which led to the disconnection of the autopilot , it said . The recorders revealed the pilots had failed to discuss repeated stall warnings and "  had received no high altitude training " to deal with the situation , the BEA said . The pilots got conflicting air speed readings in the minutes leading up to the crash and , after the stall , responded by pointing the nose upward , rather than downward , to recover . They failed to regain control of the aircraft and no announcement was made to the passengers before it plummeted from the sky . The descent from 38,000 feet took 3 minutes and 30 seconds . Air France defended the pilots ' performance , saying there was "  no reason to question the crew 's technical skills " in the face of "  multiple improbable factors . " But an aviation expert questioned why the pilots did not correct the stall . "  Dealing with a stall situation is a fundamental part of being a pilot -- if you take private flying lessons , it is one of the things they teach you within the first few hours , " said David Kaminiski-Morrow , an editor at Flight Global . "  Nobody seems to understand yet why they could n't get out of the stall , why the pilots were unable to apply what -- in hindsight -- seems to be a fairly straightforward procedure , " he said . The BEA issued 10 new safety recommendations , including ensuring extra training for pilots on manual handling of a high-altitude stall , such as that experienced by AF 447 , and asking regulatory authorities to require airlines to equip planes with an image recorder to show what is displayed on the pilots ' whole instrument panel . The BEA also recommends that the triggering of location transmitters and a video recorder should be mandatory when an emergency is detected on board an aircraft . CNN 's aviation correspondent Richard Quest said the report "  shows that the original incident -- the blocked pitot tubes and failed speed sensor -- was serious but not catastrophic . " "  It should have been relatively straightforward to deal with for an experienced flight crew . However , it was the response of the pilots which ultimately doomed the aircraft , " he said . "  By focusing the attention on the way the cockpit crew handled the emergency , the BEA is recommending further training for pilots in dealing with high-altitude crises . "  Sources in the industry tell me that this incident , among others , is leading to a rethink and renewed emphasis on piloting skills . " Kaminiski-Morrow said modern-day planes are capable of flying themselves most of the time , which means pilots have to be capable computer managers . "  The danger of this is that when things start going wrong , is the pilot still in the loop ? " Kaminiski-Morrow said . "  The computer might recognize what 's wrong , but if the pilot does n't , how will he get out of it ? French Transport Minister Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet told French radio network RTL that the BEA was responsible for establishing "  the facts " and that it would be the courts ' role to assign any blame . Air France and Airbus are being investigated for alleged involuntary manslaughter over the crash . In its response to the report , Air France said the two co-pilots and the captain "  showed an unfailing professional attitude , remaining committed to their task to the very end . Air France pays tribute to the courage and determination they showed in such extreme conditions . " It went on : "  From the flight recorder data , it has been established that the combination of multiple improbable factors led to the disaster in less than four minutes : the icing of the pitot probes was the initial event that led to the disconnection of the autopilot , the loss of associated piloting control protections and considerable roll movements . "  After the manoeuvres carried out by the crew in deteriorated and destabilizing piloting conditions , the aircraft stalled at high altitude , could not be recovered and struck the surface of the Atlantic Ocean at high speed . " All 228 people aboard the Airbus A330 Flight 447 from Rio de Janeiro to Paris were killed in the crash . The bulk of the wreckage was found earlier this year after a search by robot submarines of an underwater mountain range . More than 150 bodies have been brought up from the scene of the crash , but more than 70 will never be recovered . CNN 's Jim Bitterman and Bryony Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : An aviation expert wonders why the pilots were not able to deal with the stall The French report follows an analysis of data from the plane 's recorders Air France says there is no reason to question the abilities of its crew The recorders were retrieved from the Atlantic Ocean almost two years after the crash
CNN  -- Former NBA star Dennis Rodman arrived in North Korea on Thursday , the country 's state-run media reported . Rodman was there for his latest round of controversial "  basketball diplomacy " in a country ruled by one of the world 's most repressive regimes . The former player and a documentary crew were scheduled to spend four days helping to train a team of North Korean basketball players for a January exhibition in Pyongyang . That January 8 exhibition -- said to be against a yet-unannounced team of former NBA players -- will celebrate the birthday of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un , whom Rodman has called a friend and a "  very good guy " despite international condemnation of the country 's human rights records . Rodman 's trip -- sponsored by the online betting company Paddy Power -- is the 52-year-old 's third to North Korea . North Korea : Reality vs. the world according to Dennis Rodman Rodman said he struck up a friendship with Kim , a basketball fan , during Rodman 's first trip in February . After the two men sat next to each other watching a basketball exhibition in North Korea 's capital , Rodman told Kim that "  you have a friend for life . " Rory Scott , a Paddy Power spokesman , said earlier this month that December 's trip is nonpolitical , but is intended "  to prove once again that sport has the power to rise above all issues . " It 's not clear whether Rodman will meet with Kim on the basketball training visit . The trip comes at a time of political turmoil in the secretive nuclear-armed nation , ongoing tensions between North Korea and the United States and outcries over North Korea 's human rights record . Tensions in the region were ratcheted up as North Korea carried out a long-range rocket launch a year ago and an underground nuclear test , its third so far , in February . The U.N. sanctions that followed were met by a barrage of threatening rhetoric from Pyongyang . Rodman was criticized for his first trip in part because it came during this period , in which North Korea was threatening missile strikes on the United States , South Korea and Japan . The situation has calmed since . But in a sign of internal political upheaval , North Korea announced last week that the regime had executed Kim 's uncle , Jang Song Thaek , who had been regarded as the country 's second-most powerful figure . North Korea 's official news agency accused him of trying to overthrow the state . Rodman is "  really important " to the North Korean regime , said North Korea expert and Forbes.com columnist Gordon Chang . "  Got to remember that Kim Jong Un needs to show that his regime , his government , is united , which it is n't , " said Chang , author of "  Nuclear Showdown : North Korea Takes On the World . " "  With Dennis Rodman , we 're going to see a lot of made-for-television events . Everybody 's going to be smiling , everything will appear normal , and this will bolster the regime , " Chang told "  CNN Newsroom " on Wednesday . ` It is not my job to talk about ' detained American The United States has other points of contention with North Korea , including the detention of Korean-American Kenneth Bae . Bae , arrested in North Korea in November 2012 , was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor after he was found guilty of "  hostile acts " and attempts to topple the government through religious activities . U.S. officials have repeatedly called on North Korean officials to release Bae , widely reported to be a Christian missionary , on humanitarian grounds . His family has said he suffers from chronic health conditions that require doctors ' care . Earlier this year , Rodman made no secret about his desire to help Bae . He tweeted that he wanted Kim to "  do him a solid " by freeing the American prisoner . But after his second trip to see Kim in September , Rodman told reporters that it was "  not my job to talk about Kenneth Bae . " "  Ask Obama about that , ask Hillary Clinton about that , " Rodman said . "  Ask those -- holes . " Bae 's sister , Terri Chung , told CNN on Wednesday that she wants Rodman to press for her brother 's freedom . "  I would certainly hope and plead with Mr. Rodman to reconsider and ... make the case " for Bae 's freedom , she said . Rodman , the tattooed and pierced NBA retiree , has emphasized that he 's not an official diplomat between the United States and North Korea . "  It 's about trying to open Obama 's and everyone 's minds , " he said in September while announcing the January exhibition , aiming some of his remarks at the U.S. President . "  You do n't have to talk about politics . ... Meet him or even give him a call . That 's all he wants . " Paddy Power has said Rodman 's team of former NBA players would be announced sometime this month . North Korea frees U.S. veteran CNN 's Steve Forrest , Holly Yan , Jethro Mullen , Josh Levs and Brooke Baldwin contributed to this report .	Dennis Rodman to help prepare North Korean basketball players for an upcoming exhibition Rodman is important to North Korea 's attempts to project unity , columnist Gordon Chang says Sister of Kenneth Bae calls on Rodman to press for detainee 's release
CNN  -- The current rift between Israel and the Obama administration over the terms of a cease-fire in Gaza is empowering hard-liners in the Israeli government and in Hamas who do n't want to end the fighting . In recent days , the Israeli media has been full of personal attacks on U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry over a draft cease-fire document he transmitted last weekend . The State Department says what it sent was a "  clearly labeled confidential draft of ideas , sent in order to get Israeli comments , as part of an effort closely coordinated with the Israelis to explore a possible basis for a cease-fire . " It was never intended to be an outright proposal demanding a yes or no answer from Israel . So administration officials were understandably shocked when Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu convened an emergency meeting of his Security Cabinet , which voted unanimously to reject the document -- and it was quickly leaked to the Israeli media , promoting a firestorm of invective against Kerry . Although we do n't know , and probably will never know , who leaked this confidential document , it is clear that this dispute serves the interests of those within the Israeli Cabinet who want to expand the military operation , possibly to encompass a temporary reoccupation of all of Gaza so Israel can destroy the Hamas military infrastructure and kill or capture its leaders and as many of its fighters as possible . Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman is among those advocating that Israel "  go all the way " by reoccupying all of Gaza . Some former generals are supporting him . But Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon oppose this idea , which some analysts believe could take several months and cost hundreds of Israeli and thousands of Palestinian lives with no certainty of ultimate success . Still , in recent days , Netanyahu and other Israeli leaders have started speaking of demilitarizing Hamas as one of their demands to end the fighting . Kerry and President Obama have endorsed this idea as a long-term goal . But in the short-term , it is impractical without totally defeating Hamas -- and that 's not going to happen . The rift between the Obama administration and the Israeli government must be healed as soon as possible to prevent this war from escalating even further . Israel has the right to demolish the tunnels it has discovered that lead under the Israeli border and threaten villages and civilians . The Kerry cease-fire agreement would have allowed them to continue that work . But beyond that , responsible leaders in both countries must acknowledge there is no military solution to this conflict and that Palestinian civilians , who have been cynically exploited by Hamas , are suffering unendurable losses . The Israeli government has a vital interest in supporting Kerry 's efforts to get massive humanitarian aid into Gaza and also fostering longer-term projects to spur economic development there . In the middle of a war , it is natural to want one 's own side to strike a shattering blow from which the enemy can not quickly or easily recover . But Israel needs to offer the people of Gaza some hope . People without hope have nothing to lose . They are the wellspring of support for Hamas and even more extreme groups . Netanyahu may not have wanted this war and has probably been dragged in deeper than he anticipated . He tried to avoid a ground operation and delayed it as long as he could . He accepted a cease-fire agreement that Hamas rejected . But history is rich with examples of conflicts that escalated far beyond the intentions of those who launched them . It happened exactly 100 years ago in August 1914 . It happened to the United States in 2003 when it invaded Iraq . It also happened to Israel when it invaded Lebanon in 1982 . Israel should pay heed and , with U.S. and international help , avoid at all costs going down that same disastrous road once again .	Alan Elsner : Israel-U.S. rift over Secretary Kerry 's cease-fire plan empowers hard-liners Elsner : State Department said plan was an early , confidential draft of ideas . But it was leaked Elsner : Dispute serves Israelis who want to reoccupy Gaza , militant Hamas fighters Elsner : Netanyahu 's war might be escalating far beyond what he intended
Washington  CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie opted for a special election to fill a newly vacant Senate seat through 2014 instead of appointing a replacement through that time , saying the decision was about giving voters "  a choice and a voice in the process " and was not driven by political self-interest . While the Republican 's decision for a special October ballot could help him avoid stronger Democratic turnout in his re-election bid a month later , it also opens him up to criticism from his own party that is on the short end of the balance of power in the Senate . Christie explained his decision one day after the Garden State 's senior senator , Frank Lautenberg , a liberal Democrat , died at 89 after an illness . Christie said he would name a placeholder as soon as possible to fill the seat until the October election . Opinion : The last ` swamp dog ' Democrats immediately slammed the move , asserting that Christie is wasting taxpayer money to protect his ambitions . National Republicans were n't critical but they did n't praise the governor , either . Christie announced that Democratic and Republican primary elections will be held on August 13 with the general election on October 16 . The winner of the special election will serve out the final year of Lautenberg 's term , and an election for a full six-year term will occur the following November . Christie sets October special election to replace Lautenberg Voters should have say While Christie said state law allowed him to name a replacement for the remaining year-and-a-half of Lautenberg 's term , he believes an appointment over that period of time was not suitable or fair . "  The issues facing the United States Senate are too critically important and the decisions that need to be dealt with too vital not too have an elected representative making those decisions who was voted on and decided on by the people of this state . These decisions should be made by an elected official who represents the will of voters of New Jersey , " Christie said . The expense of an election is also an issue during an era of belt tightening . The New Jersey Office of Legislative Services , an administrative wing of the Democrat-controlled state Legislature , estimates it will cost $ 12 million to state taxpayers to conduct a primary and another $ 12 million for a general election . Analysis : Christie helps himself New Jersey is already voting in a general election on November 5 , when Christie is bidding for a second term . So some ask why does n't he save $ 12 million and schedule a special general election a few weeks later ? Christie said state law only permits the option of an October special election or an election in 2014 . Christie said "  there 's no political purpose " behind his decision on the election date . But polls show that he has a 2-1 advantage over state Sen. Barbara Buono , his Democratic challenger . And putting a special Senate election on the same day in November would most likely increase Democratic turnout , especially if Newark Mayor Cory Booker is on the ballot . Booker was considering his own run for Senate in 2014 . By placing the special Senate election in October , Christie avoids Democratic turnout tied to this issue possibly becoming a problem for him . Democrats unhappy National Democrats quickly blasted the decision . "  Governor Christie might not know or care how many millions of taxpayer dollars his special election gambit will waste , but the people of New Jersey certainly do . Christie should do the right thing , protect New Jersey taxpayer dollars instead of his own political career , and hold the Senate election on the same day as his own , " Democratic Governors Association Executive Director Colm O'Comartun , said in a statement . Christie said that the costs associated with special primary and general elections "  can not be measured " against the value of an elected senator "  when so many consequential issues are being debated and determined this year . " State Democrats had threatened legal action if Christie pushed the election back to November 2014 , but Christie 's not sure if his decision averts a legal challenge , adding , "  In New Jersey , people sue over everything . " Opinion : The last ` swamp dog ' Christie said he has yet to decide on a placeholder . But he said he has a list in his head and that he 'll make a determination relatively soon . "  I 'm looking for a person who 's going to be a good United States senator , " he said . The outspoken governor also said it would n't be fair to appoint a GOP placeholder to serve out the remainder of the late Democratic senator 's term . "  I understand the political advantage that would come to me if I was the person , the sole person , to decide who would be in the Senate representing New Jersey for 18 months , but I just did not feel comfortable doing that , " he said . Christie did n't say at the news conference whether the placeholder will be allowed to run in the special election , but a source close to the governor told CNN , "  Legally the appointee could run if he or she wanted to , but would have to go through the election process . " Republicans not praising Christie National Republicans were n't criticizing Christie 's decision , but they were n't praising it , either . "  I am sure the governor exercised whatever option he had in the best interest of his state and I wo n't question the path that he has chosen , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said . Christie 's decision could complicate his already-strained relationship with national conservatives , which could spell trouble if he decides to run for president in 2016 . "  I was disappointed he did n't pick a Republican to fill out the rest of the term , but not surprised , " said Katon Dawson , the former Chairman of the South Carolina Republican Party . "  Chris Christie has always done what 's best for Chris Christie in New Jersey , " added Dawson , whose state is traditionally one of the first to cast ballots in the presidential primary process . Many on the right are still upset with Christie 's praise of President Barack Obama personally and the federal response in the wake of Superstorm Sandy , just days before last November 's presidential election . Republican : ` Debilitating stupidity ' While Christie 's approval rating in New Jersey soared after Sandy and has remained high , some commentators in his own party blasted him for his praise of Obama , saying it contributed to the defeat of GOP nominee Mitt Romney . And Democrats were quick to point that out . "  Republicans have not won a Senate race in New Jersey in more than 40 years . Their only shot was an appointee who had a year and a half to establish themselves before an election in 2014 , " Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee Deputy Executive Director Matt Canter said . "  With this news , I assume operatives at the NRSC are busy planning Christie 's defeat in Iowa and New Hampshire right now . " Meanwhile , the rival National Republican Senatorial Committee pointed toward what could be a divisive Democratic primary . "  Democrats will now face an ugly primary sprint between Cory Booker , Rob Andrews and Frank Pallone -- all with substantial war chests and a healthy dislike for each other , " NRSC spokesman Brad Dayspring said . "  Corey Booker did not want to have to wrap this up in two months . " Democratic Congressman Rush Holt may also make a bid for the Senate seat . CNN Senate Producer Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Christie had decision to make about filling unexpired term of late Sen. Lautenberg New Jersey will hold special election in October Decision avoids possibility of Democratic turnout boost when Christie on ballot in November Christie says his decision is not political , says he wants what is best for state , voters
CNN  -- Britain on Saturday demanded the release of Gilad Shalit as the Israeli soldier marked his 24th birthday in Hamas ' captivity . "  The thoughts of many in Britain are with Gilad Shalit and his family , " the Foreign Office said . "  His detention is unjustifiable and unacceptable . The British Government demands his immediate and unconditional release . " Shalit has been held captive since June 25 , 2006 , when Palestinian militants from Gaza captured him . The militants had tunneled into Israel and attacked an Israeli army outpost near the Gaza-Israel-Egypt border , killing two soldiers in the assault . Israel immediately launched a military incursion into Gaza to rescue Shalit , then 19 , but failed to free him . Since being imprisoned by Hamas , Shalit has not been allowed any contact with the outside world , nor any visits by the Red Cross . Details of his incarceration and physical condition remain unknown . In October 2009 , Hamas released a tape of Shalit as a proof of life , in which he urged the Israeli government to do more for his safe release . Shalit 's family has been working to free the soldier and ramped up their efforts during the current holy month of Ramadan . Noam Shalit , the soldier 's father , recently appealed directly to Palestinians in Gaza to put pressure on their Hamas leadership for a prisoner swap during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , which ends September 9 . The father has repeated his stance that the Israeli government should release 1,000 prisoners , including 450 whose release Hamas has demanded in exchange for his son . He has been holding a vigil outside the home of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu since early July , when he led a march to his doorstep to support a prisoner exchange as a way to release his son . This Ramadan is different than the previous four , Shalit said , because there is now a deal that was put on the table at the beginning of the year by a German mediator . "  If the two sides of the conflict show some flexibility , it will be possible to make an agreement , " Shalit said . Such an agreement , Shalit said , would benefit thousands of Palestinian families who would have their fathers and sons back to celebrate the festival of Ramadan . "  I would welcome any release of Palestinian prisoners , but I would welcome the release of one Israeli prisoner , " said the emotional Shalit , raising a solitary finger . The issue of Shalit came up after British Prime Minister David Cameron issued tough talk about the Palestinian territory of Gaza during a visit to Turkey , comments seen as criticism of Israel . "  Let me also be clear that the situation in Gaza has to change . Humanitarian goods and people must flow in both directions . Gaza can not and must not be allowed to remain a prison camp , " Cameron said . He also referred to the territory as a "  prison camp . " Residents of Gaza say they have suffered greatly under an Israeli goods blockade implemented since Hamas took control of the territory after elections in 2006 . But Israel says its tough measures are necessary to stop weapons from reaching Hamas militants intent on destroying Israel . Ron Prosor , Israel 's ambassador to Britain , reacted quickly to the prime minister 's remark , saying that Hamas is responsible for the misery in Gaza and raised the issue of Shalit 's captivity . "  We know that the prime minister would also share our grave concerns about our own prisoner in the Gaza Strip , Gilad Shalit , who has been held hostage there for over four years , without receiving a single Red Cross visit , " Prosor said .	Shalit has been held captive since June 2006 He 's had no contact with the Red Cross His father is urging a prisoner swap
The editor of a Mexican newspaper was found dead , her body decapitated and with a note next to it , officials said . Maria Elizabeth Macias Castro , 39 , was the editor in chief of the newspaper , Primera Hora . Her body was found Saturday morning , according to the attorney general 's office in the northern Tamaulipas state . A message "  attributed to a criminal group " was found next to her , the office said . "  The state government expresses its deepest condolences to the relatives and loved ones affected by these lamentable acts , " the office said , adding that it is investigating . Earlier this month , attackers left ominous threats mentioning two websites on signs beside mutilated bodies in northern Mexico . A woman was hogtied and disemboweled . Attackers left her topless , dangling by her feet and hands from a bridge in the border city of Nuevo Laredo . A bloodied man next to her was hanging by his hands , his right shoulder severed so deeply the bone was visible . Signs left near the bodies declared the pair , both apparently in their 20s , were killed for posting denouncements of drug cartel activities .	Castro was the editor in chief of the Primera Hora newspaper Earlier this month , attackers left threats next to two other bodies Attorney general 's office calls the deaths "  lamentable acts "
CNN  -- They share the same surname -- Djokovic -- but for now at least , that is where the similarity ends . Novak is at the pinnacle of his sport and was the center of attention in Dubai after completing in his first victory since winning the Australian Open in January . At 20 , Marko is four years younger , and 868 places further down the rankings -- and on Monday he slumped to an opening-round defeat in front of his elder sibling . Djokovic senior was on hand to watch his brother 's elimination , at the hands of Russian qualifier Andrey Golubev , but says that Marko can make his mark in the upper echelons of the game . Del Potro too strong for Llodra in Marseille final "  He has to face the pressure of having the Djokovic surname , " Novak said in quotes carried by AFP . "  He 's trying to fight with his mind more than with his game . When he is able to focus on that and not on his doubts he can become a world-class player . " He admitted it was tough to watch Marko 's 6-3 6-2 reverse . "  It was difficult for me to sit courtside , " he said . "  I have not done it too much . "  At least when I 'm playing I know what 's going on . But I was happy my brother got a wild card . He is not at his level yet , but he 's getting there . " As for Marko , he said there were plenty of positives and negatives to being the brother of the world 's No. 1 player . "  Financially , you know , I have all I need and can get the coaches and the right practice environment . But everybody expects you to be like your brother , which is really tough to achieve . "  Sometimes I have an advantage because maybe opponents get scared . But others think , ` He 's Novak 's brother , so I must beat him . ' And that can be tough . " Novak had no such trouble in negotiating his opening round test , defeating German Cedrik-Marcel Stebe 6-4 6-2 in his first outing since securing his fifth grand slam crown in Melbourne . He has won four straight titles in Dubai and will face either Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky or Omar Awadhy , from the United Arab Emirates , in round two . Elsewhere , world No. 8 Mardy Fish made light work of Andreas Beck , beating his German opponent 6-1 6-1 . Fish will play Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny or Frenchman Richard Gasquet next .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic and younger brother Marko in action at the Dubai Open Novak wins in straight sets in first match since his Australian Open win in January Djokovic watches brother Marko lose in first round clash before his own match World No. 8 Mardy Fish into second round with a 6-1 6-1 victory over Andreas Beck
CNN  -- A 35-year-old Florida blasting inspector is presumed dead after the ground at a mine collapsed Thursday , sending him plummeting into a lime rock pit , police said . Kenneth James Stephens Jr. was working as a supervising contractor at Austin Powder Company as it detonated ammonia nitrate at the Mid Coast Aggregates mine in Webster , Florida , Sumter County Sheriff 's Office Lt. Bobby Caruthers said by e-mail . After the controlled explosion , the earth collapsed beneath Stephens when he was about 30 feet from the blast site . He fell into a water-filled pit about 100 yards across , Caruthers said . Alerted shortly after noon , police arrived and initially saw no sign of the victim at the surface , nor did a police helicopter surveying the area from above . A crane lowered a pontoon , containing a dive team , into the pit to look for Stephens -- though , as of 6:30 p.m. , his body had not been located . Recovery personnel have begun the next step in their effort , building a berm , likely out of limestone , to seal off the area where Stephens fell from the rest of the pit . When that 's complete , they will pump out the water in hopes of finding the victim 's body . Representatives from the Occupational and Safety Health Administration and the Mining Safety and Health Administration are on site , Caruthers said . He added that Austin Powder claims it has never had an accident like this since being founded in 1833 , and that the sheriff 's office has never responded to such an incident at this mine . Stephens , a resident of Beverly Hills , Florida , had participated in more than 1,000 controlled blasts in his 11 years at the Austin Powder Company , said Caruthers .	NEW : Police have n't found a 35-year-old Florida man who fell into a lime pit NEW : The ground collapsed underneath veteran blasting inspector , police say Helicopter pilots and a dive team lowered into the pit have n't found him
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The FBI has hit a dead end in its search for a missing 3-year-old Arkansas boy and is asking the public for help . The FBI is hoping the public can help find 3-year-old Dominick Wesley Arceneaux . Dominick Wesley Arceneaux was last seen by an aunt Tuesday afternoon in the front yard of a mobile home in Chidester , in south-central Arkansas , authorities said . In a missing-person alert , the FBI described Dominick as 3 feet tall , weighing 38 pounds , with brown hair and eyes . Kimberly Brunell , a special agent with the FBI in Little Rock , said authorities have made "  an exhaustive search " of White Oak Lake , close to where the boy was last seen . National Guardsmen have also done a grid search covering a one-mile radius around the home , she said , and are currently expanding it to a two-mile radius . Investigators also have looked at registered sex offenders in the area , Brunell said . They have also found Dominick 's father , who lives in Baton Rouge , Louisiana . "  We have not ruled anyone out at this point , " she said . The investigation has included looking at patrons of a bar next to the mobile home where Dominick has lived with his mother since December , she said . "  There is not the normal traffic of just neighbors . " Brunell said investigators have run down every lead and are looking for new ones , including "  suspicious vehicles , suspicious persons ... anyone who might have a nugget that might lead us on our way to finding out what happened to him . " Anyone with more information is asked to call an FBI hot line , 1-800-CALL-FBI  1-800-225-5324  .	Dominick Arceneaux last seen by an aunt Tuesday in Chidester , Arkansas FBI says it has made an "  exhaustive search " of nearby White Oak Lake Investigators looking at sex offenders in area and have found boy 's father Special agent : "  We have not ruled anyone out at this point "
Editor 's note : Nafees A. Syed , a junior at Harvard University majoring in government , is an editorial editor at The Harvard Crimson as well as a senior editor and columnist for the Harvard-MIT journal on Islam and society , Ascent . She is chairwoman of the Harvard Institute of Politics Policy Group on Racial Profiling . Nafees Syed says President Obama 's early words and actions send a powerful , positive signal to Muslims . CAMBRIDGE , Massachusetts  CNN  -- President Obama has given the Muslim community around the world the message we have been waiting for . He reassured Muslims in America that "  We are a nation of Christians and Muslims , Jews and Hindus -- and nonbelievers . " For those like me who were critical of his standoffish attitude toward Islam during his campaign , this signaled a welcome change . Even more important was his subsequent statement : "  To the Muslim world , we seek a new way forward , based on mutual interest and mutual respect . " In traveling throughout Western Europe in the past two years , I heard several anti-American comments ; these Europeans were challenging me , a Muslim , about American foreign policy in Palestine , Iraq and Afghanistan . In Muslim countries , I 've heard admiring comments about how great it must be to live in a rich country like America , followed by accusations that , "  your President Bush does n't like us Muslims . " As a Muslim-American , I have found myself in a difficult position . In America , I 've had to explain Islam to other Americans , and abroad , I 've had to explain America to those in the Muslim world . Obama has done all Americans a favor by extending a hand of friendship to the Muslim world . For me personally , it has alleviated the pain of witnessing the country I love engage in a foreign policy that I could not approve of as a Muslim and as an American -- a foreign policy that created mutual distrust between Americans and Muslims . And Obama has followed up on his statements with actions . In his first steps as president , Obama has initiated the closure of the Guantanamo Bay prison , called for the withdrawal of U.S. troops in Iraq and appointed former Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell , well-respected for his role in the Northern Ireland peace process , as special envoy for the Middle East . For the past few weeks , I 've heard overwhelming praise from Muslims for Obama 's recent actions . Obama has recognized a key fact that former President George W. Bush did not : Muslims in America and elsewhere are strongly affected by the situation of other Muslims in the world . There is a popular saying of the Prophet Mohammed 's that the Muslim community is like one body : If one part hurts , the entire body feels the pain . Muslims are very aware of this message and , in the last 20 years , three conflicts have continuously dominated the Muslim consciousness : Chechnya , Kashmir and , most notably , Palestine . Obama recognized this when he chose his first interview as president to be with a reporter from Al-Arabiya , indicating he would actively engage Arab media . The Palestinian-Israeli issue dominated the interview , with Obama promising to work toward a solution involving both sides of the conflict . To understand the challenge Obama faces in changing America 's role in the conflict , one must realize the situation he walked into as president . Muslims around the world were watching the suffering of innocent Palestinian civilians in a Gaza military campaign conducted with a green light from the Bush administration . Obama is essentially trying to rebuild a relationship that has been destroyed . However , Obama 's tone of respect and not condescension , a clear break with the past , improves the chances that such a relationship could arise . His interview with Al-Arabiya was filled with reassuring statements that America is "  ready to initiate a new partnership based on mutual respect and mutual interest , " that "  the language we use has to be a language of respect . " After years of hearing rhetoric of "  a crusade " and "  Islamofascism " from the U.S. government , Obama 's policy of listening , not dictating , has generated optimism in the Muslim world . I am sure that the Muslim world will respond with goodwill as well . Already , Obama is very well-respected there for his intelligence , eloquence and experience living in the largest Muslim country , Indonesia . Muslims abroad are just as willing as those in America to taste his message of hope and change . To win over the skeptics abroad , Obama will just have to do what he is doing in America : reach out to all sides for solutions and follow up his words with concrete action . In the meantime , the next few weeks will see Muslims around the world taking the hand America is extending after a long hiatus . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nafees Syed .	Nafees Syed : Obama is reaching out to Muslim world with words , actions She says Muslims worldwide have a shared concern about key issues Syed : Obama 's interview with Al-Arabiya talked of respect and partnership She says Bush administration used harsh language of crusade , Islamofascism
CNN  -- Russian lawmakers could move to ban Americans from adopting children from the country -- which is one of the top sources of international adoptions to the United States . A bill to block adoption to the United States passed the State Duma , Russia 's lower house of parliament , on its first reading last week and it will be considered again Wednesday for a crucial second reading , according to Russia 's RIA Novosti news agency . This could affect hundreds of American families seeking to adopt Russian children . From 1999 to 2011 , 45,112 adoptions to the United States came from Russia , second to only China , according to the U.S. State Department statistics . However , the number of adoptions from Russia has waned in recent years after a peak in 2005 . United Russia , the majority party in the parliament backs the adoption ban , political leaders told Russian media . This move by Russian politicians is widely seen as retaliation to a recent law U.S. President Barack Obama signed on December 14 , called the Magnitsky Act . This imposes U.S. travel and financial restrictions on human rights abusers in Russia . The act is named after a Russian lawyer , Sergei Magnitsky who uncovered the largest tax fraud in the country 's history in form of rebates claimed by government officials who stole money from the state . After Magnitsky died in a Moscow detention center in 2009 , his name became the basis of Washington 's list of Russian officials who were involved in the tax fraud and in the deceased lawyer 's detention . Russian leaders have criticized the passage of the Magnitsky Act and wrote new legislation that would impose restrictions that include banning U.S. citizens who 've violated Russians ' rights , freezing their assets and ending adoptions to the United States . "  It is prohibited to transfer children who are citizens of the Russian Federation , for adoption to the citizens of the United States , and to conduct in the Russian Federation activities of organizations for the purpose of selection and placement of children who are citizens of the Russian Federation , for adoption to the citizens of the United States of America wishing to adopt these children , " the bill states . If the bill passes , it would nullify a pre-existing agreement between the United States and Russia , in which the countries agreed to additional safeguards to protect children and parties involved in intercountry adoptions . Backers of the bill say American adoptive parents have been abusive , citing 19 deaths of Russian children by their adoptive parents since the 1990s , according to local media . In 2010 , an American woman sent her adopted son back to Russia , claiming that the then-7-year-old boy had violent episodes that made the family fear for its safety . Fareed Zakaria contributed to this report .	Russia lawmakers consider a ban of Russian children adoptions to the U.S. In recent decade , adoptions from Russia came second to China Russian leaders are critical of new U.S. law that penalizes officials tied to lawyer 's death
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Viewer discretion advised . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- On January 22 , 2006 , the New York Times reported that all foreign journalists were being banned from Pakistan 's tribal areas , which has been called "  the most dangerous place in the world . " A week before that , the CIA fired missiles remotely from a Predator aircraft into the Waziristan tribal area . They were hoping to eradicate a bunch of al Qaeda operatives . Instead , they killed 18 women and children . One week before that , I arrived in Pakistan to visit Darra Adamkhel , the massive open-air market located deep in the tribal areas , where a frighteningly high percentage of Islamic holy warriors goes to buy their guns . Gaining access to the tribal areas was next to impossible . It took months of pre-planning with the consul general of Pakistan in Montreal and top officials in Peshawar . They repeatedly denied us entry because , according to them , the Pakistani Army had too many "  sensitive operations " going on in that region . Without my personal advantage  a family friendship with the governor of the Northwest Frontier Province  , we never would have gotten in . The government assigned me and my team a political agent named Naeem Afridi . He was born and raised in the tribal areas . He took care of us while we were there , and he was a godsend . You ca n't do anything in this part of the world without someone like Naeem . See more stories on VBS.TV Our driver stopped at a security point just outside the town center , where we were introduced to the Frontier Agency militia , six angry-dad-looking guys with AKs and sidearms . They became our personal bodyguards , and followed us through the tight warren of gun shops and factories , barren little brick rooms where upward of 1,000 guns are manufactured every day . Most of the work is done by hand . The vendors are Pashtuns , who are basically the toughest people in the world . They comprised the majority of the mujahideen who kicked the Soviets out of Afghanistan in the late '80s . These days , the town is rumored to be completely overrun by the Taliban . They purchase the guns , then cross the border to fight the U.S. army in Afghanistan , or they drive through the mountains to the south to fight the Pakistani army . This summer , I went back to Pakistan , and found that the fuse on this powder keg has become even shorter . The Pakistani army has surged more troops into the tribal areas , attempting to eradicate the Taliban and al Qaeda . The U.S. and British troops are attempting to do the same thing on the other side of the border in Afghanistan . Meanwhile , Pakistan itself has seen violence spread to its major urban centers , where extremists have been detonating bombs and taking over police stations . But at the same time , there is a cultural explosion taking place , a vibrant art scene and metal and rock bands popping up everywhere . The whole situation has become ultra charged by the fact that there are tons of news channels operating uncensored by the insanely corrupt government . For Pakistan , it 's a volatile , turbulent , and fascinating moment in time .	VBS.TV gains rare access to gun market in Pakistani tribal area Massive shop manufactures up to 1,000 guns a day , most by hand Area has been home base for the Taliban since the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan
CNN  -- Susie Wolff says she will keep fighting to win a place on the Formula One grid -- but she wo n't rely on her sexuality to get there . Wolff took a big step forward as she spent a full day testing a Williams F1 car at Silverstone . It was the first meaningful running by a female driver in 20 years . "  Some say I seem very reluctant to play the female card but ultimately a race team is only going to put the best driver they can in a race car , " said Wolff . "  It was important to show that I have the performance . I 'm really pleased . "  I 'm not going to say ` give me the -LSB- seat -RSB- right now because I 'm a girl and I was fast enough . ' I 've got to keep fighting hard . " The 30-year-old Scot , who started karting at the age of eight , completed 89 laps of the challenging British Grand Prix circuit . Wolff was the ninth fastest of 16 drivers running at Silverstone Friday . Her best lap of one minute 35.093 seconds was 2.199 seconds slower than the fastest time set over the three-day test by Red Bull 's world champion Sebastian Vettel . It is difficult to read into testing but to put Wolff 's time into context the leading Williams car was also just over two seconds slower than Vettel during qualifying at the last race in Germany . Wolff was watched late on in the test by her husband Toto Wolff , who is a minority shareholder in the Williams team and director of the Mercedes F1 team . Experienced Ferrari driver Felipe Massa , who was on track at the same time as Wolff , praised her impressive full track debut . "  She was pretty quick , " said the Brazilian . "  I was very happy for her when I saw her lap times . "  It would be good for a team to push Susie in driving at the races and it would be very interesting for everybody to have her in Formula 1 . " Wolff , who ended her career in the German Touring Car Championships -LSB- DTM  to join the Williams team as a development driver in 2012 , said her main aim was to earn the right to drive again for the team , not to earn acceptance in the male-dominated sport . "  For me it 's not about getting praise , it 's not about caring what the other drivers think , " she said . "  It 's most important that the team are happy because if they 're happy I 'm going to get more chances . "  Many people said they were crazy and why would they waste a day on me but they took that chance and I was happy that I could do a good job . "  I would n't be doing this if I did n't think this was possible and I believe in myself . "  After a tough end to my DTM career many people assumed I was always at the back and just was n't quick enough but I have showed that was possibly an unfair judgment . " F1 experts at Silverstone were impressed with Wolff 's debut and were pleased to see a positive performance by a female racer . Spaniard Maria de Villota , who was signed as a development driver by the Marussia team in 2012 , lost her right eye in an accident on her first run in the team 's race car . Of the five women to join F1 before Wolff and De Villota , only two have ever qualified to start a race . The most prolific of these was Italian Lella Lombardi , who started 12 grands prix in the 1970s . Lombardi made history while driving with March at the 1975 Spanish Grand Prix , becoming the only woman to register a point-scoring finish in a grand prix . Tire test The Silverstone test doubled up as an opportunity to evaluate new drivers and for many of the regular race drivers to trial the new Pirelli tires which will be introduced at the next grand prix in Hungary . F1 's sole tire supplier had been under pressure to find a safer solution after a series of tire blowouts wreaked havoc during June 's British round of the world championship . The new tires blend 2012 's more solid construction with this season 's softer compounds and , after three days of testing , both Pirelli and the drivers believe a safe compromise has been found . "  The consistency and safety of the tires is better , " said Massa . "  Nothing has happened here in terms of the punctures that we have seen and that is the most important thing . " Vettel added : "  We have had three days with different drivers in different cars and no failures . That 's good . " Pirelli expect the new tires will provide an "  interesting mix of race strategies " although many of the drivers at the Silverstone test are predicting the new rubber will mean fewer pit-stops are made during the race .	Susie Wolff makes full Formula One debut for Williams team at Silverstone test The 30-year-old is the first female to take part in a meaningful run in an F1 car in more than 20 years Wolff was three seconds off the pace of Sebastian Vettel 's leading lap time for Red Bull Drivers happy new Pirelli tires tested at Silverstone are safe
RollingStone.com  -- Bob Dylan describes "  Tempest , " his 35th studio album  out September 11th  , as a record where "  anything goes and you just got ta believe it will make sense . " But it is n't the record he set out to make . "  I wanted to make something more religious , " he says . "  I just did n't have enough -LSB- religious songs -RSB- . Intentionally , specifically religious songs is what I wanted to do . That takes a lot more concentration to pull that off 10 times with the same thread -- than it does with a record like I ended up with . " The "  anything goes " album he ended up with is full of big stories , big endings and transfixing effect . The disc was recorded in Jackson Browne 's studio in L.A. with Dylan 's touring band -- bassist Tony Garnier , drummer George G. Receli , steel guitarist Donnie Herron , and guitarists Charlie Sexton and Stu Kimball -- as well as David Hidalgo on guitar , violin and accordion . "  Tin Angel " is a devastating tale of a man in search of his lost love ; the doleful "  Soon After Midnight " seems to be about love  but maybe it 's revenge  ; the vengeful "  Pay in Blood " has Dylan darkly repeating , "  I pay in blood , but not my own . " Tenderness finally seals Tempest , in "  Roll On , John , " Dylan 's heartfelt tribute to his friend John Lennon . The title track is a nearly 14-minute depiction of the Titanic disaster . Numerous folk and gospel songs gave accounts of the event , including the Carter Family 's "  The Titanic , " which Dylan drew from . "  I was just fooling with that one night , " he says . "  I liked that melody -- I liked it a lot . ` Maybe I 'm gon na appropriate this melody . ' But where would I go with it ? " Elements of Dylan 's vision of the Titanic are familiar -- historical figures , the inescapable finality . But it 's not all grounded in fact : The ship 's decks are places of madness  "  Brother rose up against brother . They fought and slaughtered each other "  , and even Leonardo DiCaprio appears .  "  Yeah , Leo , " says Dylan . "  I do n't think the song would be the same without him . Or the movie . "  "  People are going to say , ` Well , it 's not very truthful , ' " says Dylan . "  But a songwriter does n't care about what 's truthful . What he cares about is what should 've happened , what could 've happened . That 's its own kind of truth . It 's like people who read Shakespeare plays , but they never see a Shakespeare play . I think they just use his name . " Dylan 's mention of Shakespeare raises a question . The playwright 's final work was called "  The Tempest , " and some have already asked : Is Dylan 's "  Tempest " intended as a last work by the now 71-year-old artist ? Dylan is dismissive of the suggestion . "  Shakespeare 's last play was called ` The Tempest . ' It was n't called just plain ` Tempest . ' The name of my record is just plain ` Tempest . ' It 's two different titles . " This story is from the August 16th , 2012 issue of Rolling Stone . See full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Tempest " is Bob Dylan 's 35th studio album The title track is a nearly 14-minute depiction of the Titanic disaster Numerous folk and gospel songs gave accounts of the event
At least 37 hostages died in the terrorist seizure of a natural gas facility in eastern Algeria and the subsequent special forces assaults on it , the country 's prime minister said Monday . Five other hostages are missing from the In Amenas complex and could be dead , Prime Minister Abdul Malek Sallal said . Read more : Power struggle : The North African gas industry targeted by militants Before Sallal 's statement , officials from other countries and companies that employed foreign workers at the sprawling plant had confirmed 29 hostage deaths . Seven of the 37 confirmed dead have n't been identified yet , according to the prime minister . Those who have been identified include seven Japanese , six Filipinos , three Americans , three Britons and one Algerian , officials from those countries said . Some 29 militants also died , while three were captured , Sallal said , according to the state-run Algerian Press Service . The standoff ended Saturday , after four days , when Algerian special forces stormed the complex for the second time . The government said it did so because the militants were planning to blow up the installation and flee to neighboring Mali with hostages . "  If it exploded , it could have killed and destroyed anything within 5 kilometers or further , " Sallal said . Read more : Bloody Algeria hostage crisis ends after ` final ' assault , officials say Militant says Mali unrest spurred assault ; others say it followed ample planning The crisis began Wednesday when Islamist extremists in pickup trucks struck the natural gas complex some 50 kilometers  30 miles  west of the Libyan border , gathered the Westerners who worked there into a group and tied them up . After taking over , the well-armed militants planted explosives throughout the complex , Sallal said . They came from eight countries : Algeria , Tunisia , Egypt , Mali , Niger , Canada and Mauritania . Algeria 's military talked with the militants , but their demands that prisoners in the North African nation be released were deemed unreasonable , according to the prime minister . The country 's special forces waged the assaults to free the hostages and were backed by the Algerian Air Force . Read more : Nations scramble to account for missing after Algeria hostage crisis At one point , the militants tried to flee the compound in vehicles that carried explosives and three or four hostages as human shields , Sallal said . At least two of the vehicles flipped and exploded during the attempt , he said . Sallal said the terrorists had entered the country from northern Mali , where Malian and French authorities are battling Islamist rebels . One-eyed veteran Islamist fighter Moktar Belmoktar has claimed responsibility for the hostage-taking on behalf of his al Qaeda-linked group , according to Mauritania 's Sahara Media news agency . Belmokhtar -- who was among 12 defendants , five like him still on the run , who were the subject of an Algerian court hearing Monday related to their terrorist involvement -- said the attack was in retaliation for Algeria allowing France to use its airspace to battle Islamist militants in Mali . But regional analysts believe the operation was too sophisticated to have been planned so quickly , and Sallal said the hostage scheme had been hatched over months . Algerian minister says gas plant will restart , foreign workers will return The targeted gas facility is run by Algeria 's state oil company , in cooperation with foreign firms such as Norway 's Statoil and Britain 's BP . Some 790 people worked there , including 134 foreign workers , Algeria 's prime minister said . Read more : Algerian forces seek ` peaceful ' settlement of dramatic , deadly hostage crisis British Prime Minister David Cameron said Monday the effort to evacuate workers is complete and that U.K. officials are now focused on bringing the bodies of slain British hostages back home . Cameron praised Algerian forces for their work in ending the crisis , despite concerns from some nations earlier that the Algerians had unnecessarily put hostages at greater risk . "  This would have been a most-demanding task for security forces anywhere in the world , and we should acknowledge the resolve shown by the Algerians in undertaking it , " the British leader said . "  The responsibility for these deaths lies squarely with the terrorists . " Such Islamist militant activity is not new to Africa , including recent violence in Mali and Somalia . Algeria 's status as Africa 's largest natural gas producer and a major supplier of the product to Europe heightens its importance to those who want to invest there . That interest is coupled with pressure to make sure foreign nationals , and their business ventures , are safe . Energy and Mining Minister Youcef Yousfi , who a day earlier insisted Algeria can keep its gas facilities secure without foreign forces ' help , said he believes the targeted gas facility will be back running "  in the shortest possible time " and that foreign workers will soon return . Several foreign companies , including Statoil and BP , evacuated their workers from Algeria after the incident . "  I do n't think that these workers have left definitively Algeria , " Yousfi told reporters , according to the Algerian Press Service . "  Maybe some left ... to reassure their families , but I want to ensure that no company or no worker permanently left the country . " Nations mourn dead , try to account for others Here is a breakdown on the status of hostages from around the world who were involved in the crisis : Colombia Colombia 's president said one of its citizens is presumed dead . France No known French hostages are unaccounted for , the defense ministry said . A man identified as Yann Desjeux died after telling French newspaper Sud Ouest that he and 34 other hostages were treated well . It was unclear what led to his death . Japan Japanese Vice Foreign Minister Minoru Kiuchi and officials from JGC , a Yokohama-based engineering firm , saw and identified the bodies of seven Japanese citizens killed in the crisis , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga announced late Monday . Three Japanese remain unaccounted for , according to Suga . Malaysia Three hostages were on their way back home , state media reported . There is a "  worrying possibility " that another is dead while a fifth is unaccounted for , the agency said . Read more : Algeria attack may have link to Libya camps Norway Five Norwegians are missing , while eight are safe , according to Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg . Philippines Six Filipinos are confirmed dead and four are missing , the nation 's foreign affairs ministry said . In addition , 16 Filipinos are alive and accounted for , according to a ministry spokesman . Romania One Romanian lost his life while four others were freed , the country 's foreign ministry said . United Kingdom Three British citizens were killed , the Foreign Office said Sunday . Three other British nationals and a UK resident are also "  believed dead , " according to British officials . The Foreign Office confirmed the name of one slain hostage , Garry Barlow , in a statement Monday . "  Garry was a loving , devoted family man , he loved life and lived it to the full . He was very much loved by myself , his sons , mother and sister and the rest of his family and friends and will be greatly missed , " the Foreign Office quoted his wife , Lorraine , as saying . Twenty-two other Britons who were taken hostage have safely returned home . United States U.S. State Department spokesman Victoria Nuland on Monday said three Americans had been killed and identified them as Victor Lynn Lovelady , Gordon Lee Rowan and Frederick Buttaccio , who had been previously identified . Seven U.S. citizens survived the crisis , added Nuland , who declined to comment further citing privacy considerations . Erin Lovelady described her father Victor , of Nederland , Texas , as a laid-back , understanding and loving man . "  I want people to understand how wonderful my dad was , and how great a dad he was , and how much he 's going to be missed by me and my mother and my brother , " Erin Lovelady told CNN affiliate KFDM , describing herself as "  daddy 's little girl . " Gwen Eckholm called Rowan -- her former neighbor in Mesa , Arizona , who recently moved to eastern Oregon -- a "  very intelligent , super-nice guy " who told her he felt safe working in Algeria . He said "  we 're in a compound in the middle of nowhere , and we 've got security , and I 'll be fine , " Eckholm told CNN affiliate KNXV . "  I guess you ca n't really be secure any place . " Read more : Algeria attack may have link to Libya camps	The daughter of a Texas man killed says he was a "  wonderful " father and person In addition to 37 confirmed dead , 5 hostages are unaccounted for , Algeria 's leader says 7 Japanese , 6 Filipinos , 3 Britons and 3 Americans are among those killed , officials say An Algerian official says the gas plant will reopen and foreign workers will return
The slaughter of dolphins has begun again in a small Japanese village , in a controversial annual hunt that pits Western environmentalist values against what locals say are traditional hunting practices . Taiji , a coastal town of 3,500 people in the Japanese prefecture of Wakayama , has a dolphin hunting season from September to March every year . Local fishermen are permitted by the Wakayama prefectural government to hunt an annual quota of nearly 2,000 dolphins and porpoises from seven different species , in accordance with what the government says is traditional practice . Most of the dolphins are killed for their meat , but many are sold live to aquariums around the world . ` Eerie ' killing cove In recent years , the Taiji dophin hunt has become a focal point for activists , particularly since the release of the Academy Award-winning 2009 film The Cove , which documented the hunt and raised awareness of Taiji 's dolphin hunting industry internationally . Conservationist group Sea Shepherd has had a presence in Taiji during hunt season for the past five years , broadcasting tfrom the village via a livefeed , and mobilizing a social media campaign against the hunt . The campaign has drawn celebrity and other high-profile supporters , with comedian Ricky Gervais and U.S. ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy tweeting their support in recent years , and former Beverly Hills 90210 and Charmed actress Shannen Doherty visiting Taiji last week to witness the hunt . "  It 's eerie , " Doherty said in a statement . "  You wonder how they  the hunters  are able to go to bed at night ... I think being here rocks even the most hardened human being , because it is just atrocious . " Melissa Sehgal , Sea Shepherd 's campaign co-ordinator for the Taiji project , which it calls "  Operation Infinite Patience , " said that after 15 days without the capture or killing of dolphins , the fishermen had begun killing pods of Risso 's dolphins last week . Four dolphin pods had been driven into the cove for killing so far this year , the group said . "  These dolphins are a gentle and docile species , but they continued to fight and struggle to stay alive , " Sehgal told CNN . Japan officials defend dolphin hunting at Taiji Cove Locals defend practice The Wakayama prefectural government declined CNN 's request for an interview , referring instead to a statement on its website outlining its position on the issue . It said that residents viewed dolphins and whales as a legitimate marine resource , and that the hunt , a local tradition , was integral to the town 's economic survival . "  Located far away from the centers of economic activity , the town has a 400-year history as the cradle of whaling , and has flourished over the years thanks to whaling and the dolphin fishery , " the statement said . "  The dolphin fishery is still an indispensable industry for the local residents to make their living . " ` Barbaric ' technique Sea Shepherd is particularly opposed to the method used to herd and capture the dolphins , a technique known as "  drive hunting " which Sehgal described as "  barbaric . " "  Using metal banger poles to create a wall of sound to disorient and deafen the pod ... forces them to swim away from the boats and into the shallows of the killing cove , " she said . "  Once netted into the cove , the dolphins are literally wrangled and tethered , often sustaining bloody wounds ... The dolphin hunters use large metal rods to penetrate the spinal cord . This is hammered into the dolphins and small whales . The dolphins do not die immediately , but are left to either bleed out from internal injuries or drown in their own blood . " The Taiji fishermen 's union has previously told CNN that the spine-severing technique had been introduced as a more humane method of killing the dolphins . Opinion : How hunters slaughter dolphins in Japan Fishermen harassed ? Sea Shepherd 's operations in Taiji involve live-streaming activity in the village , including following suspected fishermen they believe to be transporting dolphin meat . A recent live-stream showed men retreating into garages when the Sea Shepherd crew approached . This activism from foreign conservationists is interpreted by some locals as harassment . "  The Taiji dolphin fishery has been a target of repeated psychological harassment and interference by aggressive foreign animal protection organizations , " reads the Wakayama government 's statement . "  Taiji dolphin fishermen are just conducting a legal fishing activity in their traditional way in full accordance with regulations and rules under the supervision of both the national and the prefectural governments ... Such criticisms are an unfair threat to the fishermen 's rights to make a living and offend the history and pride of the town . " The statement also likens the killing of the dolphins to the killing of cows and pigs for food , implying hypocrisy on the part of activists for their criticism of the dolphin hunt . "  Not only dolphins but also other animals including livestock such as cows and pigs display emotion and intelligence , " it read . "  We , however , can not help killing livestock to eat their meat . Do people criticize these activities as barbaric ? " ` Terrorized ' dolphins But activists say any comparison between the killing of wild dolphins and domesticated livestock is spurious . "  They 're terrorized for hours on end , " says Ric O'Barry , a former dolphin trainer who trained the animals used in the popular U.S. show Flipper , before undergoing a sea-change in his views about holding dolphins in captivity . He has campaigned against the live dolphin trade with his organization The Dolphin Project , and also featured in The Cove . "  They 're self-aware like humans and the great apes . They look in the mirror and they know what they 're looking at . They 're not domesticated animals , " he told CNN . Besides , he said , while many of the dolphins were killed and sold for meat , the most attractive specimens were rounded up during the drive hunting were taken alive and sold to aquariums for sums in excess of $ 100,000 an animal . These captures were the real "  economic underpinning " of the annual hunt , he said . "  You 'd get $ 400-500 for a dead dolphin 's meat , but there 's a lot of money for a live one , and that 's what keeps this thing going , " he said . Group : 250 dolphins await slaughter , lifetime of captivity at Japan 's Taiji Cove Live dolphin trade Sehgal said that local dolphin trainers who "  claim to love dolphins " were often seen assisting hunters in wrangling the animals to shore . "  Only the young , beautiful and more suitable are selected . These dolphins are then forced to witness their families brutally slaughtered in front of them , " she said . According to Sea Shepherd estimates , 850 dolphins were killed and 160 taken into captivity last season , 920 killed and 249 caught the previous season , and 820 killed and 54 caught the season before that . Conservationists argue that it is this lucrative trade in captive dolphins that is the real motivation for the hunting season , a practice they say has only existed since the late 1960s . "  The argument that it is  an older  tradition is simply untrue , " said Lisa Agabian , Sea Shepherd 's director of media relations . "  Even if it were , I can say with absolute certainty that at no time would ancient fisherman have gone out with motorized fishing vessels and skiffs and modern technology to aid them in their capture of dolphins . The way they are hunting now , the dolphins do n't have a fighting chance . That is certainly not traditional culture at work . " Said Sehgal : "  This is blood money ...  there 's  nothing cultural about kidnapping wild dolphins for profit . " But Japanese defenders of the hunt maintain that the hunting of dolphins and whales has been a traditional industry and economic lifeline since the 17th century . An official at the Taiji town office told CNN it was natural that hunting techniques had evolved with new technologies . Staff at Japan 's Ministry of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries and Institute of Cetacean Research said they were not available for comment .	Four pods of Risso 's dolphins have been killed in annual hunt in Taiji , Japan The hunting season runs from September to March every year It draws international conservationist activists to the village to document the killing Locals complain of harassment from activists ; activists say the hunt is barbaric
CNN  -- At his heaviest , Brent Schmitt weighed 419 pounds . Even at 6 feet 3 inches tall , that was very overweight and he had high blood pressure . Many people in his family -- aunts , uncles and grandparents -- suffered from diabetes , high cholesterol , heart disease and high blood pressure . The iReporter 's life-changing moment came during an intense family discussion back in 2009 about his relatives ' ailments . It finally clicked for him : It was time for him to take a different path . "  If I did n't do something about my health , then I was concerned I 'd never live long enough to get married and have children or be healthy enough to spend quality time with my future family , " the Evansville , Indiana , man said . And in 15 months , he dropped 177 pounds , more than 40 percent of his body weight . View Brent Schmitt 's iReport Starting a family is important to this 27-year-old civil engineer and he did n't want to miss out on this opportunity , or the chance to lead a healthy life . Schmitt jump-started the first six months of his weight loss journey back in July 2009 by reducing his food portions . He would use a smaller dinner plate than in the past and fill it with what he wanted to eat . Once he had done this , he would take half the food off his plate and just consume that portion . As part of his diet , Schmitt avoided processed foods . "  I tried to buy fresh fruit and vegetables every three days , along with lunch meat sliced from the deli section of my local grocery store , " he noted . Schmitt focused on moving more , too . During the first six months of his weight loss plan , he made the daily choice of moving his body more than he had in the past . He would do little things like take the stairs rather than the elevator - or head to the copy machine after printing a work document , instead of letting his copies stack up . Once he hit the six-month mark of his lifestyle change , he added more rigorous activity to his daily routine , like using the treadmill . At first , he just walked on the treadmill , but over time he picked up his pace and started to run . In October 2010 , he reached a milestone , running the Evansville half-marathon in less than two hours . "  At first I was in disbelief that I finished , and then I was relieved and proud of myself for achieving a difficult goal , " he said . He now makes a point to take the longest route possible when walking somewhere in order to get more exercise . "  It 's everyday choices like these that help me lose weight , " he added . It took Schmitt about six and a half months to lose his first 100 pounds and then he shed the last 77 pounds over the next eight and a half months . He hopes to eventually reach his goal weight of 230 pounds . Dr. Melina Jampolis , CNNHealth 's Diet and Fitness expert who 's a physician nutrition specialist who practices in Los Angeles and San Francisco , California , said Schmitt has shed his weight in a safe and effective manner and she salutes him for making smart choices . "  He did n't do any crazy diets or jump into a crazy exercise schedule - and he focused on proper nutrition , " Jampolis said . "  His story just proves that in real life , if you make small choices like these day after day , it can end with tremendous results . " Schmitt 's family doctor , Dr. Michael Allen , said he was comfortable with the pace of the weight loss , since he was a young male and did n't have major health issues , beyond his high blood pressure . Allen noted if Schmitt had n't dropped the pounds , he would have been on his way to bigger health problems , including diabetes or possible knee replacement surgery . Many people who have not seen Schmitt in a long time often do not recognize him , since his looks have dramatically changed . Many will ask him which diet plan he used or if he had bariatric surgery . "  I have to constantly reinforce the fact that it was a lifestyle change for me , and not a fad diet or surgery that caused me to lose so much weight , " he added . Schmitt credits his family and friends for supporting him through his "  lifestyle change . " He says on days when he felt like he was struggling , they would remind him of his progress and how proud they were of him . "  They encouraged me to keep going , " he said . Schmitt said his family members , with their various health issues , have closely watched his transformation , and he hopes his new healthy life will inspire them to make their own changes one day . Schmitt 's goal of starting his own family is on track , too . In mid-June , he became engaged and plans to marry his fiancée in November 2012 . "  Life is good for me right now and the future is bright , " said Schmitt . "  I feel healthier , have more energy , more self-confidence and feel as though I have accomplished something really great . "	CNN iReporter Brent Schmitt shed 177 pounds in 15 months Schmitt lost weight by cutting back on food portions and exercising more A physician nutrition specialist says Schmitt lost his weight in a safe manner
CNN  -- The California city of Stockton approved a special budget Tuesday night , paving the way for it to become the largest American city to declare bankruptcy . "  Unfortunately , we have no comprehensive set of agreements with our creditors to offer you ... that would eliminate the $ 26 million budget deficit and avoid insolvency , " City Manager Bob Deis said at a council meeting . Negotiations , however , continue with some creditors . "  I think we 're very close in announcing some possible deals with some creditors in the future , " he said . "  In fact , it could be as many as a third of the creditors ... that 's not enough to balance the budget . " From the archives : Rhode Island city files for bankruptcy The city council approved the pendency plan on a 6-1 vote , meaning Stockton will file for protection under Chapter 9 federal bankruptcy laws before Sunday when the new fiscal year begins . The plan is essentially a new budget for the city of about 291,000 , spelling out day-to-day operations under bankruptcy . The city , which is about 80 miles east of San Francisco and about 50 miles south of Sacremento , says it will continue to pay employees , vendors and service providers , but curtail most other expenditures , such as debt service . Numerous governments across the country have filed for bankruptcy since the financial crisis of 2008 . Last year , Jefferson County , Alabama , filed the biggest municipal bankruptcy in U.S history . In December , the county was $ 4.2 billion in debt . The largest previous municipal bankruptcy case was filed in 1994 by Orange County , California , which owed approximately $ 1.7 billion to creditors . From the archives : Plan released to keep Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , from bankruptcy filing Stockton Mayor Ann Johnston said in the 1990s the city council approved labor contracts and retiree health insurance plans believing the hyper-growth the city was experiencing would continue forever . Then came the economic downturn of recent years , and debt-strapped California 's raid on city finances , said Johnston . Since 2009 , Stockton has cut $ 90 million from its budget , she said . The city has reduced its police force by 25 % , its fire department by 30 % and other city jobs by 40 % but has not been able to get itself financially stable . And then , said Johnston , there was the housing bust . "  The housing was the straw that broke the camel 's back , " said Johnston . "  We had this bubble in our economy here . We were booming in construction . We were building about 3,000 homes a year . It began to fall off sharply three and a half years ago , " she said . "  This past year only 105 single-family construction permits were issued . " Richard Acosta is a 75-year-old retiree in Stockton and said everywhere he looks there are for-sale signs . "  You have two across from my house . There was like four on the other side , and there 's about two or three more down on the next block , " said Acosta . "  I always thought the city of Stockton was really gon na go somewhere . But I do n't really see any future in it for five to 10 years before something really is going to happen here , " he said . CNN 's Ed Payne and CNN Radio 's Jim Roope contributed to this report .	Stockton will file for bankruptcy by Sunday The city council approves a special budget plan on a 6-1 vote The city says it will continue to pay employees , vendors and service providers
CNN  -- Prime Minister Stephen Harper appealed directly to Canadians for support Wednesday , vowing in a nationally televised address on the economy that he will do all he can to halt his opponents from carrying out a no-confidence vote in Parliament -- as planned for Monday -- and forming a coalition government that would replace his own . Prime Minister Stephen Harper accuses coalition leaders of "  betrayal " by relying on Quebec separatists ' support . "  Unfortunately , even before the government has brought forward its budget , and only seven weeks after a general election , the opposition wants to overturn the results of that election , " said the prime minister , whose Conservative Party strengthened its minority position in federal elections on October 14 . "  Canada 's government can not enter into a power-sharing coalition with a separatist party at a time of global insecurity , " he said . "  Canada 's government must stand unequivocally for keeping the country together . " The country is undergoing "  a pivotal moment in our history , " he said , then ticked through a list of efforts his government is making to help the country survive the economic crisis , including personal tax reductions , doubling of spending on infrastructure , injecting liquidity into the financial markets and securing pension plans . iReport.com : Outrage brewing in Canada "  Tonight , I pledge to you that Canada 's government will use every legal means at our disposal to protect our democracy , protect our economy and to protect Canada , " he said . Though Harper did not specify what those legal means might entail , his opponents predicted that he would try to dissolve Parliament and wasted no time in voicing their opposition . The Liberal Party , which lost seats in the October vote , and the leftist New Democratic Party announced plans earlier this week to form a governing coalition with the support of the Bloc Quebecois , which supports independence for French-speaking Quebec . In a televised address that followed Harper 's , opposition Liberal leader Stephane Dion called for a vote of confidence . He said he had asked Canada 's Governor-General Michaelle Jean -- the acting head of state who would call for a new election or a confidence vote -- "  to refuse any request by the prime minister to suspend Parliament until he has demonstrated to her that he still commands the confidence of the house . " He said Canada "  is facing the impact of the global economic crisis " and must act quickly . "  Stephen Harper refuses to propose measures to stimulate the economy " and his party has lost the confidence of the majority of the House of Commons , he said . "  This means that they have lost the right to govern , " Dion said . He said he and Jack Layton , head of the New Democratic Party , had agreed to form a coalition government to address the economic crisis , and that the Green Party supported it too . "  Coalitions are normal and put in practice in many parts of the world and are able to work very successfully , " he said . "  Mr. Harper 's solution is to extend the crisis by avoiding a simple vote -- by suspending Parliament and continuing the confusion , " Dion said . "  We offer a better way . We say , settle it now and let 's get to work on the people 's business . " The vote scheduled for Monday ought to be allowed to proceed , he said . In separate televised remarks , Layton accused Harper of having "  delivered a partisan attack . " The Conservative Party 's plan would create no jobs and protect no pensions , he said . "  He seems to be more interested in his job than in protecting your job , " Layton said . "  Now , that 's simply wrong . "	Opposition parties seek to oust Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's government Harper 's Tories gained seats in Canada 's October elections but fell short of majority Liberal and New Democratic parties join with Bloc Quebecois to try to unseat Tories Harper could buy time by asking governor general to suspend parliament till January
CNN  -- At least 17 people were killed when inmates tried to escape from a prison in northern Mexico Tuesday , firing guns at guard towers and running through tunnels below the facility . The dead included 11 inmates and six guards , Durango state public safety officials said in a statement . The violence broke out around 5 p.m. Tuesday at a prison in the city of Gomez Palacio when prisoners began to riot and opened fire , officials said . "  The inmates started to shoot with firearms toward the guard towers and the guard areas , " the statement said . Officials said the clashes occurred as guards worked to stop a "  massive prison break . " Guards fired shots in the air to try to contain the riot , officials said , then "  exchanged gunfire " when there was no response . Military troops stopped the attempted prison break , and authorities were investigating to determine who was responsible , the statement said . Violence has been repeatedly reported at the prison where Tuesday 's clashes occurred . In a fight at the prison last year , 11 inmates were killed . In July 2010 , Mexico 's attorney general 's office alleged that inmates from the prison were let out to kill rival drug gang members . At the time , a spokesman for the attorney general 's office said prison officials had allowed a group of inmates to leave the Cereso No. 2 prison in police vehicles to launch an attack at a birthday celebration that left 17 dead . Top prison workers were named as suspects in an investigation . The prison 's former director and 10 others were sentenced in the case . They are now in Mexican federal prisons elsewhere in the country . CNNMexico.com and CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Karina Maciel contributed to this report .	Clashes break out as guards work to stop a "  massive prison break , " officials say 11 inmates and 6 guards are killed , Durango public safety officials report Violence has been reported at the prison in the past In 2010 , prosecutors said prison authorities let out inmates so they could kill gang rivals
Editor 's note : Wendell Potter has served since May 2009 as senior fellow on health care at the Center for Media and Democracy , a nonprofit organization that says it seeks to expose "  corporate spin and government propaganda . " After a 20-year career as a corporate public relations executive , Potter left his job last year as head of communications for one of the nation 's largest health insurers , CIGNA Corporation . Ex-insurance company spokesman Wendell Potter says the industry seeks to drive the health care debate . CNN  -- Having grown up in one of the most conservative and Republican places in the country -- East Tennessee -- I understand why many of the people who are showing up at town hall meetings this month are reacting , sometimes violently , when members of Congress try to explain the need for an expanded government role in our health care system . I also have a lot of conservative friends , including one former co-worker who was laid off by CIGNA several years ago but who nonetheless worries about a "  government takeover " of health care . The most vocal folks at the town hall meetings seem to share the same ideology as my kinfolks in East Tennessee and my former CIGNA buddy : the less government involvement in our lives , the better . That point could n't have been made clearer than by the man standing in line to get free care at Remote Area Medical 's recent health care "  expedition " at the Wise County , Virginia , fairgrounds , who told a reporter he was dead set against President Obama 's reform proposal . Even though he did n't have health insurance , and could see the desperation in the faces of thousands of others all around him who were in similar straits , he was more worried about the possibility of having to pay more taxes than he was eager to make sure he and his neighbors would n't have to wait in line to get care provided by volunteer doctors in animal stalls . Watch Potter interview with Sanjay Gupta " Friday morning my former CIGNA buddy sent me an e-mail challenging something he said his wife heard me say in a radio report about my press conference in the Capitol on Wednesday with Rep. Louise Slaughter , D-New York , chairwoman of the House Rules Committee . "  She heard you say that these protestors are funded by the insurance companies . Frankly , nothing would surprise me , but certainly not each and every person , " he wrote . "  If there was a meeting near me , I certainly would tell my local representative how I feel about this entire subject  and it would n't be pretty  , and I certainly am not funded by anyone . So I am ultimately wondering what proof there is that seemingly ordinary Americans are finally protesting what is going in Washington and there are all of these suggestions of a greater conspiracy . " If the radio report had carried more of my remarks , he might have a better understanding of how the health insurance and its army of PR people are influencing his opinions and actions without his even knowing it . Until I quit my job last year , I was one of the leaders of that army . I had a very successful career and was my company 's voice to the media and the public for several years . It was my job to "  promote and defend " the company 's reputation and to try to persuade reporters to write positive stories about the industry 's ideas on reform . During the last couple of years of my career , however , I became increasingly worried that the high-deductible plans insurers were beginning to push Americans into would force more and more of us into bankruptcy . The higher I rose in the company , the more I learned about the tactics insurers use to dump policyholders when they get sick , in order to increase profits and to reward their Wall Street investors . I could not in good conscience continue serving as an industry mouthpiece . And I did not want to be part of yet another industry effort to kill meaningful reform . I explained during the press conference with Rep. Slaughter how the industry funnels millions of its policyholders ' premiums to big public relations firms that provide talking points to conservative talk show hosts , business groups and politicians . I also described how the PR firms set up front groups , again using your premium dollars and mine , to scare people away from reform . What I 'm trying to do as I write and speak out against the insurance industry I was a part of for nearly two decades is to inform Americans that when they hear isolated stories of long waiting times to see doctors in Canada and allegations that care in other systems is rationed by "  government bureaucrats , " someone associated with the insurance industry wrote the original script . The industry has been engaging in these kinds of tactics for many years , going back to its successful behind-the-scenes campaign to kill the Clinton reform plan . A story in Friday 's New York Times about the origin of the absurdly false rumor that President Obama 's health care proposal would create government-sponsored "  death panels " bears out what I have been saying . The story notes that the rumor emanated "  from many of the same pundits and conservative media outlets that were central in defeating Bill Clinton 's health care proposal 16 years ago , including the editorial board of The Washington Times , the American Spectator magazine and Betsy McCaughey , whose 1994 health care critique made her a star of the conservative movement  and ultimately , the lieutenant governor of New York  . " The big PR firms that work for the industry have close connections with those media outlets and stars in the conservative movement . One of their PR firms , which created and staffed a front group in the late '90s to kill the proposed "  Patients ' Bill of Rights , " launched a PR and advertising campaign in conservative media outlets to drum up opposition to the bill . The message : President Clinton "  owed a debt to the liberal base of the Democrat Party and would try to pay back that debt by advancing the type of big government agenda on health care that he failed to get in 1994 . " The industry goes to great lengths to keep its involvement in these campaigns hidden from public view . I know from having served on numerous trade group committees and industry-funded front groups , however , that industry leaders are always full partners in developing strategies to derail any reform that might interfere with insurers ' ability to increase profits . So the next time you hear someone warning against a "  government takeover " of our health care system , or that the creation of a public health insurance option would send us down the "  slippery slope toward socialism , " know that someone like I used to be wrote those terms , knowing it might turn many of the very people who would benefit most from meaningful reform into unwitting spokespeople for the industry . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wendell Potter .	Wendell Potter : In my former job , I helped shape public opinion on health care He says insurance companies quietly seek to counter reform measures Potter : Industry worked to kill the Clinton health reform plan He says he did n't want to be part of another effort to kill a health care plan
CNN  -- She was named Sara , after the daughter of the man who found her , and she got to go home Wednesday . For her , home is the waters of the Florida Keys , a place no one expected she 'd ever return to . Sara is a 115-pound federally protected loggerhead sea turtle who , if not for sheer luck , would be dead today . In early August , a father and son fishing in the Keys spotted Sara floating with a 4-foot spear sticking out of her head . The loggerhead was taken to the Florida Keys Turtle Hospital . "  This has to be one of the luckiest turtles in history , " said veterinarian Doug Mader . The odds of saving Sara were not good . The spear had gone in just behind her ear and lodged against the jawbone on the other side . "  Quarter of an inch in either direction , " said Mader , "  and the animal would be dead . " The shooting of the turtle had to be deliberate , said Rich Moretti , who runs the Turtle Hospital in Marathon . From the angle of entry it appeared to the medical team that Sara had been shot from above , probably from a boat . "  Everyone in the Keys was absolutely offended that someone would come down and do that to one of our turtles , " Moretti said . He said he does not believe whoever shot the turtle was from the Keys . The spear was much bigger than what locals would normally use , he noted . The day after the turtle was rescued , Moretti took a picture of the spear to every dive shop in the area . He hoped the person who shot the turtle would come looking for a replacement and someone in that shop could make an identification . No luck . Doctors who first looked at the injured turtle said that with each breath she took , they could hear a fluttering sound . After stabilizing Sara and giving her antibiotics , Mader was able to remove the spear from her head and the flutter ended . Sara is a young turtle , about 12 years old . It was only a week ago she started eating on her own , gobbling up some squid . Once that happened , Moretti said , "  we knew it was time for her to go back home . " A $ 16,000 reward is offered for tips that lead to the arrest and conviction of those responsible for the injury . Much of the money came from local commercial fishermen and boat captains . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Marine Fisheries Service is investigating . The staff at the Turtle Hospital sees many accidental injuries , "  animals tied up in fishing line or hit by a boat , " Moretti said . "  When we see something like this , intentional , it 's rare . " It 's even rarer for a turtle to survive and recover so quickly from the kind of damage Sara suffered . Under a beautiful blue September morning sky , Sara was released near the Seven Mile Bridge in Marathon . For the volunteers , the doctors , and Moretti , this was the kind of day that makes them smile .	Sara , a loggerhead sea turtle , was found with a spear in her head Veterinarians at the Florida Keys Turtle Hospital removed the spear and helped her recover "  This has to be one of the luckiest turtles in history , " a veterinarian says
Washington  CNN  -- While the BP oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico has put accidental spills squarely in the national spotlight , one U.S. senator is warning of another possible threat : deliberate sabotage . Democrat Jim Webb of Virginia is calling on the Obama administration to develop plans to safeguard offshore platforms from attack by terrorists . The senator , a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee , made his case in a letter to Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Interior Secretary Ken Salazar . "  While Congress will continue to scrutinize BP and regulatory agencies , I write to urge you to also be vigilant against deliberate acts , such as an attack or sabotage , that could similarly devastate the region , " Webb said in the letter , referring to the Gulf Coast . But he wants the security plans adopted for all U.S. coastal areas . While there are no oil derricks off Virginia 's coast , Webb , the state 's senior senator , favors oil and gas exploration in Virginia waters . He also backs a controversial moratorium in deepwater drilling ordered by the Interior Department , until risks and safeguards can be better assessed . Webb notes in the letter that the BP oil spill is the worst environmental disaster in the country 's history . He said that , "  With dozens of wells operating in the Gulf of Mexico and elsewhere , we must employ policies that mitigate all types of risk . " The senator said that a lack of vigilance on security issues "  could leave the marine ecosystem , as well as certain areas of our national security , at great risk . " He 's asking the federal agencies to assess how vulnerable offshore oil rigs are to attack and make recommendations to Congress for safeguarding them . The senator points out in his letter that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission requires that nuclear reactors be able to withstand plane crashes and said similar standards should be considered for the oil and gas industry . Webb 's request for security measures comes as he prepares for a possible rematch in 2012 with Republican George Allen , the incumbent he narrowly defeated in 2006 . Allen , a former governor , also supports oil and gas exploration off Virginia 's coast .	Senator Webb of Virginia warns of terror threat to offshore oil rigs Webb asks federal agencies to report on security measures Webb says rigs must be protected , much like nuclear reactors
Editor 's Note : Sarah Bliss is a writer for the Tufts Daily , the leading news source for Tufts University . This article was brought to CNN.com by UWIRE , the leading provider of student-generated content . UWIRE aims to identify and promote the brightest young content creators and deliver their work to a larger audience via professional media partners such as CNN.com . Visit UWIRE.com to learn more . SUNY at Canton in New York has provided a designated "  pet wing , " home to a variety of animals . UWIRE  -- As university residence halls seek to transition into more homey environments -- with additions like full kitchens and single-stall bathrooms -- pet ownership is still forbidden for the majority of dorm residents . But several universities , including MIT , have now added some pets to the "  acceptable " list of dorm possessions . According to a recent article published by The Boston Globe , students at MIT who reside in four of the school 's 11 undergraduate dormitories can bring cats with them to school , thanks to a policy implemented several years ago in an effort to curb students from housing forbidden animals . Other schools have jumped on the four-footed bandwagon : Stephen 's College , a women 's college in Columbia , Missouri , allows for many household pets , including dogs , provided that they are vaccinated and under forty pounds . And the SUNY at Canton in New York has provided a designated "  pet wing , " home to a variety of small caged animals and cats since 1996 . While animal companionship is largely viewed as a welcome addition to family homes , there are many roadblocks that have deterred Tufts from altering its pet policy . "  We do n't have a policy that allows for dogs or cats or ferrets or monkeys -- you name it -- and ... the main reason is so many people have allergic reactions to animal dander , " Dean of Student Affairs Bruce Reitman said . "  It 's one thing in a family , where everyone agrees that this is what they want and no one has an allergic reaction to the animal . But in a residence hall , where there is no such communication or agreement , it 's hard and people are affected . " While Tufts students are currently not permitted to have more than a small fish tank in the dorm setting -- in addition to service animals -- this has not always been the case . During a failed experiment that ended around a decade ago , faculty members , residence directors and graduate teaching assistants were allowed to own pets in an attempt to encourage residence . "  We were trying to entice -LSB- people -RSB- to come live in the halls , and ... they would n't come unless you allowed the pets , " Reitman said . "  In order to pragmatically get -LSB- them -RSB- to come in , we said ` Okay , let 's do this . ' Then people said , ` No , this is n't fair , I ca n't live here . ' Not many students complained , but enough did . " According to Dr. Margaret Higham , medical director of Health Services , the prevalence of allergies and asthma on campus would make a more lenient pet policy problematic . In addition , dorm cleanliness would be noticeably impaired by the allowance of pets , she said . "  Pets need to be taken care of ... Litter boxes need to be cleaned daily , " Higham said . "  The dorm rooms were not built with the need to ventilate for that type of situation . And what about fleas ? Once they are introduced , they would spread rapidly through all of the furniture . I do not see students being able to care for animals adequately in the dorm setting . " Even without canines currently roaming the quad , there has been a modest history of animal neglect that calls into question a student 's ability to provide for an animal properly . "  I think some fraternities in recent years did have animals , " Reitman said . "  There were concerns or complaints when spring break came along , because there is this animal , not cared for ... the animal activists came in here and said , ` That 's no way to treat an animal , ' " Reitman said . "  A residence facility -- be it a sorority , fraternity or residence hall -- is not necessarily a good fit for the animal . " Reitman said he had reservations about allowing pets in designated residence halls , like MIT does . "  If you designate certain buildings as ` pet buildings , ' you are taking that building , in essence , from people who do n't want to live in that type of environment , " Reitman said . "  You ca n't do that with very popular halls that go first in the lottery , because there would be no end to complaints about that . You just get into this equity political-pragmatics issue pretty quickly . " "  Developing pet-specific dorms would be a huge logistical struggle , " Higham said . "  Once pets have been in a specific room , that room is ` contaminated ' with pet dander and will be ` allergic ' for extended periods . " But a number of studies have been released touting the psychological benefits of owning a pet , arguing that the relationship serves as a daily de-stress mechanism and source of increased happiness . While Reitman viewed the calming influence of a pet-owner bond as beneficial , he associated the necessity of pet companionship with two distinct groups , neither of which includes college students . "  I 'll say the usefulness in ownership and responsibility for the aged and the young jumps off the page to me , " Reitman said . "  For older folks ... the companionship and presence of the animal is life sustaining in a lot of ways , " Reitman said . "  For young kids and teenagers , the responsibility of pet ownership is a great model for taking on a commitment . It 's clearly needed , but probably a little less so in our middle years . " Sophomore Kara Brown , who suffers from asthma , said it is a bad idea to allow pets in residence halls . "  I would n't love it if cats were allowed just because being anywhere near them makes me sick ... My breathing tubes start to close , " Brown said . "  I also feel like people usually have too much going on to really take care of a pet , especially now in college when you are already doing so much that takes a lot of effort . " "  I do n't think it 's fair to other people who are living in the dorms because everybody needs to agree that they want an animal in their dorm , " junior Jenny Hong said . "  It 's not only you and your roommate , but you 're sharing a huge space with everyone else . It would also cause a lot of mess and possible destruction to school property . " Still , Hong admitted that she would n't rule out the possibility of owning a pet if the policy changed . "  I would consider bringing a pet , but I would only go for small pets -- maybe a hamster or gerbil , " she said . "  Never a cat , though , or a dog . "	Some universities adding pets to "  acceptable " list of dorm possessions Students at MIT can bring cats , according to Boston Globe article Allergens , fleas , mess listed as reasons for concern by one school dean I feel students have too much going on to take care of a pet , student says
CNN  -- Before making judgments about the shootings at Fort Hood , a thorough investigation needs to take place , Sen. John Cornyn of Texas said Thursday . "  It is imperative that we take the time to gather all the facts , as it would be irresponsible to be the source of rumors or inaccurate information regarding such a horrific event , " Cornyn said in a statement . "  Once we have ascertained all the facts , working with our military leaders and law enforcement officials on the ground , we can determine what exactly happened at Fort Hood today and how to prevent something like this from ever happening again , " he said . Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , an Army psychiatrist , shot and killed 11 soldiers and one civilian , officials said . Thirty-one people were wounded , officials at the Army base said . A federal official said Hasan is a U.S. citizen of Jordanian descent . Cornyn , a Republican , said people should not jump to conclusions about what happened and why . "  We do not yet have these details , " the statement said . President Obama , who was speaking at a conference in Washington , said his administration "  will make sure that we get answers to every single question about this horrible incident . " He asked Americans to keep the soldiers and families of Fort Hood in the thoughts and prayers . Former President George W. Bush , who was governor of Texas from 1995 to 2000 and lives in Crawford about 20 miles from the post , expressed his family 's sorrow . "  I was saddened to learn of the tragic incident at Fort Hood . Laura and I are keeping the victims and their families in our thoughts and prayers during this difficult time , " he said . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send pics , video Two prominent Muslim organizations condemned the shootings . The Council on American-Islamic Relations , based in Washington , said there was no reason for such violence . "  We condemn this cowardly attack in the strongest terms possible and ask that the perpetrators be punished to the full extent of the law , " a statement from the organization said . "  No political or religious ideology could ever justify or excuse such wanton and indiscriminate violence . " The Muslim Public Affairs Council offered its sympathy to the victims and their families . "  MPAC and the Muslim American community unequivocally condemn this heinous incident , " said a statement from the Los Angeles , California , based group . "  Our entire organization extends its heartfelt condolences to the families of those killed as well as to those wounded and their loved ones . " The group said it was working with law enforcement and government officials . "  American Muslims stand with our fellow citizens in offering both prayers for the victims and sincere condolences to the families of those killed or injured , " the statement said . The Secretary of the Army said that while an investigation will come , the well-being of his soldiers was the Army 's first concern . "  This is a terrible tragedy that we will know more about in the coming days . For now , our focus is squarely on taking care of our soldiers and their families , " said John M. McHugh in a statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of those who have been killed and wounded . The leadership at Fort Hood is marshalling the medical support and counselors necessary to take care of our soldiers and their families and to notify the next of kin . " Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas said her heart went out to the people affected by the violence . "  Our dedicated military personnel have sacrificed so much in service to our country , and it sickens me that the men and women of Fort Hood have been subjected to this senseless , random violence , " said Hutchison , a Republican . Texas Gov. Rick Perry said the flags of his state would fly at half staff through Sunday .	Sen. John Cornyn of Texas says investigation needs to take place President Obama asks Americans to keep soldiers at Fort Hood in their prayers Two Muslim organizations based in the United States condemn the attack Gov. Rick Perry says Texas to fly flags at half staff for rest of week
When I was at CIA or NSA , my public affairs staff would sometimes enlist me to intervene with an editor to stop the publication of what we viewed to be classified information . I would invariably begin the conversation with the journalist by pointing out that I knew that , "  We both have a job to do protect American security and liberty , but how you 're about to do yours is going to make it harder for me to do mine . " That introduction reflected my true feelings , so -- like most Americans -- I am conflicted about the current row over protecting press freedom and protecting national secrets . Let me be clear . The two prominent cases being debated were indeed serious leaks , because they touched upon sources , not just information . In the case of the Associated Press report on a Yemen-based bomb plot , the source had apparently penetrated an al Qaeda network and there were hopes that he could continue to be exploited . In the Fox News report on North Korea 's intention to test a nuclear weapon , James Rosen told us not just that the United States judged that Pyongyang would respond to impending sanctions with a test . He pointedly added that a source in North Korea had told us so . These kinds of stories get people killed . While at CIA I recounted to a group of news bureau chiefs that , when an agency presence in a denied area had been revealed in the media , two assets had been detained and executed . The CIA site there wrote : "  Regret that we can not address this loss of life with the person who decided to leak our mission to the newspapers . " And , since the Yemen source appears to have actually been recruited by a liaison partner , the impact of a leak goes far beyond our own service . In that same talk with bureau chiefs , I pointed out that several years before 9/11 , one chief of station reported that a press leak of liaison intelligence had "  put us out of the  Osama  bin Laden reporting business " . In both stories , investigations were in order . Journalists , of all people , should understand the need to protect sources and relationships . But the investigations have been very aggressive and the acquisition of journalists ' communications records has been broad , invasive , secret and -- one suspects -- unnecessary . A quick survey of former Bush administration colleagues confirmed my belief that a proposal to sweep up a trove of AP phone records or James Rosen 's e-mails would have had a half-life of about 30 seconds in that administration . And , although Rosen seems to have worked his source with tradecraft and elicitation techniques more reminiscent of a case officer than a press conference , charges of co-conspiracy and flight risk are quite a stretch . If this had been a Predator strike rather than an investigation , we would have judged the target  leaks and leakers  to have been legitimate , but the collateral damage  squeezing the First Amendment and chilling legitimate press activity  to have been prohibitive . Which brings me back to being conflicted and to a sense of resignation that this legitimate free press-legitimate government secrets thing is a condition we will have to manage , not a problem that we will solve . When the press decides to publish something that the government considers classified , it is assuming for itself an inherently governmental function . And as David Ignatius once pointed out , "  We journalists usually try to argue that we have carefully weighed the pros and cons and believe that the public benefit of disclosure outweighs any potential harm . The problem is that we are n't fully qualified to make those judgments . " True enough , but no one who has served in government would claim that the public release of every document marked with a classification stamp would actually harm American security . Over-classification is common . Government confuses things further with controlled releases of formerly classified data for both policy and political reasons . So many anonymous government officials have commented on drones and targeted killings in recent years that I told a Senate committee last summer that I simply did not know what of my personal knowledge of those programs I could or could not publicly discuss . If there exists a body of information that can fairly be labeled "  publicly known but still officially classified , " the protection of truly secret data will be eroded . When lines are not bright , it is more likely that even well intentioned people will end up on the wrong side of them . The problem promises to get harder , not easier . While at CIA I asked my civilian advisory board to consider whether America would be able to conduct espionage in the future within a political culture that seemed to every day demand more transparency and more public accountability from every aspect of national life . They were n't optimistic . Beyond this cultural trend , modern technology arms inquisitive journalists with powerful tools to gather and link disparate data , to turn what were once globally dispersed shards of glass into revealing mosaics . Many things intended to be secret , like the airlift of Croatian weapons to Syria , simply do n't stay that way . So , how do we limit the damage ? Well , journalists will have to expand the kind of sensitivities to the national welfare that some already show . In those calls I made to slow , scotch or amend a pending story , most on the other end of the line were open to reasonable arguments . In one case a writer willingly changed a reference that had read "  based on intercepts " to "  based on intelligence reports , " somewhat amazed that that change made much of a difference .  It did . The government may also want to adjust its approach to enforcement . The current tsunami of leak prosecutions is based largely on the Espionage Act , a blunt World War I statute designed to punish aiding the enemy . It 's sometimes a tough fit . The leak case against former National Security Agency employee Thomas Drake collapsed of its own overreach in 2011 . Perhaps in many of these cases the best approach is not through the courts or the Department of Justice . Intelligence agency heads should be urged to make fuller use of their administrative authorities to suspend or dismiss employees or to lift clearances -- actions with a lower threshold than criminal prosecutions but whose promptness , frequency and certainty could still deter many unauthorized disclosures . Finally , we should  belatedly  admit that there is some common ground here . Intelligence agencies often act on the edges of executive prerogative and move forward based on a narrow base of lawfulness and limited congressional notification -- and these are often sufficient to underpin a one-off covert action . But democracies do n't get to do anything repeatedly over a long period  like drone strikes and targeted killings  without political support -- and political support is the end point of a process that begins with informed debate . Informed debate depends on information , the kind that most journalists seek . We can not make public the nation 's legitimate secrets , but Americans need a broad outline of what is being done on their behalf . Ironically , the public dialogue generated by a free press may be one of the best guarantors that the Republic will , in the future , be able to act boldly  and occasionally secretly  in its own defense .	Ex-CIA director Hayden says the AP , Fox leaks were serious , and related to sources of intelligence He says even though leaks were damaging , Obama administration went too far in its probes He says there 's a need to balance protecting secrets against freedom of the press
CNN  -- A 10-year-old Southern California boy is in a juvenile detention center after denying in court Thursday a charge that he murdered another child , authorities said . The mother of the alleged victim , Ryan Carter , said on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " show that the suspect was her 12-year-old son 's "  best friend . " Lisa Carter , a registered nurse , said that her son died after stepping in front of the 10-year-old as he was trying to stab another child . "  The things we taught him cost him his life , " Carter said of her son . "  We taught him do n't start a fight , do n't run away from a fight  and  if you see a fight ... stop it . " The San Diego County Sheriff 's Department received a call shortly after 1 p.m. Monday about the stabbing in Lakeside , which is about 20 miles northeast of San Diego . Despite efforts by sheriff 's deputies , paramedics and hospital staff to save him , the boy was pronounced dead around 2:30 p.m. Monday , the sheriff 's department said in a statement . The San Diego County District Attorney 's Office filed murder and felony charges Wednesday against the 10-year-old suspect , said Steve Walker , a spokesman for that office . An attorney for the young suspect "  denied the charges " during his arraignment Thursday morning , according to Walker . The boy -- whose name has not been made public , in accordance with the district attorney 's policies regarding juvenile suspects -- is now being held in a juvenile detention center in the county , he added . Lisa Carter said that the boy who stabbed her son was actually targeting another child . "  Ryan took the knife for that boy , " she said , describing her son as intelligent , caring and "  everything to me . " The victim 's father , Glen Carter , called his son a "  good ... boy with Christian values . " Since he is a juvenile , the boy accused of killing Ryan Carter can not be found guilty but can be convicted on a "  true finding of fact , " explained Walker . In convicted , he would have to be released by the time he turns 25 years old , if not earlier , the district attorney 's spokesman added . The boy 's next court date -- for a "  readiness " hearing to determine if all sides are prepared to move forward -- is scheduled for February 23 . HLN 's Emily Barsh and CNN 's Greg Botelho and John Fricke contributed to this report .	A boy , 10 , is arraigned in a California court on charges of murder and felony assault He is being held in a juvenile detention center , a district attorney spokesman says The mother of the alleged victim , 12 , claims her son died trying to break up a fight She describes her son as intelligent and caring , adding he was "  everything to me "
CNN  -- It was the kind of phone call military families dread receiving from Iraq and Afghanistan -- not from Texas . Peggy McCarty 's daughter called Thursday afternoon to say she had been wounded by a gunshot in her left shoulder . Keara Bono , 21 , assured her mother that she was OK , but McCarty 's heart skipped . She knew she had much to fear when Bono , an Army specialist , arrived at Fort Hood to prepare for an early December deployment to Iraq . But McCarty never thought she would have to worry about her child getting wounded on American soil . "  I thought I was more worried about her going over to Iraq than here , just doing training in Texas . She just got there yesterday , " McCarty told CNN affiliate KSHB-TV in Kansas City , Missouri . Bono was one of 30 people hurt when a soldier opened fire on a military processing center at Fort Hood , the place where soldiers report before they head to war . They get medical and dental checkups there . They settle finances and even make out their wills . Thursday , the center turned into a killing field , and 13 lives were abruptly cut short . America watched in horror the news of the shootings , the deadliest ever on a military base . Some of the victims , such as Bono , were preparing to head to Iraq or Afghanistan . They were felled instead in the place they called home . When the shouts of "  Shots fired ! Shots fired ! " started , one soldier pushed and shoved people to get out the back of the readiness center . And run . The soldier , who did not want to be identified , heard more screaming . Soldiers were dragging bodies away from the shooter . They snatched tablecloths off tables , cut up their own sage-green digital combat uniforms , even their tan undershirts , and turned them into tourniquets and pressure bandages . Everyone tried to render CPR and medical aid . Some were medical personnel . Others were simply friends helping friends . They were soldiers , after all , and trained as combat lifesavers , though they could not have imagined having to use their skills at home . But soldiers never abandon wounded comrades on the battlefield . Most of the injured were awake and alert , witnesses recalled . They just were n't talking . About a mile away at Darnall Army Medical Center , Army medic Spc. Eric Blohm waited for mass casualties . If the emergency rooms filled up , Darnall would put victims in rooms where usually babies are brought into the world . It felt too much like Blohm 's tour of Iraq . "  I 'm pretty shocked and bewildered , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  Going to war and experiencing combat overseas and then ... to have your sense of security shattered , that 's just kind of unreal . " Watch Blohm describe the scene The shooting suspect , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , was a psychiatrist who had an office at Darnall . Now , the hospital was taking in the doctor 's alleged victims . Sirens , installed after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , sound routinely at Fort Hood during emergency drills . Pam Stephenson , the wife of a Judge Advocate General officer , was used to the blaring noise . Early afternoon , she was about to make a quick trip to the grocery with Megan , her 5-year-old who stayed at home sick on Thursday . But then she heard the whirring of choppers overhead and warnings on the loudspeakers : "  Take cover . Stay away from windows . Lock your doors . " Her husband called and told her not to leave the house . She turned on the television and learned the grim news . The gunman , she discovered , was a soldier . "  When you hear it 's soldiers gone crazy -- you do n't know what kind of ammunition or guns they have , " she said . She wanted to fetch Patrick , 2 , stuck at day care , but the sprawling post was under lockdown . No one knew then if there were killers on the loose . The streets were deserted . A mass of cars , waiting to get out , piled up at the gates . Loved ones waited on the other side , desperate for news of their soldiers . Stephenson checked Facebook and read a message from a military friend serving overseas . Deployed soldiers from Fort Hood were in a panic not knowing whether their families were safe . She checked on the soldier 's wife and worried about Patrick . Finally , at 7:15 , she was able to see her baby . Many miles away in Punta Gorda , Florida , Roxanne Johnson was chitchatting with her son , Justin , on the phone . He was a young track vehicle mechanic who was heading to Afghanistan come January . Mother and son joked and laughed , like they always did . And then she heard a strange noise : "  Dosh , dosh , dosh . " What was that ? she wondered . "  At first I thought he was just kidding around and turning up the video game , and then I said , well , maybe it 's a training exercise , " Johnson told CNN affiliate WINK News in Fort Myers , Florida . She pressed the phone to her ear and listened . She heard the screams and the crying . Wow , she thought . It sounds so real . Her son 's voice was gone . She refused to hang up until she could hear Justin again . She heard people shuffling about and muffled voices . Where was Justin ? Had he been hurt ? What was going on ? "  Justin , call home ! " she said aloud . Hours passed before Johnson learned the fate of her son . He was one of the shooting victims . But Justin Johnson was one of the lucky ones . He underwent surgery and was recovering Thursday night . Roxanne Johnson breathed a sigh of relief and was able finally to disconnect her phone .	Parents worry about dangers overseas , not in Texas Soldiers use battlefield medical training on home soil Mother worries about son in day care as post is locked down Watch a CNN investigation on the shootings at Saturday 8 p.m. ET on CNN TV
CNN  -- Their livelihood was being threatened , and they were tired of waiting for government help , so business owners and residents on Hawaii 's Kauai island pulled together and completed a $ 4 million repair job to a state park -- for free . Volunteers bring in a heavy crane for work on a bridge to Polihale State Park on Kauai last month . Polihale State Park has been closed since severe flooding destroyed an access road to the park and damaged facilities in December . The state Department of Land and Natural Resources had estimated that the damage would cost $ 4 million to fix , money the agency does n't have , according to a news release from department Chairwoman Laura Thielen . "  It would not have been open this summer , and it probably would n't be open next summer , " said Bruce Pleas , a local surfer who helped organize the volunteers . "  They said it would probably take two years . And with the way they are cutting funds , we felt like they 'd never get the money to fix it . " And if the repairs were n't made , some business owners faced the possibility of having to shut down . Ivan Slack , co-owner of Napali Kayak , said his company relies solely on revenue from kayak tours and needs the state park to be open to operate . The company jumped in and donated resources because it knew that without the repairs , Napali Kayak would be in financial trouble . "  If the park is not open , it would be extreme for us , to say the least , " he said . "  Bankruptcy would be imminent . How many years can you be expected to continue operating , owning 15-passenger vans , $ 2 million in insurance and a staff ? For us , it was crucial , and our survival was dependent on it . That park is the key to the sheer survival of the business . " So Slack , other business owners and residents made the decision not to sit on their hands and wait for state money that many expected would never come . Instead , they pulled together machinery and manpower and hit the ground running March 23 . Watch the volunteers repairing the road " And after only eight days , all of the repairs were done , Pleas said . It was a shockingly quick fix to a problem that may have taken much longer if they waited for state money to funnel in . "  We can wait around for the state or federal government to make this move , or we can go out and do our part , " Slack said . "  Just like everyone 's sitting around waiting for a stimulus check , we were waiting for this but decided we could n't wait anymore . " Thielen has been waiting , too . She wants the legislature to approve her Recreation Renaissance project , a $ 240 million booster shot to help fix parks across the state . Without it , at least five state parks may be forced to close , and there would be no emergency repair money to fix Polihale State Park . "  We should n't have to do this , but when it gets to a state level , it just gets so bureaucratic , something that took us eight days would have taken them years , " said Troy Martin of Martin Steel , who donated machinery and steel for the repairs . "  So we got together -- the community -- and we got it done . " See photos of the volunteers working to repair the road " The park is a fixture on the west side of the island and a favorite spot for many in the area , but it 's also a hub for tourists . "  Tourism is our lifeblood . It 's what pays all of our bills , " Slack said . "  The money that pours in comes from tourism is really an important factor for everyone here in Hawaii , and it 's such an important time to encourage tourism . " And it 's an important time to keep jobs , which were threatened if the park had to remain closed . In February , Kauai 's unemployment rate was at 9.1 percent , up from 2.8 percent during the same time in 2008 , according to Hawaii 's Department of Labor . "  I think it 's crucial to say the doors are open , everyone is ready , " Slack said . "  So when one of the most important parks in Hawaii is closed , it really changes things . " Now , because of their hard work , volunteers hope they 'll be ready to send that positive message -- right in time for the tourist season . Slack said he likes to have business up and running by April 15 , and the season gets busy around May 1 . The business owners and residents are hopeful that their generous contributions in time and resources mean the park should officially open soon . Pleas says they have only to get the new bridge certified and do minor cleanup . "  A lot of people are quietly sitting by , waiting for it to open , " Slack said . "  This really this is one of the nicest parks in the state and in all of Hawaii , in the entire state parks department . Now , hopefully , those people get their wish . "	Some business owners will be in trouble if park does n't reopen Park closed after floods destroyed access road , facilities State did n't have money to make repairs , so residents did it themselves Business owner : "  Something that took us eight days would have taken them years "
An interactive map showing the names and addresses of all handgun permit holders in New York 's Westchester and Rockland counties has infuriated many readers since it was posted Saturday on a newspaper 's website . The map , published by The Journal News , allows readers to zoom in on red dots that indicate which residents are licensed to own pistols or revolvers . It had prompted more than 1,700 comments as of Wednesday morning . Blue dots indicate permit holders who "  have purchased a firearm or updated the information on a permit in the past five years . " "  So should we start wearing yellow Stars of David so the general public can be aware of who we are ?? " one commenter wrote . "  This is crazy ! " wrote another . Opinion : Guns endanger more than they protect Some of those responding threatened to cancel their subscriptions or boycott the publication . "  I hope you lose readers now , " one wrote . The paper 's publisher , Janet Hasson , president of the Journal News Media Group , defended the decision in a statement Wednesday . "  One of our roles is to report publicly available information on timely issues , even when unpopular . We knew publication of the database  as well as the accompanying article providing context  would be controversial , but we felt sharing information about gun permits in our area was important in the aftermath of the Newtown shootings , " she said . The newspaper also said it had wanted to publish even more information . "  We were surprised when we were n't able to obtain information on what kinds and how many weapons people in our market own , " the newspaper said in a statement . County clerks ' offices had told the paper that "  the public does not have the right to see specific permits an individual has been issued , the types of handguns a person possesses or the number of guns he or she owns , " the statement said . "  Had we been able to obtain those records , we would have published them . " The map came about in the wake of the massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , The Journal News said . "  In the past week , conversation on our opinion pages and on our website , LoHud.com , has been keenly focused on gun control , " the newspaper 's editor and vice president , CynDee Royle , said in a statement Tuesday . The names and addresses of the two counties ' permit-holding residents were obtained through the Freedom of Information Act . The website notes that the map does not indicate whether the residents own handguns , only that they are legally able to , and that the data do not pertain to rifles or shotguns , which can be bought without a permit . NRA doubles down : New gun laws wo n't work Still , hundreds of residents were shocked to see their information posted without their being notified . Some said the map would prompt burglaries because thieves are now aware of where weapons might be found . "  Now everyone knows where the legal guns are kept , a valuable piece of information for criminals , " a commenter wrote . "  Why do n't you do something helpful , like trying to find out where the illegal guns are kept ? " A great majority of readers commenting at CNN.com were opposed to the newspaper 's move , but some defended it on the grounds that the public has a right to know who might own weapons . One commenter wrote : "  If you 're a gun owner it 's a matter of public record . If you 're embarrassed by your gun , get rid of it . I have a car and a house -- they 're no secret . People contact me all the time trying to sell me stuff . I do n't expect a right to privacy for these things . " Another wrote , "  Every gun manufactured , transferred , and sold should be on the internet , all on one website , including date of purchase , current owner , stored location , and gun license number . " Several Twitter commenters also came out in support in tweets to CNN : -- "  The gun permit maps are an effective way of showing how horribly widespread gun ownership is . " -- "  please thank them . This could be a turning point . I do not want my daughter playing in a house with guns . " -- "  LOVE the Gun License map ! Excellent information to anyone concerned with who they live around ! " The Journal News argued that residents have a right to access information regarding weapon holders in Westchester and Rockland communities . "  Our readers are understandably interested to know about guns in their neighborhoods , " Royle said in her statement . In an article about the uproar , The Journal News says many of the thousands of people who "  have taken to their computers and phones in rage " live outside the counties covered by the map . In searching through hundreds of comments listed on the website , CNN did not immediately see any in support of the newspaper 's decision to publish the interactive map . The Journal News said it published an article in 2006 that received similar responses , but this time around , social media spread the story far and wide . In 2007 , roanoke.com , the website of The Roanoke Times , published a list of Virginians licensed to carry concealed weapons , and then deleted it the next day . The paper explained that the list , originally published as part of an opinion column , was removed "  out of concern that it might include names that should not have been made public . " The Poynter Institute , a school for journalists , notes that some other news agencies have published various types of databases as well . "  Publishing gun owners ' names makes them targets for theft or public ridicule . It is journalistic arrogance to abuse public record privilege , just as it is to air 911 calls for no reason or to publish the home addresses of police or judges without cause , " Al Tompkins , a Poynter senior faculty member , said in a statement Wednesday . "  Unwarranted publishing of the names of permitted owners just encourages gun owners to skip the permitting . " The paper said Royle was not available for interviews Wednesday . Little common ground between pro- and anti-gun forces	The publisher issues a statement supporting the decision Other news agencies have published similar databases in the past Poynter Institute senior faculty member calls newspaper 's move "  journalist arrogance " "  Readers are understandably interested " in gun data , newspaper editor says
CNN  Police in Mesa , Arizona , know some things about Ryan Elliot Giroux , accused in a string of shootings that left one man dead and five people wounded . He 's 41 , has an extensive criminal record and served time in prison , according to online inmates records . He 's on probation . Giroux used to have tattoos indicating white supremacist beliefs on his face but apparently had them removed , according to photos . One thing investigators do n't know : What caused Giroux to allegedly go on a deadly rampage . On Thursday morning , Giroux made his first court appearance . He faces multiple charges , including murder , armed robbery with a deadly weapon , kidnapping , aggravated assault and burglary . The prosecutor requested $ 2 million bond and the judge imposed it . Grioux has been sent to prison twice for felonies , including an attempt to commit aggravated assault . He was sentenced to seven years and six months behind bars in July 2007 , but was released in October 2013 , according to online inmate records . His probation runs through October 2016 . He also had a run-in with authorities in Santa Monica , California . He allegedly committed assault with a knife in the early morning hours of March 26 , 2006 , and was detained by witnesses , said Santa Monica Police spokesman Sgt. Rudy Camarena . Giroux was arrested on accusations of attempted murder and parole violation , but police records were n't immediately clear on how the case was resolved , Camarena said Thursday . Police are looking for a motive in the first shooting on Wednesday , but say the other violence happened as the suspect tried to rob people and get away from authorities . The first shots were fired after the suspect got into an argument at the Tri-City Inn with three people that he likely knew , according to Det. Esteban Flores of the Mesa police . One man shot at the Tri-City Inn died , Flores said . Police identified him as David James Williams , 29 , reported CNN affiliate KNXV . The motel is across the street from the East Valley Institute of Technology . According to a police press release , the suspect next shot a man during a carjacking at a nearby restaurant and drove away in a stolen Honda Accord . Grioux tried to carjack another vehicle but failed , police said , and crossed the street to break into an apartment , where he shot and tried to rob a fifth person . He went to another apartment complex and shot a sixth person , police said , before fleeing to a condominium complex . Flores said Mesa 's SWAT team found Grioux in a vacant second-floor condo . Police used a Taser stun gun to subdue him . Police said one man is in critical condition at a hospital , KNXV reported . The other victims , including the mother of the slain man , were treated and released from hospitals , KNXV reported . Authorities on Thursday released a photo of a bruised Giroux in which he had a tattoo on his neck but no tattoos on his face . An Arizona Department of Correction 's photo released earlier showed a heavily tattooed Giroux , with the words "  Skin " and "  head " tattooed over his eyebrows . The number 88 was on his left temple , with additional ink on his chin and neck . "  Those are typical tattoos that you do see sometimes on white supremacists , but we do n't know if that has anything to do with what happened today , " Flores said . Neo-Nazis use the number 88 as an abbreviation for "  Heil Hitler . " H is the eighth letter in the alphabet , so the Nazi salute becomes 88 in shorthand . Flores said he believes all of the shooting victims were white , with one being white and of Hispanic descent . "  I have no information that his  Giroux 's  affiliations or beliefs had anything to do with what occurred today , " Flores said . News of the shootings caught the attention of the state 's senior U.S. senator . "  My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families impacted by the tragedy in Mesa today , " U.S. Sen. John McCain said in a statement released Wednesday . "  Our deepest thanks are with the Valley police and first responders who assisted the victims and tracked down the perpetrator to bring this dangerous situation to an end . " Mesa is about 20 miles east of Phoenix and is Arizona 's third-largest city . CNN 's Stephanie Elam , Amanda Watts , Steve Almasy , Jason Hanna , Tina Burnside , Tony Marco , Stella Chan and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Ryan Elliot Giroux , 41 , accused of murder , burglary and many other offenses Giroux was arrested in California in 2006 in a knife assault case , police say
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A series of deadly bombings claimed more than a dozen lives in Iraq Saturday , according to police and health officials . Seven people were killed and 28 others wounded when three roadside bombs exploded mid-morning in the busy Bab al-Sharji commercial district of central Baghdad , police officials said . Another six men died and 10 others were injured when a roadside bomb hit a minibus carrying young laborers and construction workers in al-Annaz area in eastern Falluja , health and police officials said . The blast occurred at about 5.30 a.m. local time in what is a predominately Sunni area . "  The victims were traveling every day in a minibus from Abu Ghraib to Falluja to work in a number of reconstruction sites , " police officer Ahmed Salman told CNN . Meanwhile , the Iraqi army held a military parade in Falluja , sending hundreds of Iraqi soldiers accompanied by military vehicles through the main streets of the town Saturday morning , police told CNN . The military parade was part of preparations for the Iraqi army to take over full responsibility for security after U.S. troops leave Iraq on December 31 this year . Violence in Iraq has declined from its peak , but attacks around the country continue to cause deaths and injury . On Thursday , 19 people were killed and dozens others were hurt when three explosions hit a commercial district in Basra , an oil-rich , predominantly Shiite city about 500 kilometers  310 miles  south of Baghdad .	Three roadside bombs went off in a commercial district of Baghdad , police said Another bomb hit a minibus carrying laborers in eastern Falluja , officials said Iraq 's army will take over full responsibility for security when U.S. forces leave next month
EW.com  -- AMC has ordered two new drama pilots with sky-high concepts and historical settings from producers of well-known shows . The first is "  Halt & Catch Fire , " which depicts the personal computing boom in the 1980s . But instead of being set in all-too-familiar Silicon Valley , the setting is Texas ' "  Silicon Prairie "  which generally refers to the tech community in the Dallas and Fort Worth suburbs  . EW.com : ` Revolution ' creator talks fall finale , says second half is better than first Characters will include a fictional visionary , an engineer and a prodigy whose "  innovations directly confront the corporate behemoths of the time . " The drama is created by Chris Cantwell and Chris Rodgers , with Mark Johnson and Melissa Bernstein  "  Breaking Bad "  as executive producers . The second is a Revolutionary War drama called "  Turn " that 's based on the book "  Washington 's Spies " by Alexander Rose . It 's set in the summer of 1778 and tells the story of New York farmer Abe Woodhull , "  who bands together with a group of childhood friends to form The Culper Ring , an unlikely group of spies who turn the tide in America 's fight for independence . " "  Turn " is written by showrunner Craig Silverstein  "  Nikita "  and executive produced by Barry Josephson  "  Bones "  . EW.com : ` Key & Peele ' renewed for third season , thanks to Obama "  These additional pilot orders demonstrate AMC 's investment in our original scripted programming , " said Susie Fitzgerald , AMC 's SVP of scripted development and current programming . "  Both of these projects take the audience into unique worlds through compelling characters told with an original voice . We are so fortunate to be working with such exceptional talent on both of these projects . " The projects will contend for series orders against two previously announced projects , Detroit cop drama "  Low Winter Sun " and the "  Untitled LaGravenese/Tony Goldwyn project , " both of which recently completed production . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	AMC has ordered two new drama pilots The first depicts the personal computing boom of the '80s in Texas The second is a Revolutionary War drama based on the book Washington 's Spies
CNN  -- New York 's famous skyline may be getting a new addition : Wind turbines . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg says he wants to generate alternative energy for the city . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced plans to generate power from skyscraper-mounted turbines and offshore wind farms as part of an ambitious alternative-energy program . During a Tuesday night speech at an energy conference in Las Vegas , Nevada , Bloomberg vowed to "  kick alternative energy production into high gear in the Big Apple . " Bloomberg said the city is already asking companies with strong track records in producing renewable energy for "  their best ideas for creating both small - and large-scale projects serving New Yorkers . " He was not specific about which of the city 's skyscrapers or bridges would be candidates for turbines , but aides said some companies are experimenting with smaller turbine models that could be made to appear part of the design , reducing potential changes to the city 's famous skyline . For offshore locations , city aides told CNN the city is looking at the windy coast off Queens , Brooklyn and Long Island for turbines that could generate 10 percent of the city 's electricity needs within 10 years . Bloomberg said he would also ask investors and private companies to study how these technologies can be built and integrated into the city 's fabric . "  When it comes to producing clean power , we 're determined to make New York the No. 1 city in the nation , " he said . Watch Bloomberg outline his alternative energy hope for New York " But he said the alternative power projects that are now on the drawing board "  wo n't produce their first kilowatts of electricity for many years . "	New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced plans to generate power Plan calls for skyscraper-mounted turbines and offshore wind farms Tuesday in Las Vegas , Bloomberg challenged companies for ideas He did not say specifically which skyscrapers might be part of the plan
CNN  -- Pennsylvania State Police reported Tuesday a possible sighting of fugitive Eric Matthew Frein , who has been on the run for more than six weeks . Frein , 31 , is accused in the September 12 ambush shooting that left Cpl. Bryon Dickson dead and Trooper Alex T. Douglass wounded outside the Pennsylvania State Police barracks in Blooming Grove . He has eluded capture despite a large manhunt around Canadensis , Pennsylvania , where his family has a home . "  The possible sighting was by a resident . No further information regarding the sighting will be released at this time , " police spokeswoman Connie Devens said in an e-mail . Buck Hill Falls , a private community in the Pocono Mountains , said that security had been increased after a possible sighting . It urged people living in the community to safeguard themselves and their property . Search for suspected cop killer yields pipe bombs Police have not spoken about a possible motive , other than that Frein has talked and written about hating law enforcement . Authorities have said a review of a computer hard drive used by Frein shows that he had planned the attack for years . The manhunt has involved as many as 1,000 officers at times , some from other states . It has cost several million dollars . Police read excerpts of notes they say suspect left	Eric Matthew Frein is suspected in the September 12 ambush of two officers One of the officers died ; the other was wounded The possible sighting was reported by a resident
AOL Autos  -- Over the decades , I 've interviewed dozens of automotive engineers ; engine engineers , transmission engineers , chemical engineers , tire engineers , etc. . But never have I interviewed an engineer quite like Ford 's Cristina Rodriguez . Cristina Rodriguez has been with the Ford Motor Company for 12 years . What separates Crissy  what she prefers to be called at work  from other engineers is that it seems as though she was born be where she is today ; the Vehicle Dynamics Development Engineer of the 2010 Ford Taurus . The Taurus goes on sale this summer , and it is arguably the most important vehicle Ford announces this year . This thirty-something Puerto Rican is the only woman at Ford Motor Company to have achieved her status as a Vehicle Dynamics Development Engineer . The job is equal parts engineer , race driver and vehicle psychologist . "  As an engineer , I need to make sure the car is safe , " Rodriguez said . "  As a  race  driver I have to make sure the car handles well . And then I have to tune the car to have the right personality for being the latest Ford . " AOL Autos : Best sedans under $ 30K She goes on to define what how cars exhibit personality . "  Some cars have a more relaxed personality , so everything about the way they drive is soft and slower to react , " she said . "  Fords have a DNA that is sportier , more fun to drive , more responsive , more alive , so they need to feel that way . " You 'll be able to tell whether Rodriguez has done her job well when you get behind the wheel of the new Taurus . While we did n't get to drive the new Taurus , we did get an opportunity to ride in the high-performance Taurus SHO model at Ford Motor Company 's Dearborn , Michigan proving grounds  a special test track for developing new cars and trucks  . More on that experience later . AOL Autos : Best and worst automotive designs Preparing for success Rodriguez told us about her background in the automotive business . "  I 've grown into this job because Ford 's engineering group works on a model that emphasizes ` technical maturity . ' " AOL Autos : First drive of the 2010 Chevy Camaro For Rodriguez , this means that because she first possessed the technical background for the job , she was then able to develop and prove her practical skills on her way to becoming one of the company 's most influential engineers . She 's been with Ford 12 years . Matter-of-factly , Rodriguez elaborates . "  In this job , your body has to become a precisely calibrated instrument that can understand what the car 's mechanicals are doing , " she said . "  It takes a while to tune your body , but I 've been working on this particular chassis for eight years , so I really know what it 's capable of and how to make it respond . " While the 2010 Taurus is an all-new vehicle , it is related to other Ford products  the Lincoln MKS , Ford Flex , and the outgoing Ford Five Hundred/Taurus  . Rodriguez also contributed to the ride and handling on those vehicles , a task that began with the Ford Five Hundred back in 2001 . Born to Cuban parents who fled Castro 's communist regime , Rodriguez grew up in Puerto Rico . "  I learned to be a methodical thinker from my father , who was a chemical engineer , " she said . "  But it was my mother who was the mechanical one . She encouraged me when I was growing up to figure out how things worked , and she never got too mad at me when I put things back together and still had a few pieces left over . " While Rodriguez worked on her motor skills , another aspect of her life laid groundwork for her future success . "  I come from a very athletic family , " she said . "  My grandfathers and uncles played Olympic basketball , so we were always active . I can remember that when my brother enrolled in little league baseball , he did n't want to join without a friend , so my mother enrolled me with him . I was the only girl in the league . " We doubt Rodriguez throws like a girl . And if you thought we 'd make a joke about her driving like a woman ? Think again . We doubt anyone could keep up with her on a track , male or female . Regarding her education , her Bachelors in engineering came from Georgia Institute of Technology . She also earned a Masters from The University of Michigan in Ann Arbor . Mechanical engineering is a heavily male-dominated career path , but this has n't slowed Rodriguez 's progress . It is obvious that Rodriguez knows how to operate with the guys , without becoming one of the guys . Certainly , Rodriguez does n't look like a mechanical engineer : pocket protectors and out-of-style glasses do n't seem to be part of her wardrobe . Actually , she looks like she could be Indy Racing League driver Danica Patrick 's sister . This comparison is fitting given the ride we were about to experience . Spicing up the bull Rodriguez explained the process used to give a car a dynamic personality . "  First , we start with models generated by Computer Aided Engineering , " she said . "  These give us starting points for  suspension  spring rates , dampers , bar thicknesses , etc. . After that , everything we do is by the seat of the pants . That 's why it 's so important to have a feel for what 's happening at the road , because you end up becoming a cook who is perfecting a recipe by trial and error . We add more of this or take away some of that . Each change is designed to wake you up and make you feel alive behind the wheel , just like eating a great meal . " AOL Autos : 2009 best looking cars The 2010 Ford Taurus has four distinct suspension calibrations ; they are mechanical recipes , if you will . There 's one each for the front-wheel-drive Taurus , the all-wheel-drive Taurus , the all-wheel-drive high-performance SHO and the ultimate SHO fitted with the Performance Package . Rodriguez noted that each model has unique suspension calibrations that are based on the specific model 's equipment and personality . For example , the two non-SHO Taurus models must have the same feel even though one carries the additional weight of the all-wheel-drive system . "  The Taurus needs to be comfortably engaging , " she said . "  It ca n't be stiff like a  Mustang  Shelby GT500 , but it also ca n't be too soft like a Toyota Camry . We wanted to keep most of the suppleness of the Lincoln MKS sedan , but make it more responsive . " AOL Autos : First drive of the 2010 Ford Mustang Shelby GT The move from the regular Taurus to the SHO edition is dramatic . This is where about 10-percent more chili powder and cayenne pepper get added to the recipe . Nearly every tunable suspension component is changed between the base model and the SHO , resulting in a much more dynamic drive . The step up from the SHO to the SHO with the Performance Pack tightens everything even further  more chilies  , including another 20-percent on the dampers  those would be struts and shock absorbers to non-engineers  , then 9-percent stiffer rear springs , and a thicker rear anti-roll bar . These changes make the most performance-oriented SHO a more neutral handling car that drivers should find exceptionally agile and immediately responsive . Riding shotgun in the Ford Taurus SHO Rodriguez was only too willing to take us for a ride to demonstrate what she had been talking about , "  This car is really my pride and joy . I think you 're going to like it . " With that , she moved the floor-shifter into Sport mode and took off . Riding along in the passenger seat , we could n't help but feel how effortlessly the twin-turbocharged EcoBoost engine took the full-size Taurus well above legal speeds . Unlike turbocharged cars from decades past , the SHO did not seem to exhibit any turbo lag . And the turbochargers sounded quiet  no turbo whine or unrefined popping and hissing  . The EcoBoost is efficient , too , although EPA numbers are n't yet available . From where we sat , the ride was firm but not harsh , even as Crissy drove us over test roads that were intentionally bumpy and pocked . By far , the most fun was riding along on the handling course . This smooth , serpentine ribbon features undulating hills and off-camber curves . Normally , one would n't expect a full-size car to be at home here . The steering would be too slow and the handing ponderous . We were n't behind the wheel , but we got the impression that the Taurus SHO is no traditional full-size car . The SHO 's heavy-duty six-speed gearbox felt quick and smooth from a passenger 's perspective , and as Rodriguez increased engine speed , the growl came from under the hood , not the exhaust . Rodriguez confirmed that the turbochargers absorb much of the exhaust noise . The faster Rodriguez drove , the smaller the Taurus seemed to get , easily carving lines between and through the corners . The roll of the body felt well controlled from a passenger 's perspective , and it never wallowed . Watching Rodriguez dial in the steering , the car felt like it responded quickly and directly . Compared to an all-wheel-drive Taurus , the SHO 's unit gets unique tuning with a greater power bias to the rear wheels for a more balanced feel , and the car seemed to rotate around the corners effortlessly . We ca n't wait to get behind the wheel ourselves later this spring , when we 'll provide a full road test . "  After doing this for 12 years , " Rodriguez said . "  I know what a car should feel like , and I do n't get questioned anymore , " Rodriguez said . In other words , Rodriguez earned the respect of other engineers , making it completely understandable why Ford would trust her to tune the ride of this very important new car . After about 30 minutes of trashing around Ford 's Dearborn proving grounds , Crissy Rodriguez aptly demonstrated that she and the team she 's part of knows how to dial in the suspension of a performance car . As she pressed the Start/Stop button on the SHO 's dash , Rodriguez said , "  I think I 've got the best job at Ford . " We 'd agree .	Ford 's Cristina Rodriguez is an engineer and race car driver As child , she took things apart , put them back together , some parts left over Rodriguez designed Taurus 2010 , one of Ford 's most important vehicles Your body has to be precisely calibrated instrument to understand car 's mechanicals
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Daniel Rendon Herrera , Colombia 's most-wanted drug kingpin suspect , was arrested early Wednesday , Colombian President Alvaro Uribe announced at a news conference . Police escort suspected drug kingpin Daniel Rendon Herrera , left , on Wednesday in Bogota , Colombia . The government had offered $ 2.1 million , or 5 billion pesos , for information that would lead to the arrest of Rendon , also known as Don Mario . Officials said Wednesday that they will determine how that reward will be paid . Rendon , who was captured in the Uraba region of northwestern Colombia , was transferred to the capital , Bogota , on Wednesday afternoon . A live TV broadcast of his arrival at the Military Airport of Catam , on the outskirts of Bogota , showed a somber-looking Rendon being led off an airplane to a police van . Rendon was wearing a two-toned , gray and blue shirt and gray pants , and his hands were bound in front of him with white plastic cuffs . The arrival was broadcast on CNN affiliate Caracol TV . Uribe , whose news conference also was televised , said he learned of the arrest while meeting in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , with Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva . The Colombian president called Rendon "  one of the most feared narcotraffickers and criminals in the world . " The president 's Web site also carried news of the arrest . The United States had issued an extradition order for Rendon , whom 300 members of an elite police unit captured . Thirty members of Rendon 's gang were arrested with him , El Tiempo newspaper said on its Web site . Authorities had been concentrating on Rendon 's capture for the past nine months and moved undercover operatives into the area where he was hiding on April 6 , Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos said . Authorities nearly captured Rendon twice in the past few months , but he escaped , Santos said at the military airport . The suspect was found in the jungle , where he had been hiding for two days . "  He was virtually like a dog , " Santos said . Telephone intercepts , human intelligence and cooperation from the United States were crucial in Rendon 's capture , El Tiempo newspaper said . Santos also issued a message Wednesday to a cartel suspect he identified only as "  El Cuchillo , " the Knife . "  My message is that he give up , because he is next , " Santos said . "  We are getting close . " Rendon is the brother of the imprisoned Freddy Rendon Herrera , known as "  El Aleman "  the German  for the efficiency with which he ran his drug operation .	NEW : Suspect had been hiding in jungle for two days , defense chief says Daniel Rendon Herrera is Colombia 's most-wanted drug kingpin suspect Rendon "  one of the most feared narcotraffickers " in world , Colombian leader says Thirty members of gang also arrested , report says
Washington  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration says registration records for as many as one-third of all private aircraft are out-of-date and inaccurate , and has begun the process of re-registering aircraft in the United States -- a task made more urgent by the threat posed by criminals and terrorists . Of the 357,000 registered aircraft in the United States , records for about 119,000 are believed to be out of date , with many of them believed to be junked or inactive aircraft , the FAA said . But the inaccurate records also could conceal criminal or even terrorist activity , say some security and aviation experts , who say it is critical that the FAA restore order to its records . To deal with the disarray , the FAA is in the process of canceling registration for all civil aircraft -- a category that includes virtually everything except military aircraft -- and requiring the owners to re-register . The re-registrations will be phased-in over three years , and aircraft owners will be required to renew the registrations every three years thereafter . "  These improvements will give us more up-to-date registration data and better information about the state of the aviation industry , " FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt said in July , when the rule took effect . The FAA has long grappled with getting a handle on its records , in recent years requiring owners to report the sale of aircraft , the scrapping or destruction of aircraft , or a change in mailing address . But many owners have not complied with those requirements , the FAA said . And many aircraft owners do not voluntarily update the database with other information , it said . The FAA 's database identifies each aircraft by its registration number -- or "  N " number , which is displayed on the plane 's tail or fuselage -- its complete description , and the name and address of its registered owner . In seeking to upgrade the requirement three years ago , the FAA noted that various levels of law enforcement use the database in drug smuggling investigations and "  their efforts now have expanded to include matters of homeland security . " Proper records can assist investigators , aviation and security . Authorities routinely check the "  N " number , or tail number , of suspicious planes , or planes that have entered restricted airspace . Just as importantly , an accurate database can help the FAA notify aircraft owners of safety-related information , such as Airworthiness Directives . The incomplete records are a security concern , but probably not a security problem , " said Chris Dancy , a spokesman for the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association . "  Most of these planes are probably right where they 're supposed to be . The FAA has just lost track of them through lost paperwork or the database not being updated or the owners not answering the triennial survey that the FAA sends out , " Dancy said . "  So they 're probably where they are supposed to be -- owned by the people the FAA last has record of . They just do n't know that . " Dancy said most aircraft owners recognize the need for accurate records , and that AOPA has tried to minimize the inconveniences associated with re-registration . "  We offered some suggestions when the  new requirement was proposed  to try to make it a little less burdensome . But the fact of the matter is that the database is woefully out of date . It does need to be brought up to date . We thought it could be done without canceling current registrations . The FAA decided canceling was the best way . It 's now the law of the land , " he said .	Of 357,000 registered aircraft in U.S. , records for about 119,000 are believed out of date Inaccurate records can conceal criminal or terrorist activity , experts say To deal with the disarray , the FAA is in process of canceling registration for all civil aircraft
CNN  -- The security chief at One World Trade Center in New York City has stepped down after embarrassing security breaches at the site . David Velazquez , a former FBI agent , resigned Friday , said Jordan Barowitz , director of external affairs for the Durst Organization . The Durst Organization handles security on the inside of the building and the Port Authority is in charge of the grounds . A few weeks ago Justin Casquejo , 16 , sneaked past security and made his way to the 104th floor of the 1,776-foot building , the tallest in the United States . On Monday , four men were arrested for a base jumping stunt at the building . Authorities said three men slipped through security September 30 and parachuted from the building while a fourth man stood lookout on the ground . Velazquez had been with Durst since 2013 and took the top security job in January 2014 . Barowitz said the resignation is not immediate . A successor has not been named . Elizabeth Landers in New York City has contributed to this report .	David Velazquez submitted his resignation Friday A few weeks ago , a teen climbed to the top of the building In September , 3 men parachuted from the building
CNN  More than 20 years after his death from suicide , Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain continues to fascinate . On Wednesday , the trailer was released for an eagerly anticipated HBO documentary on the singer 's life . "  Montage of Heck " is directed by Brett Morgen and offers an intimate portrayal of one of the architects of grunge music . The trailer features bits of interviews with those closest to the performer , including family members ; his wife , musician Courtney Love ; and Nirvana bassist Krist Novoselic . A companion book containing art and archival documents from Cobain is being produced to accompany the film . Morgen , who also directed the documentary "  The Kid Stays in the Picture " about producer Robert Evans , said the soundtrack for the documentary will include "  a mind-blowing 12-minute acoustic Cobain unheard track . " Unreleased Kurt Cobain song to appear on ` Montage of Heck ' soundtrack "  Montage of Heck " has won raves on the festival circuit and will premiere on HBO on May 4 .	The trailer surfaced on Wednesday The documentary is winning raves It premieres on HBO on May 4
PARIS , France  CNN  -- No matter when you go , Paris has that certain ` je ne sais quoi ' that makes it special . But time your visit right and you could find yourself taking part in one of the city 's signature events . Ice skating in front of the grand facade of the Hotel de Ville on a crisp winter day . Fashion Weeks Paris is eponymous with style , and fashionistas will be in seventh heaven during the city 's haute couture fashion weeks , in January and June/July each year . Celeb-spotting , cooing over clothes and scrambling for a seat at Galliano are par for the course : just make sure your image is up to it . Bastille Day If freedom and fireworks are your thing , what better time to be in Paris than 14 July , or Bastille Day , when you can celebrate the storming of the hated prison , symbol of repression and aristocratic excess . Watch the military parade down the Champs Elysees , enjoy the Eiffel Tower fireworks from the Champ de Mars , and raise a glass to liberte , egalite and fraternite . No guillotines allowed -- and most of the metros are closed , so be prepared to walk home . Paris Plages It 's still true that many of Paris ' residents leave the city in August , shutting up shop and heading to the beach , but for the past few years the Paris Plages have brought that holiday feel to the city . Sand dunes , swimming pools and petanque are all things you might associate with France 's south coast resorts , but all can be found on the riverbank from late July until late August each year . The FIAC  International Fair of Contemporary Art  October 's Foire Internationale d'Art Contemporain  FIAC  sees gallery-owners and collectors of contemporary art descend on the Louvre and the Grand Palais for one of the art world 's major dates . There 's an emphasis on up-and-coming artists and newer galleries from across Europe . Works of art in all media -- painting , drawing , prints , photography , sculpture and more -- are on display and available to purchase . Ice skating in front of Hotel de Ville If you like your outdoor pursuits to be frosty and free , you 'll love the ice rink that 's outside the Hotel de Ville every December until March . Rent your skates or bring your own and glide around the rink , hand in hand with a loved one , gazing at the beautiful buildings that surround the square , then warm up with a chocolat chaud at a nearby cafe . Could Paris be any more romantic ?	The biggest date in the calendar is 14 July , which celebrates the French revolution From July to August , sun worshippers can bathe on beaches on the riverbank Style gurus migrate to the city twice a year to take part in fashion week In Winter , ice skate in front of the Hotel de Ville for the ultimate romantic moment
CNN  -- Dani Pedrosa may have missed out on the MotoGP world title yet again , but the Spanish motorcycle star is determined to finish the 2012 season on a high note at one of his favorite tracks on Sunday . The Honda rider smashed Valentino Rossi 's lap record at the Ricardo Tormo circuit in Valencia on Saturday to claim pole position for the final race . He clocked one minute 30.844 seconds near the end of the session to head off compatriot Jorge Lorenzo , who clinched his second world title for Yamaha at the penultimate race in Australia last month . Last year 's world champion Casey Stoner , who won at Phillip Island , will complete the front row in his final race for Honda before retiring . "  It was almost a perfect lap and I gave 100 % because I knew I would n't be able to improve any more as the tires were very good for the first lap and then the drop in grip was quite severe , " said Pedrosa , who will finish second in the championship for the third time since stepping up to the elite class in 2006 . The 27-year-old has won five times at the circuit in MotoGP 's three divisions . "  I 'm very happy with the pole position and the new record because Valentino 's old record was done with qualifying tires . We had only one dry session to test the new asphalt , " he said . "  We still have to decide on the tires for tomorrow because we have used only the soft compound , but it depends on the weather -- if it rains we will need to take what we learned yesterday . I really would like to win here and finish the season with a good race . " Stoner , whose title defense was derailed by injury , has two wins and two second placings in Valencia since his MotoGP debut in 2006 but the Australian is not comfortable with the track 's new surface . "  Qualifying did n't really go to plan , it was a pretty frustrating session . Due to the miserable weather this weekend , we had a lot of work to do in a very short space of time , we did make some good progress but unfortunately we could n't find enough before the end of the session , " the 27-year-old said after setting a time of 1:31.428 . "  There is a new surface here and we expected everything to be really good and smooth but in fact we 've found there are a lot of bumps on the circuit . Hopefully the weather is dry tomorrow and we can take that extra step in warm-up . " Lorenzo , who will be rejoined by Rossi at Yamaha next year , has won six out of 17 races and finished runner-up 10 times -- with just one retirement . "  It seems like it 's going to be very close tomorrow . Dani is very strong here , not only in the dry but also in the wet and it seems it could be wet for the race , " he said after clocking 1:31.195 . "  I tried my best for pole position with the last rear tire but I did n't expect the lap time from Dani . " Seven-time world champion Rossi has not won at Valencia since 2004 , and his hopes of a repeat seem slim after a poor final qualifying run for Ducati . The Italian , who has stood on the podium just twice in two years away from Yamaha , finished Saturday 's session back in 11th -- more than two seconds slower than Pedrosa . He set the previous lap record of 1:31:002 in 2006 .	Spanish motorcyclist Dani Pedrosa wins pole at final race of MotoGP season Honda rider breaks Valentino Rossi 's lap record at Valencia circuit He heads the front row from world champion Jorge Lorenzo and Casey Stoner Stoner , the 2011 world champion , will retire from the sport after Sunday 's race
CNN Student News  -- November 17 , 2009 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Shanghai , China • Mecca , Saudi Arabia • Thomson , Illinois Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . NASA MISSION CONTROL : Three ... two ... one ... zero . And liftoff of space shuttle Atlantis on a mission to build , resupply and to do research on the international space station . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : The space shuttle Atlantis taking off , and so is this edition of CNN Student News . Here to pilot you through today 's commercial-free headlines , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Obama Town Hall AZUZ : Dining with dignitaries and town halls about Twitter ? Part of President Obama 's time in China . Today , he 's scheduled to hold official meetings with the country 's leader , President Hu Jintao . But yesterday , President Obama was in Shanghai , where he took part in a town hall meeting with local university students . During the event , he said that while the two countries sometimes disagree , they do n't necessarily have to be at odds with each other . He also took questions from the audience . One of them about Twitter . A student asked if Chinese residents should be able to use the site freely . China -- a communist country -- has routinely blocked its citizens ' access to certain Web sites . President Obama used his answer to talk about censorship and said that he believes when information flows openly , it makes a society stronger . GM Results AZUZ : In America , General Motors says that better results might help it pay back government loans sooner rather than later . But "  better " is the key word here . From July , when GM came out of bankruptcy , through the end of September , the company 's North American operations lost 651 million dollars . Still , that 's better than the $ 2.1 billion it expected to lose . GM has received a total of $ 50 billion dollars from the U.S. government since the end of last year . Some experts ask how much of that money will ever be repaid . Fast Facts MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for some Fast Facts ! The Hajj is an annual journey to the Muslim holy city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia . Islam requires all Muslims who are able to make the journey at least once in their lives as it 's one of the five pillars , or requirements , of the Muslim faith . The Hajj includes five days of ceremonies and rituals and takes place two months and ten days after the end of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . More than two million Muslims take part every year . Hajj H1N1 Concerns AZUZ : There are some concerns about this year 's Hajj and how it might help spread the H1N1 virus . Think about this : millions of people gathered together and the possibilities of a contagious flu . Saudi Arabia says it wo n't turn anyone away , but it 's encouraging other countries not to let people in high-risk groups -- for example , pregnant women , anyone under 12 or over 65 -- make the ritual pilgrimage . It 's suggesting that people who do travel to Mecca for the Hajj get the H1N1 vaccine before they come and to wash their hands regularly once they get there . Detainees in the Heartland ? AZUZ : The town of Thomson is about 150 miles away from Chicago , Illinois . And that is one reason why some people are against a proposal that would move Guantanamo detainees into the town 's prison . We 're talking about dozens of suspected terrorists that are being held at the U.S. naval base in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . One U.S. congressman argues that moving them to Thomson would turn metro Chicago into "  ground zero for terrorist plots . " Officials toured the Thomson Correctional Center yesterday . Elaine Quijano talked with some of the town 's residents about this idea . BEGIN VIDEO ELAINE QUIJANO , CNN WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT : At the Maximum Security Thomson Correctional Center in Northwest Illinois , federal officials from a host of agencies poured in . Representing the departments of Homeland Security , Defense and Justice , and the U.S. Bureau of Prisons , the officials got a close-up look at the 1,600 cell jail that could one day house dozens of Guantanamo terror suspects . Tara Kleckner can see the Thomson Prison from her backyard . She understands the security concerns about the increased threat that would come with having terror suspects in her home town . But she insists the community 's 600 residents deserve a chance at the prison jobs that would also come if the detainees are moved here . TARA KLECKNER , THOMSON RESIDENT : If they can boost our economy and give our people the opportunity to prosper and make more money and make a better living for their families , I think the risk is worth it . QUIJANO : Both the Democratic Senator and governor of Illinois agree . SEN. DICK DURBIN  D  OF ILLINOIS : We have a chance to bring more than 2,000 good-paying jobs with benefits to this region . QUIJANO : Yet Illinois House Republicans , like Congressman Donald Manzullo , who 's district includes Thomson , warned that bringing terror suspects to U.S. soil would invite a terrorist attack . REP. DONALD MANZULLO  R  OF ILLINOIS : That 's all we need in northern Illinois , is to be known as the Gitmo North . The place that replaced Gitmo . QUIJANO : While Thomson resident Randy Stricker likes the idea of jobs , he wonders at what cost . RANDY STRICKER , THOMSON RESIDENT : Kind of leery a little bit , I guess . It makes you nervous . Yeah a little bit . END VIDEO Shoutout MICHELLE WRIGHT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Miss Hill 's social studies classes at Madison County Middle School in Comer , Georgia ! If you want a Shoutout dedicated to your class , have your teacher send us an iReport . How much trash does the average American generate in one day ? Is it : A  .5 pounds , B  2.1 pounds , C  3.3 pounds or D  More than 4 pounds ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The average American creates more than 4 pounds of garbage every day . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Tracking Trash AZUZ : All right ... but once we toss it , where does all that trash go ? And I do n't mean just some landfill somewhere . That was a group a group of researchers that wanted to find out exactly where trash goes . So , they 're tracking it down , from the time it gets tossed until it reaches its final destination . As Patrick Oppmann explains , the goal of the project is to get people thinking about what they throw away . BEGIN VIDEO PATRICK OPPMANN , CNN ALL-PLATFORM JOURNALIST , SEATTLE : The waste of our lives : newspapers , empty milk cartons , plastic bottles . Many people throw out an aluminum soda can like this and never give it another thought . But if you knew how far this can will travel and the cost involved , you might think twice about what you 're throwing out . Call it tracking trash . That 's what a group of MIT researchers are doing . ASSAF BIDERMAN , MIT SENSEABLE CITY LAB : When you throw it away , it sends a message . It gets picked up by the truck , it sends another message . OPPMANN : They are attaching 3,000 electronic trackers like this one to the trash of people who volunteered for the study . BIDERMAN : What would it be like to live in an environment where every object is addressable ? You know what it is , you know where it is in real time . Can we create a situation of minimum waste ? CARLO RATTI , MIT SENSEABLE CITY LAB : Today , we know a lot of things about the global supply chain . And that 's how everything comes together on the planet . Goods are moved and they come together ; are produced , assembled and sold . But we know very , very little about what you could call the removal chain ; and that 's about trash . STEPHANIE CHANG , STUDY VOLUNTEER : Steel can , old ziplock ... OPPMANN : That removal chain starts on the houseboat of study volunteers Ethan O'Connor and Stephanie Chang . Researcher Malima Wolf shows them how to put a tracker on their trash where it wo n't be seen or fall off . MALIMA WOLF , MIT SENSEABLE CITY LAB : We do n't want to put it right on the fold . We want to put it kind of near this fold . So , let 's tape it in there . OPPMANN : So , there 's a strategy element in all this . WOLF : Yes , absolutely . I mean , you do have to think it through with each piece , unfortunately . Some of them you 're not going to have a lot of choice . Like this metal pipe . If we want to tag this , we 're just going to have to tape something on the outside . And unfortunately , it 's going to look like you taped something to a metal pipe . But with this cardboard box , we can actually hide it on the inside . OPPMANN : The study is n't complete , but the tracking technology shows the couple 's trash has already traveled tens of miles . Some may end up in landfills , some in recycling plants , some even thousands of miles away . Tossed in the trash , but not forgotten . Patrick Oppman , CNN , Seattle . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : Your favorite Web site has a new look ! And it is awesome . Check it out : Head to the U.S. page on CNN.com -- we 're off the U.S. page now -- scroll down to Student News , and just click on through . Or , you can always type "  CNNStudentNews.com " into your browser . And once you get there , that link for your teachers to send us an iReport Shoutout request is right in the Spotlight section . Before We Go AZUZ : Well before we go ... CHRIS PARRY , MARKETING MANAGER , MORSAN FARMS : When you look at Missy , she has a lot of style , a lot of presence . She knows she 's pretty . AZUZ : Oh sure , the kid 's cute and all , but coming up right here is one fine looking cow ! Beauty may be priceless ; Missy the cow sure ai n't . She went for more than a million dollars at an auction over the weekend . Now you might be asking yourself why . According to the bovine genetic index , Missy might just be the world 's most perfect cow . Goodbye AZUZ : Which truly makes her a rare breed . We 're gon na mooooo-ve it on out of here . For CNN Student ` Moos , ' I 'm Carl Azuz .	Hear how Saudi Arabia plans to combat H1N1 during the annual Hajj Weigh the pros and cons of moving Guantanamo detainees to Illinois Track down the reason why some MIT researchers are tracing trash Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- When former Brazil international captain Cafu is asked why he became a professional footballer , he gives a simple reply . "  I was born in 1970 , " he says . That may seem like a slightly abstract answer to those unfamiliar with South America 's most populous nation . To those from the land of sun , samba and the beautiful game , however , it makes perfect historical sense . That was the year of the 1970 World Cup in Mexico , where Pele , Jairzinho , Rivelino , Carlos Alberto and Co. dazzled an international audience with a style of football seldom seen since . There are even some who maintain this Brazil side remains the greatest team in the history of the sport . "  That says it all about how I got into football , " Cafu told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I was born during World Cup time and from there it was just about giving sequence to what I really enjoyed and that was playing football . " A rampaging right-sided defender with seemingly endless stamina , Cafu played in four World Cups , captaining Brazil to football 's biggest prize in 2002 and starring in two others -- USA 1994 , where Brazil won and France 1998 where they lost 3-0 to the hosts in the final . He also became the most capped Brazilian player of all time  winning 148 caps  whilst picking up 21 trophies in a glittering career at club level in Brazil , Italy and Spain . Former Manchester United manager , Sir Alex Ferguson , even once jokingly queried if Cafu had two hearts such was his ability to keep on running without getting tired -- even towards the end of his career . "  Nowadays , everyone says that I should have continued to play , " Cafu said when asked on why he retired when he seemingly still had much gas left in the tank . "  But I thought that was the moment to stop playing ...  at  38 years old . " "  I think I had already given my contribution to football , not just nationally but internationally as well , " he added . Escape from poverty To be fair to Marcos Evangelista de Moraes  Cafu 's full name  , it was a long journey . One that stretched fully 18 years in total . It all began in Sao Paulo . Cafu was born in the city 's impoverished Jardim Irene district , playing football in the streets and learning the tough lessons that would later shape his outlook on life . He now runs a charity foundation in his old neighborhood and hopes to encourage the young people there to dream big . "  Everything I have , I owe to Jardim Irene , " he said . "  I want the children to see me there , that I 'm giving them attention , so that they can have a good role model . What our children are missing today are good role models . " The young Cafu had trials at a host of Brazilian sides in the late 1980s before eventually being accepted by hometown club , Sao Paulo . Originally a right-sided midfielder , Cafu was converted into his more familiar right back position by inspirational Sao Paulo coach Tele Santana . He excelled in this position and helped the Tricolor claim back to back Copa Libertadores  South America 's premier club cup competition  crowns in 1992 and 1993 . A transfer to Real Zaragoza in Spain provided Cafu 's first foreign sojourn in the 1994-95 season before he returned to Brazil one year later , first with Juventude and then Palmeiras . After a season at Palmeiras , an offer came from Roma to move back to Europe . Cafu would spend six seasons in the Italian capital where he helped the Giallorossi win only their third ever Serie A title and their first in 18 years . In 2003 , Cafu would make the final move of his career as he was transferred to AC Milan . Here , he would win Serie A once more as well as the European Champions League and World Club Cup titles . With so much success , picking out a favorite club moment is no easy task . "  In Sao Paulo , I won everything . Milan , I won everything . Roma , I was league champion . Palmeiras , I was Paulista  Brazilian league  champion . " "  All the titles have been memorable . I do n't have one that was more memorable or less memorable . They are all important titles with various teams . " Biggest prize The World Cup is a different story , however . "  Without a doubt , winning the World Cup as a professional athlete is the highest prize in football . It 's the peak , the maximum that you can reach . " This was a footballing zenith he reached twice . The first was at the Pasadena Rose Bowl at the final of USA 94 where Brazil faced off against Italy in the sweltering California heat . Cafu started the game on the substitute 's bench although he was required to come on for the injured Jorginho after just 21 minutes . "  Its an unexplainable feeling , " he said of having to come into the game so early and unexpectedly . "  When  coach , Carlos Alberto  Parreira looked at the bench and said I was going to come in , there was a lot of emotion . " "  The other players  were already warmed up , everyone was at a fast pace ... and you get on the pitch in that rhythm that looks like you are slower when in comparison to your opponents . " He need n't have been so concerned . A tense , goalless encounter went to penalties with Brazil triumphing after Italy 's Franco Baresi , Daniele Massaro and Roberto Baggio missed from the spot . The second World Cup triumph was even more satisfying . As captain , Cafu led an unfancied Brazil who had struggled through qualifying all the way to the final against Germany at the Yokohama Stadium in Tokyo . Two goals from an inspired Ronaldo settled the tie in Brazil 's favor , securing a record fifth World Cup crown for the country . In an iconic moment , Cafu climbed atop the podium high above his team mates to accept the trophy . "  It was fantastic . Climbing and getting the cup up in the air the way we did ... maybe that made is what made it so beautiful , " Cafu said recalling the moment . "  I think that Brazil deserved at that moment to be in the highest place of the stadium . " This exalted position is a place he hopes to see his younger compatriots occupy later this summer as the World Cup comes to Brazil for the first time since 1950 and South America for the first time since 1978 . With star players like Neymar , Oscar and Hulk , as well as home advantage , Brazil are rightly considered among the leading contenders . Doubts have been raised , however , about the country 's preparation for the tournament as well as whether the economic benefits will be felt by all in Brazilian society . "  The infrastructures are being built , the stadium is being built  and  the Brazilian people 's faith is helping a lot , " Cafu said . "  For us it is going to be a very historic and fantastic moment . "  I have no doubt whatsoever that Brazil will do a terrific World Cup and they will be  six time  world champions , " he added . The likes of Argentina , Germany , Spain , Holland and Italy will no doubt have something to say about that . If the hosts can channel the belief and stamina of their former captain , however , there might be little the others can do about it . See also : From Super Eagle to African Pioneer See also : The man who broke through football 's Iron Curtain See also : The best beard in football ?	Cafu is a FIFA World Cup winning captain and Brazil 's most capped player He played for Sao Paulo , Palmeiras , Roma and Milan among others during his career Former right back believes Brazil will win a sixth World Cup in 2014
CNN  -- As someone who has had the great honor of commanding four different ships for the United States Coast Guard , I have watched the news about the Costa Concordia -- the grounding of the vessel and the resulting death of at least 11 people -- from the perspective of a seagoing captain . We must all await the findings of a proper investigation , but for anyone remotely familiar with a captain 's awesome responsibilities for the lives of his passengers and crew , the reported behavior of the Concordia 's skipper , Francesco Schettino , is almost unfathomable . The captain of a ship at sea is one of the last bastions of total authority in this world . The ocean is a dangerous place , where life and death decisions often need to be made in an instant . For this reason , a sea captain is granted complete independence , power , and control aboard his vessel . But with that absolute authority comes absolute responsibility . In the case of a cruise ship , thousands of passengers have come aboard with the expectation that they are in the hands of a competent crew headed by a competent captain . They are depending on his professionalism , skill and dedication to his one and only mission : to navigate his vessel safely and prudently from point A to point B. To meet that mission , a modern sea captain is provided with all kinds of resources . He is given extraordinary training for the challenges of the waters he is in and the vessel he is commanding . He is given extraordinary electronic gadgetry that allows him to fix his position on the globe within inches . He receives all sorts of input information -- weather reports , charts detailing virtually every hazard in his area of operation , and detailed information on pathways to take and pathways to avoid -- all of which arm him to make good judgments as to where he is going . The captain of the Costa Concordia had all these resources at his disposal , and yet audio recordings and other accounts appear to show him violating every commonly accepted notion of how a captain will behave in a crisis . First , he came in close to the island in spite of the obvious navigational challenges that meant in terms of safe passage . It is a captain 's responsibility to err on the side of safety . When I commanded Coast Guard cutters undertaking hazardous military missions , I invariably chose the safer path whenever I had the opportunity to do so . The captain of a cruise ship , whose sole mission is the safe transport of your passengers , has no excuse to choose anything but the safest path . Second , the chaos that followed the grounding of the ship appears to reflect the captain 's lack of leadership aboard his vessel . By all accounts he failed to institute a command structure in which his crew was prepared to do their duty to organize the passengers for a safe embarkation from a sinking platform -- and as a result , 11 people are dead and more than 20 others are still missing . Third , his personal decision to leave the vessel before his passengers had safely embarked from the ship shows a flagrant disrespect for his ultimate responsibilities as a sea captain . A captain does not necessarily have to go down with his ship , but under no circumstances does he leave his ship to save himself before he has saved those whose lives are in his hands . Given these serial failures of responsibility , the one blessing is that the accident occurred so close to shore , which allowed so many of the passengers to reach safety on their own . One can only imagine how many might have perished had the ship run into trouble at sea with this particular captain and crew . There will be an investigation in the aftermath . But even before it gets under way , one thing is clear : the training and promotion process that put a man like this in command of a passenger ship missed the character flaw that allowed him to jeopardize his vessel for some apparently transient and empty purpose . That promotion system is in need of serious repair . When I first heard about the Costa Concordia , I thought back to the guidance that Alexander Hamilton provided in 1790 to the captains of the first 10 cutters of the U.S. Revenue Marine -- the precursor to the Coast Guard . Hamilton advised that they had been "  selected with careful attention to character " and told them to "  Refrain from haughtiness , rudeness , or insult " and to "  Endeavor to overcome difficulties by a cool and temperate perseverance in your duty . " He declared that a captain 's demeanor and behavior must "  be marked with prudence , moderation , and good temper . Upon these qualities must depend the success , usefulness and ... continuance of the establishment in which they are included . " An off duty captain , Roberto Bosio , happened to be on board the Costa Concordia when it ran aground and swung into action , helping dozens of women and children into lifeboats . He has been called a hero in the Italian press , but rejects the moniker . "  Do n't call me a hero . I just did my duty , the duty of a sea captain , " he said . Captain Bosio met Alexander Hamilton 's charge . Captain Schettino failed to do so in every imaginable way . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Loy .	James Loy , retired admiral , says the reported behavior of Costa captain is unfathomable He says ship captains have huge authority , responsibility , training to make good decisions He says Costa captain made series of indefensible decisions , including abandoning ship Loy : Promotion system that put someone with poor judgment at helm needs repair
CNN  -- The Wegmans supermarket chain is recalling 5,000 pounds of Turkish pine nuts because of possible salmonella contamination , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said . At least 43 cases of salmonellosis in California , Maryland , New York , Pennsylvania , New Jersey and Virginia are linked to the pine nuts , the FDA said Friday , citing the Centers for Disease Control . The agency warned consumers not to eat the nuts , offered for sale in unlabeled plastic bulk containers at Wegmans stories , or any food items , such as pesto or salads , that have been made using them . The pine nuts were ingredients in several prepared foods sold at Wegmans , including Caprese salad and asparagus with pine nuts , the agency said . The pine nuts may be contaminated with Salmonella Enteritidis , which may cause illness . They were sold in New York , Pennsylvania , New Jersey , Virginia and Maryland , the FDA said . The salmonella bacteria can cause diarrhea , fever and abdominal cramps 12 to 72 hours after infection . The illness usually lasts four to seven days , the FDA said . While most people recover without treatment , infection may lead to hospitalization and can be fatal . The bacteria is most dangerous to older adults , infants and those with compromised immune systems , the FDA said . Consumers are urged to check their homes for the nuts purchased at Wegmans stores between July 1 and October 18 , and either throw them away or return them to Wegmans for a refund , the FDA said . Wegmans said the pine nuts were imported from Turkey and distributed by Sunrise Commodities .	The pine nuts may be contaminated with Salmonella Enteritidis 43 cases of salmonellosis have been reported in six states The bacteria can cause fever , diarrhea and abdominal cramps
When the latest Goop newsletter hit my inbox , bearing news that Gwyneth Paltrow is separating from her husband Chris Martin , I had a LOT of questions . And one of the very first ones to come out of my mouth was "  What 's ` Conscious Uncoupling ' ? " referring to the title of Paltrow 's announcement . I assumed it was just a cute little header she made up to soften the blow -- something to fit within her fancy lifestyle brand 's aesthetic , sort of like the way that she calls her "  best of " lists the "  GP 13 . " Elle.com : See Gwyneth Paltrow 's Flawless Makeup-Free Selfie But as I scrolled down , I quickly realized that "  conscious uncoupling " is not just a Gwyneth-ism or a Goop-ism . Conscious Uncoupling is very much a thing , one that 's been around for years , though under the radar -- well , until now . Leave it to GP to always be the first to introduce any and every new-age lifestyle tip and trick we never knew we needed , even during what must be a painful and tragic time  see : oil pulling , macriobiotic diets , countless juice cleanses , the Tracy Anderson method , agave , and soaked almonds  . Elle.com : Gwyneth Paltrow Wears Baggy Mom Jeans and We Need Them Now Below her announcement , Gwyneth had doctors Dr. Habib Sadeghi  whom she 's tapped for numerous Goop newsletters  and his wife , Dr. Sherry Sami , explain the Conscious Uncoupling concept at length . At a lot of length . A "  conscious uncoupling is the ability to understand that every irritation and argument -LSB- within a marriage -RSB- was a signal to look inside ourselves and identify a negative internal object that needed healing , " they write . "  From this perspective , there are no bad guys , just two people , " they say , expanding on the blame-free , "  it 's about people as individuals , not just the relationship " theory . Elle.com : In Defense of Gwyneth Paltrow and Her Very Public Statements That makes sense to me , the mutual responsibility , no-pointing-fingers aspect -- though not all of the super-lengthy explanation does . Err , far from it . I 've read the thing over half a dozen times , and yet I still ca n't seem to process these parts : "  Life is a spiritual exercise in evolving from an exoskeleton for support and survival to an endoskeleton . Think about it . " I am . I do n't get it . "  There 's a scientific theory by Russian esotericist , Peter Ouspensky , that the creation of insects was a failed attempt by nature to evolve a higher form of consciousness . " I think we 're getting off topic ? Elle.com : The TRUTH About Gwyneth Paltrow 's Workout and Diet "  Conscious uncoupling brings wholeness to the spirits of both people who choose to recognize each other as their teacher ... If we can allow ourselves this gift , our exoskeleton of protection and imprisonment will fall away and offer us the opportunity to begin constructing an endoskeleton , an internal cathedral , with spiritual trace minerals like self-love , self-acceptance , and self-forgiveness . " Huh ? "  The misunderstandings involved in divorce also have much to do with the lack of intercourse between our own internal masculine and feminine energies . " But what about the lack of just ... intercourse ? Elle.com : "  How Affairs Make My Marriage Stronger " So I called up Jeanne Byrd , a coach in the Conscious Uncoupling method , for a little more clarification . Apparently the method can be traced back to one woman , Katherine Woodward Thomas , who developed it in 2010 .  She 's currently writing a book about it , which is certainly good timing for her . Conscious Uncoupling , Byrd tells me , is a five-week course , though it takes some couples and individuals longer to complete it , naturally .  "  Some couples get stuck on week one for three weeks , " she says , like she 's all too familiar .  The method upholds that there are three "  power bases , " which are your relationship with yourself , with others , and with life , and that you need to understand all of them to get to the "  deeper truth . " The relationship with yourself is often trickiest for people to pin down , but it 's central to how Conscious Uncoupling relates to divorces and separations . "  It 's not the fault of one person , " says Byrd , or even as simple as any overt betrayals and injuries from one person to another . Elle.com : Why Women Still Fake It Instead , in a relationship , "  Each party has brought to the dynamic a set of patterns that they 've been living inside of for years , " she says , and those things contribute to the downfall whether they realize it at first or not . The Conscious Uncoupling method , then , involves addressing those things and their impact on a relationship . "  Like , say , someone had been cheated on . It 's not as simple as black and white . The other party would want to address if they had done anything to contribute to that . If they had been withdrawing , " Byrd offers . That 's how Conscious Uncoupling approaches everything , with a "  we both did this , we 're both responsible " outlook , which should , in theory , keep things amicable between two parties in a divorce or separation , since they both feel guilty . And how does that relate to Gwyneth ? Why might she have chosen the method for her own separation ? "  Well , children really get the benefit from a Conscious Uncoupling , " Byrd ventures , vaguely referencing Apple and Moses , Paltrow 's two children with Martin , and "  Conscious Uncoupling is really growing amongst parents , " she says . "  Oh my God , it 's so exciting how quickly it 's growing everywhere , " she adds . And surely , after all this exposure , this is just the beginning .	Actor Gwyneth Paltrow and musician Chris Martin announced they are splitting up A notice on Paltrow 's Goop website deemed the split a "  conscious uncoupling " Drs. Habib Sadeghi and Sherry Sami explained the term on Goop "  From this perspective , there are no bad guys , just two people , " they say
InStyle  -- The multi-talented star Mandy Moore shares her stylish secrets . Mandy Moore spins in a Chaiken cashmere dress and Ibisco belt . 1 . Start defining your style "  It all goes back to wanting to be an individual . I have my days of not feeling super-great , but that 's universal . My style has evolved as I 've become more aware of myself as well as what looks good on me -- and what does n't . " 2 . Find labels that work for you "  It 's always nice to have a running tally of designers that fit your body well and that you feel comfortable in for any number of events . It makes you feel less limited . " 3 . Identify shapes that flatter "  I 'm not super-picky about color . I 'm more picky about the cut of a garment . I look terrible in anything bias-cut for instance , and I prefer Empire waists . " Mandy explains other fashion choices " 4 . Dresses are secret weapons "  I love dresses ! If it 's flowy and loose , you do n't have to worry about what shape you 're in , frankly . Plus there 's something romantic and ethereal about vintage dresses that I adore . " 5 . When in doubt , bring a belt "  I 'm looking at my dress today , and I wish I had brought a belt with me because it looks like a gigantic tent . Having a belt to define your waist is always better than hiding behind something . " 6 . What really makes you look good "  If you 're confident and you feel good , people pick up on that . And it does n't really matter what 's happening from the neck down . I 'd rather be comfortable than anything else . " InStyle.com : Witness Mandy 's amazing style transformation 7 . Some trends wo n't flatter you -- avoid them . "  I tried footless leggings and then I realized , this is not a trend for me . When something stops at your midcalf , it can be somewhat shortening . But I feel like long tights make any look ladylike and classy . " 8 . Find a great tailor "  I 've been having trouble finding jeans lately . So I 've been buying vintage high-waist trouser jeans and having them tailored . My tailor understands my body . She 's always encouraging me to wear stuff tighter . " 9 . Hoop earrings work on everyone "  My friend Raina 's always telling me to wear hoops . She 's like , ` Even if you 're in jeans , a T-shirt and flats , hoops are sexy , cool , and everyone looks good in them . ' " 10 . Give yourself a break "  You have to take a break and treat yourself . I treat myself by getting massages , manicures or pedicures . I treat myself by having a cookie or frozen yogurt , or whatever it may be , because I know I work hard and I deserve it . " E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Mandy Moore offers style tips : Avoid unflattering trends Do n't worry about your shape with flowy , loose dresses Find a great tailor
CNN  -- A Harvard University student was named Tuesday in a criminal complaint alleging he was responsible for bomb threats that led school officials to delay some final exams , including his , that had been scheduled for Monday . Eldo Kim , 20 , of Cambridge , allegedly e-mailed bomb threats at about 8:30 a.m. Monday to offices associated with Harvard , including the Harvard University Police Department and the Harvard Crimson , the student-run daily newspaper , according to the five-page complaint . The subject line in each of the messages read "  bombs placed around campus " and cited "  shrapnel bombs " in four buildings on the school 's main campus in Cambridge . "  2/4 . guess correctly . be quick or they will go off soon , " they said . The Harvard police called in the FBI ; the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ; the Secret Service ; the Cambridge Police Department and the Boston Police Department along with numerous other first responders , including the Cambridge Fire Department . The buildings were evacuated and swept by bomb technicians and hazmat officers , and access to Harvard Yard was restricted to students with Harvard IDs , according to the Harvard Gazette , the school 's official news website . Shortly before 3 p.m. , long after Kim 's exam had been canceled for the day , officials concluded that the threats were a hoax and reopened the buildings . "  Those who missed their exams due to the evacuation should be in touch with administrators about a makeup date or other arrangement , " the Gazette said . The e-mail messages had been sent through a service called Guerrilla Mail , which creates temporary and anonymous e-mail messages , according to the complaint . And the person had used a product called TOR , which assigns an anonymous Internet Protocol address that can be used to hide the identity of the sender , it added . But the sender failed to do that , according to the complaint . "  Harvard University was able to determine that , in the several hours leading up to the receipt of the e-mail messages described above , Eldo Kim accessed TOR using Harvard 's wireless network , " it said . The Crimson identified Kim as a sophomore . An FBI agent and an officer with the Harvard University Police Department interviewed Kim Monday night at his campus residence , where he "  stated that he authored the bomb threat e-mails " and said he had acted alone , the complaint says . "  According to Kim , he was motivated by a desire to avoid a final exam scheduled to be held on  Monday  , " the complaint said . He is to appear Wednesday in U.S. District Court before District of Massachusetts Chief Judge Judith G. Dein . In a statement , school officials said they were "  saddened by the details alleged in the criminal complaint " but had no further comment . If convicted , the student could face a maximum of five years in prison , three years of suspended release , and a $ 250,000 fine .	A Harvard sophomore is accused of sending phony e-mail threats to avoid final exam Eldo Kim , 20 , allegedly e-mailed the threats half an hour before his exam was to begin His exam and others were canceled for the day after buildings were evacuated Kim 's first court appearance is slated for Wednesday
Editor 's note : Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School . His new book , "  Arsenal of Democracy : The Politics of National Security -- From World War II to the War on Terrorism , " will be published this fall by Basic Books . Zelizer writes widely about current events . Julian Zelizer says interest groups have eroded the quality of America 's democratic process . PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- Last week , Americans saw some disturbing images . During town hall meetings about health care reform , legislators and citizens were loudly interrupted and intimidated by members of the audience who refused to let them speak . We do n't yet have solid evidence as to whether the protesters were local citizens simply expressing their genuine concerns about the cost of the health care proposals -- concerns that have been showing up in recent polls -- or whether they were people primarily recruited and sent into these meetings by such groups as FreedomWorks , Americans for Prosperity , and Conservatives for Patients ' Rights . At the same time , we did learn last week that a firm hired by the coal industry sent fake letters to members of Congress , allegedly from Latino and African-American organizations , opposing climate and energy legislation . The letters were sent on behalf of an industry group , the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity , by a subcontractor , Bonner Associates , a firm that manages grassroots campaigns on behalf of interest groups . The coal industry said it was outraged to learn of the fake letters , and Bonner blamed them on a temporary employee who it said has been fired . The incident brought to mind "  Astroturf " campaigns , which are sophisticated lobbying operations that give the impression of an actual grassroots mobilization . While advocacy organizations have long worked on letter-writing campaigns to members of Congress -- where citizens are asked to sign and send letters in support of or against legislation -- the coal scandal provides evidence of a practice of claiming support without any consent . These events bring back memories of a movie that came out a little over 10 years ago called "  Bulworth . " In that film , Warren Beatty played Democratic Sen. Jay Billington Bulworth , a politician who came out of the liberal politics of the 1960s but had become disillusioned by the corrupting life of Washington . He is so distraught that he hires a hit man to kill him after taking out a multimillion-dollar life insurance policy . Yet after meeting an enchanting young woman , played by Halle Berry , Bulworth is re-energized . While trying to avoid the assassin whom he hired , Bulworth spends the weekend railing against the power of lobbyists and interest groups in the political process , explaining to citizens in one inner-city neighborhood that politicians will never pay attention to them because they do n't contribute enough money . Though he is excited about life once again , the film ends with a lobbyist shooting the senator because he is frightened by the threat he presents . The film is obviously a gross exaggeration of what lobbyists will do to protect their interests . Nor should we vilify interest groups , which have always been part of our democracy . The truth is that there are many kinds of interest groups , dealing with all sorts of issues and reflecting all sorts of political perspectives . But interest groups have clearly eroded the quality of our democratic process . The most obvious way has been through outright corruption . There are many historical examples of how powerful interest groups tried to buy their way to success . American politics was rocked in 1905 and 1906 by revelations that the life insurance industry had bribed politicians . During the congressional hearings over Watergate in 1973 , the investigation revealed that the milk industry had donated money to President Richard Nixon 's administration and powerful members of Congress in exchange for favorable decisions by the Department of Agriculture . Lobbyists and politicians on the left and right have been guilty of these sins . The recent corruption scandal that has shaken New Jersey is a painful reminder of this dark side of our political system . Interest groups have also eroded the quality of our political system even when they are not engaged in corruption . Since the 1970s , there has been a massive proliferation of interest groups in Washington , D.C. . The level of campaign contributions from these sources has steadily increased as politicians scramble to find sufficient funds to meet the rising cost of campaigns . The campaign finance system gives interest groups better access to elected officials . Now , interested parties are gradually extending their reach into areas far from Washington . We have seen the use of these tactics several times in recent years . In 2005 and 2006 , for example , the nation learned how Jack Abramoff 's lobbying firm worked with Ralph Reed 's conservative organizations to mount Astroturf protests against state efforts to legalize gambling because they threatened Native American groups that were clients of Abramoff . If reports that advocacy groups have been behind the recent outbursts at town hall meetings are true , these revelations would signal a disturbing trend in interest group politics . Some liberal supporters of health care reform are naturally talking about responding in kind , fighting fire with fire . While this might very well create a more level yelling field , such warfare will crowd out legitimate efforts by unaffiliated citizens to talk about , question and debate the legislation with their representatives . But the danger is lobby creep , as we have seen with the coal industry 's lobbying campaign . The concern is not primarily about rabble-rousers , who frequently emerge on the left and right at these events , employing disruptive tactics that we have seen since the 1960s . Rather the concern has to do with Washington-based interest groups and lobbyists sending people to local meetings to convey a specific and choreographed message , while preventing debate among actual local citizens . It is easy to foresee how interest groups can take this even further , sending their employees to impersonate local citizens while preventing discussions . Such tactics would dangerously threaten to close one of the few remaining doors in the democratic process to everyone other than those with the largest resources . It is not difficult to envision in the near future a surreal world of town hall meetings where legislators meet with a room filled with paid operatives from interest groups . These kinds of operations must stop . This is not an issue that can be solved through regulation , since our democracy must always protect and cherish the right to organize and mobilize politically . But citizens and politicians must not tolerate these kinds of activities from interest and advocacy groups -- even those that represent positions that they support . The stakes are high . We need to save what little room is left for civic engagement in America . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Zelizer : Interest groups are focus of controversy over disruptive town hall tactics He says it 's not clear if the protests are largely being stage-managed He says interest groups are playing a bigger role in American democracy Zelizer : There 's a danger that interest groups will choke off real debate
CNN  -- An appeals court ruling has raised the possibility that Guatemalan women will be able to seek asylum in the United States because of the high rates of femicide in that country . A Guatemalan woman seeking asylum based on her belief that she would not be safe in her native country will have her case reviewed , the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Monday . Lesly Yajayra Perdomo , a native of Guatemala who entered the United States illegally as a teenager to join her mother in 1991 , was facing deporation in 2003 . She requested asylum "  because she feared persecution as a member of a particular social group consisting of women between the ages of fourteen and forty , " according to the court document . In particular , Perdomo argued that women in Guatemala "  were murdered at a high rate with impunity . " An immigration judge denied her claim , and the Board of Immigration Appeals upheld the decision . Monday 's ruling remands the case to the BIA for further proceedings . Perdomo , who lives in Reno , Nevada , and works as a Medicaid account executive at a medical facility there , is not assured asylum , but the decision gives her and countless other Guatemalan women the possibility of remaining in the United States . A key issue in the case is whether Guatemalan women are too broad of a group to be considered a protected "  particular social group " eligible for asylum . That 's what the BIA decided when it upheld the immigration judge 's ruling , calling it "  merely a demographic division ... rather than a particular social group . " The three-judge panel at the appeals court , however , found that the decision was "  inconsistent with its own precedent and this court 's case law . " It is important to note that the appeals court stopped short of saying Perdomo deserved asylum , only saying that she was eligible for it , Kevin Johnson , Dean of the University of California-Davis Law School , told CNN . Proving that Perdomo will face persecution if she is returned to Guatemala and that the country does n't protect its young women will be hard to prove , he said . Any other Guatemalan women hoping to take advantage of this week 's ruling will have to do the same . "  I do n't think there 's going to be a flood of Guatemalan women applying for asylum tomorrow , " Johnson said . "  This is part of a trend among U.S. courts to ensure women are afforded protection under asylum laws . " According to Amnesty International , between 2001 and 2006 , more than 1,900 Guatemalan women and girls were killed . Many of those killings involved sexual violence and "  exceptional cruelty , " the organization said .	An appeals court remanded the case of a Guatemalan woman seeking asylum in the U.S. Perdomo argues that because of high murder rates for women , she is not safe going home Ruling could affect other Guatemalan women in the United States A key issue is whether being a woman constitutes a protected social group
The Hollywood Reporter  It 's official : AMC 's "  The Walking Dead " companion series has a title . Executive producer Robert Kirkman announced Friday that the companion series , which starts as a prequel to the original , will be titled "  Fear The Walking Dead . " Read more : "  Walking Dead " from comics to the small screen The news comes as the companion went through development season -- and was picked up to series and preemptively renewed for a second season -- under code names including "  Cobalt " and "  Fear The Walking Dead . " On March 9 , AMC announced the series pickup and renewal for the then-untitled series . Kirkman , who created "  The Walking Dead " comic series , co-wrote the pilot with Dave Erickson of "  Sons of Anarchy . " Kirkman and Erickson will executive produce alongside "  Walking Dead 's " Gale Anne Hurd and Dave Alpert . Erickson will serve as showrunner , and Adam Davidson will direct the pilot . "  Walking Dead " visual effects guru Greg Nicotero will also executive produce the series . While AMC has been tight-lipped on the series ' premise , sources tell "  The Hollywood Reporter " that the drama is a prequel that takes place in Los Angeles at the onset of the zombie outbreak . AMC confirmed that the companion series is set in Los Angeles but revealed nothing more beyond that it will focus on new characters and storylines . Read more : "  The Walking Dead 's ' "  Most Shocking Deaths Cliff Curtis  "  Gang Related "  stars as Sean Cabrera , a teacher who shares a son with his ex-wife . "  Sons of Anarchy 's " Kim Dickens is set to co-star as Nancy , a guidance counselor who works at the school with Sean and is seeing him romantically . Frank Dillane  "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince "  co-stars as Nancy 's son Nick , who has battled a drug problem . And Alycia Debnam Carey  "  Into the Woods "  is will play Nancy 's ambitious daughter , Ashley , who is the polar opposite of Nick and dreams of leaving Los Angeles for Berkeley when the apocalypse strikes . "  Fear The Walking Dead " will premiere in the late summer with season two set for 2016 . An official premiere date has not yet been announced . The season five finale of the flagship series airs Sunday at 9 p.m. Read more : How "  The Walking Dead " stumbled in its storytelling this season © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Show will star "  Sons of Anarchy 's " Kim Dickens and Cliff Curtis of "  Gang Related "
CNN  -- Here 's a roundup of five medical studies published this week that might give you new insights into your health , mind and body . Remember , correlation is not causation -- so if a study finds a connection between two things , it does n't mean that one causes the other . Extreme obesity shortens your life more than smoking Journal : PLOS Medicine It 's not going to come as a surprise that obesity shortens your life by contributing to heart disease , strokes , diabetes and other diseases . But how many years are lost ? Researchers from the National Cancer Institute compared normal weight smokers to extremely obese non-smokers . They found the smokers lived longer on average . Healthy weight smokers lost about nine years of their lives . Non-smoking adults who were extremely obese -- defined as having a BMI of 55 to 55.9 -- lost nearly 14 years on average . Researchers analyzed 20 large studies , which included more than 9,500 extremely obese adults and more than 300,000 people with a normal BMI . Participants came from the United States , Sweden and Australia . The findings , published Tuesday in PLOS Medicine , highlight the need to develop more effective ways to combat the growing public health problem of extreme obesity , the authors write . Simple blood test may predict Alzheimer 's Journal : Alzheimer 's & Dementia According to the Alzheimer 's Association , 44 million people live with dementia worldwide . That number is expected to triple in just 35 years . Alzheimer 's is usually diagnosed when the disease has progressed . While there 's no cure , early detection could lead to early intervention , which may slow the disease . And a simple blood test could be the key , according new study published Thursday in Alzheimer 's & Dementia , a journal of the Alzheimer 's Association . Researchers used blood samples from 1,148 people . Ten proteins in the blood were found to predict whether people with mild cognitive impairment would develop Alzheimer 's within a year . As promising this new test appears to be , the Alzheimer 's Association says it is n't ready for the doctor 's office yet . "  To give the findings credibility , they need to be replicated by other researchers in larger , more diverse populations . " Over 55 ? You too can donate a kidney Journal : American Journal of Transplantation People in need of a kidney often wait years for a deceased donor match . Another option is a live kidney donation . But many times potential live donors are excluded because of their age . It 's been thought that older live kidney donors have a higher risk of heart disease after donating their organ . That 's not true anymore , according to a new study in the American Journal of Transplantation . Researchers matched 3,368 older donors with older healthy non-donors and followed them for nearly eight years . They found that kidney donors older than 55 are at no greater risk for death or cardiovascular disease than non-donors . Combo approach may help smokers quit Journal : JAMA Smokers looking to quit often use either a medication named Chantix or nicotine patches , hoping it will help reduce withdrawal symptoms . But a combination of those two methods improves the odds you 'll quit smoking on the short term , according to a study published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association . The study was funded by the companies that make Chantix and nicotine patches . Researchers randomly assigned 446 smokers to either take Chantix and a nicotine patch , or Chantix plus a placebo patch . Treatment continued for 14 weeks . Twelve weeks later , 55 % of those who took both medications were still not smoking , compared to 41 % of those on Chantix alone . After six months , the numbers were 49 % and 32.6 % respectively . The researchers also found a greater incidence of nausea , disturbed sleep , skin reactions and depression in the combination group . They say safety and long-term efficacy needs to be assessed by further studies . Do n't pressure your doctor after a concussion Journal : Neurology After a concussion , doctors often receive pressure from their young patients , families and coaches to give an athlete the "  all-clear " as soon as possible . But that 's dangerous , says the American Academy of Neurology . The reason : Concussions are linked to long-term impairments in brain function . A new position statement published in the journal Neurology on Wednesday calls for doctors to only give an athlete the "  all-clear " to play when medically ready . "  Physicians should be thoughtful about athletes going back to field after brain injury , " says neurologist Dr. Daniel Larriviere , one of the study authors . Doctors caring for athletes with sports-related concussions should have adequate training and experience and also educate patients and their families about the dangers of concussion , the authors conclude . The Academy is also calling for a national registry the will require mandatory reporting of concussions .	Extreme obesity shortens your life more than smoking A simple blood test may help doctors predict Alzheimer 's disease Scientists say people over 55 should be considered for live kidney donation
