EW.com  -- One Direction dropped their new Ed Sheeran-penned single , "  Little Things " -- a followup to their hit "  Live While We 're Young " and the second track released from the upcoming Take Me Home -- Monday , and as expected , there 's nothing "  little " about its online reaction . Though the official lyric video has only been live for a few hours , it has already received over 127,000 likes and 55,000 comments on YouTube , and as young girls across the U.S. wake up and check their Tumblrs , those metrics are only going to soar higher . Because of that massive , adoring fanbase of occasionally irrational Directioners , I realize what I 'm about to write might not be especially popular , but I 've got to be honest : this song is kind of messed up . Yes , it 's a pretty , strummy offering that gives each boy his own solo  for the first time , every individual 's voice is clearly recognizable  , and yes , the stripped-back melody is rather lovely and characteristically Ed Sheeran-y , but it 's the lyrics that I find troubling . I mean , just look at 'em : "  I know you 've never loved the crinkles by your eyes , " sings Liam Payne during the second stanza of the song . "  You 've never loved your stomach or your thighs / the dimples in your back at the bottom of your spine / but I love them endlessly . " Later in the song , during Harry Styles ' verse , he sings , "  You still have to squeeze into your jeans / but you 're perfect to me . " Perhaps I 'd hear those lyrics differently if Ed Sheeran had released this song for his own fans , but this is officially a One Direction song now , and there 's something icky about the endlessly coiffed and tailored  not to mention athletically-built  boys delivering those words . Last I checked , One Direction 's fans are n't composed mainly of aging obesity victims -- they 're little girls who range in age from about 8-14 . At the older end of that spectrum are girls currently enduring middle school , who may very well be feeling insecure about their bodies . In that case , it seems terribly misguided  or at least ruthlessly conniving  to tap into that insecurity with "  Little Things " and ask girls to find their validation in One Direction 's blanket affection . But I could maybe see how people would find the words sweet . More troubling to me are the younger fans who listen to this song . The carefree 9-year-olds who nibble on fruit roll-ups on the way to gymnastics class . The ones who watch Good Luck Charlie before bed , getting one last year out of their Sleeping Beauty nightgowns . "  Little Things " presupposes insecurity in order to be effective lyrically , but for all those happily naive fans that  thankfully !  are n't dealing with body image issues , One Direction literally provides insecurities for listeners to feel . But that 's just part of why the whole pseudo-chivalrous "  You 'll never love yourself half as much as I love you " vibe feels so disingenuous . One Direction does n't -- they simply ca n't -- love each of their fans as much as they say they do . Not in the way an insecure person needs to be loved to escape that awful cycle of self-reflection . They 're an international phenomenon touring the globe and clinking glasses with the rich and beautiful , not psychiatric counselors . Their therapy by way of crooning is simply undercooked . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	One Direction released a new song on Monday The group has a massive , adoring fanbase The song was written by British singer Ed Sheeran
Paris , France  CNN  -- Robbers broke into the basement of a French bank over the weekend and made off with an unknown amount of money from the vault , a spokesman for the bank said Tuesday . The theft happened late Saturday night at a branch of Credit Lyonnais  LCL  in central Paris . The bank was informed Sunday morning about a fire at the bank and only learned of the robbery the next day , when police said the fire followed a burglary , LCL spokesman Olivier Tassain said . The burglars broke into the bank through the basement and entered the vault through a hole in the wall , Tassain said . He could not confirm reports in the French media that the burglars drilled a hole in the wall . French radio network RTL reported the wall has a thickness of 80 centimeters -- more than two and a half feet . It was n't clear Tuesday how many safes were broken into , in part because some safes were damaged by the fire but not by the burglary , Tassain said . Tassain also could n't say how many burglars there were . French media reports said the burglars tied up the night guard during the break-in , and then set fire to the vault in an effort to hide their tracks . "  The guard  is in good health , " Tassain told CNN . "  We obviously asked for him to receive medical and psychological counseling . The guard is employed by a security firm . " CNN 's Alix Bayle contributed to this report .	Burglars enter French bank by basement and steal unknown amount of money Theft happened late Saturday at branch of Credit Lyonnais in central Paris Wall has a thickness of 80 centimeters -- more than two and a half feet
Oprah.com  -- When we found him , he was blind and soaking , slumped in an alleyway , clearly close to death . He struggled to stand , then listed to one side and collapsed again . We watched him for a moment , horrified . And then , because we could n't just leave him there to die , we picked him up and brought him inside . We laid him gently on the white expanse of our kitchen counter . After the blurry dark of the monsoon outside , the kitchen felt as bright and quiet as an operating theater . My fiancé , Colin , placed him inside a robin 's - egg-blue Tiffany box . We called him Tiffany , and then later , Mr. Tiffany -- but most often , we called him Mr. T . That night , while I lay in our bedroom , hiding from the creature 's inevitable death , Colin nursed him once an hour with eyedroppers of milk and energy drinks . He was a street rat , no more than a few days old . His life had begun in the grimy alley beside our apartment in Hong Kong , and to most people , he would have embodied filth and disease . But we saw instead a fragile , unknowable life , and in the three years that followed , we came to see him as no average soul . Oprah.com : How to help a homeless animal Mr. T entered our world during a time of transition . Our wedding was three months away , and I was working seven days a week , often long into the night . My job as a foreign correspondent kept me in constant motion and took me around the world ; even owning furniture seemed like a big commitment . I tried not to think about what that would mean for the future . Colin and I planned to have children someday , though some nights we could barely find time to have dinner . Taking in a half-dead rat that needed sustained attention just to survive had n't been on my agenda . Which was why , when Colin and I found that Mr. T was miraculously still breathing the next morning , we vowed to set the rat free as soon as he 'd recovered fully . He had survived , but he was a wild animal who deserved to live among his own kind . Not to mention that we had both read up on the extensive roster of virulent diseases rodents carry . Unwilling to get attached , I avoided him like , well , the plague . Still , as he gained strength over the following weeks , we could n't help celebrating Mr. T 's tiny milestones : the moment a week after we found him when he opened his eyes in Colin 's palm , the night he lost his fear of our shiny floor tiles , the day he turned a bicycle into a jungle gym , his little black shrimp 's eyes flashing in excitement as he clambered over its pedals and wheels . Oprah.com : 17 quotes that inspire us to change the world Mr. T began to make himself at home , confiscating mail , pens , and whole pizza slices and dragging them under the sofa , then chewing a crawl space inside the sofa itself . It was clear he intended to settle in for the long haul . But could we really keep this animal ? On the other hand , was it even feasible for Mr. T to reenter the wild ? We called a professor at Oxford University who specialized in rat behavior . He told us that domesticated rats set free in the forest begin acting like wild rats within a few hours . There was nothing stopping us from bidding Mr. T adieu and moving on with our lives . Nothing except the fact that we could n't resist his charms . Already , he 'd begun to train us in his care . By knocking over his dinner dishes or leaving them untouched , he made it clear that most vegetables -- carrots , green beans , peppers -- were inedible unless drenched in butter . He would eat peas , but only when shelled ; the tops , but never the stalks , of broccoli ; blueberries , but only if cut in half . His favorite foods were mushroom pâté , sushi , and scrambled eggs . A few drops of beer were always appreciated . We prepared him two hot meals a day , which he ate with surgical precision , extracting the fattiest morsels first . He was too cute to let go . Oprah.com : 9 small dreams that can come true for anybody Colin built Mr. T a five-story dwelling from wood and chicken wire , which we furnished with the cushions of the sofa he had destroyed . Mr. T compulsively redesigned his home , shredding the cushions and shoving bits of stuffing into the gaps in the chicken wire . Sometimes he would snuggle under my palm , pushing his nose into the V between my thumb and forefinger . If I tried to move away , he would grip my fingers with powder-pink , gummy-palmed paws . I began to see Hong Kong as a place teeming with more than just human life : the giant hoary moth wrapped around the corner of an office building , the bird squatting on the pavement outside a watch shop , the feral dogs that patrolled the area behind our apartment building . One afternoon , after noticing one of Mr. T 's grubbier cousins in the same alley where we had found him , I realized that the line we draw between animals that are socially acceptable and those we find repugnant can be awfully arbitrary . As Mr. T steadily pawed his way into our hearts , Colin and I identified , for the first time in our lives , as parents . My husband was a rational and generous father , and I was a neurotic , fussy mom . Colin tried to see the world through Mr. T 's eyes , adding a solid wooden door to Mr. T 's home when he realized how much he liked his privacy , or adhesive sandpaper when he saw Mr. T slip on his ramps . Meanwhile , I obsessed over Mr. T 's health , fearing that every nap or failed attempt to mount the coffee table signaled terminal illness . Oprah.com : One man , one mission : Rescuing mutts I felt our world conforming to Mr. T 's needs -- and I loved it . Colin and I stopped going out to dinner as often and instead spent evenings in our living room , beaming proudly as Mr. T dragged apples and socks into his house with great seriousness . Some nights , we stayed up on the sofa until 2 , 3 , 4 in the morning , waiting for the nocturnal Mr. T to rouse himself and pad downstairs . We stopped traveling together so one of us could always be home to keep him company , and when that was impossible , we enlisted house sitters and left an instruction manual nearly an inch thick . At parties we matched our friends ' tales of their children with news of Mr. T 's latest tricks , his most recent fascinations : wooden knives and forks , starchy restaurant napkins , salmon sashimi . I posted photos on Facebook of Mr. T eating green beans , his tiny paws covered in tomato sauce , or Mr. T in repose , his whiskers a halo around his face . Oprah.com : Puppy love : Why raising a dog changes you And all the while , we grappled with the fact that Mr. T did n't have much time . On the streets , most rats die before their first birthday . In captivity , many die by 3 . Not long after he turned 2 , Mr. T 's once rapid pace slowed to a jog , then a waddle , and he began to sleep more solidly through the days . But he was determined to keep going . When , as I had often worried he might , he developed a tumor -- it was as large as his head -- we found a microsurgeon who removed it , and Mr. T sprinted across our living room the same day . When a spinal condition paralyzed his back legs , he adapted by pulling himself up and down the ramps with his front paws . One night Mr. T began to struggle to breathe . This time the surgeon could n't save him . Mr. T died in Colin 's hands . We had him cremated , and held a small ceremony in which we scattered some of his ashes in the park behind our apartment building so he could rest near his family . We put the remainder of his ashes in an urn , which we placed beside a picture of him in our living room , and tried to adjust to the sad fact that we did n't get to be Mr. T 's mom and dad anymore . But shortly after his passing , Colin and I became parents to a son , whom we named Louis T . A few years earlier , we had struggled to find even a spare hour in the day -- but Mr. T taught us how to make room in our lives for the future we wanted , to be more empathetic , more patient . He taught us to love unconditionally . We 'd found Mr. T in one of life 's interstices , between dating and marriage , coupledom and parenthood . If it had been a dog or a cat slumped in our alleyway that night , there would be no story to tell . We would have brought the animal to a shelter . Knowing that nobody would do that for Mr. T made us bring him into our home , and doing so made all the difference . Some of our friends and family just did n't get Mr. T . They never understood how we could love a rat . We never understood how , if you had the pleasure of meeting him , it was possible not to . Alexandra Harney is the author of "  The China Price "  Penguin  and an expert on economic issues in Asia . She lives in Hong Kong . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	The most improbable pet , a baby street rat , became one couple 's pride and joy Mr. T 's charms -- his love of snuggling , finger-hugging and a love of pâté -- were irresistable The line humans draw between repugnant or socially acceptable animals can be arbitrary
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- The two U.S. hikers detained for two grueling years in Iran on spying charges have been sentenced to eight years in prison , Iran 's state-run TV reported Saturday . Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer each received five years for espionage -- specifically "  cooperating with the American intelligence service " -- and three years for illegal entry , IRINN reported , quoting an "  informed " judiciary source . They have 20 days to appeal their sentence , which was handed down by the Revolutionary Court , IRINN reported . Their defense attorney , Masoud Shafiei , could n't confirm news reports of the sentencing . Their families have made urgent appeals to free the men and created a website to muster support for their release . They could not be reached for comment on the reported sentences . Fattal and Bauer and another person , Sarah Shourd , were seized on July 31 , 2009 when they were hiking in the Iraqi Kurdish region and allegedly crossed into Iran illegally . Shourd , Bauer 's fiancee , was released last year because of medical reasons , but the two men remained imprisoned in Iran . Shourd 's case remains open , IRINN reported . United States and Iran , which do n't have diplomatic relations , have been at odds over the Islamic republic 's nuclear aspirations and Iran 's ties to anti-American militants in the Middle East and Afghanistan . The hikers ' case could exacerbate the hostilities during next month 's U.N. General Assembly meeting . Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has made fiery and controversial speeches at the annual event and is expected to be there again this year . The United States has repeatedly called for Fattal and Bauer 's release . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said U.S. officials were working to confirm media reports of the sentences and trying to get more information with Switzerland , which represents U.S. interests in Iran . Swiss Ambassador to Iran , Livia Leu Agosti , said the Iranian judiciary has not yet informed her of the prison sentences . "  We have repeatedly called for the release of Shane Bauer and Joshua Fattal , who have now been held in Iran 's Evin prison for two years , " Nuland said . "  Shane and Josh have been imprisoned too long , and it is time to reunite them with their families . As Secretary  Hillary  Clinton has said , ` We continue to express our hope that the Iranian authorities will exercise the humanitarian option of releasing these two young men . ' " World leaders , such as U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , have urged Iran to release the men . Amnesty International noted that Bauer and Fattal have been granted one brief family visit when their mothers met with them in May 2010 . "  They have been denied adequate access to their lawyer and have had very limited access to consular assistance , " the human rights watchdog said last month . "  Iranian authorities have ignored repeated appeals from the international community and the men 's families to release them and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has hinted that the hikers were being held as a bargaining chip to be used in Iran 's dealings with the United States . " Iranian police said the Americans illegally entered Iran . The Tehran Prosecutor 's office has "  compelling evidence " that the three were cooperating with U.S. intelligence agencies , Press TV has reported . Shourd has said the hikers did not know they had crossed the border while hiking . Fattal and Bauer pleaded not guilty to the charges . The three are graduates of the University of California at Berkeley . Shafiei argued that his clients should n't be regarded as spies because they do n't have the "  characteristics and background of spies . " Shafiei had said the time the two have spent in Iranian custody is enough , even if the court reached a guilty verdict in a recent hearing . Shourd was released in September and returned to the United States after 410 days of solitary confinement . She remained a defendant in the case , but was not required to appear in court for a July 31 hearing . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report	Defense attorney , Swiss Embassy ca n't yet confirm reports Bauer and Fattal were seized two years ago Another hiker , Sarah Shourd was freed in September for medical reasons Human rights groups have accused Iran of using hikers as "  a bargaining chip "
Anthony Box , 17 , is your typical all-American boy . He spends his time studying , chilling with his school friends , and riding a unicycle . Except Anthony is living for a year in Beijing with a Chinese family . He 's part of the School Year Abroad program , which recently partnered with the ambitious "  100,000 Strong Foundation " that aims to strengthen often frosty U.S.-China relations , one teenager at a time . The organization says it has already achieved its aim of having more than 100,000 U.S. students in China . However , the numbers of American students in China are dwarfed by the 235,500 Chinese currently studying in America . Their ranks include Shunshun Zhang , 18 , who spent three years studying at a high school in Vermont . Can Anthony and Shunshun succeed where presidents and diplomats have failed and bridge the gap between the two superpowers ? Here are their stories . US , China reach historic climate change deal Anthony Box studies in Beijing and lives with a Chinese family . Many of my American classmates thought it was insane to leave America and go to school for a year in China . I 'm interested in foreign languages and cultures and China has always piqued my interest . The most surprising thing that I encountered here was the large number of people living , working , and moving around in Beijing . When I ride my unicycle , hordes of people stop what they are doing just to stare in amazement . It 's also helped me realize that in Beijing the herd mentality is a very common thing . Before arriving in China , I believed that many locals would be unwelcoming to foreigners like myself but that 's totally inaccurate . The Chinese people I meet are always friendly and willing to help . On weekends , I go to Beijing 's numerous parks and chat with the local people . Many of the elders love to explain the history of China and talk about their childhood , which allows me to understand the richness and nuances of China 's culture . The language barrier has been the main challenge . In the beginning , there were only a few topics that I could comfortably speak about with my host parents . Conversations were limited often out of fear that I would run out of words to say or I would not understand . I 've started to move out of my comfort zone and can speak about many different things such as Beijing 's pollution , traffic and divorce . Living with a Chinese family has been wonderful . I wake up in the morning and eat breakfast with them . They help me understand and navigate Chinese culture . I consider and treat my host family as if they were my own family at home . And , I feel very fortunate in that that they treat me like their own son . My school back home is larger so I 'm unable to get to know every student and faculty member , but my school in China is much smaller . This also allows for the students and teachers to have a more personal relationship with each other . Colorful economic summit ends with rare news conference in Beijing Shunshun Zhang recently graduated after studying at a high school in Vermont for three years . He will attend the University of Iowa next year to study mathematics . I have been living with Chapman family in a small Vermont village called Post Mills . My host parents are the sweetest couple and best parents I have met . Without their help , I would not have fitted into life here so fast . My three host siblings have helped me a lot in both my academic and social life . At first , I thought it would be very hard for me to make friends among the high school students but within the first few weeks I was proved wrong . On the first day I arrived Ella , Cole  my homestay sister and brother  and Andy , one of their friends , took me to swim in a lake . Everyone in the school is friendly and willing to help me with anything . I could n't believe that I used to think that the students were all mean . I made many friends through the soccer team , photography club and my classes . I think the most shocking thing to me is the togetherness of local community and my high school . I grew up in Beijing and I never experienced country life and every family seems like a small part of a bigger family . I also did community service with my host siblings and friends . For example , we helped stack wood for our neighbor , and my school even has a fund raising day -- every student helped raise money for children in Zimbabwe to go to school . I think the idea of sharing and unity in this community really taught me something . I think China and the U.S. have two complete different educational systems . Each system has its own advantages and they both fit their own country . I chose to go to an American high school because I wanted to experience more -- I found the U.S. education system to be more attractive to me . There are a lot of things that I would never have learned and experienced if I went to school in Beijing . My high school in the U.S. offers many more diverse classes compared to schools in China . I could choose any class I like such as drama and film analysis . Students could even start a new course with a mentor . For example , I was interested in photography and I was able to do it in my high school with a professional photographer . I was also the editor of the school yearbook . I never thought that the knowledge I learned from school could be so diverse . I felt that I became a real member of the Chapman family . We spent time together and we shared the housework . They treated me as one of their own . I am really thankful that I could have three unforgettable years in Vermont . 24 hours with President Obama in China	Relations between the United States and China are often tense Organization hopes to thaw frosty ties by sending U.S. teens to China More than 235,500 Chinese study in the United States Can these "  teen diplomats " succeed where presidents have failed ?
CNN  -- Comedian Craig Ferguson says he 's leaving his gig as host of "  The Late Late Show " to pursue other projects . "  CBS and I are not getting divorced , we are ` consciously uncoupling , ' " Ferguson said in a statement released by the network Monday , employing the infamous phrase actress Gwyneth Paltrow used to describe her recent split from singer Chris Martin . "  We will still spend holidays together and share custody of the fake horse and robot skeleton , both of whom we love very much , " he added . The Scottish-born comic announced his plans to step down as the show 's host in December during a taping of the show Monday . Nina Tassler , chairman of CBS Entertainment , said in a statement that it was Ferguson 's choice to leave . "  We respect his decision to move on , " she said , "  and we look forward to celebrating his final broadcasts during the next eight months . " Tassler praised Ferguson 's "  versatile talents as a writer , producer , actor and comedian . " "  He infused the broadcast with tremendous energy , unique comedy , insightful interviews and some of the most heartfelt monologues seen on television , " she said . Ferguson has hosted the show since 2005 . When David Letterman announced this month that he would retire from "  The Late Show " in 2015 , some suggested Ferguson might be the man to replace him . But that job went to Comedy Central funnyman Stephen Colbert .	Ferguson : "  CBS and I are not getting divorced , we are ` consciously uncoupling ' " The network says it was Ferguson 's decision to move on The Scottish-born comedian has hosted "  The Late Late Show " since 2005 He announced during a taping that he will step down as the show 's host in December
CNN  -- As Iraqis count the votes following the first parliamentary elections since U.S. troops withdrew from the country at the end of 2011 , they agree on one thing : the fierce urgency of change . Although the vote is an important milestone in Iraq 's fragile state , it is unlikely to resolve the country 's severe political crisis and generate a new social contract and a constitution that enshrine equal citizenship before the rule of law . At the heart of Iraq 's structural crisis lies a dysfunctional political system based on muhasasa or distribution of power along communal , ethnic and tribal lines , a system put in place after the U.S. invaded and occupied the country in 2003 . Ever since , the dominant social groups have fought over the division of political spoils , unwilling to put the interests of the nation over their own sects and tribes . Although the rules of the game influence the conduct of the political class , politicians of all colors  Shiites , Sunni Arabs and Sunni Kurds  have not transcended their narrow parochial concerns and have not risen up to the historic challenge . Iraq faces a two-pronged systemic and leadership challenge . The ruling political class is as much responsible for Iraq 's predicament as structural conditions . The structure is not destiny . Having taken ownership of the country after U.S. occupation and ouster of Saddam Hussein , the Shiite leadership has treated Sunni Arabs like second-class citizens and has equated its numerical majority with a license to monopolize power at the expense of others . In a similar vein , the Sunni leadership has not come to terms with the new realities of post-Saddam Iraq and still entertains illusions about ruling Iraq . Kurdish leaders would not mind if Iraq burns as long as they preserve a separate Kurdistan -- a quasi-independent entity . Of all actors , Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki bears greater responsibility for the steep deterioration of the security situation and the quality of life of Iraqis , including corruption that infects all aspects of Iraqi society . After eight years in office and monopolizing power , al-Maliki has failed his countrymen and has delivered neither security nor prosperity . He was blind and deaf to the gathering storm among Sunnis Arabs who feel excluded by what they view as his sectarian-based policies . Under his watch , al Qaeda factions -- or the Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham  Greater Syria  known by its Arabic acronym , "  Daish " -- has revived and found shelter among dissatisfied Sunnis . Indeed , Iraq is deeply polarized along social , ideological and communal lines , witnessing a resilient Sunni insurgency in late 2012 that has exacted a heavy human toll and has almost plunged the country to the brink of civil war . Since last May , almost 1,000 civilians get killed each month and the insurgents , a mix of tribesmen and al Qaeda extremists , control neighborhoods of the provincial capital , Ramadi , and nearly all of the nearby city of Fallujah . The conflict in Syria has aggravated communal tensions in Iraq and polarized the country further . It is now almost forgotten that the Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham established al-Nusra Front in Syria , al Qaeda 's official arm , and built a potent jihadist infrastructure in the war-torn country . The two insurgencies in Syria and Iraq feed on one another and supply the fuel that powers their deadly engines . Yet al-Maliki , who leads the mainly Shiite State of Law Coalition , is shamelessly running on a triumphant slogan presenting himself as a strong Shiite leader who can defeat al Qaeda . "  Together , we defeat terrorism " , one of his campaign posters declares . Instead of pledging to form a genuine national unity government that tackles Iraq 's structural problems , al-Maliki is also asking voters to give him an absolute majority to form a stronger central rule , as if he has not already accumulated too much power , blaming weak governance on political rivals who blocked his efforts . "  Partnership with other political factions has hampered the government performance , " al-Maliki told his supporters during a campaign rally in Babil province south of Baghdad . It is doubtful if either al-Maliki 's coalition or any other would gain an outright electoral majority because of the extent of inter - and intra-communal fragmentation . More than 9,000 candidates from nearly 280 political entities are vying for 328 seats in parliament . Not unlike the last parliamentary vote in 2010 , intra-sectarian Shiite rivalries mark this round . The prime minister 's bloc is challenged by The Citizen Coalition , led by Ammar al-Hakim of the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq , Ammar al-Hakim , and the Ahrar Coalition , formed by followers of the Islamist populist Sadrist Movement . Although in 2010 Iran played a key role in convincing al-Hakim and al-Sadr to back al-Maliki and provide him with a majority to form a government , it might not be able to do so now given that the gulf among the three reluctant Shiite allies has widened . Sunni Arabs are as divided as the Shiites . In a consolidated democracy , electoral division would produce a broadly-based coalition government . Not so in Iraq 's case , a fragile country with deep sociological rifts , dysfunctional political system , and absence of a viable progressive non-sectarian alternative . Far from beginning the complex process of nation-building and social reconstruction , an urgent task , the vote would likely prolong the crisis of authority and legitimation . Many Iraqis whom I speak to say they have low expectations of the vote ; they are cynical about the politicians who promise deliverance but fall far too short . I have not met a single Iraqi who believes that the elections would signal either a new beginning , a different direction , or inject fresh blood in the veins of the cloaked body politic . Rather more modestly , Iraqis hope that the new leadership will prevent the country from sliding to all-out war and putting its house in order . READ : Iraqis vote amid worst violence in years	Iraqis have been voting in the first election since U.S. troop withdrawal in 2011 Iraq has dysfunctional system put in place after U.S. invaded in 2003 , writes Fawaz Gerges Dominant social groups have fought over the division of political spoils , he adds Gerges : Vote is important milestone but is unlikely to resolve severe political crisis
CNN  -- If you 're going to photograph Olivia Wilde , she 's going to make sure you get the full picture . So , in the September issue of Glamour magazine , that meant getting in a breast-feeding photo as well . The 30-year-old actress attended the shoot with her infant son , Otis , whom she welcomed with fiance Jason Sudeikis in April . In one image , she feeds her firstborn in a diner while wearing a Roberto Cavalli gown -- which , OK , is n't exactly how she does it at home . Olivia Wilde , Jason Sudeikis welcome baby boy "  Being shot with Otis is so perfect because any portrait of me right now is n't complete without my identity as a mother being a part of that , " Wilde explained . "  Breast-feeding is the most natural thing . I do n't know , now it feels like Otis should always be on my breast . " To Wilde , the photograph depicts "  that multifaceted woman " that "  we know we can be , " she went on . "  You can be someone who is at once maternal and professional and sexy and self-possessed , " Wilde said . "  But  I mean , I certainly do n't really look like that when I 'm  typically  breast-feeding . And there 's usually a diaper involved . " After the pictures were shared online , Wilde joked via Twitter that "  Otis ordered milkshakes . Luckily I had some on me . Then he peed on my dress . Good kid . #boobfood #whennaturecalls . " She also thanked Glamour for "  knowing there 's nothing indecent about feeding a hungry baby . " As far as her relationship with Otis ' dad , actor and "  Saturday Night Live " alum Sudeikis , Wilde sounds just as content as she looks in her photo . "  We 're engaged , but no specific plans yet , " Wilde said . "  We just have to find the time to put it together . In many ways , a child is more of a commitment . We are fully committed and really happy as a family . And there 's no definition of the ` normal family ' anymore . Kids today are growing up with so many different definitions of family . I guess what I 'm saying is that I do n't feel any pressure to do it . But I think it will be really fun . "	Olivia Wilde poses for Glamour magazine with her infant son , Otis One image depicts the actress breast-feeding She jokes that Otis "  ordered milkshakes " during the shoot
A California meat company suspended by the U.S. Department of Agriculture because of "  insanitary conditions " is operating again , the agency said Wednesday . "  On Monday ,  the Food Safety and Inspection Service  suspended operations at Central Valley Meat Co. due to insanitary conditions at the establishment , " the agency said in a statement Wednesday . "  After the company took corrective actions to address the issue , the suspension was lifted , and the plant has resumed operations . " The Central Valley Meat Co. in Hanford , California , supplies beef for federal school nutrition programs . In 2011 , it provided nearly 21 million pounds of beef , or nearly 16 % of the supply . Meanwhile , Nestlé USA has issued a recall of two varieties of Philly Steak and Cheese Hot Pockets because they may contain meat the department has already recalled . The two brands are Hot Pockets brand Philly Steak and Cheese in three different pack sizes , and Hot Pockets brand Croissant Crust Philly Steak and Cheese in the two-pack box . For the exact batch code , please check this release . Earlier , the USDA said the Rancho Feeding Corp. had recalled more than 8.7 million pounds of meat products because it "  processed diseased and unsound animals and carried out these activities without the benefit or full benefit of federal inspection . " The Hot Pockets may contain some of this meat . No illnesses have been reported in relation to the recall . Eatocracy : What is ` adulterated ' meat ? According to Nestlé , consumers should return the products to the place of purchase for a full refund or contact Nestlé consumer services at 800-392-4057 . In August 2012 , Central Valley Meat was closed while the USDA investigated what it called "  disturbing evidence of inhumane treatment of cattle " at the supplier following its receipt of a video from an animal welfare group . However , the USDA said at the time the video found nothing that would compromise food safety . Central Valley Meat was cleared to reopen a few days later after the USDA said the company "  committed to a number of corrective actions , including additional humane handling training for employees and safeguards . " In October , Central Valley Meat recalled more than 89,000 pounds of ground beef , saying it may contain small pieces of plastic , according to the USDA . No illnesses were reported .	USDA had closed meat plant that supplies federal nutrition programs The meat plant , closed for ` insanitary conditions ' reopened Wednesday In separate action , Philly Steak and Cheese Hot Pockets may contain recalled meat No illnesses have been reported in relation to the recall
The Frisky  -- When I asked an old friend why she had n't just broken up with her live-in boyfriend instead of beginning a messy affair with a married neighbor , she snapped , "  Do n't be stupid -- nobody leaves a relationship without having another one in place . " Overlappers refuse to end one relationship until they have another one in progress . Oh , please , I corrected her . Of course they do . People fall out of love or get angry and leave without a safety net all the time . But as I thought back , I realized that for as long as I knew her , she never had . Even when she pretty much hated the one she was with , she stuck it out until she 'd lined up his replacement . I could never understand why . My friend is beautiful , successful and very smart ; surely being single for a little while would n't end her world . Women are n't the only ones guilty of this . I know -- and have unfortunately dated -- plenty of men who careen from one girlfriend directly into another , often with a big fat overlap ; connecting the two relationships like a murky Venn diagram . I understand that being single can be annoying and lonely sometimes , but there are plenty of good reasons not to be -- or date ! -- an Overlapper . 1 . Karma ! While overlapping is definitely cheating , the difference is these types go into it with the sole purpose of transitioning into another relationship . But however you word it , Overlappers deceive one or both parties in order to get what they want . When you begin a relationship dishonestly , it usually comes back to bite you in the butt . At the very least , you will never be fully able to trust an Overlapper . Because -- as yet another cliche based in truth goes -- if he does it with you , he 'll do it to you . 2 . Drama ! Breakups are never fun , however splits caused by infidelity are hands down the most explosive . If you 're like my friend and her man  who , against all odds , actually left his wife  , this means that instead of talking about hearts , flowers , and butterflies -- like other new couples -- you spend your nights plotting how to hide assets and whether or not your overpaid lawyer is enough of a shark . How romantic ! 3 . The Pressure ! Though they may appear independent , people who ca n't be alone are that way because they need to see themselves reflected in someone else 's adoring eyes . But when their mirror  aka , partner  develops a flaw  weight gain , job loss , etc.  , their image of themselves reflects that . Being a narcissist , nothing less than perfection is acceptable , so they start looking for the next mirror . Got that , fatty ? You 'd better stay at the top of your game if you want to hang onto an Overlapper . 4 . Not cute ! "  I met my boyfriend when his puppy peed on my foot " is the perfect example of a meet-cute story . It has all the key elements -- chance , humor , and , best of all , a cuddly puppy ! "  I met my boyfriend because I was his kids ' nanny and then his wife found out , which is how I got this black eye , " is definitely not a tale you 're going to want to share at parties . TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Some people afraid to be alone are guilty of dating overlapping They cheat on both partners while transitioning between relationships Overlappers ca n't be trusted -- they might do it to you Because they 're narcissistic , they 'll trade you in for better model
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi President Jalal Talabani will likely not seek re-election once his term ends . Jalal Talabani says he will not run for Iraq 's president again , but he plans to stay in the political arena . Talabani , 75 , has been president since April 2005 . The ethnic Kurd was re-elected in 2006 for a four-year term . Although he "  has expressed his willingness not to seek another presidential nomination ... it does not mean that he will withdraw from the political and partisan arena , " a message on Talabani 's Web site said . "  President Talabani , on various occasions , sought to emphasize the importance and the need to devolve the power , tasks and responsibilities of leadership in the country to local authorities , especially at this stage when the country is going through political efforts by the parties to expand their bases , " the statement said . In Iraq , the prime minister wields most of the power . However , Talabani played an important role in maintaining the country 's delicate ethnic balance . The Iraqi parliament picks the president and two vice presidents , a Sunni and a Shia . All will leave office when parliamentary polls are held in December . Talabani is the head of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan  PUK  party . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Iraq president Jalal Talabani says he will likely not seek re-election Talabani , 75 , has been president since April 2005 Talabani , a Kurd , played role in maintaining the country 's ethnic balance
Heavy rains threatened to inundate sections of the central and southern Plains Tuesday -- a day after a suspected tornado from the same slow-moving system touched down in south-central Texas . The National Weather Service has issued a flash flood watch for sections of Texas , Louisiana , Oklahoma and Arkansas . Severe thunderstorms are forecast across much of the same area . By Wednesday morning , accumulations up to 10 inches of rain are expected in northeast Texas and southeast Oklahoma , up to 8 inches in southwest Arkansas , with 4 to 5 inches being common across the rest of the watch area , forecasters said . Severe weather raked the heart of Texas Monday evening , with a suspected tornado touching down near Natalia , a town of about 1,400 residents . The Medina County , Texas , Sheriff 's Office said it received more than 300 calls about damages or injuries . Charlie 's Ice House , a bar in Devine , was in shambles after winds barreled through , ripping off its roof . "  It happened so fast and everyone was getting away from the doors ... and then it was over , " said co-owner Marilyn Banks , adding that none of the 20 to 25 people inside suffered much more than a few scratches . Authorities , though , are "  in rescue mode " searching for a motorcycle rider who is unaccounted for since the system came through , said Lawrence Trevino , San Antonio 's emergency manager who is assisting neighboring counties in the response . He said that some injuries have been reported , but there are no known deaths after the strong winds damaged about six homes . Joanne Ortiz said she saw what appeared to be three funnel clouds from her home in Devine . "  At first we were fascinated by it . But once we saw two of them , we thought , where do we go ? " said Ortiz , who lives in a one-story manufactured home on a 3-acre lot . In Bexar County , which includes San Antonio , Fire Marshall 's Office spokeswoman Laura Jesse said there "  are reports of damage to one home in southwest Bexar County " but otherwise the impact appears to be limited . "  This is a rural area , so it 's not that populated , " Jesse said . In Hurst , located in the Dallas-Forth Worth area , high winds ripped the awning off a strip mall , CNN affiliate KTVT-TV reported . The unsettled weather pattern brought snow to the western United States over the weekend and more was forecast for Tuesday . The city of Flagstaff was still digging out of 10 to 14 inches of snow , which prompted school closings in the city . The city of Prescott received 8 to 12 inches . iReport : Are you there ? Send us your weather photos Brandon Neuman of Flagstaff produced a time-lapse video of about a foot of snow falling on his backyard deck in seven hours . "  The other day it was 65 degrees , next day it is snowing , so it 's been crazy , " Neuman said . "  It killed a lot of people 's travel plans because the highways are a mess . " But in eastern parts of the country , balmy conditions prevailed , with temperatures well above average from Texas and the Midwest all the way to the East Coast .	Flash floods are possible in Texas , Louisiana , Oklahoma and Arkansas Rain amounts of up to 10 inches are possible , forecasters say A woman says winds ripped the roof off her bar , though no one was hurt A suspected twister touched down Monday . in a rural part of south-central Texas
It is 10 years after the invasion of Iraq , and images of Iraqi women from various political parties are filling the streets of Baghdad ahead of April 's local elections -- a sign to casual observers that women 's equality is on track in this war-ravaged country . But although the women of Iraq have obtained some benefits on paper , the reality is that they have lost far more than they have gained since the war began in 2003 . On the political front , Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki has not appointed a single woman to a senior cabinet position , despite the fact women are guaranteed 25 % of the seats in parliament by the constitution . The Ministry of Women 's Affairs , a poorly-funded and mostly ceremonial department , is the lone ministry headed up by a woman . FULL COVERAGE : The Iraq War , 10 years on Constitutionally , women were able to secure the ability to pass their citizenship on to their children by non-Iraqi husbands , making Iraq one of a handful Arab countries with such a provision for their female citizens . But on the other hand , women are no longer guaranteed equal treatment under one law in terms of marriage , divorce , inheritance and custody . That law , the Family Statutes Law , has been replaced one giving religious and tribal leaders the power to regulate family affairs in the areas they rule in accordance with their interpretation of religious laws . This not only is making women more vulnerable , it is giving women from various sects  Sunni or Shia  or religion  Muslim or Christian  different legal treatments on the same issues . EXCLUSIVE : Hans Blix on ` terrible mistake ' in Iraq Economically , women have gone from being visibly active in the Iraqi work force in the 1980s -- particularly in the farming , marketing and professional services sectors -- to being nearly non-existent in 2013 . The women who could afford it withdrew from the public space due the violence dominating the streets . 10 years ago Iraq produced much of its own food and had a productive industrial sector -- but now Iraq imports practically all of its food , and farmers and factory workers simply found themselves out of a job as industry ground to a halt . And while both women and men suffered as a result , the impact on women was greater due to their limited mobility in the face of poor security . ARWA DAMON : Iraq suffocates in cloak of sorrow Violence against women -- and the lack of legal protection for women -- is also on the rise . Women 's rights groups blame the increase in violence on the social and economic pressure that families face , the lack of public and political will to stop it , and the increase religious conservatism that often justifies the violence . The saddest part of the story is the lost memory of what Iraqi women once were . I grew up in Baghdad with a working mother who drove herself to the office and always told me that I could anything I wanted with my life . My mother 's friends were factory managers , artists , principals and doctors . It has been just over 20 years since I left Iraq . Today , female college students ask me if it is true that the streets of Baghdad were once full of women driving , that women could walk around in public at all times of the day without worry , that university campuses were once filled with women who did not wearing headscarves . It would be unfair to blame the regression Iraqi women have faced only on the last 10 years , as the previous decade of economic sanctions that preceded it also took its toll on Iraqi society . But it is necessary to observe -- especially in light of all the changes that are happening in post-Arab Spring countries -- that female political participation in a country 's democratic process can not be the end of the story . Women 's active economic and social engagement is just as crucial to society as it is to their own wellbeing . America entered Iraq in 2003 with lots of promises , but women 's rights were not even on the radar screen . Ten years later , Iraqi women find themselves the subjects of a story that does not have a happy ending . But despite the challenges that face them , some Iraqi women continue to stand up for women 's rights . They deserve everyone 's support , for the story of women 's rights is the story of Iraq 's future .	Iraqi women have lost more than they 've gained since Iraq War began in 2003 Women no longer guaranteed equal treatment under Family Statutes Law Violence against women is also on the rise
CNN  -- After months and months of your cubicle walls contracting in on you like some kind of demonic fun house , it 's finally time for that most coveted of reprieves : a vacation ! Sun ! Drinking ! Ill-advised hookups with accommodating locals !  Hey , an exotic foreign bed beats the Four Elks Motor Lodge ... While many of you may breeze out your office door , throwing around claims like "  I 'm leaving my laptop at home ! " "  No cellphone on this trip ! " and "  I might just stay and become Amish ! " it 's highly unlikely that you 're going to completely divorce yourself from the technological realm the minute you pull on your fanny pack . Why ? Well , with the rise of the smartphone and the growing ubiquity of in-flight Wi-Fi , we 're about as addicted to tech as your average hipster is to heartache and broken dreams  read : very  . Case in point : According to research from Xobni and Harris Interactive ,72 percent of people in the U.S. check e-mail during their time off . Although we 're not advocating logging in to Gmail or Entourage while sunning on Hermosa Beach  that 's just indicative of a bleak , coffee-stained future  , we 're all for staying at least a little plugged-in whilst unplugging . Just remember , there 's a fine line between sharing your vacation with your associates at home and becoming that annoyingly tan , infuriatingly-drunk-at-3-p.m. layabout who texts pictures of sun-drenched beaches to her cubicle-shackled friends . Read on for three ways to keep your clock-punching compatriots abreast of your holiday goings-on -- without making them want to leap down the elevator shaft . Share snaps wisely Remember the good old days when , after a vacation , Dad would get out the projector and invite the neighbors over for a Jell-O mold , cocktails and an endless parade of awkward photos of you and your sister blinking into the sun in front of the Grand Canyon ? Well , we 've moved past the days of such outmoded projectors  unless it 's a bad-ass D-ILA and you 're screening "  Planet Earth " while trying to seduce that cinephile chick you picked up at the indie film fest last week  , and we really should move past the practice of photographic torture . Instead of uploading every . single . snap . to Facebook as soon as you get home , take your time selecting the most interesting and relevant shots . We 're assuming that since you 're putting your photos online , you want people to look at them , and no one wants to look at 15 identical pictures -- sans captions -- of your aunt standing in front of the Chinese Theatre with her arm around the dude dressed as Jack Sparrow . Also , now that Facebook has launched drag-and-drop functionality , making it easy to reorder you albums , you have no excuse for shirking chronology . Put your photos in order so that your friends can witness the progression of your vacation-induced joy and abandon -- from slightly bedraggled relief to hugging-the-redwoods-in-Muir-Woods ecstasy . For those among you who have just returned from a group vacation replete with inside jokes  "  She started singing in her sleep ! " "  Hot drinks , really gets you going ! " "  The body fit in the trunk perfectly ! "  and shared experiences , there 's a ton of places you can view and trade snaps with your traveling companions without boring/perplexing your excluded pals . Facebook recently revamped its Groups feature , making it a more private , personal place to trade stories and pictures . There 's also a new social network called the Fridge where you can create private groups that can only be seen by invitees . Such venues are probably a better place to share those naked photobooth shots than , say , Flickr . Create a guidebook via location-sharing You know that chick ? The one who 's always updating her status about her wondrous vacation experiences ? Yeah . We hate her . Especially when things are slow at the office and we click over to Twitter , where she 's describing in vivid detail the delicious goat cheese , avocado and walnut crepe she just ingested in Mendocino . Although some of you may be hesitant about location-sharing , if you 're smart about it  i.e. only letting friends follow you on Foursquare , having a closed Twitter account and Facebook profile , etc.  , Foursquare and the like can be great for sharing your experiences with your friends . Instead of just broadcasting how much fun you 're having at that bike-punk bar in the Mission , check in via Foursquare and tell your friends about the awesome jukebox chock-fulla obscure polka tracks . That way , they can learn a little about your getaway locale of choice and perhaps get some tips for future trips . And , bonus for you : You 'll have a detailed record of everywhere you visited -- which comes in handy when , months later , you 're trying to remember where you met that dude who keeps texting you about seeing his metal band play when he 's in town next week . Let people know you 're gone This may seem obvious , but , um , you should probably tell people when you go out of town for a week or so . Yeah , you 've probably already set up your vacation responder at work  Make sure you spell everything right in that sucker ; you do n't need clients thinking you 're an idiot when you 're not even around to mess up in person  , but your friends and relations probably wan na know your whereabouts at as well . You know , so they do n't think you hate them . We suggest putting up a non-annoying Facebook status announcing that you 're taking off , as well as shooting off a quick mass e-mail . You can also use this opportunity to crowdsource your pals and ask them what to hit up while you 're off the clock . Yeah , this level of digital checking-in might seem a little excessive , but we live in a world in which you can will your digital assets to loved ones via services like Entrustet so a quick , "  Hey , I 'm out of town " tweet really ai n't that extreme . Come to think of it , you should probably check out Entrustet before that bull-running/wine-tasting trip to Pamplona . Just sayin ' ...	There 's a fine line between sharing your vacation and becoming an annoyance Put up a non-annoying Facebook status to say you 're taking off , and send a mass e-mail Foursquare and the like can be great for sharing your experiences with your friends
Philadelphia  CNN  -- On a warm , late summer evening , Nas Scott readies himself atop patchy grass and waits . At the sound of his coach 's whistle , the 12-year-old charges a tee , kicking a football and dirt into the setting sun . Despite the less-than-desirable field conditions , Scott and his fellow teammates from the North Philadelphia Aztecs are fired up . They 're excited because the youth football program is getting a much-needed boost from a local hero . The Aztecs practice on a field at the center of Hunting Park in the heart of North Philadelphia . Instead of playing on gridiron befitting of national champions , their home field is a dust bowl -- and sometimes a lake , depending on the weather . The field is in such poor condition they have n't hosted a home game in 19 years . "  I feel very upset because we have to go to a high school and we ca n't just play here , " said eighth-grader John Paul , 13 . But this week , the Aztecs -- the first inner-city youth football team to win a Pop Warner championship -- got word they 're getting a new field , compliments of Philadelphia Eagles ' quarterback Michael Vick . On Tuesday , the newly formed Team Vick Foundation announced that its first major gift totaling $ 200,000 goes to the Aztecs for a new field . Vick , who spent about 18 months in federal prison after pleading guilty to dogfighting charges in 2007 , said the donation is a gift to the City of Brotherly Love for embracing him after the Eagles signed him following his release from prison . "  It 's important because the kids mean a lot , I think , and the Philadelphia community deserves that . When I first got here they embraced me and it 's something that I 'll never forget , " Vick said . The former Atlanta Falcons player got his start in football growing up in Virginia . Although watching the Aztecs play brings back memories for the football giant , Vick said he wants them to learn from his mistakes . "  Do everything that you can , you know , to stay on the right path . That 's where it all starts . Other than that , football is obsolete ; it does n't matter , " he said . "  You are what you eat ... and they have to understand that perception is just as big as reality . " The new football field is the capstone project for the $ 4 million revitalization effort led by the Fairmount Park Conservancy , a small but mighty nonprofit working to improve the city 's vast park system . Other sport legends signed on to help the troubled Hunting Park , including the Phillies ' Ryan Howard and tennis great Billie Jean King . Since renovations began , the park has seen a new baseball field , tennis courts , playgrounds and a community garden complete with farmer 's market . "  It has literally been a coalition of champions , an army of champions if you will , who are helping to lift this project up and make it successful , " said Kathryn Ott Lovell , executive director of Fairmount Park Conservancy . "  This park became a real liability . People avoided it at all costs . " Once part of the estate of James Logan , who was state founder William Penn 's secretary , the 87-acre Hunting Park went from a destination point in the 1940s and '50s to a place riddled with crime and drugs . Things got so bad one city official was skeptical of a turnaround . "  My skepticism , not my participation , but my skepticism was blown out of the water early on . I think this is one of the most remarkable comebacks in my 30 years of public service that I 've seen anywhere , " said Michael DiBerardinis , commissioner of Philadelphia Parks & Recreation . "  Michael Vick 's  attraction to the neighborhood really says a lot about who he is , what he cares about and how he views himself in the world . " At Hunting Park , the Aztecs use football as a positive outlet for youth hailing from some of the city 's toughest neighborhoods , something head coach Jeremiah Berry said he wants to last . Berry , who played football growing up and even played on the same field in Hunting Park , said the Aztecs program went from three teams in 1994 to eight teams today , serving close to 400 young people from ages 5 to 15 . "  I 've seen some good kids come , I have seen some kids that are no longer with us and some kids get caught up in the wrong things , " Berry said . "  The park gets a second chance , the kids get a second chance and Michael Vick got a second chance . So , it 's meant to be , a match made in heaven . "	The home field of the North Philadelphia Aztecs is in disrepair The Aztecs are the first inner-city youth team to win Pop Warner championship Michael Vick 's nonprofit has donated $ 200,000 to build the team a new field Other athletes helping city parks program are Ryan Howard , Billie Jean King
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Caring for a car has you a befuddled . The honeymoon 's over , and bureaucratic tasks are beating out bliss . You 're meeting with a prospective babysitter or housekeeper , a stranger you 'll entrust with much of your life . Rory Tahari , with son Jeremey , hopes to make life 's to-do 's more manageable with a new book and iPhone app . How do you know what to do ? Where should you go and when ? What should you ask these people ? You need a list ! If figuring out the answers to these kinds of questions leaves you loopy , Rory Tahari has a new book that may have your name on it . "  Lists for Life : The Essential Guide to Getting Organized and Tackling Tough To-Dos " is just what it says it is : a compilation of lists to help readers navigate everything they might need for weddings and funerals , household maintenance and vacations , divorces and diaper bags . Watch Tahari discuss the book " Along the same lines , she 's behind a new iPhone application -- a travel packing list , available through the iTunes store -- that she said has been downloaded in about a dozen countries . "  It 's just how my brain is wired . It 's part of my DNA , " said Tahari , vice chairwoman and creative director of Elie Tahari , the fashion design house bearing her husband 's name . "  I do n't know how to operate other than to make a list . " CNN sat down with Tahari to discuss when her list-making started , what she 's passed on to her children  son Jeremey , 8 , weighs in  and how being stuck in a snowstorm inspired her . Here are excerpts from that interview . CNN : You 've earned the nickname "  The List Mistress , " but when did this , dare I say , obsession start ? Tahari : From a very young age , I was a compulsive list-maker . I was always organizing something or doing some kind of list . The first list I really remember making was taking an inventory of every piece of clothing in my closet and seeing how many different outfits I could make . I think I came up with 112 combinations . CNN : The book covers such a wide range of topics : weddings , the home , pregnancy , travel , medical , emergencies , divorce and more . How many of these lists are or were based on your own organizational needs ? Tahari : Ninety percent of the book came from actual experiences I 've lived through myself . The other 10 percent , I basically did the research . -LSB- She has a degree in journalism and is a former TV producer . -RSB- I fell off a horse two years ago , and I broke my back . I 'd never been hospitalized before , so I never knew what it was like to be hospitalized . If you have a friend or family member who 's in the hospital , bring them a blanket . They 're always going to be cold , and the blankets they give you in the hospital do n't cut it . And the nurses ? You need them ; they do n't need you . A little batch of cookies or brownies goes a long way with the nurses . And you know what ? You 'll have a lot better hospital stay . CNN : Some of these to-do lists seem more fitting and standard than others . How did you decide what would go in the book ? Tahari : People say , "  Why the emergency chapter ? If you 're in the middle of an emergency , you 're not going to grab the book . " Obviously , you 're not going to have the book with you in the middle of the emergency . ... But I lived through at least three tornados in Atlanta -LSB- Georgia -RSB- , one terrorist attack in New York and one blackout in New York . And after the blackout , I realized my family does n't have a plan . I wanted to at least stimulate the idea of having a plan . CNN : Can you give me an example of a topic you had to research ? Tahari : Cars . I had to have help with cars . Although , in fourth or fifth grade , there was some crazy snowstorm in Atlanta -LSB- where she grew up -RSB- . I was stuck in carpool on the way home from school with eight people for eight hours . I had one Tootsie Roll in my backpack , and let me tell you , a Tootsie Roll between eight people did not go far . So I decided in the car section that I wanted to have an emergency road list , a check list of things to have in the car . I was stuck in the car for eight hours , starving to death . CNN : You 've used list making to help friends figure out practical things they need to do , but do the lists you 've made over the years ever venture into the emotional or psychological -- say , for example , pro-con lists for staying in a relationship ? Tahari : This book is not an advice guide . It 's a to-do list . There 's not a lot of prose in the book . I just want to be told what to do . I do n't really want to hear advice . I do n't need to hear the story . Just tell me what to do . CNN : So , Jeremey , how organized are you ? Jeremey : In school , I do n't have such an organized desk because I 'm always busy and do n't have time to clean up . But I do make some kinds of lists . I sort of have a list in my head . I memorize it . CNN : How about when you go on a trip , Jeremey ? Are you a good packer or unpacker ? Jeremey : I would write down stuff on paper and then stick it on the drawers in the hotel -LSB- so he knows where everything is -RSB- . My dad , when he 's packing , he just takes all the clothes and goes like this -LSB- imitating his dad 's voice -RSB- , "  Jeremey , help me throw in the clothes . " I try to fold them up and put them in . I 'm like , "  Dad , you 're not supposed to do that . " Tahari : I definitely think he is taking after me .	Figuring out to-do lists of life made easier with new book and iPhone app Rory Tahari , wife of fashion designer Elie Tahari , has kept lists since childhood "  It 's just how my brain is wired . It 's part of my DNA , " she says
CNN  -- Electronics giant Sony launched its eagerly anticipated social-networking site Thursday for PlayStation 3 users . A gamer plays Sony 's PlayStation 3 . PlayStation Home , which can be downloaded free of charge , will allow PS3 gamers to interact , communicate and share gaming experiences through their own personal "  avatars , " or three-dimensional virtual representations of themselves . Users will be able to chat to each other in Home Square -- a kind of PlayStation clubhouse -- before heading over to the bowling alley to bowl , play pool or use the gaming arcade . They will also be able to access music and video . Users will eventually be able to customize their avatars and virtual apartments with the latest virtual clothing from designers such as Diesel and furniture maker Ligne Roset . Sony also plans to introduce Red Bull Island , where users can jump into the cockpit of a Red Bull Air Race plane and compete against other Home users . "  The idea behind Home is to create a virtual space for PS3 owners to meet up , talk and play games - the easiest way to think of it is as a hybrid of Facebook , Second Life and the prettiest game lobby ever , " Tim Clark , editor in chief at Official PlayStation Magazine UK , told the BBC . All you need to download Home is a PlayStation Network account and access to PlayStation Store . Providing you have the latest system software update installed , the Home icon will appear under PlayStation Network on the PS3 Home Menu  XMB  . "  PlayStation Home is truly a promising network community service on the PlayStation platform , made possible with a combination of the power of PS3 and the PlayStation Network that covers many countries around the globe , " said Kazuo Hirai , President and Group CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment on the company 's Web site .	PlayStation Home can be downloaded free of charge by PS3 users Users communicate , share gaming experiences through their own avatars Designed along the lines of 3-D Second Life virtual world
CNN  -- A decision by Massachusetts prosecutors to subpoena the Twitter records of an Occupy Boston activist , as well as records linked to two Twitter hashtags , has free speech advocates up in arms , calling the move a violation of the First Amendment . Suffolk County prosecutors demanded that Twitter hand over information posted on the social media website by user "  Guido Fawkes , " whose Twitter handle is @p0isAn0N , as well as information from the user behind @OccupyBoston and those who Tweeted #BostonPD or #d0xcak3 , according to the document . The ACLU gave CNN a copy of the subpoena . "  There is a constitutional right to write things on the Internet , " said Peter Krupp , an attorney with the ACLU of Massachusetts who is representing the person using the Twitter handle Guido Fawkes . "  There is a constitutional right to do that anonymously . " A Suffolk County Superior judge held a private hearing Thursday and impounded all documents pertaining to the case , according to Krupp , who said he could not divulge what happened during the session . Krupp said he had requested that the meeting be open to the public . "  Secret court proceedings , particularly proceedings involving First Amendment issues , are troubling as a matter of both law and democracy , " said Carol Rose , executive director for the ACLU of Massachusetts , in a statement . Suffolk County District Attorney spokesman Jake Wark said that , since Thursday 's court proceeding was not public , prosecutors could not comment on the hearing . "  We investigate and prosecute criminal acts , " Wark said . "  We have no interest in investigating political speech or political opinions . " In the subpoena , which was issued on Dec. 14 , prosecutors requested that Twitter release to them "  all available subscriber information , " including IP address logs for the time period between Dec. 8 and Dec. 13 as part of an "  official criminal investigation . " Those dates coincide with clashes between protesters and police in Boston 's Dewey Square . Dozens of protesters were arrested after refusing to leave the public space after being ordered to do so by Boston 's mayor , Thomas Menino . Wark would not elaborate on the nature of the criminal investigation , but said Thursday that "  no charges have been brought against any individual . " Prosecutors had requested that Twitter keep the subpoena confidential , but it was posted online last week and has been viewed by more than 20,000 people , Krupp said . Subpoenaing Twitter records is becoming more common , according to lawyer Ethan Wall , of the Richman Greer law firm in Miami . Wall , who specializes in intellectual property litigation , said the practice could have "  a chilling effect on free speech . " "  We are in this information-accessible age where we can post anything and everything from anywhere on any device , " Wall said . "  Because it 's so easy I do n't think that people put the thought into how this might affect them personally , professionally or legally . " Henry J. Cittone of Cittone & Lindenbaum LLP , an intellectual property law firm in New York , said the most troubling part of the case is that prosecutors are subpoenaing hashtags , meaning that anyone who Tweeted or re-Tweeted #BostonPD or #d0xcak3 could be exposed during the investigation . "  It looks like authorities are trying to build lists of protestors by using hashtag information , as opposed to going after actual criminals -- which would have been the proper focus of such an investigation , " Cittone said . Krupp called the subpoena "  wildly over-broad , " pointing out that requesting records of two Twitter handles -- @p0isAn0N and @OccupyBoston -- could affect thousands . "  That 's not just subscriber information for those accounts , but presumably followers , " he said . Twitter did not respond to requests for comment . A posting on its website says : "  We may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law , regulation or legal request ; to protect the safety of any person ; to address fraud , security or technical issues ; or to protect Twitter 's rights or property . "	Massachusetts prosecutors seeking Twitter records of Occupy activist ACLU calls it a violation of the First Amendment In private hearing , judge impounds all documents pertaining to the case Prosecution spokesman says he can not comment
CNN  -- Dr. Julie Gerberding , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , will leave her post by noon on January 20 , the day President-elect Barack Obama is to be sworn in to office . Dr. Julie Gerberding , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , has resigned effective January 20 . In an e-mail to the staff at the Department of Health and Human Services , which includes the CDC , outgoing HHS Secretary Michael Leavitt asked Gerberding and several other senior officials from his team to submit their letters of resignation . "  She did so , and it was accepted , and it is effective January 20 , " CDC spokeswoman Karen Hunter said . Leavitt explained his move this way : "  The next phase of Transition involves the departure of our team on January 20 , and the arrival of President-elect Obama 's team later that day , " his e-mail said . "  In order to create a clear path for leadership transition , I am attaching a list of senior leaders who will become the acting heads of their respective agencies and offices  or in some cases , remain as heads of their respective agencies and offices  until the new administration appoints individuals to various leadership positions . " In addition to the change at CDC , Assistant HHS Secretary Charlie Johnson will serve as acting secretary , Leavitt said . CDC 's Chief Operating Officer William H. Gimson III will take over as interim director at the agency until the next HHS secretary appoints a new one , the e-mail added . Gimson and Gerberding were traveling and unavailable for comment .	Dr. Julie Gerberding will leave her post by noon on January 20 Outgoing HHS Secretary Michael Leavitt asked her for resignation Chief Operating Officer William H. Gimson III will take over as interim director
Please do n't try to clear airport security at Thanksgiving wearing your loaded firearm . That 's not allowed , and it could slow down the lines during one of the busiest travel days of the year . That 's what a 94-year-old Brooklyn man discovered as he tried to pass through passenger screening at New York 's LaGuardia Airport on Wednesday , security officials said . Transportation Security Administration officers detected the gun attached to the man 's belt at the small of his back he entered the checkpoint body scanner . Police officers from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates LaGuardia and John F. Kennedy International Airports , confiscated the gun . The traveler had a New York City concealed weapons permit , so he was allowed to rebook on a later flight to Palm Beach , a TSA official confirmed . The TSA screens more than 1.7 million passengers and their luggage every day for prohibited items . Travelers who try to transport weapons illegally are subject to arrest , criminal penalties and civil penalties ranging from $ 1,500 to $ 11,000 . TSA finds cocaine in raw meat One gun was n't enough for a Queens , New York , man who was arrested Wednesday at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport after TSA officers found a stash of weapons in two checked bags . The arsenal included two crossbows , three starter pistols , two BB guns , a stun gun , handcuffs and several arrows . TSA officers detected the weapons in the Queens man 's luggage as it was passing through the checked-baggage screening equipment . It was opened after the equipment alerted TSA officers of suspicious items inside the bags . Crazy things Americans tried to take on planes in 2013 Port Authority police arrested the traveler , who was on his way to Dubai , in the terminal on local weapons charges . The TSA has already seized more firearms this year than in all of 2013 . As November 25 , TSA officers had already found 1,973 firearms in carry-on bags at checkpoints across the country , compared to 1,813 firearms for all of 2013 . Travelers can fly with their weapons in checked baggage , but there are TSA rules to follow . There are also state and local weapons laws that vary by jurisdiction . TSA finds 81 pounds of pot in checked luggage	Weapons seized at two New York airports One man tried to wear his loaded firearm through airport screening Another man packed guns and crossbows in his checked luggage Nearly 2,000 firearms have been seized in carry-ons at checkpoints
New York  CNN  -- A bedbug outbreak at two trendy New York retail shops has sounded the alarm among city residents and businesses , prompting calls for the city to examine how it deals with the prickly pests . Hollister , a popular clothing store owned by Abercrombie & Fitch in the fashionable Soho neighborhood , remained closed Friday after a bedbug infestation was found earlier in the week , according to company spokeswoman Iska Hain . And an Abercrombie & Fitch store in South Street Seaport also has been closed by an infestation . Abercrombie and Fitch said Friday afternoon the problem in the SoHo Hollister store had been taken care of and the shop will reopen Saturday morning . "  The company has requested guidance from the mayor 's office on how businesses in Manhattan should deal with this issue , " the company said in a news release . "  In the meantime , the company 's first priority continues to be its customers and associates . " The incidents mirror a sharp overall spike in bedbugs in recent years , yet efforts to combat the problem have mostly focused on residential buildings , leaving the issue of contamination in commercial spaces largely ignored . "  We 've had them in banks , grocery stores , movie theaters , judge 's chambers , schools , dentists ' offices -- everywhere , " said Jeff Eisenberg of PestAway , an exterminating company in Manhattan . The problem , according to Eisenberg , is that bedbugs carry a stigma , which causes many cases to go unreported . "  It 's like a do n't ask , do n't tell policy , " he said . "  People do n't tell their employers that they have bedbugs in their house " -- bedbugs that can hitch a ride to the workplace . According to the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development , it issued 4,811 violation notices to residential landlords for bedbug infestations in 2009 , compared with 82 in the 2003-2004 fiscal year . For the first half of 2010 , 1,976 bedbug violation notices have already been written . However , such statistics represent only a fraction of bedbug cases in the city , as they come almost exclusively from buildings in the rental market . Owners of bedbug-infested residences are less likely to call 311 , the city 's non-emergency hotline , which then notifies the Housing Preservation Department . Further , landlords of commercial structures are currently not obligated to report bedbug infestation . State Assembly member Linda B. Rosenthal , who recently sponsored legislation to require landlords of apartment buildings to disclose information about an apartment 's bedbug history to potential tenants , plans to address the matter of bedbugs in businesses , though she admits doing so will be tricky . "  People buy a shirt , leave it hanging in their apartment , a bug gets on it , and then they go to work . " Rosenthal told CNN . "  If you buy a piece of clothing you should assume it 's bug free , but it 's hard on the retailer to assure that it is , because how would they know . " Treating bedbugs can be extremely expensive , and no insurance policies cover them . "  It would be cost prohibitive on both sides , " Rosenthal said . The rise in bedbug cases is not exclusive to New York . Last year , the federal Environmental Protection Agency sponsored a bedbug conference in Arlington , Virginia . Speaking to a crowd of 230 academics , agency employees and exterminators , Dale Kemery , an agency spokesman , said the incidence of infestation in the United States has tripled since 2005 . Despite their name , bedbugs need not live in beds . They generally live within 10 to 20 feet of their hosts and avoid light , preferring the dark security of spaces behind headboards , under baseboards and behind hanging pictures .	Bedbug infestation shuts down 2 stores in upscale Manhattan areas The critters have become a growing problem in recent years Emphasis so far has been on residences , but the bugs can hitch a ride to work Despite the name , bedbugs need not live in beds
Washington  CNN  -- Five Transportation Security Administration employees have been placed on administrative leave after a sensitive airport security manual was posted on the Internet , the agency announced Wednesday . The TSA said the version of the manual that ended up online was several editions old and did not expose the agency 's current airport screening protocols . And Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told a Senate committee Wednesday that "  The security of the traveling public has never been put at risk . " The manual outlined screening procedures for law enforcement officers , diplomats , prisoners , federal air marshals and others . Napolitano told the Senate Judiciary Committee that action had been taken against a contractor and some TSA supervisors . The agency has instituted an internal review of the incident "  to see what else needs to be done so that the incident never recurs , " she said , and the Department of Homeland Security has asked its inspector general to conduct an independent review "  to make sure that we are being rigorous and very disciplined on what is posted and what is not . " Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , suggested to Napolitano that a "  red team " damage assessment be done -- a review by someone outside the agency to determine what advantage a potential enemy could have gained from the information and recommend what procedures or actions are necessary to minimize the damage . Napolitano said the agency is considering it . "  I think one of my first questions has been , well , what exactly was put out there that was n't available either by observation of airport checkpoints or the like , " she said . "  But indeed , we may , if it is ascertained that there was some information not otherwise available that was put out , I think the red teaming issue is something that I would consider , absolutely . " Kyl replied that "  just from public reports , there are clearly some things you do n't want out there , spelling out the settings on the X-ray machines and explosive detectors , passenger and luggage screening details , pictures of credentials that are authorized , those kind of things . Clearly , somebody could take advantage of those things . " The 93-page instruction manual was written for airport screeners , providing details on how screening is conducted and the limitations of X-ray machines . It was posted on a Web site for government contractors , with sensitive parts redacted -- but the redacted information was not properly protected , and the information was restored by people familiar with the computer program . The manual was dated May 2008 , but the TSA said it was never implemented and has been revised six times , although it did not elaborate on the extent of the revisions . It said the report was removed as soon as it learned of the problem , but the full , unredacted version of the report appeared on at least one Web site Sunday and was distributed more widely Tuesday . Two TSA officials told the Senate Homeland Security Committee that the practice of posting sensitive documents has been suspended for the time being . Rand Beers , under secretary for the National Protection and Programs Directorate at the Department of Homeland Security , and David Heyman , the agency 's assistant secretary for policy , appeared before the committee and faced tough questions from its ranking Republican , Sen. Susan Collins of Maine . Beers pointed out to Collins that the manual was for supervisors , not front-line screeners . "  The actual screening procedures that a TSO , a transportation security officer , would actually use at a screening point are not in that document , " he said . Collins , however , noted that the manual has a whole section on credentials , including those used by members of the CIA , the U.S. Marshals and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . "  I would say to my colleagues that there 's a page with a picture of what an ID for a U.S. senator looks like , and ironically , in the airport this weekend , I had the screener look at my ID and check the manual , " Collins said . "  So this is important , if we 're talking about making sure that the people who would do us harm do n't have the ability to falsify documents , we 've given them a textbook on how to do so in this manual because we 've showed them exactly what documents look like for individuals who are likely to receive less screening because they have these documents , because they are law enforcement officials , for example . " She asked if the TSA had notified those agencies that such information was included in the manual . Heyman told her that such notifications had been made . Collins told the committee that she did not believe she was revealing anything "  that is n't already out . " And Collins aide Jeannine Guttman said the senator believed Napolitano was trying to play down the seriousness of the breach and that her examples would drive home that point . CNN 's Ninette Sosa , Mike Ahlers , Jeanne Meserve and Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	"  The security of the traveling public has never been put at risk , " security chief says She 's considering review by outside agency ; TSA says online manual was several editions old Manual detailed how screeners work , how screening is conducted , X-ray machine limits Officials say the practice of posting sensitive documents has been suspended
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  Demonstrators took to the streets across Brazil on Sunday , protesting corruption and demanding the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff . Her administration is struggling amid a weak economy and a massive corruption scandal involving the country 's state-run oil company . "  I love Brazil . I love my country . And I am tired of corruption . We are tired of corruption . It does n't matter which political party you are from , we are tired of being robbed , " a protester told CNN in Sao Paulo , where people packed the main Paulista Avenue . In Rio de Janeiro , they gathered along Copacabana beach , while in the capital , Brasilia , protesters marched on government headquarters . The mood was festive . Many demonstrators wore the country 's colors -- green , blue and yellow -- waved flags , and chanted : "  Out Dilma . " Amid complaints about the economy , protesters say they are incensed because Brazilian investigators are unraveling a huge money-laundering and bribery case centered around Petrobras , the country 's national oil company . Dozens of politicians , some in Rousseff 's party , are accused of accepting millions in payments . The President has not been implicated in the investigation , but she was the Energy Minister and chairwoman of Petrobras during much of the time that the alleged corruption took place . Why are protesters furious with Brazil 's President ? Sunday night Rousseff sent two of her ministers to address the nation at a televised press conference . The justice minister and the general secretary said that the government was listening and would announce changes in several days designed to combat corruption . The announcement did little to quiet the protests in some cities . Many protesters banged pots and pans and honked car horns . CNN iReporter Bruno Teles with Avant Drones shot aerial footage of the crowds in Sao Paulo . He said , "  Brazilians are tired of such corruption , lies and -LSB- the -RSB- bad economy . " Before becoming the country 's first female president in 2011 , Rousseff , from the Workers ' Party , was chief of staff to former President Lula da Silva . She won re-election in October , in one of the tightest races in recent years , but has since seen her approval rate plummet along with the economy . Brazil is headed into recession again this year , inflation is up and the currency is at a 12-year low . Rousseff 's approval rating down to 23 % from 42 % at the end of 2014 , according to DataFolha . The economy is expected to contract this year and the real has plummeted 23 % against the dollar . Barbara Arvanitidis reported from Sao Paulo . Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Patrick Gillespie and Shasta Darlington also contributed to this report .	Protesters denounce corruption and demand the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff They march in key cities : Sao Paulo , Rio de Janeiro and the capital , Brasilia
Hong Kong  CNN  -- You may think Santa 's grotto is hidden in a snow-covered Arctic cabin , but those in the know say its real location is Hong Kong 's cavernous harbor-front convention center . Each January for the past 40 years , the world 's toy makers have converged on the city for the international toy fair -- the world 's second largest . Eyes peeled for next Christmas 's must-have toy , buyers scour some 2,000 stalls that tout everything from classical wooden blocks to high-tech remote control gadgets . "  It 's like Santa 's paradise , there 's absolutely everything that you can dream of here , " said one Russian buyer who identified himself as Sergey . The fair , which finished on Thursday , featured everything from virtual pet rabbits to an area that showed how toys have therapeutic benefits for both children and the elderly . Hong Kong 's toy industry , which has struggled in recent years , may be slowly returning to its glory days , according to the fair 's organizer . Although the factory floors that were once dotted across the city are now in mainland China , Hong Kong still maintains its status as a hub for the toy industry . "  Hong Kong is the world 's toy town , " said C.K. Yeung , chairman of the Hong Kong Trade Development Council  HKTDC  Toys Advisory Committee . "  The designs , engineering , support services and also sales and marketing platforms , these are all in Hong Kong , so buyers are coming here to shop . " Alex Wong , sales manager of Wange Industrial Co based in China , which sells toy blocks , says the city is the ideal place to showcase his wares to the international market . "  Hong Kong is a financial center , we can introduce our products there , " he said . Safety concerns China 's reputation as a toy manufacturer took a hit in the last decade over safety concerns . In the largest scandal in 2007 , millions of Chinese-made toys were recalled due to lead contamination . But Yeung said that standards were improving and were now equivalent to those found in the United States or Europe . Among the new standards is a ban introduced last year on six kinds of phthalates -- substances that can be absorbed through the skin and are believed to cause hormone malfunctions and deformations . The move was widely praised by numerous activist groups such as Greenpeace . Remi Leclerc , a professor who teaches toy design at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University , says while the city remains an industry hub , Hong Kong has struggled to develop its own toy brands , instead specializing in manufacturing for big , multinational players . "  Hong Kong is trying to move away from that model , the revenue is developing a brand and being able to strategically manage it , " he said . "  Breaking that glass ceiling has been difficult here . " Leclerc also said Hong Kong must think carefully how it can stay ahead of mainland China , which has been making strides in both quality and marketing . "  Hong Kong at this point has no competitors in terms of training and developing that know-how , not only on that production level but also in the future in terms of value creation , " he said .	Hong Kong hosted the second largest toy fair in the world this week Buyer likens it to a "  Santa 's paradise " The city 's toy industry is on an uptick , according to fair 's organizer Safety regulations for toy manufacturing in China have improved
CNN  -- Not even on Valentine 's Day am I much of a romantic . I hardly ever think to buy flowers for my wife or plan fun getaways , and I rarely remember our anniversary . To be fair , neither does she . We 're usually reminded of our anniversary only when her mother 's congratulatory card arrives with a little check tucked inside . Oh yeah , we think . It 's that time of year again . How many years has it been ? Which anniversary is this ? Paper ? Copper ? Sometimes I have to take off my wedding ring and look at the date , which is etched inside . In the card my mother-in-law will have written : "  Spend this on a nice dinner out for the two of you ! " "  How sweet of her , " Cathi will say . "  She 's so nice to do this every year , " I 'll say . And then we 'll deposit the check in our mutual checking account and promise ourselves a nice dinner out , which usually fails to materialize . Maybe a portion of that check will go toward the electric bill , which powers our air conditioner , which keeps us cool and comfortable in the hot summer months . That 's kind of romantic , right ? Not really . What can I say ? Romance just is n't in our DNA . And yet I spend my days reading other people 's love stories . For the past 10 years I 've edited a column in The New York Times called "  Modern Love , " in which strangers write personal essays spilling the details of their love lives for a mass audience . A lot of their stories are n't very romantic , either , but many of them are : tales of swooning singletons traveling great distances for love , or planning elaborate proposals , or pouring their hearts out in ways that expose them to crushing rejection . Stories like that make me think I should be more romantic . But at this point , Cathi and I have been married almost 22 years . Our patterns are kind of established . We love each other and support each other 's work and aspirations . We 're good parents together . We 're really good at making each other laugh . At dinner parties , we 'd still rather sit next to each other than be broken up and forced to talk to other people . Is n't that enough ? I know what you 're thinking . This guy is hopeless ! And not in the sense of being a hopeless romantic ! Some say romance is dying in this age of commercialized and computerized matchmaking . They say romance is being killed by a world of constant communication . How can you miss someone when you can FaceTime with him or her 24/7 ? Where is the mystery when you can follow each other 's Twitter feed and Facebook posts at work during the day or when away on a business trip ? I 've even heard of husbands and wives using "  Find My iPhone " to locate their spouses if they 're not answering calls or texts , as if the thing was invented to serve as a GPS tracking device . And after our laptop locates the signal , we think : Oh , she 's just at CVS . Oh , he 's just walking the dog down by the river . Not a lot of mystery there . Nothing to wonder about . If absence makes the heart grow fonder , what does continual presence do ? Make the heart grow bored ? With Cathi and me , technology has nothing to do with our unromantic affliction . Our love has sidestepped romantic traditions from the beginning . We got engaged on a ferry boat in San Francisco Bay . That 's romantic , right ? Well , not for us . We had departed from Fisherman 's Wharf , bound for Sausalito , when Cathi said , "  So are we getting married , or what ? " "  Yeah , we should , " I said . And that was it . We had become engaged . Even though I had n't proposed . Had n't knelt . Had n't pulled a hidden ring box from my pocket or sock and presented it to her with a big , goofy smile . Had n't memorized or delivered any heartfelt lines . I do n't even think we kissed . By then we had been together for almost two years . We were both 29 , nearing the end of our graduate school days , and obviously had to figure out what was next for us . Our marriage and family clock was ticking , and our parents ' expectations were mounting . I wanted to marry Cathi and assumed we would get married , and yet I had n't taken a single step in that direction . Why had n't I ? I wish I could claim some standard excuse like cold feet or commitment issues or a laundry list of doubts , but it would n't be true . I was n't worried about Cathi specifically or about marriage generally . I expected it would all work out fine . I was n't concerned about joining her family or her joining mine . I was simply procrastinating because I did n't want to face the work and stress that proposing and then planning a wedding would require . As we steamed past Alcatraz Island  no prison symbolism intended  , Cathi asked if I had any thoughts about a ring . "  No , " I said . "  But I 'll ask my mother . " Oof . In the end , though , my mother delivered . She had a family heirloom kind of ring with a little diamond chip that we got sized for Cathi 's finger , and that made it official . Some months later , during our pre-wedding planning , we went to a strip mall in West Orange , New Jersey , and ordered matching gold bands . As we walked out , I felt a little misty eyed , and I do n't think it was just because of the pollution . Some months later we walked down the aisle . We said our vows . We kissed . We danced . We celebrated . And later that night we strode into our fancy hotel room , where I pulled from my pockets the cash and checks people had given us , and I scattered the loot all over the bed . No one had told me that people tend to stuff money into the groom 's pockets at weddings , and I have to say it felt really romantic to lie in all that cash together on a king-size hotel bed . We 'd done it . We had turned our love into marriage . It was the start of everything . It 's a date that will be etched forever in -- my ring . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Jones .	Daniel Jones and his wife , Cathi , are n't romantic ; they do n't ever remember their anniversary Jones edits a "  love " column in which strangers tell tales of swooning love , romantic longing Their marriage has lasted 22 years without the flowers and the chocolates , he says Jones : They support each other , laugh and talk together , and make a good pair of parents
CNN  In November 2002 , the world was captivated by the biggest archaeological discovery ever made relating to Jesus : a 2,000 year-old ossuary -- or bone box -- bearing the tantalizing inscription in Aramaic : "  James , son of Joseph , brother of Jesus . " If it was true , this was the first physical evidence ever found of Jesus ' existence . And yet , if this amazing ossuary was false , then it was one of the greatest forgeries in history . Underlying the question of the authenticity of the ossuary is an even bigger theological problem : whether or not Jesus actually had any brothers . Though the debate 's origins are ancient , the answer still divides Catholics and Protestants . For Catholics , Mary , Joseph and Jesus are a family unit unto themselves . Yet Catholic theology also holds that Jesus was God 's son , born of the virgin -- and that Mary did not give birth to other children , divine or otherwise . ` Finding Jesus ' : John the Baptist Q&A So who are these "  brothers " that the Gospel of Mark mentions ? The Rev. James Martin , author of the book "  Jesus : A Pilgrimage , " calls the relationship between James and Jesus "  very complicated . " "  He 's called clearly the brother of the Lord , and the Greek uses the common word for brother , " Martin says . But Catholics also believe in Mary 's perpetual virginity , so Martin surmises that James and the other brothers were Joseph 's children from a prior marriage . "  It makes sense that Joseph would have been older and Mary was younger , so I see them in a sense as stepbrothers . " Other Catholic scholars see James and Jesus as cousins , an idea that began in the fourth century , when St. Jerome , who translated the Hebrew Bible and the New Testament into Latin , argued the point against the theologian Helvedius , who said Mary and Joseph had other children . ` Finding Jesus ' : Shroud of Turin Q&A Jerome countered that these children were instead born to Mary of Clopas , Jesus ' aunt . Jerome used his linguistic facility to argue that "  adelphios , " the Greek word used for Jesus ' brothers and sisters , could refer to cousins , as well as to siblings . Protestants , however , see Jesus ' family as free of ambiguity , with Mary and Joseph having several children . One of them is Jesus -- but the question then becomes , which one ? Ben Witherington III , professor of New Testament Interpretation at Asbury Theological Seminary , offers the Protestant view that Jesus and James were full brothers , with Jesus being the elder . "  The New Testament says nothing about Mary being a perpetual virgin , it says she virginally conceived Jesus , and it certainly implies that she went on to have more children after that , and his brothers and sisters are in fact his brothers and sisters , " Witherington says . Is Judas in hell ? Jesus is presented as the older brother who leaves the family and walks about in Galilee and Judea , has a ministry and leaves James and the other brothers and sisters in charge of the family , according to the scholar . What 's more contentious for some Protestants , is the fact that Jesus , as the eldest in the family , essentially forsook his obligation as next-in-line to head the family after Joseph died . Instead he followed his divine destiny , as ordained by his father in heaven . 5 things you did n't know about Jesus That left James to fill the void . Whatever he was -- brother , step-brother or cousin -- we know that James became important in the early Christian church because of his relation to Jesus . Paul , the apostle who transformed the new religion from a local phenomenon into a movement throughout the Roman Empire , says as much in his letter to the Galatians : "  Then after three years I did go up to Jerusalem to visit Cephas and stayed with him 15 days ; but I did not see any other apostle except James the Lord 's brother . " James and Peter and Paul were the prime movers of this new faith , with James the leader of the Jesus followers in Jerusalem until he was martyred in 64 CE , forgiving his killers with his last breath , just as his brother Jesus had done . Given his importance to the early Christian Church , why would n't he be connected to his brother , or even stepbrother , on the burial box containing his bones ? Michael McKinley is co-author , with David Gibson , of "  Finding Jesus : Faith . Fact . Forgery. : Six Holy Objects That Tell the Remarkable Story of the Gospels . "	The Rev. James Martin , a Catholic priest , calls the relationship between James and Jesus "  very complicated . " Ben Witherington III offers the Protestant view that Jesus and James were full brothers , with Jesus being the elder .
Islamabad , Paksitan  CNN  -- Life is slowly getting back to normal at the women 's campus of Islamabad 's International Islamic University . The young women who study here chatter on the school 's well-manicured lawns , their brightly-colored scarves and Pakistani dresses blowing in the wind on a sunny autumn day . Barely three weeks ago , this quiet place of learning was the scene of a nightmare . On October 20 , two suicide bombers launched near simultaneous attacks on both the men 's and women 's side of the campus . Afsheen Zafar , 20 , is in mourning . Three of her classmates , girls she describes as "  shining stars , " were killed on that terrible day . Still , she says the carnage could have been much worse if not for the actions of a lowly janitor , who was also killed . "  If he did n't stop the suicide attacker , there could have been great , great destruction , " Zafar says . "  He 's now a legend to us , " says another 20-year-old student named Sumaya Ahsan . "  Because he saved our lives , our friends ' lives . " The janitor 's name was Pervaiz Masih . According to eyewitness accounts , the attacker approached disguised in women 's clothing . He shot the guard on duty , and then approached the cafeteria , which was packed with hundreds of female students . Masih intercepted the bomber in the doorway , however , and the bomber self-detonated right outside the crowded hall , spraying many of his explosive vest 's arsenal of ball bearings out into the parking lot instead of into the cafeteria . "  The sweeper who was cleaning up here saw someone outside and went towards him , " said Nasreen Siddique , a cafeteria worker who was wounded in the head , leg and arm by the blast . " -LSB- Masih -RSB- told him that he could not come inside because there were girls inside . And then they started arguing . And then we heard a loud blast and all the glass broke . " "  Between 300 to 400 girls were sitting in there , " said Professor Fateh Muhammad Malik , the rector of the university . " -LSB- Pervez Masih -RSB- rose above the barriers of caste , creed and sectarian terrorism . Despite being a Christian , he sacrificed his life to save the Muslim girls . " Masih was a member of Pakistan 's Christian minority , traditionally one of the poorest communities in the country . When the attacker struck , Masih had been on the job for less than a week , earning barely $ 60 a month . Masih lived with seven other family members , in a single room in a crowded apartment house in the city of Rawalpindi . Until the attack his mother , 70-year old Kurshaid Siddique , worked as a cleaning lady at a nearby house to help make ends meet . Now , she makes a daily pilgrimage to the cemetery where Masih is buried . Siddique is inconsolable . Asked if she was proud that some people were calling her son a hero , Siddique waved a hand in the air dismissively , answering , "  My hero is dead now . " She pulls out a framed photo of her son , pictured wearing a button down white shirt and a thick mustache . When Masih 's three-year-old daughter Diya sees his photo , she reaches for it , saying , "  Mama , I want that picture . " From time to time , Diya turns to her mother and repeats one word , "  Papa . " The Islamic University offered to give Diya a free education and employ Masih 's widow , Shaheen Pervaiz . Meanwhile , the Pakistani government has promised to award Masih 's family 1 million rupees  about $ 12,000  for his bravery . "  He is a national hero because he saved the life of many girls , " said Shahbaz Bhatti , minister of minorities in the Pakistani government . "  As a Christian , a person of minority , he stood in front of the Taliban to protect the university . " But the grave of this national hero is a sorry sight . It is located in the poorer , garbage-strewn Christian half of a neighborhood cemetery , less then three feet from a muddy road . Masih 's mother and widow visit every day . One of his sisters crosses herself , then stoops down to pick up an empty pack of cigarettes someone threw onto the little mound of earth . The family had to borrow money to pay for Masih 's funeral and they are now behind on paying the rent . If the government money comes through , Masih 's mother would like to decorate her son 's grave . "  I would like him to have his name in cement with a nice poetry verse , " she says . "  And there should be a fence surrounding his grave . "	Janitor Pervaiz Masih lauded as national hero after attack at Muslim university He stopped suicide bomber reaching room full of female Muslim students Bomber exploded vest killing Masih but blast hit into parking lot , not cafeteria Professor : Despite being a Christian , he sacrificed his life to save Muslim girls
CNN  -- A self-professed American dating expert who has said he feels like the most hated man in the world has been banned from entering another country -- Britain . The UK has declined to issue a visa to Julien Blanc , an executive coach at Real Social Dynamics  RSD  , a group that charges clients thousands of dollars to learn what have been described as sexist , misogynistic and violent acts towards women . On its website , RSD describes itself as the world 's largest dating coaching company , and promises to teach clients how to "  attract the women you 've always wanted . " "  All of the material that we teach works amazingly well on women of younger age groups , and works just as well on women that are older and more mature , " the website says . Earlier this month , Blanc was forced to leave Australia after an online campaign pushed venues to cancel his bookings , and authorities to revoke his visa . "  This guy was n't putting forward political ideas . He was putting forward abuse that was derogatory to women and those are values abhorred in this country , " Australia 's Immigration Minister Scott Morrison told Sky News . Petitions also call for him to be barred from South Korea , Brazil , Canada , Germany , the Netherlands , Ireland and Iceland . Hashtag campaign Blanc first attracted attention with a video where he described his exploits in Tokyo , Japan , telling rows of seated men , "  If you 're a white male you can do what you want . " Outraged by what she saw , Washington-based Jennifer Li started a Twitter account and hashtag to #takedownjulienblanc , which has since inspired a Facebook page of the same name . A portion of Blanc 's message to clients about Tokyo was quoted in a Change.Org petition signed by 150,000 people to ban his entry to the UK . "  I 'm just romping through the streets , just grabbing girls ' heads , just like , head , pfft on the dick . Head , on the dick , yelling , ` pikachu , ' with a pikachu shirt , " he said . Writing in Japansubculture , Li said : "  I was outraged , with him especially . How dare he violate these Japanese women 's spaces ! How dare he pass on his disgusting views and methods onto other men ! This guy was in essence , assaulting women and getting away with it . And not just getting away with it -- he was REWARDED for it . I could not believe that he could go about doing this without consequences . " Blanc issues apology In his first interview since the storm of criticism sought to shut down his seminars , Blanc told CNN 's Chris Cuomo said he 'd been "  overwhelmed " by the online campaign against him . "  I feel horrible , " he said . "  I 'm not going to feel happy to feel like the most hated man in the world . " Blanc said he was "  extremely sorry " to anyone he had offended . Asked to explain images showing him clutching women 's throats , posted with the hashtag #ChokingGirlsAroundTheWorld , he said : "  They were a horrible attempt at humor . " But he also added "  they were taken out of context . " "  How could they be taken out of context ? " Cuomo asked . Blanc said : "  You can make anything look bad in a picture . " Blanc said his courses were designed to "  teach guys how to gain confidence . . in order to socialize with women and perhaps get into a relationship with a woman . " On Tuesday , actor Russell Brand distanced himself from the controversy after he was asked to explain a photo that showed him with his arm around Blanc 's shoulders . In a video tweeted to his 8.5 million followers , Brand said , "  I never knew who that was ... people come up to me all the time . " Referring to Blanc 's training , Brand said : "  Any system for chatting up women is in itself questionable , but any that 's based on objectifying or undermining women I 'd never , never , never , never endorse . "	UK denies visa to Julien Blanc , from Real Social Dynamics More than 150,000 people had signed a petition to keep him out Blanc was forced to leave Australia earlier this month after his visa was revoked Teaches clients how to approach women , tactics described as offensive and abusive
The latest "  Worldwide Caution " issued by the U.S. State Department last week made for grim reading , telling of "  an increased likelihood of reprisal attacks against U.S. , Western and coalition partner interests throughout the world , especially in the Middle East , North Africa , Europe , and Asia . " Much of the bulletin dwelled on the threat from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . But among a laundry list of dangerous places was this sentence : "  Terrorist organizations continue to be active in Yemen , including al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  . " It was a brief , generic commentary on the group still regarded by many analysts as al Qaeda 's most effective affiliate , and which is now exploiting a surge in political turmoil in Yemen . As a reminder of how dangerous AQAP is , the State Department on Tuesday published an unusual "  wanted " list "  offering rewards totaling up to $ 45 million for information leading to the locations of eight key leaders " of the group . The U.S. has invested heavily in Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi , who was elected in 2012 and pledged to reverse gains that AQAP had made in the south and east of the country . Hadi reorganized Yemen 's military , and for a while -- with considerable US assistance -- it put AQAP on the defensive . But on September 21 , the country 's always combustible political landscape exploded when Houthi rebels seized government buildings in the capital , Sanaa , and its airport . The Houthi are Shia Muslims who make up an estimated 30 % of the population but have long felt marginalized by the Sunni majority in Yemen . They are now demanding greater political influence . Blast kills 47 at Houthi protest in Yemen Sunni-Shiite divide That is a red rag to radical Sunnis , including supporters or members of AQAP , who regard the Houthi as apostates to be driven from Muslim lands or killed . They claim Iran is bankrolling the Houthi rebellion in an effort to control Yemen 's Red Sea coast , on one of the world 's busiest shipping lanes . Monday 's capture by Houthi militia of much of the coastal city of Hodeida -- Yemen 's second-largest port -- will only heighten that fear . Even Hadi has alleged that the Houthis are being trained and advised by Hezbollah , the Lebanese Shiite militia . Saudi Arabia , which provides energy and financial support to Yemen and shares a long border with it , is looking on with growing apprehension . On Monday , Hadi appointed a new Prime Minister , Khaled Bahah , who is currently Yemen 's envoy at the United Nations . Some Houthi leaders spoke positively of Bahah 's appointment , but unless Houthi militia are reined in , Yemen could quickly become another theater in the Sunni/Shia confrontation gripping much of the Middle East . Exploiting the conflict AQAP is doing as much as it can to stoke a sectarian war . Last week , it launched a devastating suicide bombing against a Houthi rally in Sanaa , which killed nearly 50 people . It also released a video showing its fighters purportedly removing 14 Houthi men from a bus and executing them . At the same time , AQAP has stepped up attacks against the army and police ; a suicide bombing at a military checkpoint in remote Hadramaut province last week killed 20 soldiers . In recent weeks , the group has released a series of appeals to Sunnis in Yemen to support its campaign against the Houthis , casting itself as the only group capable of preventing what it claims is a plot by Iran to take over the country . Its videos and statements refer to the "  Yemeni turned Houthi army . " "  Do not leave a checkpoint for  the Houthis  that you do not strike , nor a headquarters that you do not bomb , nor a troop carrier that you do not explode , " said one of AQAP 's leaders , Nasser bin Ali al-Ansi , in a video released on September 30 , according to a translation by the SITE Intelligence Group . Hardline Sunnis in Yemen have staged anti-Houthi demonstrations in recent weeks . And even some in government may now see AQAP as a useful counterweight to the Houthis . The worst-case scenario : a repeat of 2011 , when roiling protests in the capital and infighting between different army units allowed AQAP to seize control of several towns in southern Yemen -- towns they held for months . Now , there is the additional destabilizing factor of a growing secessionist movement in the south . Once again , Yemen seems close to becoming a failing state ; the sort of place where al Qaeda incubates quickly . AQAP defections The main threat to AQAP may be from within , as some jihadists opt for the even more radical option of ISIS . There is now a group called The Islamic State Supporters in the Arabian Peninsula , which has promised attacks against Houthis . According to Flashpoint Partners Intelligence , which monitors jihadist communications , one former AQAP commander , Ma ` moun Hatem , has already pledged allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . Assuming AQAP can avoid defections , its ability to plan terror attacks beyond the Middle East remains far greater than that of ISIS . U.S. officials say AQAP still poses the most active threat to the homeland and fear it is starting to share its bomb-making know-how with jihadists in Syria , specifically within an al Qaeda affiliate , Jabhat al-Nusra . AQAP chief bomb-maker Ibrahim al-Asiri has three times plotted to bring down U.S.-bound aircraft , coming closest to success on Christmas Day in 2009 when a Nigerian recruit attempted to blow up a bomb in his underwear in the skies above Detroit . Earlier this year , AQAP leader Nasir al Wuhayshi , who is also al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri 's deputy , told a large gathering of fighters that attacking the United States was a central priority , a message repeated by al-Ansi last month . "  Each front must strike America and its interests everywhere . We have recognized the main enemy , America , for decades , " al-Ansi said . While debate rages in Washington and Europe about the intentions of ISIS and al-Nusra in exporting terror to the West , the most lethal of al Qaeda 's affiliates is exploiting and stoking Yemen 's latest crisis .	Many analysts say al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is al Qaeda 's most effective affiliate The group is exploiting political turmoil in Yemen , where Houthi rebels are fighting government Radical Sunnis say Houthis are apostates and should be driven from Muslim lands or killed Yemen could become a theater in the Sunni/Shia confrontation gripping much of the Middle East
This year marks the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Solferino which led to the creation of the International Committee of the Red Cross . The ICRC is using the date to launch an awareness campaign of its work in conflict-affected countries , featuring photos taken by five award-winning photojournalists . This week we 're bringing you stories from some of the world 's most troubled countries , as told by the ICRC . CITÉ SOLEIL , Haiti  ICRC  -- Roudeline Lamy was 23 when she was shot in the stomach . The impact of the bullet sent the small baby she was holding tumbling to the ground . Roudeline Lamy shows the scar from her bullet wound . At 26 , she 's a widow after losing her husband to gangland violence . Roudeline still suffers from stomach pains and her daughter , now three years old , is paralyzed from the waist down . The mother and child sleep on the concrete floor of a shack that floods every time it rains . Since Roudeline 's husband was killed by the gangs , she has had to rely on the charity of friends and her faith that God will not abandon her . With very few State services , God is all the poor in Haiti 's sprawling seaside slum of Cité Soleil can believe in . Two schools and one state hospital serve the ever-expanding population , with aid agencies and religious groups trying to plug the gap . The International Committee of the Red Cross  ICRC  has been in Haiti since 1994 and in Cité Soleil since 2003 . Rob Drouen , head of the ICRC delegation , explains , "  Haiti is a fragile state where armed gangs can be used to stir up trouble for political reasons and abject poverty fuels discontent . " See photos taken by award-winning photojournalist Ron Haviv " Even among the children . In Cité Soleil , a dozen street children start pummeling a young girl . It 's not known why . But within seconds word has spread that a fight is on . Hordes of children with matted hair and ragged clothes race to the scene , glad of anything to relieve the monotony of yet another day with nothing to do . Weary parents pull their children away , leaving the shaken girl to escape . This is a far cry from the days when families ran for cover from daily gun battles . A few years ago , Cité Soleil was one of the most dangerous and destitute places on earth -- a shanty town torn apart by a vicious gang war for control of the area . United Nations troops have stabilized the security situation in Haiti , the western world 's poorest country , and many gang members are either dead or behind bars . Nevertheless , violence still surrounds the 300,000 residents of Cité Soleil , fueled by hunger and the frustration of trying to survive on less than a dollar a day . I sidestep the brawling children and enter the home of a woman who has suffered more than most . A long-standing resident of Cité Soleil , 83 year old Elevanise Tidor was first caught in gangland crossfire in 1993 . In 2004 she stepped into harm 's away again when she was shot in the breast and stomach . As she undoes her faded dress to show the scars from her mastectomy , she tells me she was later hit by a car and now can hardly walk . Watch Elevanise Tidor tell her story " Confined to a sparsely furnished corrugated iron shack , she worries about how her children and grandchildren are going to make ends meet . "  My body took the bullets , but my family has been hit the hardest , " she says . "  I ca n't work or do anything for them . My grandchildren often go to bed crying with hunger . " That the victims of violence can suffer for years after the event is well-known , but in Cité Soleil the suffering can last a lifetime . With the help of the ICRC , a group of victims of the violence is aiding fellow sufferers . In 2007 , Pierre Wilber founded REVICIS  Regroupement des victimes de Cité Soleil  after gang members beat him up for political reasons . REVICIS has already identified 300 victims and is now trying to get funds for social , psychological and legal help . "  There are so many social problems in Cité Soleil that everyone here is a victim , " he says . "  But we give priority to people visibly scarred by violence , because they have suffered a double blow . " Brice Osmer is one of the rare victims who can still work . In April 2005 , he was caught in a shoot-out between UN troops and gang members . He was hit three times and lost an arm . Since then he walks the streets selling mobile phone time cards and bags of water . "  On a good day I earn a dollar , but it 's thanks to my wife who sells food from dawn to dusk that my children do n't starve . " In 2004 , at the height of the gang warfare , the Red Cross ensured that people had safe access to water . Previously , they had been risking their lives crossing frontlines to fill up their buckets . Today , the ICRC works with the water board , maintaining and running 53 communal water points across Cité Soleil , turning them on for a couple of hours 20 days a month . Prospere Borgelin works with the ICRC on its water project . He also works with other international organizations to improve living conditions in Ti-Haiti where he lives  Ti-Haiti is Creole for Petit Haiti , or Little Haiti . Like other community leaders , he has seen the benefits of working closely with the humanitarian agencies and with the Brazilian troops from the U.N. stabilization mission responsible for security in Cité Soleil . "  The troops have brought security . Communities are beginning to organize themselves . We see the results in that roads are being built , rubbish collected and sewage removed , " he says . At considerable personal risk , Borgelin has helped the U.N. and the Haitian police arrest gang members in his neighborhood and continues to be vigilant . Like many in Cité Soleil , he fears that the U.N. will pull out before the Haitian police are ready to take over and that the streets will again echo to the sound of gunfire . "  Misery , " he says , "  breeds violence . And there 's still plenty of misery in Cité Soleil . " For more about this topic go to the ICRC Website . Have you been affected by conflict ? Send your photos and stories to iReport .	Worst of the violence is over in Haiti , but life remains intolerably hard in slums Many residents of Cité Soleil bear the scars of gang-related warfare United Nations troops have stabilized the situation but poverty fuels unrest
CNN  -- By night the skyline of Batumi shines with illuminated buildings , showing a side of the Georgian city it wishes the whole world to see . But the bright lights it hopes will attract international tourists are quite different from what the town was not long ago . After the collapse of the Soviet Union the city was "  one of the darkest places in the world " , according to Georgia 's president Mikhail Saakashvili . "  It was  one of the worst run , run by a local warlord ... with all these SUVs and people running around with Kalashnikovs and dark glasses , " he said . Now , rather than gunshots , a frenzy of construction echoes through the city with new hotels and apartment blocks rising up among the low-rise , old buildings . Donald Trump is one of the latest high-profile investors to back the rejuvenation of the city with plans for a new Trump residential tower . Batumi is the focus of Georgia 's effort to attract 4 million visitors to the country this year , almost as many as the country 's entire population . Send in your pictures from Georgia For now it is mostly visitors from the Caucasus region and Turkey , though Russian tourists are returning since Georgia scrapped their visa requirement last year . Gambling is legal , which provides another lure to potential tourists . "  They come here to combine leisure and their holiday with gambling . So lots of Turkish , lots of Chinese come here not only during the summer but also the winter to just have fun , " said Maia Sidamonidze , chairwoman of Georgia 's Department of Tourism , who added she would like the city to aim high and become a Las Vegas of the Caucasus . Many residents in Batumi are thrilled at the new lease of life their city is getting and the new jobs the investment is bringing . But some of the city 's older generation worry that the changes taking place in the city are not going to be for their benefit . "  The future and present of this country is for young people who studied , who know English ; everything is for them " said Nodar Khinigadze , who has been unable to find employment since losing his job in shipping years ago . "  It is good that they have jobs but for people like me who trained during Soviet times , it is hard to find our place . " CNN 's Eye On series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports .	Batumi is Georgian city on coast of the Black Sea Investment in tourism and real estate is transforming the city Casinos add an extra lure for potential tourists Georgia 's president called it "  one of the darkest places in the world " after end of USSR
CNN  -- A Mississippi judge Wednesday evening issued a temporary injunction forbidding the release of any more prisoners pardoned or given clemency by outgoing Gov. Haley Barbour , whose actions created an uproar . The pardons include four convicted murderers and a convicted armed robber who were released Sunday . The five now must contact prison officials on a daily basis as their fate is adjudicated . The pardons are "  a slap in the face to everyone in law enforcement and Gov. Barbour should be ashamed , " said state Attorney General Jim Hood . The process of releasing 21 other inmates has been halted , said Hood , who sought the court order . A court hearing on the matter will be held January 23 . Hood said Barbour violated Mississippi 's Constitution because the pardon requests for many inmates were not published 30 days before they were granted , as required . "  He 's tried to rule the state like Boss Hogg and he did n't think the law applied to him , " Hood told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday night , referring to a character in the 1980s TV series "  The Dukes of Hazzard . " "  These families are afraid out here , " Hood said of relatives of crime victims . Hinds County Circuit Court Judge Tomie Green issued the injunction , saying it appeared some pardons , including those for the four murderers , did not meet the 30-day requirement . Any inmates released in the future must meet the standard , Green ruled . On his way out the door , the Republican governor approved full pardons for nearly 200 people , including 14 convicted murderers , according to documents the Mississippi secretary of state 's office released Tuesday . The four murderers who received full pardons last week -- David Gatlin , Joseph Ozment , Charles Hooker and Anthony McCray -- were cited in Green 's order . They were all serving life sentences and worked as inmate trusties at the governor 's mansion , said Suzanne Singletary , spokeswoman for the Mississippi Department of Corrections . Trusties are inmates who can receive additional rights through good behavior . Hood told "  AC360 " it 's possible that those who did n't meet the 30-days requirement may have to return to prison and complete their sentences . Barbour said Wednesday that some people misunderstand the clemency process and believe that most of the individuals were still jailed . "  Approximately 90 percent of these individuals were no longer in custody , and a majority of them had been out for years , " he said in a statement . "  The pardons were intended to allow them to find gainful employment or acquire professional licenses as well as hunt and vote . My decision about clemency was based upon the recommendation of the Parole Board in more than 90 percent of the cases , " Barbour wrote . "  The 26 people released from custody due to clemency is just slightly more than one-tenth of 1 percent of those incarcerated . " Half of the people who were released were placed on indefinite suspension "  due to  chronic  medical reasons because their health care expenses were costing the state so much money , " Barbour said . Hood said he is questioning the release of many of the 175 individuals who received full pardons . Barbour 's full pardon of Gatlin has intensified fears that the man will try "  to finish what he started , " one of his surviving victims said . "  I feel like my safety is in jeopardy , " Randy Walker , who was shot and wounded by Gatlin , said Wednesday . "  I wonder if he 's going to finish what he 's started . " Gatlin walked into a trailer in 1993 where his estranged wife , Tammy Ellis , lived and shot her in the head as she held her 6-week-old baby in her arms . Walker , the woman 's friend , survived a gunshot wound to the head . Gatlin was convicted of murder , aggravated assault and burglary of a residence . Speaking in an interview with CNN 's Soledad O'Brien , Walker and Tiffany Ellis Brewer , Tammy 's sister , expressed concerns about the release and fears that Gatlin may intend to target them . "  I 'm married and have a family again , " Walker said . "  I feel the safety for them is an issue . Anybody that might be with me at the time that he decides to do something would be in jeopardy . " Gatlin 's pardon also raised concerns from John Kitchens , the prosecutor who saw him sent to prison . "  Haley Barbour is insane for granting a pardon to this criminal , " said Kitchens , who is now in private practice . Brewer said Barbour -- who left office this week -- has n't responded to questions about the pardon . "  He will not comment on anything . We have no answers as to why he has done this . I would like to think he did not have all of the facts of the case , if he did have all the facts , " she said . "  Apparently , we have n't had a really good man for our governor . " Barbour 's successor , Phil Bryant , was inaugurated Tuesday . Brewer shared the fears of those families watching convicted killers of their loved ones get blanket pardons and go free . "  I 'm sure that they feel basically the same way as Randy and I do . We 're both fearful for our lives , our families ' lives , and we will live with this for the rest of our lives , " she said . Gatlin 's whereabouts were unknown late Wednesday . Barbour , who served eight years in office , had previously granted full pardons to three other convicted killers in 2008 . Another three were awarded conditional or indefinite releases during his time in office -- meaning the governor , in total , granted reprieves to 20 convicted murderers , the documents showed . Since the conservative governor took office in 2004 , 222 people were granted clemency for a wide variety of crimes . Those who have been granted full pardons include shoplifters , rapists , burglars and embezzlers . There were also a number who were found guilty of either manslaughter or homicide , who were given unconditional pardons . CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Rich Phillips , Vivian Kuo and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Attorney general likens Barbour to "  Boss Hogg " State Attorney General Jim Hood wins temporary injunction Some misunderstand clemency process , Haley Barbour says Attorney general calls pardons "  a slap in the face ... to law enforcement "
CNN  -- It seems that in recent years , Hollywood has been "  baby crazy , " and celebrity followers have flocked to entertainment shows , websites and magazines with a voracious hunger to get the latest news on which stars are expecting a visit from the stork . Gossip columns relish in playing the "  Is she or is n't she ? " game . Magazines engage in fierce bidding wars to run the first photos of a new celebrity baby . Celeb kids such as Violet Affleck , Suri Cruise and Kingston Rossdale often get as much , if not more , press as their famous parents . Baby bumps and due dates are increasingly popular topics of conversation on the red carpet . You 've seen the names in recent headlines -- Benicio Del Toro , Mariska Hargitay and , most recently , Bruce Willis -- but one celebrity has been slightly ignored in the realm of celebrity baby watchers : Jessica Simpson . Rumor has it that the singer/actress/reality show star/fashion designer is pregnant with her first child with her fiancÃ © , former NFL player Eric Johnson . But , besides from some idle speculation , not much has been made of the blessed event -- well , except for some jokes at Jess ' expense . She has been seen strolling around with a rotund tummy , most recently holding hands with Johnson while rubbing said belly . On Monday tweeted confirmation that she is pregnant by posing in a mummy costume and cradling her belly with the words "  It 's true -- I "  m going to be a mummy ! " Despite the added tidbit that Simpson 's ex Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo recently announced at a local event that "  I actually have one on the way " with his wife , the interest in a Simpson 's pregnancy seems decidedly muted . According to outlets like the New York Post , Simpson 's father/manager , Joe , has n't even been successful in getting the media to bite . Stories are circulating that he has been trying to sell the story of the alleged pregnancy  and , of course the first mama/baby photos  to the tabloids , possibly because his daughter has been seen about town sporting what appears to be a rather obvious baby bump . So why are n't the celebrity-driven media going ga-ga about this star mama ? You could try to attribute the lack of interest about the future baby boy or baby girl Simpson to some sort of collective "  baby fatigue , " but that theory does n't stand up to the hoopla that surrounded the first public appearance of Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon 's twin babies , Moroccan and Monroe  accompanied by not only a "  20/20 " interview with Barbara Walters but a week 's worth of teasers showing just the backs of their heads  . We 'd like to offer a couple of theories as to why the entertainment industry and fans are generally apathetic to the Simpson pregnancy : The Maury defense : We know who the father is When actresses fail to disclose the name of the child 's father , we become all the more curious about the offspring . Take the recent case of "  Mad Men " star January Jones . A number of actors have been fingered as potential fathers of Jones ' son , Xander . The mystery daddy is n't a new phenomenon . Remember when Melissa Etheridge and her then-girlfriend enlisted the services of an undisclosed sperm donor to father their children , only to get even more attention when it was revealed that the donor in question was legendary rocker David Crosby ? Johnson has been the only man in Jessica 's life for quite a while , and there 's no doubt as to paternity . If Simpson had been seen around town with maybe a former flame like John Mayer or even the aforementioned Romo , she could have gotten some tongues wagging . Scandal ? What scandal ? Exactly . It may boil down to a lack of interest in Simpson as a headline-grabbing celebrity . Many women , myself included , would say she 's got an impressive line of shoes , but as of late , she has n't done much of note -- either famously or infamously . She has n't had a hit single in quite a while . Her films have been largely straight-to-video flops  "  Major Movie Star " or "  Blonde Ambition , " anyone ?  and she 's not been able to replicate her success in the reality TV genre after the demise of "  Newlyweds : Nick and Jessica "  "  The Price of Beauty " on VH1 just did n't cut it  . Poor Jess ca n't even register much of a blip in the scandal sheets . Her biggest scandal in the past few years revolves around her questionable taste in pants  the infamous "  Mom Jeans " incident of 2009  . Her upcoming reality project , "  Fashion Star , " could get her back in the headlines , but we suggest a Demi Moore-esque nude pregnancy photo shoot to get a little tabloid love . The name game Maybe we just have to wait until Simpson gives birth to draw some attention to her imminent motherhood . The announcement of celebrity baby names is quite a big deal in the entertainment press , especially when the chosen name is n't one you 're likely to hear on the playground any time soon , like Jason Lee 's son Pilot Inspektor or Nicolas Cage 's son Kal-El . If Simpson wants some guaranteed media attention , she could name her kid Chicken C. Simpson . It 's no secret ; millions of people have babies every day . But , it 's slightly ironic that a woman whose first marriage and divorce we watched faithfully on the boob tube has lost the audience for the possible birth of her first child . Regardless if anyone outside her immediate family cares , since she 's due for a blessed event , that should be her top priority -- headline or no headline .	NEW : Jessica Simpson confirms her pregnancy There is speculation that Jessica Simpson may be pregnant , but not much buzz Simpson has been spotted around town rubbing a protruding belly
Washington  CNN  They 're railing against President Barack Obama for going too far on Obamacare and immigration but Republicans are prepared to cede broad authority to the White House to fight ISIS . It 's an interesting theme that 's developing as the administration prepares to send Congress a request as soon as Wednesday that would authorize Obama to use military force against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . Democrats , wary of another long war , are seeking strict limits on the use of U.S. ground forces . Republicans , meanwhile , are the ones arguing that the commander-in-chief needs room to move as he sees fit . Arizona GOP Sen. John McCain , the chairman of the Armed Services Committee , does n't want to see any restrictions in the authorization -- meaning no limit on the use of ground troops , the length of time the authorization can remain in force and no restrictions on the geographic area to which the new law would apply . "  If we want to constrain the president 's actions , we have the power of the purse , " McCain said Tuesday . "  The Constitution says the president of the United States is the commander in chief . " Several other Republican senators speaking in the days before language for the so-called Authorization for the Use of Military Force , or AUMF , was expected to be released by the White House declined to weigh in on what they could support , but emphasized the need to give the White House as much flexibility as needed to wage this fight . "  I 'm sort of a traditionalist on this maybe . I think the executive branch ought to be telling us they want flexibility , " said Sen. Rob Portman , stressing his concern the White House would take certain options off the table . "  I think it 's wrong for the commander in chief to tie his own hands . " While details are still being finalized , the White House is expected to request a three-year AUMF that places some limits on the use of U.S. ground forces , according to members of Congress briefed on the proposal . The GOP is hardly monolithic on this issue -- or any other -- but many in the party do not want to see the president limited on matters of war . And the battle against ISIS is just one example of Republicans ' willingness to grant the president wide authority on specific issues , even as they question his use of power in other instances . Many top GOP members are also pushing fast-track , or Trade Promotion Authority , known in Washington as TPA , which would allow the President to get an up or down vote in Congress -- without amendments -- on often complicated trade deals negotiated largely in secret by the executive branch , as long as they meet certain parameters . So is there a disconnect here ? Republicans have been furious over Obama 's use of executive power in other areas , from adjustments he made to Affordable Care Act requirements to his moves on immigration in November . The party has filed lawsuits against the president claiming executive overreach on the health care law and plan to do something similar on immigration . Georgia GOP Sen. Johnny Isakson said the battle against extremists and the one against the healthcare bill should not be compared . "  Disliking a single-payer government health care system like the Affordable Care Act and fighting an enemy like ISIL are two entirely different things , " he said . "  You 're talking about policy and direction in terms of the health care law and you 're talking about the survival of our democracy , you 're talking about terrorism . " Distrust of the president is a common theme on Capitol Hill . Many members have long argued that the White House can not be relied on to enforce immigration law or secure the border , so there is little point , they argue , in pushing through a comprehensive immigration overhaul . "  There 's widespread doubt about whether this administration can be trusted to enforce our laws , " House Speaker John Boehner said last February . "  And it 's going to be difficult to move any immigration legislation until that changes . " In response to those claims , Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer proposed in February 2014 to pass the immigration bill , but not have it go into effect until 2017 , when a new president would be in office , said a spokesman . The GOP did n't bite . The dynamic opens Republicans up to questions about whether they can have it both ways , expressing alarm and distrust about how Obama uses his powers on health care and immigration while backing him on trade and -- perhaps his biggest responsibility -- waging war . "  It is kind of inconsistent on their part . On the other hand , presidents have always been given much , much greater leeway to use their power in international economics and in defense and security issues , " said Elaine Kamarck , a senior fellow in the Governance Studies program at the Brookings Institution . "  It 's not surprising that the issues break like this . " While the public often has strong opinions on domestic matters like immigration or health care , the same is not true for issues like TPA . That means the opposing party can claim immense distrust of the president on one issue while giving him free rein on another . "  Nobody knows what TPA is and nobody cares and therefore the fact that there 's a muddled message around it does n't become evident , " Kamarck said . "  These lucky politicians can have it both ways , as they do with many things . " For their part , Republicans questioned by CNN said their support for the president 's use of power on some matters was part of the job , otherwise nothing would ever get done in Washington . "  My job as a senator is to do the best that I can to pass legislation that I believe is important and is in our national interest , " said Tennessee GOP Sen. Bob Corker , a strong supporter of Trade Promotion Authority . "  Even though I may have concerns about the executive branch and the way that they would carry things out from time to time , that still does n't mitigate my job or alleviate the job that I have which is to try to pass legislation that is meaningful and good for our country . "	Republicans often criticize Obama for overstepping his power But the GOP says military power is different John McCain : "  The president of the United States is the commander in chief "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Packing on the pounds over the holidays ? Adam Sandler can sympathize . He recently put on some weight himself . Adam Sandler had to cope with more than just falling gumballs in his latest comedy , "  Bedtime Stories . " The comedian got buff for the movie "  You Do n't Mess With the Zohan "  in which he showed a lot of skin  , but then he said he let himself go just a bit . " -LSB- For ` Zohan ' -RSB- I worked out like a madman , " he told CNN . "  And then I started getting fat again . " Concern over his physical conditioning led to an unintended consequence -- a broken bone . " -LSB- One Saturday -RSB- I ate so much food , that I was laying in bed . I was fat as heck and I said , ' I better play some ball . ' I went out and played basketball , broke my ankle . I said , ` Maybe I should have stayed fat . ' " The mishap occurred as he was filming his latest comedy , "  Bedtime Stories . " In scenes that involved walking around , Sandler needed a body double . "  I 'm shooting the movie with the cast on , " he said . "  We did about six , seven weeks of shooting . If I was standing here and I had to walk to the door , I would stand up -LSB- then the camera would cut to -RSB- a guy with my outfit on that took the walk . " Sandler is on the mend , but he said his ankle is still a little swollen . "  Bedtime Stories " opens Christmas Day .	Adam Sandler wore cast for part of "  Bedtime Stories " filming Some scenes required a body double after star broke ankle Sandler says he let himself go after "  You Do n't Mess With the Zohan "
Fear is something that consumes all of us at one time or another . What matters is whether you let your fear control you or parts of your decision-making ? And if so , is fear something we can improve upon ? Before I was selected to be a part of Fit Nation , I was afraid of flying . Let me rephrase that -- I was scared to death of flying . What could possibly go wrong ? Many things ran through my head . A plane crash . Oxygen deprivation . A panic attack . Another fear I had was swimming in large bodies of water . I knew how to swim ; I grew up with a pool at my house . I was very comfortable swimming in a pool because I could see the bottom . You ca n't see the bottom of the ocean when you swim in it . What could possibly go wrong ? A shark attack . Oxygen deprivation . A panic attack . I came to realize that I was missing out on things because of my fears . I would only vacation in places I could drive to . In fact , last October , my partner Joy and I drove 14 hours to Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , for a long weekend . We could have gotten a sweet rate on round-trip airfare and had more time at the beach , but I elected to drive instead . I was beyond excited when I was selected for Fit Nation in December . But fear quickly took over when I realized that not only did Fit Nation involve swimming in the ocean but also two trips to California  somewhere beyond even my driving desire  . I was scared . Yet I wanted to be part of Fit Nation so badly that I knew I would have to meet both of these fears head on . In January , I was scheduled to fly to Atlanta for kick-off weekend . As the days got closer , I grew more anxious . People began to tell me stories about their first flying experience ; some had flown as children , unaccompanied , to visit family . Another friend told me she traveled often for her job ; she flew more than 140 times last year . I began to wonder what could possibly go wrong . Seeing another part of the country ? Visiting people I had n't seen in years ? Finishing a triathlon ? I came to realize that I was looking at the worst possible scenario instead of the best-case scenario . I decided that I had to take a chance . Fortunately for me , my first flight was a short one . I kept telling myself that millions of people fly every day and nothing happens -- except that they get to their desired destinations and go about their business . I have now flown four different times , including cross-country twice . And I have found that I actually enjoy flying . During our midway training trip in California , we started our swim training in a lap pool . I could see the bottom ; I was in control ; no problem . Then came our first training session in the ocean . I was nervous -- sweaty palms and all , as I listened to our instructions . But as my coach explained dolphin diving  a technique used by swimmers to get under a wave  I began to feel a sense of confidence . It was almost as if I knew what I had to do , and there was n't anything that was going to stop me . Was my fear of the ocean , or of the unknown ? People who have swum less than me had completed this challenge ; what was holding me back ? One of the lifeguards set a buoy at 150 yards . My teammate and I swam out to it without any problems . I remember treading water , talking to him , thinking : "  I just swam 150 yards out into the ocean . This is n't bad . " Over the next few days , I completed four different swims in the Pacific Ocean , including a mock triathlon distance of 400 yards . Can your fears go away ? I feel completely different about flying and swimming in the ocean than I did a year ago . I actually enjoy flying now and look forward to heading back to sunny California in September . Although something can be said for long car trips with your family , I think back to the hours that could have been spent relaxing and enjoying vacation instead of being behind the wheel . I also look forward to swimming once again in the Pacific Ocean . I would n't say I 'm a risk-taker , but I think I am more willing to take a chance on things now . One of my favorite quotes I say to my athletes is , "  If you do what you always do , you get what you always get . " Do n't let your fears stand in your way of "  getting " something more ! You have more to lose than pounds Why I gave up soda	Mike Wilber was afraid of flying and of swimming in the ocean With the Fit Nation team , he learned to face his fears and fight back Follow Mike 's journey training for a triathlon on Twitter @TriHardMike
CNN  -- It feels like a rerun of the Orange Revolution . Similar to late 2004 when hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians took to the streets to protest what they saw as a fraudulent presidential election , mass demonstrations have been taking place ever since the government in Kiev suspended an association and trade agreement with the European Union some days ago . No less than back then , observers inside and outside the country are stunned by the civic force unleashed . Across the country , Ukrainians have been gathering for Euro Maydans , coined after the Kiev square that is the epicenter of protests now as it was then . Social networks , independent media and street talk are again abuzz with minute-by-minute news , appeals for nonviolence , help offered to protesters and humor ridiculing the powers that be . Ukraine protests grow as president responds Ukrainians also pin their anger -- and their hopes -- on largely the same protagonists as nearly a decade ago . There is the government of President Victor Yanukovich , whose rigged election in 2004 and rejection of the EU accord now , both times with backing from Russia , blatantly ignored the will of many Ukrainians . These , in turn , rally behind an opposition led by a motley crew composed of boxing champion Vitali Klitschko , nationalists and , from her prison cell , the erstwhile Orange icon Yulia Tymoshenko . And as back then , the government has started to peddle back , and indications now are that the protesters may succeed with their demands . Yet not all is dÃ © jÃ vu , and the stakes now seem even higher than during the Orange Revolution . Many in Ukraine feel today that they have reached a final junction . They do not want to miss what may be the last opportunity in many years to come for a principal , some even say civilizational , choice between Europe and Russia , democracy and dictatorship , sovereignty and subordination , prosperity and poverty , modernity and mayhem . Indeed , the contrast between what Ukraine can expect from her Western and Eastern neighbors could not be starker . Opinion : Beware Russia 's power play The EU has , over several years , negotiated the most comprehensive association and deep free trade agreements ever , and it is ready to sign these with Ukraine . They require the country to adopt hundreds of EU laws , regulations and standards , and necessitate much-needed reforms of Ukraine 's often dysfunctional political , legal and state institutions . In return , the EU would abolish visas for Ukrainian citizens and open its common market of 500 million consumers to Ukrainian companies , resulting in a considerable boost to the country 's GDP and prosperity . While promising to affiliate Ukraine closely with the EU , to reinforce its independence and to benefit its democracy , rule of law and market economy in the long-run , the agreements fall short of a full membership perspective for the country , and they contain very limited assistance to accomplish the painful process of reforms required . Most importantly , however , the EU has been reluctant to include with its offer short-term support to Ukraine 's battered economy and finances . Russia , on the other hand , has used the dire need of Ukraine for immediate cash injections to promote its own integrationist project , the Eurasian Union . This is Vladimir Putin 's attempt to bring back former Soviet republics under the Kremlin 's hegemony and to restore its erstwhile status as a world power , and it is to be fully functional by 2015 . This anti-EU , which currently comprises only Belarus , Kazakhstan and Russia , does not demand political , economic and social modernization but is content with the same autocratic and oligarchic status quo that Russia herself preserves . In return , current and would-be members are lured with Russian political backing , financial subsidies and security guarantees , while countries opting against are threatened with debilitating sanctions . In either case , Russia effectively undermines the independence and statehood of its smaller neighbors . Ukraine , the largest , most strategic and highly symbolic among Russia 's neighbors , has experienced this arsenal of Russian sticks and carrots for years -- and the more massively , the closer it moved to signing its EU association and trade agreements . Faced with this choice , the Ukrainian government and society have clearly grown apart . The former gave in to Russian pressures , mainly drawn by the short-term prospect of financial aid offered by Moscow and only concerned with preserving its political power . The latter has increasingly understood that a free , democratic and prosperous Ukraine is possible only in ever closer , and one day full , integration with the EU . It is this understanding that manifests itself in the demonstrations across the country . It is now on the EU to seize the moment . It must be no less proactive than it was during the Orange Revolution and engage the Ukrainian government and the protesters in a national dialogue for a way out of the current impasse . It must clearly state that Ukraine has a perspective of EU membership as per its own founding documents , and it must ready the same support -- political , financial and institutional -- that it has provided to other new democracies on their way to the EU . It must mobilize , directly and through the IMF , the resources for Ukraine to weather its imminent financial collapse , and it must shield the country from likely Russian retaliation , whether economic sanctions , political meddling or worse . Hundreds of thousands of courageous Ukrainians have handed their country , and Europe , a second chance . It may be the last , and it must not be wasted . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joerg Forbrig .	On November 21 , Ukraine 's government decided to suspend talks with the European Union The decision has sparked the biggest protests since the 2004 Orange Revolution Joerg Forbrig says President Victor Yanukovich has ignored the will of the majority It is now up to the EU to engage Kiev and protesters in a national dialogue , he says
CNN  -- The father of an American student who disappeared in Syria said Saturday his son "  is safe and well , " but remains in the hands of Syrian authorities . Tik Root , 21 , of Ripton , Vermont , disappeared March 18 in Damascus , his father , Tom , told CNN 's "  In the Arena " Friday night . The young man attends Middlebury College , also in Vermont , which published a statement from Tom Root . "  We received some great news this morning from the Syrian Embassy and officials from Damascus , conveyed to me by Senator -LSB- Patrick -RSB- Leahy and others , " Root wrote . "  Tik has been located , and we understand that he is safe and well . He remains in the hands of the Syrian authorities , who are currently responsible for him . We very much appreciate the efforts of Ambassador Imad Moustapha and Senator Leahy in continuing to work to bring this complex situation to a resolution . ... Please know how much we value everyone 's good wishes and hopes . " Moustapha is Syria 's envoy to the United States . Tom Root told CNN Friday that his son , who is studying this spring in an Arabic program through Damascus University , likely watched a protest , but would not have participated . "  We suspect he was picked up on the periphery , " the elder Root told CNN 's Eliot Spitzer .	Tik Root , 21 , remains in the hands of Syrian authorities , his father says The student from Ripton , Vermont , was last seen on March 18 His parents believe he was watching a demonstration in Damascus Sen. Patrick Leahy is assisting in student 's return
New York  CNN  -- As a reproductive rights advocate and a proud mother of two , my blood ran cold as I read about Oklahoma 's new abortion legislation  HB 2656  . The state of Oklahoma just decided , and by an appallingly high margin I might add , that a doctor is protected from being sued if he or she chooses not to tell a woman that the baby she is carrying has a birth defect . State legislators made this decision Tuesday , voting 36-12 in the Senate and 84-12 in the House to override Gov. Brad Henry 's veto of this law .  The Legislature also overrode the governor 's veto of a second egregious law , HB 2780 , which forces women to view an ultrasound before having an abortion . Oklahoma , what have you done ? Under this new law , a doctor may withhold information , mislead or even blatantly lie to a pregnant woman and her partner about the health of their baby if the doctor so much as thinks that fetal test results would cause a woman to consider abortion . As expected , the anti-abortion movement is claiming victory . But this bill is n't "  anti-abortion . " It is devastating because it is anti-motherhood and anti-medicine . When I found out I was pregnant with each of my children , like every woman who has ever undergone fetal testing , I held my breath at each doctor 's appointment . I did n't let it go until the doctor or the tech said , "  Everything looks great . " I seized up when they took out the blood work results and I did n't relax until I heard , "  It all came back negative . " But a woman in Oklahoma no longer gets to exhale . Because now , when a doctor says , "  Everything looks fine , " she has to wonder ; does it really ? Oklahoma politicians have now said that she can no longer count on the sacred trust that always existed between her and her doctor . A doctor may now lie to her face and , in doing so , deny a woman what is quite possibly the most important piece of information she will ever receive in her life . The very thought makes my breath catch even now . The information you get on those visits matters to every woman getting prenatal care , regardless of what she decides to do based upon the results . The legislators have decided that a woman , when she becomes pregnant , loses the right to full , honest information from her doctor . It is her right to know this information . It is how she and her family determine what to do next , not only to decide if they want to continue a pregnancy , but also to consider how they will prepare to care for a special needs child . What specialist will they turn to ? What support will they require ? Who will hold their hand in the delivery room if a child is born who will only live an hour , or a day ? Does she want to call her own mom in from across the country or does she want to grieve silently with her partner ? What will they tell the children they already have ? Does n't every family have the right to the information that may help them decide the course of their future or the future of their child ? According to the Oklahoma State Legislature , they no longer do . These politicians have decided they know best what women need . They are wrong . I ask each politician in Oklahoma who voted yes on this bill : How dare you ? How dare you deny a woman the peace of mind that her baby is healthy ? How dare you not give her and her family time to prepare if , God forbid , her baby is not ? How is this bill "  pro-life " ? How is this mockery of medical care and paternalistic devaluing of women , "  pro-life " ? This bill is anti-mom , it 's anti-doctor and it is anti-family . And all women , regardless of how they feel about abortion , should be appalled . I hope the courts stand up for the women and families whom politicians have turned their backs on and find this law unconstitutional and flat-out wrong . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Alice Carr .	Mary Alice Carr says new Oklahoma abortion law protects doctors who lie from lawsuits Doctor may withhold information that he or she believes would prompt an abortion , she says The law is paternalistic incursion that violates doctor-patient relationship , she says Carr : Oklahoma politicians mock medicine ; law should be found unconstitutional
Camden , Maine  CNN  -- Follow Daniel Kish out onto a dock and ask him about the view . "  There 's this pylon here and there 's an object about 20 feet away -- here -- and another one , about 50 feet away , " says Kish , overlooking a bay in coastal Maine during the recent PopTech conference , where he was a featured speaker . "  I guess those are boats . I ca n't tell from this distance , really , but they 're solid and we 're on the water -- so it stands to reason . " Kish is completely blind -- he lost sight in both eyes by age 13 months . Yet he uses his ears to see . When he walks around unfamiliar places -- he loves hiking -- he clicks his tongue and then listens as that sound bounces off nearby objects . He says he 's trained his brain to turn these sounds into an image of sorts -- an auditory map he follows with the help of a cane . "  When you send out a sonar call ... you 're interrogating the environment , " he said . "  You 're asking , ` Where are you ? ' and ` What are you ? ' And the environment answers back . " Kish is the founder of a nonprofit called World Access for the Blind . His goal is to teach this technique of "  human echolocation " -- or seeing the world through sound -- to blind people all over the world . So far , the group has taught at least 500 blind children to see with their ears . "  It is n't that difficult to teach . It really is n't , " he said . "  I believe that the brain is already at least partly wired to do this . All that needs to happen is the hardware needs to be awakened . It needs to be activated , and we believe we 've found ways of doing this . " Not everyone believes him . "  Many of Kish 's colleagues believe that echolocation , if it 's taught , should remain a secondary skill for the blind , " Daniel Engber wrote at Slate . "  And some disability advocates worry that all the hoopla over sonar makes blind people seem like superhuman freaks , with special powers that more than compensate for their problems . " In a presentation at PopTech , a conference about new ideas in science and technology , Kish describes himself as a "  real-life batman " and showed videos of his blind students riding mountain bikes through obstacle courses , playing basketball and skateboarding . " But he sees the technique as much more than a gimmick . "  This is not aiming at making our students daredevils or ` super-blind ' or anything like that , " he said . "  It 's really aimed at opening opportunities and helping students ... to lead day-to-day lives . " On the controversy surrounding his teaching , he added : "  I think that has a lot to do with a dogmatic adherence to tradition -- if it ai n't broke , why fix it . " Kish , who lost both his eyes to cancer when he was an infant , says something is broken with the way blind students all over the world learn . By and large , they 're taught to be dependent on sighted people -- in part because 99 % of them , he said , are taught by people who can see . Kish aims to liberate students . By clicking their tongues and listening for echos from buildings , cars , dogs and the like , he believes they can be less dependent on sighted people . "  Our view is that should one solicit assistance , that one should do so out of a matter of personal choice rather than being cornered into it , " he said . If you saw Kish walking down the street you 'd hear him make repeated clicking sounds with his tongue -- click ! click ! click ! -- as he weaves through traffic or ducks to miss tree branches . The clicks usually are n't terribly loud , but they come at a continuous clip . He makes the sound more often when he 's a bit confused or comes to an intersection . Other times he 's silent as he walks with the help of a cane . Kish is quick to eschew instructions from those who travel with him , said Bill Wolfe , who worked with Kish at the PopTech event . Kish admits that echolocation is n't perfect . Other creatures that use sonar to see , such as bats , emit ultrasonic frequencies . Humans , of course , ca n't do that . "  A bat can determine an object the size of a gnat from so many meters away , " he said . "  For me , the object has to be at least the size of a softball . So bats definitely have the edge on humans in terms of their use of ultrasound . " Kish founded World Access for the Blind in 2000 . So far , he has n't has n't found much interest from groups in the United States . Of 50 schools for the blind his group has contacted , only two have expressed interest in teaching echolocation , he said . Similarly , of 1,300 agencies that deal with issues relating to blindness , only 10 wanted to work with World Access for the Blind , he said . Kish , however , seems undeterred . He 's been clicking his tongue as a way to see for as long as he can remember -- it 's an adaptation , he says , to the fact that his parents raised him just like they would have any sighted child . They did n't give him a break because he experienced the world through other senses . And he 's on a breakneck world tour evangelizing for the idea . "  It 's like seeing with dim flashes of light , " he said of the tongue-click method . Those dim flashes are enough , he says , to change a person 's life -- allowing him or her to go hiking alone , ride a bike or do something as simple as enjoying a view of the coast . Not allowing blind people a chance to do these things , he said , would be "  very shortsighted . "	Daniel Kish teaches a technique to help blind people "  see " with their ears Kish clicks his tongue and listens for that sound to bounce off of objects He says those returning echoes act like "  dim flashes of light " Kish is founder of World Access for the Blind , which teaches "  echolocation "
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Several dozen protesters picketed a cultural center in Kiev , Ukraine , on Saturday as part of continued demonstrations against a controversial regional languages bill . At least 12 people have joined a hunger strike over the past two weeks in protest of the bill , introduced in May by the ruling Party of Regions . One student was hospitalized Saturday in life-threatening condition after seven days on hunger strike , according to Kiev Mohilyan Academy , where the young woman studies . In total , four protesters have been admitted to clinics for treatment over the past three days , Ukraine 's health ministry and the protest movement said . The protesters fear that the future of the Ukrainian language will be severely undermined by the bill , which aims to provide regional status to the 18 languages spoken by ethnic minorities in Ukraine , including Russian , Romanian and Tatar . Under the bill , minorities would be able to have their mother tongue taught in schools and use those languages in official documents , among other benefits . The architect of the bill -- parliament deputy from the ruling party Vadim Kolesnichenko -- says such legislation is necessary if Ukraine wants to become part of the European Union . "  We 've had many checks on the human rights issues in Ukraine by European organizations -- and they noticed many violations . Minority languages has been one of them . Our bill is written in full compliance with the European charter for minority languages , which is aimed at preserving minority languages and protecting them , " Kolesnichenko said . The bill does n't stipulate that Ukraine may have several official state languages -- something which can be changed only through a nationwide referendum . However the opposition insists that providing even a regional status to the Russian language -- widely spoken in 13 regions of the country by roughly 20 million people -- would severely undermine the development of the Ukrainian language . The protesters fear that should the use of Russian be legalized , nobody would want to learn Ukrainian . Parliament sessions in recent months on the controversial bill have erupted in fistfights between Ukraine 's legislators as deputies opposing the bill clashed with those from the ruling party . Earlier this month , the bill passed the second hearing in the Rada with 248 deputies voting for it . The opposition claims the vote was rigged and called on President Viktor Yanukovich not to ratify the bill and prevent it from becoming law . The president has n't yet responded to those demands . "  We issued an ultimatum to the authorities to abolish this bill . There has been no intention or even a hint from President Yanukovich that he could do so . That 's why our hunger strike would continue for weeks or months -- as long as we are alive , " said Oleksandr Mishura , a member of the protest movement . Valeriy Shevchenko traveled to Kiev on Saturday all the way from a village in Western Ukraine to participate . "  We have to defend our language and our culture -- the two things most dear to us , " he said . While protesters continue their standoff , the government is producing few comments on the matter . The final say is with Yanukovich , who is still weighing whether to put his signature on the bill , but promises to respect all sides of the conflict . But Ukraine 's leader already said that if the crisis is not resolved , a dissolution of parliament and an early ballot can not be ruled out .	Protests , including a hunger strike , have been ongoing for the past two weeks The bill aims to provide regional status to the 18 languages spoken by minorities in Ukraine Protesters worry the Ukrainian language will be undermined by the bill The bill 's sponsor says the legislation is necessary if Ukraine wants to join EU
Washington  CNN  -- There 's nothing funny about the issue of migrant farm labor -- unless Comedy Central 's Stephen Colbert is discussing it . Colbert , accompanied by a media swarm , sarcastically testified on Capitol Hill Friday about the conditions facing America 's undocumented farm workers . The popular host of "  The Colbert Report " told members of a House Judiciary subcommittee that he hoped to bring attention to the workers ' hardships . "  I certainly hope that my star power can bump this hearing all the way up to C-SPAN 1 , " he joked . "  America 's farms are presently far too dependent on immigrant labor to pick our fruits and vegetables , " he told the subcommittee , keeping in character with the arch-conservative he plays on television . "  Now , the obvious answer is for all of us to stop eating fruits and vegetables . And if you look at the recent obesity statistics , many Americans have already started . " Colbert told the panel that "  we all know there is a long tradition of great nations importing foreign workers to do their farm work . " "  After all , " he said , "  it was the ancient Israelites who built the first food pyramids . But this is America . I do n't want a tomato picked by a Mexican . I want it picked by an American , then sliced by a Guatemalan , and served by a Venezuelan in a spa where a Chilean gives me a Brazilian . " "  My great-grandfather did not travel across four thousand miles of the Atlantic Ocean to see this nation overrun by immigrants , " he declared . "  He did it because he killed a man back in Ireland . That 's the rumor . " Colbert appeared before Congress the day after "  The Colbert Report " showed video of him packing corn and picking beans on a farm as part of a challenge from a pro-immigrant-labor group . "  I 'll admit I started my work day with preconceived notions of migrant labor , " Colbert said . "  But after working with these men and women ... side by side in the unforgiving sun I have to say -- and I do mean this sincerely -- please do n't make me do this again . It is really , really hard . " The brief experience , he said , "  gave me some small understanding why so few Americans are clamoring to begin an exciting career as seasonal migrant field workers . " Colbert appeared alongside , among others , United Farm Workers President Arturo Rodriguez , whose group over the summer launched "  Take Our Jobs , " a campaign that challenged U.S. citizens to replace immigrants in farm work . The group , which says only seven citizens or legal residents have taken it up on the offer , argues that immigrant workers are n't taking citizens ' jobs , and is pushing for a bill that would give undocumented farm workers currently in the United States the right to earn legal status . On his show Thursday night , Colbert mocked those deriding his appearance before the committee , saying he agreed that showing up in character would "  sully the good name of experts that Republican-controlled Congresses have actually called to testify in the past , " like Elmo , the Sesame Street character who promoted music education before a House subcommittee in 2002 . Republicans on the subcommittee were not impressed or swayed by Colbert 's appearance . "  Maybe we should be spending less time watching Comedy Central and more time considering all the real jobs that are out there -- ones that require real hard labor and ones that do n't involve sitting behind a desk , " said Rep. Steve King , R-Iowa . "  If we did we 'd realize that every day ... Americans perform the dirtiest , most difficult , most dangerous  jobs  that can be thrown at them . " Many of these workers , King said , "  would prefer the aroma of fresh dirt to that of the sewage of American elitists who disparage them even as they flush . " "  It 's an insult to me to hear that Americans wo n't do this work , " he added , arguing that the hiring of undocumented workers is driving down wages and taking jobs away from those in the country legally . Rep. Lamar Smith , R-Texas , used the occasion to rip the Obama administration 's immigration policy . The notion that there 's little competition for jobs between citizens and undocumented workers is a "  myth , " he claimed . "  We could make millions of jobs available to American citizens ... if the federal government simply enforced our immigration laws , " Smith asserted . "  Unfortunately this administration is turning its back on American workers . " Democrats were quick to challenge the Republicans ' claims . While Americans will take tough jobs , "  study after study " shows that "  people would rather have no income and no welfare than take the back-breaking jobs that the migrant farm worker has to do every single day , " said Rep. Howard Berman , D-California . "  Were it not for immigrant farm workers in this country , there would be no seasonal fresh fruit and vegetables , " he said . Most of the media attention , however , remained focused on Colbert . The chairwoman of the subcommittee , Rep. Zoe Lofrgen , D-California , told CNN 's Dana Bash before the hearing that she did n't think Colbert 's appearance was a stunt . "  Celebrities add pizzazz to an issue , " she said . "  I hope his celebrity will bring attention " to this one . But another Democrat , Michigan Rep. John Conyers , initially seemed unimpressed with Colbert , asking him to leave the committee room and merely submit his written statement instead . Colbert noted that he was testifying at Lofgren 's invitation , and said that he would remove himself at her request . Conyers later told CNN he feared Colbert would create a "  circus " atmosphere . But Colbert , who engaged in a question-and-answer session with the subcommittee , actually turned out to be "  profound , " he said . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Deirdre Walsh , Alison Harding and Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report	Comedy Central 's Stephen Colbert testified about conditions facing migrant farm workers He delivered sarcastic testimony before a House Judiciary subcommittee Colbert worked a day on a farm in response to a pro-immigration labor group 's challenge Republicans argue that undocumented workers are taking jobs from U.S. citizens
CNN  -- The oil spill on the Gulf Coast has states and visitors bureaus working hard to keep the public updated and reassure beach-bound travelers . Here are some of the latest updates from destinations affected by the oil disaster : Northwest Florida A no-swim advisory has been lifted for Fort Walton Beach , Destin and Okaloosa Island , according to the Emerald Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau , which represents the three destinations . "  While crews continue to work to remove any remaining tar balls that may have floated ashore , visitors and locals alike are invited to enjoy the beaches as they normally would , " the visitors bureau website said . iReport : See photos from Okaloosa Island Dime-size to 5-inch tar balls continue to wash up in widely scattered areas of northwest Florida , but all of the state 's beaches remain open , according to Visit Florida , the state 's tourism corporation . "  There have been no reports of Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill-related oil products reaching the shore beyond the Northwest Florida region , " Visit Florida 's website said . iReport : Share your photos of affected beaches Scattered tar balls and oil patches have affected Panama City Beach . "  The beaches are open and the swimming is still safe , " the area 's visitors bureau website said . The water at Pensacola Beach is also open for swimming and fishing , according to the Pensacola Bay Area Convention and Visitors Bureau . "  On Pensacola Beach there are reports of tar balls and sheen on less than 1 percent of the entire beach , " the bureau 's website said . Due to heavier oiling on Perdido Key , a health advisory has been issued for beaches stretching from the Florida-Alabama line to the entrance of Johnson Beach on Perdido Key , the Pensacola Bay Area visitors bureau said . Swimming and fishing in the affected waters are not advised . Gulf Islands National Seashore All of the Gulf Islands National Seashore sites , which are in Florida and Mississippi , are open , the National Park Service 's website said . Fort Pickens , Florida , has experienced tar balls on shore , and skimming boats have been collecting oil offshore at Petit Bois Island , Mississippi , and Perdido Pass . "  Surveillance for oiling continues throughout all park areas on a daily basis . Cleanup operations continue throughout the park , " the website said . Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama , have experienced significant oiling , according to the Alabama Gulf Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau . "  The beaches are open and visitors are still welcome to sunbathe and walk the beach , but we strongly suggest they swim in a pool or enjoy our many off-beach activities , " the site said . The Alabama Department of Public Health has issued an advisory against swimming in waters off Gulf Shores , Orange Beach and Fort Morgan or in bay waters close to Fort Morgan , Bayou St. John , Terry Cove , Cotton Bayou and Old River . Grand Isle , Louisiana Oil is affecting more than 45 miles of Louisiana coast , according to a state emergency website , although most of the coast is unaffected . "  The primary affected area is from the mouth of the Mississippi River extending east . Over 75 percent of Louisiana 's coastal waters extend westward from the mouth of the Mississippi River , " according to the Cajun Coast Visitors and Convention Bureau website . Grand Isle has closed its public beach , the site said .	All of Florida 's beaches are open , including tourist hot spots Panama City and Pensacola Swimming , fishing not advised in waters from Florida-Alabama line to Perdido Key Health officials have issued advisory against swimming in Alabama Gulf waters Oil affecting more than 45 miles of Louisiana coast , but most of its coast is unaffected
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The way professional golf is played may have changed for good after the U.S. PGA Tour decided to go along with a new rule that amounts to a rollback of golf technology , a move that world number one Tiger Woods has endorsed . Tiger Woods supports a rule change that will make it harder to play out of the rough . The rule , implemented by the U.S. Golf Association  USGA  and Royal and Ancient Golf Club  RA  , means that from the start of 2010 the U-shaped grooves on wedges will be banned in favor of V-shaped grooves , with the intention of rewarding accurate driving over distance hitting . Research by the USGA has shown that U-shaped grooves allow top players to generate much more spin when playing the ball out of the rough , making the ball come to a quick stop on the green . The USGA and RA felt this meant that landing in the rough was no longer enough of a penalty for shots that strayed from the fairway . In recent years pro golfers have begun to drive for distance rather than accuracy , knowing they can spin their way out of the rough if they miss their target -- a style of play known as "  bomb and gouge . " Despite pressure from some players and golf equipment manufacturers , the U.S. PGA Tour has decided to go along with the rule change , meaning U.S. PGA Tour competitions , including the U.S. Open , will feature the club restriction from next year . Amateur competitions will not ditch the U-shaped grooves until 2014 and the new rule will not apply to recreational players until 2024 . Gareth Taylor , Product Manager at leading golf club manufacturer Callaway , told CNN he believes the change will reward more skilful players . "  At the moment players are getting a lot of spin on the ball so I think it will make people play better , " he said . "  They 'll have to get their technique finely tuned and not rely on the club . " He says club makers have been given ample notice to prepare for the switch . "  I do n't think the change is a regression , it just means research and development will have to come up with better ideas to help the players out . " Taylor explained that as a golfer strikes the ball the grooves on the club face catch the coating on the ball 's surface , producing back spin . He said that the rule change applies to five irons and up and requires the grooves on the club face to be more spaced out , which will make it harder for the grooves to catch the ball . Tiger Woods has supported the changes , saying : "  I think it 's great . We 've had plenty of time to make our adjustments . All the companies have been testing and getting ready for this . " To compensate for the loss of spin from the rough , tour players may use softer balls , which spin more but do not travel as far . That could favor players who already use the softer ball -- including Tiger Woods .	The PGA Tour has agreed to a rule that will ban U-groove clubs for tour players The rule should reward accuracy by making it harder to play from the rough Golf club designers are researching new technologies to replace the u-groove
Hours before the top diplomats from his nation and the United States begin a high-stakes meeting , Russian President Vladimir Putin took to The New York Times to argue against military intervention in Syria and jab his U.S. counterpart . Using an op-ed "  to speak directly to the American people and their political leaders ... at a time of insufficient communication between our societies , " Putin made a case much like U.S. President Barack Obama did Tuesday night -- although their arguments could hardly have been more different . Striking Syria would have many negative ramifications , Putin argued in a piece that went online Wednesday night , including the killing of innocent people , spreading violence around the Middle East , clouding diplomatic efforts to address Iran 's nuclear crisis and resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and "  unleash  ing  a new wave of terrorism . " Moreover , the Russian leader said such action without the U.N. Security Council 's approval "  would constitute an act of aggression . " "  It could throw the entire system of international law and order out of balance , " Putin said . Contrast this to Obama 's assertion that failing to act in Syria opens the door to more chemical weapons attacks in Syria and in other nations -- as well as among terrorist groups -- by giving the impression that the international community wo n't act in the face of blatant violations on bans of their use . And whereas the U.S. president blamed the August 21 sarin gas attack that U.S. officials estimate killed 1,400 people squarely on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , Putin wrote "  there is every reason to believe it was used not by the Syrian army , but by opposition forces to provoke intervention by their powerful foreign patrons , who would be siding with the fundamentalists . " Calling Syria 's ongoing civil war an "  internal conflict , fueled by foreign weapons supplied to the opposition , " Putin cautioned against siding with an opposition in Syria he says includes "  more than enough  al  Qaeda fighters and extremists of all stripes . "  He did not mention the fact Russia has long supplied arms to Syria 's government , or that U.S. officials have said they are funneling aid only to members of what they call the "  moderate opposition . " The Russian president ended his op-ed -- just after mentioning a "  growing trust " between him and his U.S. counterpart -- with a swipe at a remark Obama made Tuesday contending that "  with modest effort and risk , we can stop children from being gassed to death and thereby make our own children safer over the long run . " "  I believe we should act , " Obama said then . "  That 's what makes America different . That 's what makes us exceptional . With humility , but with resolve , let us never lose sight of that essential truth . " Putin challenged the statement , saying , "  It is extremely dangerous to encourage people to see themselves as exceptional , whatever the motivation . " "  We are all different , " the Russian leader concluded , "  but when we ask for the Lord 's blessings , we must not forget that God created us equal . " Reacting to that remark and Putin 's op-ed generally , a senior White House official said Wednesday night "  that 's all irrelevant . " "  He 's fully invested in Syria 's  chemical weapons  disarmament and that 's potentially better than a military strike , which would deter and degrade but would n't get rid of all the chemical weapons , " the official said . "  Putin  now owns this , " the official added of the Russian plan to have Syria 's leadership give up its chemical weapons . "  He has fully asserted ownership of it , and he needs to deliver . " All eyes turn to U.S.-Russia talks in Geneva Putin 's piece went online around the time U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry headed to Geneva , Switzerland , to meet with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov . Their two days of talks will revolve around a Moscow proposal to avert a U.S.-led strike in Syria by having the Syrian government put its chemical weapons stockpile under international control . In his speech Tuesday , Obama said he was willing to test the seriousness and feasibility of the initiative before resuming his push for congressional authorization for military action , which at the moment appears unlikely to succeed . Kerry is taking the lead in dealing with the Russians . That includes regular conversations with Lavrov , including Wednesday when the two talked by phone about "  their shared objective of having a substantive discussion about the mechanics of identifying , verifying and ultimately destroying Assad 's chemical weapons , " said a senior State Department official . "  It 's too early to tell whether this offer will succeed , and any agreement must verify that the Assad regime keeps its commitments , " Obama said in his prime-time address to a war-weary public skeptical of another military venture in the Middle East . "  But this initiative has the potential to remove the threat of chemical weapons without the use of force , particularly because Russia is one of Assad 's strongest allies . " Russian officials have submitted a plan to the United States , Russia 's Itar-Tass news agency reported Wednesday , citing a Russian diplomatic source . Yet White House spokesman Jay Carney said that while conversations have taken place , he was unaware of a full , formal proposal . "  I think we 're not at the stage of putting down public pieces of paper , " he said . Vladimir Chizhov , Russia 's emissary to the European Union , said the plan calls for Syria 's chemical weapons to be placed under international supervision -- inside that country initially , at least . "  The ultimate aim is to have these weapons destroyed , " Chizhov told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . He acknowledged the task of gaining control of the weapons and destroying them with a civil war raging in Syria wo n't be easy , voicing worries about what rebel fighters might do . Separately , the United States , France , and Britain discussed a U.N. Security Council draft resolution , according to a spokesman for British Prime Minister David Cameron . How long will window be open ? Ambassadors from the U.N. Security Council 's five permanent members -- the United States , Russia , China , Britain and France -- met the same day for less than an hour , a diplomat with knowledge of the meeting said . While the focus now is on Switzerland , U.N. headquarters in New York is expected to become the focal point early next week when U.N. chemical weapons inspectors deliver their report to the Security Council -- as early as Monday or Tuesday , sources say -- on the August 21 attack in Syria . In Washington , the debate about what the United States should do in Syria is not over . While Obama has said he wants to give the diplomatic process a chance , he has n't said how long he 'll wait before possibly pushing again for military action . After his meeting earlier this week with Senate Democrats , Sen. Dick Durbin said the president asked lawmakers "  for some time to work things out -- a matter of days into next week . " Another Senate Democrat , though , said it could take weeks to determine if diplomatic efforts will pan out . Members of Congress will watch Kerry 's trip closely for a sense of Obama 's next move after weeks of beating the drum for military action against Syria . "  If diplomacy fails , he 's painted himself into a corner , " Sen. Lindsey Graham said after Obama 's speech . "  The leader of the free world ca n't say all these things at the end of the day and do nothing . " Senior State Department officials have cautioned that negotiations over the proposed deal may not conclude after the scheduled round of talks in Geneva . The plan would be to take any final deal to the U.N. Security Council to be formalized in a resolution . Outcome far from certain While that process unfolds -- if it does successfully -- Obama continued to keep the door open for military action , despite exhortations from Putin that he drop any hint of a threat . The U.S. president has said any military operation in Syria would be targeted , limited and not involve U.S. ground forces . Its goal would be to degrade al-Assad 's ability to use chemical weapons . Obama has also said any strike would be effective -- saying Tuesday that "  the United States military does n't do pinpricks " -- and he has ordered armed forces to be poised in the region "  to keep the pressure on Assad . " U.S.-funded  if not U.S.-made  weapons began flowing to Syrian rebels about two weeks ago , a U.S. official said . Coordinated by the CIA , the supplies include light weapons , ammunition and anti-tank weapons in addition to nonlethal aid the United States has long been providing . A big question looming over the diplomatic talks is whether any U.N. resolution includes a potential for military action should al-Assad not cooperate . That 's something the United States and its allies have favored , while Putin has said his country could veto any measure there that contains such a threat . CNN Poll : Part of Syria strike opposition is the messenger 's fault Analysts say Kerry , as leader of the U.S. diplomatic efforts , has his work cut out for him . "  I think it 's unlikely the Russian government is going to relent on this issue of whether or not it would support the use of force in a security council resolution , " said Nicholas Burns , a former senior State Department official now at Harvard University 's Kennedy School of Government . "  They 've been consistent since day one of the Syrian crisis that they did not want to see the United States or anyone else use force . I think that 's one of the ambitions the Russians have going into this negotiation in Geneva , " he added . Obama makes case : opinion Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said in an exclusive interview on CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " that Kerry must not take the threat of force off the table in his talks with the Russians even if they insist he drop it . "  This is the way that diplomacy works . You use the threat of the use of force to get some action in diplomacy , and then diplomacy just to figure out what you do about the threat of the use of force , " said Albright , who served as America 's top diplomat under President Bill Clinton . "  One of the things I know from trying to get Security Council resolutions is that they take a while , " said Albright . "  But my personal feeling here is that it is that threat of the use of force , and the president made very clear that our ships would stay in the area , and that the use of force would stay on the table . "	Putin 's op-ed is "  irrelevant " and he "  needs to deliver " on Syria , U.S. official says U.S.-funded weapons began reaching Syrian rebels 2 weeks ago , official says In a New York Times op-ed , Putin says striking Syria will hurt the region and world U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will meet with Russian counterpart Thursday
CNN  -- News that Mohamed Osman Mohamud was arrested as a suspected terrorist came as a shock to the woman who lived across the street from him and his family until about a year ago . Stephanie Napier played cards with Mohamud 's mother , Myriam , and Mohamud 's sister , Mona , walked Napier 's youngest son to school . Napier 's son Tyler played basketball with the 19-year-old accused of planning to detonate a vehicle bomb outside a Christmas-tree-lighting ceremony in Portland , Oregon . Napier said Monday that Mohamud was a "  quiet kid " who came from a "  normal middle-class family , " not the man a federal grand jury now has charged with plotting to blow up the Friday night ceremony . "  I think that 's why it 's so shocking , " said Napier , whose son woke her up in the middle of the night with news of her former neighbor 's arrest . The news came just hours after her husband , a staff sergeant with the Army Reserve , left on his second tour of duty in the Middle East . Mohamud , a naturalized U.S. citizen from Somalia , pleaded not guilty Monday to a single count of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction . A federal grand jury in Portland indicted him on that charge shortly before his Monday afternoon court appearance , and he could face life in prison if convicted . About 100 people , including several members of the area 's Somali-American community , packed the small hearing room and the hallway outside . Mohamud did not acknowledge them during the hearing . The Oregon State University student was arrested Friday after he attempted to detonate what he believed was an explosives-laden van parked near a tree-lighting ceremony in Portland 's Pioneer Courthouse Square , law enforcement officials said . But the bomb was fake , thanks to an undercover operation designed to undermine the plotter , and officials said the public was never in danger from the mock device . Mohamud 's lawyer , Stephen Sady , said government agents entrapped his client into the plot , "  grooming " him as a potential bomber and providing him with money and transportation to support the plot . "  The government used the complaint as a press release , timed for maximum publicity and impact , " Sady said . The Justice Department has said Mohamud 's arrest came after a long-term undercover operation during , which the teen had been monitored closely . Dwight Holton , the U.S. attorney in Portland , said Mohamud 's own actions dictated the timing of his arrest and "  led him here today . " "  It 's what the defendant did that created the timing , " Holton said . U.S. Magistrate John Acosta set a February 1 trial date for the suspect , who wore a light-colored shirt , dark-blue pants an shackles during his brief appearance Monday . No bail has been set . Napier said that neither she nor her son ever "  heard anything negative or derogatory " from Mohamud . He could be "  just a messed-up kid , you know , who made a bad decision , " Napier added . But Arthur Balizan , the FBI special agent in charge in Oregon , called the threat posed by the reported plot "  very real . " "  Our investigation shows that Mohamud was absolutely committed to carrying out an attack on a very grand scale , " Balizan said . "  At the same time , I want to reassure the people of this community that , at every turn , we denied him the ability to actually carry out the attack . " According to an arrest warrant affidavit by an FBI special agent , Mohamud was in e-mail communication in August 2009 , with a person believed to be involved in terrorist activities . In December , that person was "  located in the northwest frontier province of Pakistan , " the affidavit states . The two communicated regularly , the affidavit states , and "  using coded language , they discussed the possibility of Mohamud traveling to Pakistan to prepare for violent jihad . " Mohamud attempted to contact another associate who he thought would help facilitate his travel overseas , the affidavit states , but "  because Mohamud used the wrong e-mail address in his efforts to contact -LSB- the second associate -RSB- , he never successfully contacted him to arrange travel . " An undercover FBI employee contacted Mohamud in June under the guise of being affiliated with the associate in Pakistan , according to the affidavit . Mohamud met with the undercover operative July 30 in Portland . Mohamud allegedly told the undercover operative that he had written articles published in Jihad Recollections , an online magazine that advocated violent jihad . "  Mohamud also indicated that he wanted to become ` operational , ' " the Justice Department said . "  Asked what he meant by ` operational , ' Mohamud stated that he wanted to put an ` explosion ' together , but needed help . " But Sady noted that government agents failed to record their first contact with Mohamud due to what the affidavit said were technical difficulties , questioning why a meeting so critical to the case was n't captured on video or audiotape . At a meeting in August , the Justice Department said , Mohamud told undercover FBI operatives that he had been thinking of committing violent jihad since the age of 15 . According to the affidavit , Mohamud then told undercover operatives that he had identified a potential target for a bomb : the annual Pioneer Courthouse Square tree-lighting . Authorities said an FBI operative pointed out that lots of children would be at such an event , but Mohamud said he was looking for a "  huge mass that will ... be attacked in their own element with their families celebrating the holidays . " Officials said Mohamud also stated , "  It 's in Oregon , and Oregon like , you know , nobody ever thinks about it . " According to the affidavit , Mohamud and the undercover FBI operatives went to a remote area in Lincoln County , Oregon , on November 4 and detonated a bomb hidden in a backpack as a test . During the drive back to Corvallis , the agents asked Mohamud whether he could look at the bodies of those who would be killed in the upcoming attack in Portland , the Justice Department said . Mohamud said , "  I want whoever is attending that event to leave , to leave either dead or injured , " according to the affidavit . On Friday , Mohamud met one of the FBI operatives at a predetermined location , the affidavit states . Mohamud called a phone number "  in an unsuccessful attempt to detonate the device , " it says , and then dialed the number again before he was taken into custody . Portland police Sgt. Pete Simpson , who said police officers got involved in the investigation several months ago , said the arrest took place several blocks from the tree-lighting . Muslims in the Portland area have decried the alleged plot and thanked police for reaching out to mosques in the area . And Somali leaders in neighboring Washington state also condemned the alleged plot , calling it "  heinous " in a statement issued Monday . CNN 's Thelma Gutierrez and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Mohamud pleads not guilty ; trial set for February NEW : Defense attorney says federal agents entrapped his cient A neighbor described the suspect as a "  quiet kid " and called the charge "  shocking " The 19-year-old is accused of attempting to bomb a Portland , Oregon gathering
CNN  -- Veteran striker Raul Gonzalez scored his 71st Champions League goal to help Schalke beat holders Inter Milan 2-1 on the night and 7-3 on aggregate to reach the semifinals of the competition on Wednesday . Already in the driving seat after their stunning 5-2 first leg win at the San Siro , the German Bundesliga side never looked likely to relinquish their advantage and eased through to the last four , where they will now face Manchester United . Raul opened the scoring on the stroke of half-time , controlling an inch-perfect pass from compatriot Jose Manuel Jurado , before rounding goalkeeper Julio Cesar to slip the ball home . However , the Italian side levelled the scores just four minutes later when Thiago Motta was left unmarked from a corner to head home . Benedikt Hoewedes then had a header ruled out for offside , but the Schalke defender was not to be denied and he hit the winner with nine minutes remaining , firing home after latching onto Raul 's pass . Schalke coach Ralf Rangnick told reporters : "  We have produced two great performances against Inter . "  If you only allow the Champions League winners a couple of chances , you know you have played well . "  Each player worked hard for each other and that was the key to our success , " he added . Schalke will host United in Gelsenkirchen on April 26 in the first leg , with the return at Old Trafford on May 4 .	Schalke defeat Inter Milan 2-1 to reach the semifinals of the Champions League The victory puts the Bundesliga side into the last four 7-3 on aggregate Spanish striker Raul Gonzalez scores his 71st Champions League goal on Wednesday Schalke will now face Manchester United for a place in the final next month
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A NASA report on the last minutes of Space Shuttle Columbia cited problems with the crew 's helmets , spacesuits and restraints , which resulted in "  lethal trauma " to the seven astronauts aboard . Columbia crew members were killed when the shuttle broke apart upon re-entering Earth 's atmosphere . But the report also acknowledged that "  the breakup of the crew module ... was not survivable by any currently existing capability . " The spacecraft broke up while re-entering Earth 's atmosphere near the end of its mission on February 1 , 2003 . The NASA report found the astronauts knew for about 40 seconds that they did not have control of the shuttle before they likely were knocked unconscious as Columbia broke apart around them . Watch more details from the report " The report also found that while crew members were wearing their pressurized suits , one astronaut did not have on a helmet , three were not wearing gloves and none lowered the visors before the module lost cabin pressure . One astronaut also was not seated . "  In this accident , none of those actions would have ultimately made any difference , " said former shuttle program manager Wayne Hale , now a deputy NASA administrator . The graphic , 400-page investigative report relied on video , recovered debris and medical findings , supplemented with computer modeling and analyses . It also includes many recommendations to make space travel safer for future astronauts . A shuttle-program source told CNN the families of the astronauts who died were brought in specifically to look at the report and even in some cases to help with its preparation . The report took more than five years to complete . "  The members of this team have done an outstanding job under difficult and personal circumstances , " said Johnson Space Center director Michael L. Coats . "  Their work will ensure that the legacy of Columbia and her heroic crew continues to be the improved safety of future human spaceflights worldwide . " Columbia broke apart some 200,000 feet over Texas -- just minutes before it was to have touched down in Florida . The shuttle 's wing was damaged on takeoff when a large piece of heat-reflecting foam ripped off and gouged a hole in it . During re-entry , the hole allowed atmospheric gases to burn the wing and destroy the spacecraft . The oldest orbiter in the fleet , Columbia had just completed a 16-day science mission . Watch the view from the command deck as the shuttle enters the atmosphere " Killed were commander Rick Husband , pilot Willie McCool , payload commander Michael Anderson and mission specialists David Brown , Kalpana Chawla , Laurel Clark and Ilan Ramon , an Israeli Air Force colonel who was Israel 's first astronaut . By request of the families of the Columbia astronauts , NASA released the report between Christmas and New Year 's so that the astronauts ' children would be at home where they could discuss the findings with their families in private , said former shuttle commander Pam Melroy , deputy project manager for the investigation team . "  It was a way for us to work through our grief about the accident , " said Melroy about compiling the report . "  This was one of the hardest things I 've ever done . " The report stated that "  after the crew lost consciousness due to the loss of cabin pressure , the seat inertial reel mechanisms on the crews ' shoulder harnesses did not lock . "  As a result , the unconscious or deceased crew was exposed to cyclical rotational motion while restrained only at the lower body . Crew helmets do not conform to the head . Consequently , lethal trauma occurred to the unconscious or deceased crew due to the lack of upper body support and restraint . " Another section of the report focused on the pressure suits used by the space shuttle crew on launch and re-entry . It said the suits were not part of the initial design of the orbiter and that depressurization "  occurred so rapidly that the crew members were incapacitated within seconds , before they could configure the suit for full protection from loss of cabin pressure . " Melroy said investigators took some comfort in data that suggests the Columbia crew died abruptly and without suffering . "  Of course , we were relieved , " she told reporters during a NASA conference call Tuesday afternoon . "  It is a very small blessing , but we 'll take them where we can find them . " The NASA team 's report evaluated every aspect of the crew cabin infrastructure , including the design of the safety belts and helmets worn by the crew . The report also included recommendations to improve spacecraft design and crew safety . Those recommendations cover a broad range of subjects from crew training , procedures , restraints and individual safety equipment to spacecraft design methods and recommendations regarding future accident investigations . "  By learning these lessons and ensuring that we continue the journey begun by the crews of Apollo 1 , Challenger , and Columbia , we help to give meaning to their sacrifice and the sacrifice of their families , " the report stated . "  It is for them , and for the future generations of explorers , that we strive to be better and go farther . The report will have little if no effect on the nine remaining space shuttle flights to come . NASA is mothballing the shuttle program in 2010 as it begins a new program , Constellation , designed to send astronauts back to the moon . There is expected to be about a five-year hiatus in manned U.S. space flight as NASA transitions to the new program , which it hopes will launch in 2015 . CNN 's Brandon Griggs and Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NASA released a report Tuesday on the last minutes of Space Shuttle Columbia Seven astronauts died when the spacecraft broke up while returning to Earth in 2003 Report : Astronauts knew for about 40 seconds that they 'd lost control of craft Report also cited problems with the crew 's helmets , spacesuits and restraints
Editor 's note : Leonard Pitts Jr. , a columnist for The Miami Herald , won the 2004 Pulitzer Prize for commentary and is the author of a new novel , "  Before I Forget " and "  Becoming Dad : Black Men and the Journey to Fatherhood . " Leonard Pitts says we know what it takes to improve the performance of African-American students . CNN  -- Back in 1972 , on an episode of "  All in the Family , " Gloria posed the following riddle to Archie and Meathead . Father and son go driving . There 's an accident . The father is killed instantly , the son is rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery . The surgeon walks in , takes one look at the patient and says , "  I ca n't operate on this boy . He 's my son . " The answer to the apparent paradox eluded Archie , Meathead and the guys down at Kelsey 's bar for the balance of the half hour . They floated theories involving stepfathers , sons-in-law , priests , adoptions and returns from the dead . All of which Archie apparently found more believable than the true answer which was , of course , that the surgeon was the boy 's mother . "  If that 's the answer , " he spouted , "  that 's the dumbest riddle I ever hoid ! " Thirty-seven years later it is , perhaps , difficult to appreciate why this riddle ever was a riddle , how so apparent an answer could have stymied Archie , Meathead and , I would wager , the vast majority of the viewing audience . The riddle speaks volumes not just about how the world has changed in four decades , but also about how unconscious expectations can blind us to the obvious . In 1972 , one expected a man when one heard the word "  surgeon . " Much as , in 2009 , one expects a white kid when one hears the word "  scholar . " People will deny this , will say all the right and politic things . But the disclaimers will be as thin and transparent as Saran Wrap . Black , white and otherwise , we are all socialized by the same forces and all carry , by and large , the same unconscious assumptions . One of which is that a certain level of achievement is black and another is white . This is what you are hearing when a black kid speaks standard English and another black kid chides him for "  talking white . " This is what George W. Bush was alluding to when he decried "  the soft bigotry of low expectations . " And this is what we need to address forthrightly if we ever hope to close the so-called achievement gap that looms between black kids and white ones . In 2007 and 2008 , I traveled the country for a series of columns called "  What Works , " aimed at profiling programs that addressed that gap . I traveled between big programs and small ones , from the Harlem Children 's Zone , which encompasses 90 square blocks of holistic education , family counseling , medical care and tutoring in New York City , to the Freedom Project in Sunflower County , Mississippi , which offers field trips , martial arts and academic enrichment in a rural county where the median income is $ 25,000 a year and the teen pregnancy rate is said to be 25 percent . I toured Self Enhancement Inc. in Portland , Oregon , a KIPP  Knowledge is Power Program  School in Gaston , North Carolina , the East Lake Foundation in Atlanta , Georgia , and many others . In all these places , I saw black kids -- well-spoken , clean-cut and noon-sun bright -- making a lie out of other peoples ' expectations . Over the course of 13 months , common themes began to emerge whenever I would ask why kids such as these were doing such wondrous work in these places and substandard work elsewhere . We have more power to fire bad teachers and reward good ones , they said . We require parental involvement . We have a longer school day and a longer school year . We mentor children that need it . We counsel children and families that need it . We are invested in them and make sure they know it . Most of all , they spoke of the simple power of expectation : making it a conscious point to look for greatness in black kids in whom people had not thought to look for it before . What I came to understand in those interviews is that we already know the secret to improving academic performance for African-American children . What is missing is the will to do so . And that , I think , is because where they are concerned , we have other expectations . I asked Geoffrey Canada , founder of the Harlem Children 's Zone , how he justifies asking for money to uplift poor kids in Harlem . His response struck me : "  Someone 's yelling at me because I 'm spending $ 3,500 a year on ` Alfred . ' ` Alfred ' is 8 . OK , Alfred turns 18 . No one thinks anything about locking him up for 10 years at $ 60,000 a year . " But then , we expect Alfred to be locked up , do n't we ? Expect it so blithely that we will not challenge the expectation even when it works against our own economic self-interest . Canada , after all , presents a rather stark choice : invest a smaller amount early and produce a citizen who pays taxes and contributes to the system or pay a much larger amount later for the upkeep of a citizen who consumes tax monies and contributes nothing . That we consistently choose the latter says something about how we assess the educability , the salvageability , of African-American kids . Thirteen months of interviewing young scholars left me more impatient than ever with a culture that writes off black kids because they are black kids . Somewhere between the 13-year-old in rural Mississippi who wants to go to Harvard and the second-graders in Harlem studying Vincent Van Gogh , I ceased being surprised and started being angry that what I saw was still the exception and not the rule . Everywhere I went , there were black kids excelling . And at some point , you say to yourself : well , of course . What did you expect ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leonard Pitts Jr. .	Leonard Pitts Jr. : Unconscious expectations can blind us to the obvious He says many people expect black students to perform more poorly Programs have demonstrated that investing in children 's education pays off Pitts : We already know secret to improve performance , but do we have will to do it ?
CNN  -- More than three months after safety issues grounded the Boeing 787 Dreamliner , Ethiopian Airlines became the first to resume service with a commercial flight Saturday . Nearly 50 Dreamliners around the world had been out of commission after two incidents on jets operated by Japanese airlines called the battery systems into question . Boeing last week began installing a redesigned battery system in the aircraft . The Ethiopian Airlines Dreamliner flight carried passengers from Addis Ababa to Nairobi , Kenya , the company said . The move follows the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration posting a directive outlining the modifications necessary for the Dreamliner to fly again . Japan this week authorized its passenger airlines to resume Dreamliner flights , but it was n't clear when they they would reinstate the aircraft . The Dreamliner 's use of lightweight composite materials to greatly improve fuel economy has made it a big seller in Asia and the Middle East , where long-haul flights account for much of an airline 's business . United Airlines , which has six Boeing 787 aircraft , is the only U.S. airline to take delivery of the Dreamliner so far . It will cost the airline about $ 2.8 million to implement the fix , according to the FAA 's Federal Register filing . The company plans to begin domestic flights using the 787 in May and possibly launch the Denver-Narita , Japan , route on June 10 . CNN 's Katia Hetter contributed to this report .	The Boeing 787 Dreamliner was back int he skies Saturday The fleet had been grounded for more than three months because of safety concerns The FAA approved a fix and Boeing began installing redesigned battery systems The Ethiopian Airlines flight carried passengers from Addis Ababa to Nairobi
CNN  -- Andres Iniesta pipped Barcelona teammate Lionel Messi and Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo to win the UEFA Best Player in Europe Award Thursday . The 28-year-old midfielder was named Player of the Tournament as Spain won Euro 2012 and was in brilliant form for the Catalan giants all season . Iniesta received his trophy from UEFA president Michel Platini at the Grimaldi Forum in Monaco where earlier the Champions League draw had been made . "  I am very honored and I dedicate this award to my Barcelona and Spain teammates , " said Iniesta . "  I am privileged to be here with two such great footballers as Leo and Cristiano . " Iniesta received 19 votes in a poll of sports journalists representing each of UEFA 's member associations . Goal scoring machines Messi and Ronaldo were tied for second on 17 votes apiece after the three had formed a final shortlist following an initial round of voting . Iniesta broke Emilio Butragueno 's record of 50 La Liga matches without defeat during the course of last season but he was on the losing side in game 56 as Ronaldo 's Real won 1-0 at the Camp Nou in April to clinch the La Liga crown . He has won every honor in the game in a glittering career , scoring the extra time goal as Spain beat the Netherlands 1-0 in the 2010 World Cup final in South Africa . Argentina ace Messi won the first edition of the new award which is the brainchild of former French international star Platini .	Andres Iniesta claims UEFA 's Best Player in Europe award Barcelona midfielder pips Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo to honor Iniesta was best player of the tournament in Spain 's Euro 2012 triumph Poll of sports journalists decides the winner
Anaheim , California  CNN  -- In the shadows of Disneyland , often referred to as the "  happiest place on Earth , " many children are living a reality that 's far from carefree . They are living in cheap motels more commonly associated with drug dealers , prostitutes and illicit affairs . It 's the only option for many families that are struggling financially and ca n't scrape together a deposit for an apartment . By living week to week in these cramped quarters , they stay one step ahead of homelessness . "  Some people are stuck , they have no money . They need to live in that room , " said Bruno Serato , a local chef and restaurateur . "  They 've lost everything they have . They have no other chance . No choice . " While "  motel kids " are found across the United States , the situation is very common in Orange County , California , a wealthy community with high rents and a large number of old motels . In 2009 , local authorities estimated that more than 1,000 families lived in these conditions . When Serato learned that these children often go hungry , he began serving up assistance , one plate at a time . To date , he 's served more than 270,000 pasta dinners -- for free -- to those in need . "  Kids should not be suffering , " Serato said . " -LSB- I had -RSB- to do something . " Serato , 55 , has always given back to the community where he achieved his American dream . When the Italian immigrant arrived in the U.S. 30 years ago , his poor English skills forced him to settle for a job as a dishwasher . But within five years , he had become chef and owner of the Anaheim White House , an Italian restaurant that is now a local hot spot . In 2003 , he created Caterina 's Club , which raises money for underprivileged children . The charity is named after Serato 's mother , who taught him how to cook at the family 's trattoria in Verona , Italy . When she came to California in 2005 to visit her son , he took her to the local Boys & Girls Club , the main recipient of the charity 's funds . There , they saw a small boy eating a bag of potato chips and learned that this snack was his supper . Bruno said his mother was shocked by the boy 's meager meal . She had raised seven children and always made sure food was on the dinner table , even during the lean years after World War II . "  My mama ... her whole life was to feed kids , " he said . The Seratos found out that the boy lived in a motel with his family . The situation was so common in the area that the Anaheim Boys & Girls Club had a "  motel kids " program , where vans pick up the children after school and drop them off at the motels every night . While these children receive free breakfast and lunch through school programs , their parents often do n't have the resources to give them dinner . Caterina found it unacceptable that the children would go to bed without supper . Speaking in rapid Italian , she made her feelings clear to her son . "  Mom said , ` Bruno , you must feed them the pasta ! ' " Serato recalled . When he discovered that this meant feeding around 70 children , he demurred . But his mother insisted . He went back to his restaurant and prepared 70 pasta dinners to serve at the club . His mother helped him that first night , and Serato has maintained the ritual nearly every night for more than six years -- even through the recession . The economic downturn was a challenge , though . Serato lost 30 % to 40 % of his customers , and the number of children he fed each night more than doubled . He often found himself giving away more meals than he served in his restaurant , and he was forced to refinance his home to keep going . But Serato found that his work with the children helped sustain him , at least on a personal level . "  So many nights ... it was not too many customers , " he said . " -LSB- To -RSB- know that I served 150 kids ... it made me feel better . " Today , Serato 's business has rebounded , and his program feeds nearly 200 children , in two locations , seven days a week . He also pays for drivers to transport the kids to the Boys & Girls Club , and he has purchased another van . All told , he estimates that the endeavor costs him around $ 2,000 a month . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes Michael Baker , the executive director of the Anaheim Boys & Girls Club , says many of the "  motel kids " he serves depend on Serato 's meals . He also relishes the irony of the situation . "  These are some of the poorest kids in Anaheim eating from one of the most exclusive restaurants every night , " he said . "  I love that ! " Carlos Gomez , 12 , has lived in a motel room with his family -- a total of six people -- for almost his entire life . He and his younger brother Anthony often eat Serato 's pasta , and his father , Martin , says it 's a relief to know that his children can get a free meal . "  I no longer worry as much , about them -LSB- coming home -RSB- and there being no food , " he said . "  I know that they eat over there at -LSB- the -RSB- Boys & Girls Club . " This spring , Serato plans to expand his program to an additional 100 kids a night , and he will partner with another organization to give 100 children three meals a day . He is also calling on other restaurants around the country to work together to feed "  motel kids . " He believes that providing just a few dinners a night could make a significant difference . "  Every restaurant in the country -- Chinese , Indian , Mexican , French -- let 's do it all together , " Serato said . "  We would have no hungry children . " Serato 's love for the children is clear , but he 's quick to give all of the credit to his beloved "  mama " back in Italy . Although she suffers from Parkinson 's disease , he still talks to her via Skype every morning and believes that if she knew how their work has grown , she would be proud . Although his mother made him start the work , he now says he could never stop helping the children . "  They 're customers , " he says with a smile . "  My favorite customers . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Caterina 's Club website at www.thecaterinasclub.org and see how to help .	Chef Bruno Serato serves up free pasta to hungry children in Orange County , California Many of the children live in motels because their families ca n't afford apartments Serato 's service was inspired by his Italian mother : "  Her whole life was to feed kids " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
The previous night we 'd been turned away by stern-looking border guards . A categorical "  no entry " to Transnistria . Trans-where ? Transnistria is a breakaway state , recognized by no sovereign nation . It 's a sliver of land sandwiched between Moldova and Ukraine and only a little larger than Rhode Island , the smallest state in the United States . "  You ca n't come in . Right now there is no permission for foreigners and no permission for journalists , " said the Transnistrian border guard , clad in an oversized peaked cap with Soviet-style hat-badge . It was past midnight and we were too tired to argue . To be honest , we had expected as much . A week earlier , Transnistrian authorities had fast-tracked our request for a journalist visa to report inside their territory . Instead of waiting the normal 10 days ' processing time , officials had responded within 36 hours . It was a speedy "  no . " Transnistria split from the former Soviet republic of Moldova following a two-year war  1990-1992  that erupted as the Soviet Union collapsed . The Russians stepped in to back Transnistria -- located on the right bank of the River Dniestr -- but never recognized it as an independent state . It became a land in limbo . More than a decade later , and after Russian troops marched into Ukraine 's Crimea region , NATO 's top military commander Gen. Philip Breedlove warned Moscow may be eyeing other targets . Western intelligence has shown tens of thousands more Russian troops massed on Ukraine 's eastern border . ` Frozen conflict ' Breedlove suggested the force -- backed by tanks and attack helicopters -- was large enough to roll right through Ukraine from east to west and into Transnistria . The general described this as one of Russia 's "  frozen conflicts " -- an unresolved political and territorial dispute -- which Moscow could reignite at any time in a bid to expand its influence across the region . Like the generals in Moscow and Washington , we pored over our map , tracking backroads and alternate routes into the self-declared country . We decided to try to visit as tourists ; our target was the "  Equator " a top nightclub in the Transnistrian border town of Bender . Attempting our approach this time from Moldova , we sloshed a half bottle of local brandy on the floor of our minivan to give it a party smell . Maybe they got bored of our incoherent fast-talk or perhaps bought the idea that Transnistrian nightlife was a big draw for international partygoers . After a long wait , we were waved through . As we rolled past decaying heavy industry and tumbledown Soviet-era apartment blocks , it was clear Transnistria needed more than a fancy nightclub to give it a touch of glamor . At the doors of the "  Equator " , we were informed that the night 's planned event was body painting and a contest to win free cocktails . The rules did not seem entirely clear . We headed instead for an early night in the capital Tiraspol . My last foray into cocktail drinking in former Soviet states had ended badly . A week earlier , up on the Ukraine 's northeast frontier with Russia , a Ukrainian tank commander had cracked open a jar of pickled tomatoes , offered up some raw eggs and uncorked home-made vodka . When the fruit vodka ran out -- we ended the chilly night , in a foxhole , drinking shots of a cloudy liquid from a plastic bottle . Before he passed out , the gunner explained it was the cleaning fluid for the tank 's electronics . No desire to repeat that in Transnistria . Trapped in time As we headed early Sunday into downtown Tiraspol , it was easy to see Transnistria is a place trapped in time . The hammer and sickle is still proudly emblazoned on the Transnistrian flag . A Soviet star is perched atop the city council building and a few blocks down , a towering statue of Lenin rises like a guardian angel . The roads are named after revolutionary icons : Marx , Engels , Lenin . There 's also just plain "  Communist Street . " At a flea market , old men traded Soviet army cap badges and shoulder flashes . Many here still hanker after the glory days of the Cold War . "  Of course it was good with the Soviet Union . We wanted to be with Russia and still want to be with Russia , " one elderly lady told me . She wrapped her arms around herself as she explained how she had felt protected by the old U.S.S.R. Viktor , one of the men selling old Soviet military mementos added : "  It was good in those days but we know we can not turn back time . But we want to join Russia now and set up a free-trade zone . " "  We do n't want to be part of Moldova . They only grab money for their own pockets , " he added . Pro-Russian Talking to people here , it 's hard to fathom why NATO chiefs would warn of an impending Russian invasion of Transnistria . The doors seem to be wide open and the welcome mat is out . "  Let them come . Here people are all for it . If the Russian military comes everybody will shout ` hooray , ' " a chatty blonde woman said . Transnistrians have repeatedly called to be allowed to join the Russian Federation . Moscow has so far failed to recognize Transnistria 's independence -- insisting that it should first resolve its dispute with Moldova . After its annexation of Crimea , some political and military analysts believe Russia may be readying to redraw some of Eastern Europe 's borders without further consultation . Away from the flea market , stands "  La Dolce Vita , " an Italian-style pavement café that serves only instant coffee and dozens of varieties of sugary cakes . Law student Katya and boyfriend Sergey , an IT student , were consumed in a very public show of affection . Their minds were more focused on love not war . But they paused briefly for questions . "  If the Russians come in it would n't be a tragedy at all . The Russian military is already here , " Sergey said . The couple added that they intended to go to Russia once they 'd graduated to look for well-paid work there . They said good jobs were hard to find in Transnistria . When the Soviet star waned , a new star rose over Transnistria -- that of Wild West economics . An ex-KGB agent and former president appears to be one of the biggest businessmen in town . He goes under the brand name "  Sheriff " and has a chain of supermarkets , gas stations and even Tiraspol 's top soccer club . Other businesses here may not be so mainstream . International economists often describe Transnistria as a state whose fortunes are built on smuggling booze and tobacco and selling old Soviet weapons . Out in the countryside , Anna Ivanna has no head for shady dealings . I find her hoeing weeds from her small vineyard . She says her land is perfect for growing organic grapes . Some of it goes to produce Kvint -- a Transnistrian cognac . She believes becoming part of Russia would bring greater economic benefits like cheaper energy , especially Russian natural gas for heating her home and powering local industry . She 's also heard Russian pensions are four times higher than in Transnistria . "  Why do we need Europe ? It 's good for us to be part of Russia . Maybe Europe is OK for the young people , " she said . Russian soldiers never left Transnistria , after its 1990-1992 independence war with Moldova . A contingent of around 1,200 occupies bases and highway checkpoints here -- another indication Russian President Vladimir Putin would not need to invade since his troops are already here . On the outskirts of the capital , we venture into another Soviet-era apartment complex . On a wall , there 's a starkly poetic line of graffiti scrawled in English . It could be the lament of star-crossed lovers or perhaps a sign of the political times . "  I love you . But why I love you ? ... I never know . " A message from Transnistria . To Russia with love .	People on a sliver of land caught in a Soviet time warp long to be part of Russia Transnistria is part of Moldova and an unrecognized self-declared country They see Russia as a protecting force and a place to work and trade One woman explains if the Russian military arrived people would cheer
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama revitalized his push for holding down middle-class tax rates Monday , calling on Congress to pass a one-year extension of the Bush-era tax cuts for people earning less than $ 250,000 a year . In a White House statement delivered while people described as working Americans stood behind him , Obama said his proposal would provide the certainty of no tax increase next year for 98 % of Americans . Noting that Republicans seek to maintain all of the Bush tax cuts enacted in 2001 and 2003 , Obama said both sides therefore agree on extending the lower rates for middle-class families . "  Let 's agree to do what we agree on , right ? " Obama said to laughter and applause in the East Room . "  That 's what compromise is all about . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , indicated he would schedule a Senate vote on Obama 's proposal , while House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , said the chamber would vote later this month on a one-year extension of the Bush tax cuts for everyone . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters Monday that Obama would veto the House version if it reached his desk . Facing a tough re-election fight against certain Republican challenger Mitt Romney , the Obama campaign seeks to frame the contest as a debate between the president 's goal of restoring middle-class opportunity versus GOP policies that it says would primarily benefit corporations and wealthy Americans . Opinion : Class warfare discussion is essential Obama and other Democrats said Monday that Republicans would have to decide if protecting wealthy Americans from a tax increase was worth holding "  hostage " the extension of middle-class tax cuts . A Romney campaign official criticized Obama 's announcement as more bad policy from the president in the wake of the latest disappointing jobs report . "  President Obama 's response to even more bad economic news is a massive tax increase , " said Andrea Saul , the Romney campaign 's spokeswoman . "  It just proves again that the president does n't have a clue how to get America working again and help the middle class . " Unlike Obama , Saul continued , Romney "  understands that the last thing we need to do in this economy is raise taxes on anyone . " Republicans also complained that Obama 's plan would raise taxes on more than 900,000 small-business owners who report their income in individual returns as so-called flow-through enterprises . "  The proposed tax increase on 53 % of all flow-through business income would be especially harmful to small businesses , " said a statement by Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , a leading conservative . Obama , however , said that under his proposal , 97 % of the nation 's small business owners would benefit from having their lower tax rates maintained at current levels . "  This is n't about taxing job creators , " Obama said . "  This is about helping job creators . " Carney also took exception to the GOP argument , saying that the small-business people Republicans sought to protect from higher taxes included "  partners in law firms or hedge-fund managers . " "  They 're not the kind of small businesses that you and I tend to think of when we talk about small businesses , " Carney said . Monday 's statement was part of a new presidential push on the tax issue following the weak June jobs report that came out Friday . Congress is returning from it 's weeklong Independence Day break on Monday . An Obama campaign official said his re-election team will "  amplify the president 's message on middle-class tax cuts " by hosting a series of events this week in battleground states . In Las Vegas , for example , local elected officials will discuss Obama 's efforts to fight for the middle class , the campaign official said . In Colorado , Aspen Mayor Mick Ireland , Colorado Democratic Party Chair Rick Palacio and state Sen. Gail Schwartz will hold a news conference to discuss the contrasting economic visions of Obama and Romney . Obama signed a bill in 2010 to extend all of the Bush-era tax cuts until the end of 2012 , citing the need for economic stimulus at the time . He has since vowed he would not permit another extension of the lower tax rates for wealthy Americans . His proposal Monday would maintain the current lower tax rates for families making up to $ 250,000 for another year while allowing tax rates to return to 1990s levels for those earning more . The president sounded major themes of his re-election campaign , saying his goal was "  putting people back to work but also rebuilding an economy where that work pays off . " He blamed a political stalemate in Congress for the failure to take decisive steps toward addressing rising deficits and other economic issues , saying he and Democrats disagreed with what he called "  top down " policies of Republicans who favor tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans . "  I believe our prosperity has always come from an economy that 's built on a strong and growing middle class , " Obama said , noting that he has cut middle class taxes as president . " ... So that 's why I believe it 's time to let the tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans , folks like myself , to expire . " Extend the tax cuts for the middle class now , the president said , and then let the result of the November election decide the debate on broader tax reform , including how much the wealthy should pay On Sunday , top Obama campaign adviser Robert Gibbs told CNN that the president was "  100 % committed " to ending the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy . The tax breaks are set to expire in what has become known as the "  fiscal cliff , " a package of spending cuts and the removal of tax breaks that will take place on January 1 if Congress fails to act . In total , they could add up to $ 7 trillion . Tax breaks that would end include the Bush tax cuts , middle-class protection from the Alternative Minimum Tax and more than 50 "  temporary " tax breaks for individuals and businesses that have been on the books for years . Should the rich pay more taxes ? Share your thoughts in the iReport Debate Obama also has backed the so-called Buffett Rule , named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett , which would impose a minimum 30 % tax rate on those making more than $ 1 million . The measure was blocked by Senate Republicans in April . Republicans say the solution to the country 's deficit problems should focus on shrinking the size of government , rather than raising taxes on anyone . "  In the wake of another weak jobs report , the president is doubling down on his quixotic call for the same small businesses tax hikes that have been routinely rejected by the House and Senate , " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , said in a statement Monday . "  How will these small business tax hikes create jobs ? " Opinion : 3 bipartisan bills that could get the economy moving Middle class taxes may rise anyway CNN 's Ashley Killough and CNNMoney 's Jeanne Sahadi contributed to this report .	NEW : The House and Senate will vote on differing proposals on the Bush tax cuts President Obama says extend lower tax rates only for the middle class , not the wealthy Republicans says the tax cuts should extended for everyone The tax cuts are set to expire at the end of the year
CNN  -- How much do you love your city ? Enough to write a love letter to it ? So much that you 'd tattoo that love letter on your body ? The Lexington Tattoo Project , which will leave hundreds of residents branded with an ode to their town , is the brainchild of artists Kurt Gohde and Kremena Todorova , professors at Transylvania University in Kentucky 's second largest city . "  For years to come , this is a commitment to Lexington , " Gohde said . Their fascination with tattooing as an art form started a few years ago when they co-taught a class called "  Creative Disruption , " a course built around understanding -- and challenging -- the cultural and social conventions that dictate our lives . One of their most thought-provoking assignments asked students to place temporary but realistic-looking tattoos in a visible place on their body . They were then asked to visit a business and apply for a job . Gohde and Todorova said students came back with mixed responses ; some felt like a conversation piece , others felt discriminated against . Gohde and Todorova acted as canvasses along with their students ; Todorova chose to wear the fake tattoos off and on for two years . "  What was interesting to us , as well , was how our gender would affect how we are perceived , " Todorova said . "  People were a lot more interested in my tattoos , but they looked at Kurt like he was a criminal . " Decoding the workplace dress code This go-round , they decided to take it one step further , using the words of a local poet for an installation of permanent tattoos to be inked on Lexington residents . Poet Bianca Spriggs crafted a contrapuntal work -- a three-part piece in which the reader can view the left column as one poem , the right column as another poem , and both columns together as a third poem . The title : "  The ___________ of the universe : A Love Story . " "  It did n't start off as a love letter , " Spriggs confided . "  I 've been off and on in Lexington for about 20 years . Like any relationship , you have your ups and downs with the city . I tried not to think that people were going to have it tattooed on their body . " Spriggs enlisted social media to fill in the blank : "  Lexington is the ___________ of the universe . " Some of the responses were poetic , others were downright bizarre -- read "  errant nipple hair " and "  B-list cult movie . " Still , Gohde and Todorova found someone to agree to be inked with every phrase and punctuation mark in the 496-word poem  including the title  . Apparently this matters : Face tattoos Participants submitted their top three phrases and Gohde and Todorova narrowed it down from there ; they say only about 15-20 people had to resubmit phrases because they were n't available anymore . Spriggs participated in the project , too , choosing the phrase "  gravitational pull " for a permanent spot on her left foot . "  I got that one because every time I tried to leave Lexington , something pulled me back -- as if my work here is not yet done , " said 31-year-old Spriggs . In all , 248 participants will put their love for Lexington in ink . More than 60 people were first-time tattoo recipients  including the professors themselves  . The oldest participant is 65 . Tattoos and piercings : How young is too young ? The tattoos were done by Robert Alleyne and Jay Armstrong at Charmed Life Tattoo , gratis , thanks to local sponsors . "  I loved the idea of a small part of the city that I call home coming together and using tattooing as the medium for the sake of a community art project , " said Josh Weinel , 36 , a participant in the project . Weinel chose to put the phrase "  Signal Flare " along his left forearm . It was his 25th tattoo . Weinel 's twin brother , Jason , also decided to participate in the project after learning about it from his brother . Opting for the phrase , "  The Roadside Attraction , " Jason said the decision to partake was a no-brainer . "  I have left here many times , moving to Cincinnati , Chicago and Naples , always ending up back home in Lexington , " Jason said . "  I wanted to be a part of something that was local and also original -- this was it . Lexington is one of the few consistencies in my life and will call it home for a very long time . " While tattoos have infiltrated popular culture , to some they will always remain taboo . "  I think the stigma , at a very base level , is because the Bible tells us not to , " Gohde said . Much of the project 's backlash comes from people quoting the book of Leviticus : "  You shall not make any cuts on your body for the dead or tattoo yourselves : I am the Lord . " On the flip side , the artists say the project has galvanized pride in Lexington . "  What we hope for is to create a community of people who are connected to each other but also to Lexington , " Todorova said . The Lexington Tattoo project will premiere in the fall with a short film that highlights each tattoo ; it will also unveil a hidden image built within the circle patterns surrounding the tattoos . The final tattoo will be completed in the coming weeks . The poet 's mother-in-law will get a tattoo that says "  by Bianca Spriggs . " Would you show pride for your hometown with a tattoo ? Let us know in the comments . Follow CNN Living writer Sarah LeTrent on Twitter	248 Lexington , Kentucky , residents will be tattooed with lines from the same poem Poet Bianca Spriggs says she crafted the poem as a love letter to Lexington The Lexington Tattoo Project is being overseen by two local university professors The entire project , which includes a documentary , will be unveiled in the fall
CNN  -- The ocean water around Chatham , Massachusetts , is playing host to some unwelcome guests this holiday weekend : sharks . Only 41 unprovoked shark attacks have been reported in the U.S. since 2008 . At least one large shark sighting was confirmed Friday by Greg Skomal , shark expert for the state 's Division of Marine Fisheries . That sighting occurred off the eastern shore of Monomoy Island , a National Wildlife Refuge off the southern elbow of Cape Cod , according to Lisa Capone , Massachusetts Department of Energy and Environmental Affairs press secretary . The species , though not confirmed , was "  most likely " a great white shark , she said . The sighting came a day after Skomal reported as many as five large sharks were seen near the island , about a mile or more away from Chatham 's Lighthouse Beach , a public swimming area . Capone said Skomal was searching the area of the island Friday afternoon , though weather conditions were "  not ideal , " with fog and wind . Meanwhile , officials were advising residents and visitors to be cautious while visiting the beaches this weekend . "  It is the eve of the last holiday weekend of summer , and we want to make sure folks on the Cape are aware , " Capone said . Chatham 's Harbor Master 's office issued a public notice after the sightings Thursday , saying the waters surrounding Chatham are "  now a year-round home to a few thousand seals . " Seals are a main source of food for large sharks , and as recently as August 28 , a large shark was seen feeding on the body of a seal near Chatham 's waters , the notice said . It advised people to avoid swimming near seals . A statement issued Friday by Chatham town officials said "  beaches will be closed immediately " if a shark is sighted . Paul Zuest , general manager of the Chatham Bars Inn , said he and his staff also have been instructing their guests to be cautious . The hotel , about two miles away from where the sharks were spotted , has posted signs providing information on the sightings . George H. Burgess , director of the Florida Program for Shark Research and curator of the Florida Museum of Natural History 's International Shark Attack File , said that on average , sharks have killed four people annually worldwide for the past several years . "  The chances of us as individuals entering the sea and not coming back as a result of a shark attack are slim to none when you consider the millions upon millions of people that go into the sea each year , " he said . The museum 's shark attack file lists 41 unprovoked shark attacks in U.S. waters in 2008 , with one fatality , in California . Most of the attacks , 32 , occurred in Florida . Massachussetts has recorded only four shark attacks since 1670 , two of which have been fatal . The last fatal shark attack in Massachussetts occurred in 1936 .	Shark expert confirms at least one large shark sighting Friday Species unconfirmed , but "  most likely " was a great white , expert says As many as five large sharks were seen on Thursday near Monomoy Island Expert : On average , sharks kill about four people per year , worldwide
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- A leader of the anti-government Red Shirts has died after being wounded by a sniper 's bullet during protests last week , hospital officials confirmed Monday . Maj. Gen. Khattiya Sawasdipol was a renegade general better known as Seh Daeng , which means Red Commander . Tensions in Bangkok ramped up when Sawasdipol was shot and wounded by a sniper 's bullet Thursday . His death came after four days of clashes between anti-government protesters and security forces killed 35 people -- with 11 of those deaths occurring in sporadic fighting throughout Sunday and overnight . The Erawan Emergency Center also announced Monday that the fatalities include a soldier , the first such death since fighting broke out . The government declared a holiday Monday and Tuesday "  in order to ensure the safety of the public " after the protests paralyzed the city center . iReport : Are you there ? Send your images , video "  It 's a situation that does n't appear to be getting any better , " CNN reporter Dan Rivers said as dawn broke Monday . At least nine international embassies in Bangkok -- including the U.S. , British , Belgium , Canadian , German , Japanese , New Zealand , Swedish and Australian embassies -- said they will remain closed until Tuesday at the earliest as a result of the clashes . Meanwhile , an "  intense and fierce " gun battle broke out late Sunday in the city 's Lumpini Park , where anti-government protesters have amassed by the thousands , according to Rivers , who was near the scene . On the scene : Bangkok at boiling point The battle came hours after the Thai government called on the protesters to stop the violence , but stopped short of agreeing to a demand that the United Nations mediate between the parties . Rivers said the gunshots sounded like automatic gunfire and were punctuated by explosions . It was unclear , he said , whether the shooting came from the Thai military or the protesters . The normally bustling city was "  deadly quiet " except for the gunfire , Rivers said . "  This is not the Bangkok that I have known over the last four years . This has suddenly become a very different and much more scary place . " Also Sunday , some women and children were moved into a Buddhist temple for safety , away from the clashes . A spokesman for the Royal Thai police said a group of doctors were traveling to the temple Monday to provide medical care . The government extended its state of emergency to five more provinces , bringing the total to 22 provinces along with the Bangkok metropolitan area , spokesman Panitan Wattanayagorn said in a televised news conference . The provinces mainly are in north and northeastern Thailand , where the anti-government Red Shirts ' strongholds are located . The government has also banned financial transactions with 106 companies and individuals over the protests , Panitan said . Throughout the day Sunday , black smoke billowed and gunshots rang out in the capital 's streets , which have turned into battle zones during the bitter standoff . Nearly 240 people have been injured in the clashes since Thursday , emergency officials said . Earlier , the government said it would declare a curfew in Bangkok and that no one would be allowed in the streets , but it reversed course several hours later , saying the tense situation was under control . Minutes later , the anti-government United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship  UDD  , also known as the Red Shirts , said it was willing to negotiate an end to the unrest if troops move out of the area where protesters have amassed by the thousands for weeks . "  We ask the government to ... withdraw troops out of surrounding area , " said Natthawut Saikua of the UDD . "  We are ready to enter talks immediately by having the United Nations as mediator for this negotiation . " However , the government seemed disinclined to have the United Nations mediate . Panitan said in the news conference the Thai government has a policy of not allowing organizations to intervene in its internal affairs . The government has its own sovereignty , Panitan said , and can resolve its own problems . Panitan said the government demands that the protesters stop confronting police . "  Stop firing and enter the judicial process , " he said . "  The government has been under pressure to be more decisive in its action , " a senior Thai government official said . "  We have been showing patience and restraint . " That , he said , has upset those who want the government to take action against the protesters . What are the protests about ? The official said the Red Shirts are "  armed to the teeth " with weapons including rocket launchers , handguns and gas bombs , and accused protesters of deliberately provoking clashes with soldiers in order to get "  pictures of soldiers using violence to undermine the government . " "  If the protesters did n't have any arms , there would be no way the soldiers need to be armed , " the official said . " ... They have been rallying people to burn the town down . They have shown intent in using and causing violence  and a  willingness to follow up with that intent . In that situation government ... has to act . " The hard-core protesters "  do n't want a peace offer , " the official said . "  They do n't want a peaceful resolution to this . " While CNN reporters in Bangkok have not seen protesters using rocket launchers , it is believed they may have them . "  If the Thai army was shooting indiscriminately on the streets , there would be hundreds dead , " the senior government official said . "  That is not the case . " The official did acknowledge that there is some army shooting , however , because of high tensions . Col. Sunsern Kaewkamnerd of the Center for Resolution of Emergency Situation said soldiers have been authorized to open fire when armed people approach within a certain distance . If officials impose a curfew , men will need to register before leaving the affected area , authorities said . Demonstrators who leave before then may be exempt from charges for participating in illegal demonstrations , Sunsern said . Meanwhile , Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva said the new school term would start May 24 -- a week after the scheduled reopening on Monday -- because of the violence . During his weekly televised address Saturday , Abhisit warned that the longer the protest continues , the higher the risk for the public . Abhisit said the government 's actions were necessary to prevent Thailand from sinking into lawlessness . He said security forces and his administration are attempting to counter a small group of protesters among the opposition Red Shirts trying to foment civil war . "  The government proposed a reconciliation plan but it was rejected . This benefits no one . It only benefits a small group which wants to harm the country and lead it to civil war . It is unbelievable that they use peoples ' lives for political advantage , " he said . Protesters armed with slingshots and firecrackers huddled behind barricades of tires , spikes and poles Sunday . They set tires alight to create smokescreens as bullets flew around them . Eyewitnesses Saturday recounted stories of unarmed people being picked off . One man was shot and whisked away by emergency crews . People at the scene pointed to a building where they thought snipers were based . The escalating violence prompted the U.S. Embassy to issue a travel warning Saturday advising Americans to defer travel to Bangkok , spokeswoman Cynthia Brown said . The government said it was forced to take action after demonstrators disregarded an ultimatum by Abhisit to vacate a key intersection by Wednesday . The United Front for Democracy has been demanding that Abhisit dissolve the lower house of Parliament and call new elections . The Red Shirts support former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a 2006 bloodless military coup . But the senior government official accused Thaksin of being behind the unrest . "  This movement is fully financed , organized and paid for by Thaksin , " he said . "  At the moment , they are holding Thailand  for  ransom . " The official noted there were two pro-Thaksin governments after his ouster before Abhisit took office and insisted the current government is legitimate . CNN 's Zain Verjee , Sara Sidner and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	NEW : Maj. Gen. Khattiya Sawasdipol has died , hospital officials say More casualties brings number of dead to 35 since Thursday Government offices closed ; number of embassies shut increases Thailand extends state of emergency to five more provinces , 22 in total
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The fifth and final phase of India 's marathon general election to choose a federal government ended Wednesday . Indians voters hold up their voter ID cards at a polling station in northern India . Home to about 714 million voters , India is now due to hold a single-day vote count Saturday for 543 seats in the lower house of its parliament . India 's election commission spokesman Rajesh Malhotra told CNN that a 62 percent voter turnout was recorded in the last phase of polling Wednesday . Voting in the month-long exercise was spread across 28 states and seven federal territories . Stock markets closed 138.4 points down -- as voting drew to a close Wednesday -- apparently over fears of political uncertainty ahead . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's Congress party , which came to power in 2004 as head of a communist-backed coalition , is seeking re-election . The party mainly faces opposition from an alliance led by the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party . Watch more about one village refusing to vote " Over the years , regional parties have emerged as key players in government formation in India , creating a situation in which federal power is now shared by a coalition of groups . Last year , Singh 's Congress party lost the support of the communists , who opposed India 's civilian nuclear cooperation agreement with the United States . The party was able to survive primarily with the backing of a powerful regional party .	Voting in the month-long exercise was spread across 28 states India is scheduled to hold the vote count on Saturday Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's Congress party seeking re-election
CNN  Former rap mogul Marion "  Suge " Knight and comedian Micah "  Katt " Williams were arrested Wednesday , accused of stealing a photographer 's camera last month . The Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office said each man was charged with one count of robbery . The alleged incident , involving a female photographer of celebrities , took place September 5 outside a studio in Beverly Hills . Knight , 49 , faces up to 30 years in prison because he has a prior conviction for assault with a deadly weapon . Williams , who was arrested when he showed up at court for a different assault case , faces a maximum of seven years . Knight was arrested in Las Vegas . Prosecutors said they will ask for Knight 's bail to be set at $ 1 million and for a $ 75,000 bail for Williams , 43 . Beverly Hills Police are still investigating the case , authorities said . CNN reached out to representatives for both men Wednesday night without immediate success . Knight founded the successful Death Row Records in 1991 , signing artists such as Snoop Doggy Dogg  since then known as Snoop Dogg and Snoop Lion  and Tupac Shakur . Knight was driving the car in which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996 . Shortly afterward , Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions . That prison time -- along with Shakur 's death , feuds between Knight and a number of rappers and desertions by Dr. Dre , Snoop and others -- contributed to the label 's bankruptcy in 2006 . In August , Knight and two other people were shot while inside a celebrity-filled Sunset Strip party hosted by singer Chris Brown on the eve of the MTV Video Music Awards . Video shows man shooting ` Suge ' Knight at VMA party Williams began his career as a stand-up comic , gaining attention in 1999 for his often raunchy comedy club appearances . Television appearances on the BET network led to more success . His 2006 HBO special "  Katt Williams : Pimp Chronicles Pt .1 " raised his profile even higher . He has acted in several movies , including Eddie Murphy 's "  Norbit , " and his voice is featured in several popular cartoons , including "  The Boondocks . " CNN 's Lorenza Brascia and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	The alleged incident happened September 5 , authorities say Suge Knight could face up to 30 years in prison Katt Williams was arrested while heading to court for another case
CNN  -- They were living in hell , and Ariel Castro did all he could to make sure they 'd never escape it . He tied and chained them up , removed handles from doors and replaced them with padlocks . He rigged entrances to the house with makeshift alarms , threatened them with a gun and fed them only once a day . He covered windows to keep them out of view and sunlight out of their rooms . But Michelle Knight , Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus focused on the light at the end of the long , dark tunnel . They nurtured the faith that they would one day be free . They clung to each other . They persevered and emerged from years of hell to find new life . In their rare public appearances since , people have expressed surprise over how intact and at times cheerful they appear after all they have been through . Photos : Cleveland 's missing women Frank Ochberg , a pioneer in trauma research who testified in the case Thursday , lauded the three women 's survival and coping skills as "  marvelous , compelling examples of resilience . " Ochberg testified when Castro was sentenced to multiple lifetimes behind bars . Resilience . It 's that state of mind that allows people to survive natural disasters , wars , the loss of whole families , even torture , and keep on living and eventually , hopefully , thrive . "  It means bouncing back , " says the American Psychological Association . Knight 's ordeal On Thursday , Knight took a brave step in that direction . She endured Castro 's torment the longest . It has been said that , of the three women , she has had the roughest recovery so far . The accounts of the abuse Castro doled out to her were some of the most shocking . Photos : Evidence against Castro When he made her pregnant , he pounded her belly , the women have said , until she miscarried . He has steadily denied the accusation . She bravely walked into a Cleveland , Ohio , courtroom Thursday to face her tormenter , cast off the shackles of 11 years of his torture and sexual abuse , and wish him a life in hell . Castro kidnapped her in 2002 , when she was 21 . He tore her away from her little boy , who was age 2 at the time , for what felt like forever . "  Days never got shorter . Days turned into nights . Nights turned into days . Years turned into eternity , " she sobbed . Would your kids go home with a stranger ? As she read her prepared solemn sendoff to Castro , tears drenched her face , filling one handkerchief after the next . But she kept on . She let him know that while he descended into the depths of life in prison , she would emerge from this . "  I spent 11 years in hell , and now your hell is just beginning . I will overcome all of this that happened . From this moment on , I will not let you define me or affect who I am . " Taking hold of the situation and defining it for oneself is an important part of resilience , psychologist Rebecca Bailey told CNN 's Anderson Cooper Thursday . Knight and the others are developing "  an understanding that you can move forward past these events , " she said . They need to , so they can let go . Resilience is "  ordinary " The strength in the face of their suffering may make Berry , DeJesus and Knight seem exceptional . But most of us are capable of the same spirit , the APA says . Photos : Timeline of the kidnappings "  Research has shown that resilience is ordinary , not extraordinary . " It points as an example to the large number of Americans who lost loved ones in the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks and how they rebuilt their lives . "  Resilience is not a trait that people either have or do not have , " the APA says . "  It involves behaviors , thoughts and actions that can be learned and developed in anyone . " Some of what Knight said Thursday indicates that the three did that together . Caring relationships The most important part of resilience is to develop caring relationships , the APA says . In court Thursday , Knight credited DeJesus -- whom she shared a dark room measuring about 7 feet by 11Â 1/2 feet -- for saving her life . "  I never let her fall , and she never let me fall , " Knight said . "  She nursed me back to health when I was dying from his abuse . My friendship with Gina is the only good thing to come from this situation . " She returned the favor , at a cost to herself . She placed herself in between Castro and DeJesus , taking on physical and sexual abuse herself to protect her friend , Ochberg testified . Being the oldest , Knight often served as doctor , nurse and pediatrician for Berry and her young child . She acted as the midwife , when it was born , delivering Berry 's baby in a plastic swimming pool . Look to the future It is important to see a horrible situation as something you will get out of , the APA says . Somehow , Knight , Berry and DeJesus kept hope . As Knight said , "  We said we 'll all get out alive some day and we did . " She has said that she wants to make a life helping others who have been in her situation . She wants them to "  know that there is someone out there to lean on and to talk to . " "  I 'm looking forward to my brand new life , " she said in a statement . Keep processing The pain does not simply disappear , the APA says . It recommends writing about the feelings and thoughts attached to the trauma . The women kept diaries on their torments . It also recommends spiritual practice . Knight has turned to her belief in God to find comfort . "  Emotional pain and sadness are common in people who have suffered major adversity or trauma in their lives . In fact , the road to resilience is likely to involve considerable emotional distress , " it advises . "  They have life sentences , " said Ochberg of the girls ' emotional state . "  I think they will -- with the love and support of the whole community -- they have a good chance to live a good life . But that does n't mean that they 'll ever be free of the damage that was done , " he said . While they 're no longer locked up in the hell Castro built for them , it is still inside of them , and they may need to let some of it out . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report	Ariel Castro wanted his victims to think they could not get away They kept believing that they would ; they held together and persevered For what they 've been through , many are surprised how resilient they 've been Resilience is something most people can develop , psychologists say
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Five militants were killed in an airstrike in Pakistan 's North Waziristan region on Saturday , according to the Pakistani military . The military says it launched the strikes in order to "  flush out terrorists " in the area 's capital , Miranshah , and the village of Boya . One Pakistani soldier was was killed in the same region by an explosive device , the military said . The military launched a ground offensive in the region on June 15 in order to "  finish off " militants in the area near the Afghanistan border "  once and for all , " Pakistani Defense Minister Khawaja Asif told CNN . Hundreds of thousands of Pakistanis have fled their homes as a result of the fighting , prompting what appears to be a humanitarian crisis in the nearby city of Bannu . The region is known as a base for anti-government fighters -- including those affiliated with the Islamist Haqqani movement . At least 19 militants killed in Pakistan offensive How ISIS is overshadowing al Qaeda Pakistani newlyweds decapitated by bride 's family in honor killing CNN 's Joshua Berlinger contributed to this report .	Pakistani military launched airstrikes to "  flush out terrorists " in the area One Pakistani soldier was killed by an IED The operation in Northern Waziristan began on June 15
Foday Gallah saw the sick child was distressed and felt he had to do something . So he picked the kid up to comfort him . And with that act of kindness , the 37-year-old ambulance supervisor in Monrovia , Liberia , contracted Ebola himself . "  Of course , he got vomit all over him and that 's how he got Ebola , " said photographer Jackie Nickerson , who shot Gallah 's image for Time 's "  Person of the Year " magazine cover , which honors those on the front line of the Ebola epidemic . They 're "  the ones who answered the call , " the magazine said on its website Wednesday morning . Nickerson expanded on why Gallah was chosen for one of the magazine 's five covers : "  He 's the shining example of what the right thing to do is . He 's a shining example that we should all try to follow . He really did touch me with his story . I do n't usually like to use the word hero , but I have to use it here . " According to the latest World Health Organization figures , about 6,300 people have died from the disease , mainly in West Africa . Health workers are still battling more than 11,000 confirmed cases in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , and more than 6,000 suspected and probable cases loom , according to WHO . Though those countries mark the epicenter of the outbreak , isolated cases have spread wider , penetrating other African countries , Europe and even the United States . Time magazine 's editors decided to honor the "  unprecedented numbers " of doctors and nurses who responded when Ebola overtook an already-weak public health infrastructure , and Time Editor Nancy Gibbs outlined how governments were ill-equipped to respond , WHO "  was in denial and snarled in red tape " and first responders were accused of crying wolf as the disease spread . Yet many doctors and nurses , especially those from Doctors Without Borders and Samaritan 's Purse , responded and worked alongside local physicians , nurses , ambulance drivers and burial teams , Gibbs wrote . Some were driven by God , while others did it for country and some simply had "  the instinct to run into the fire , not away , " she wrote . "  Ebola is a war , and a warning . The global health system is nowhere close to strong enough to keep us safe from infectious disease , and ` us ' means everyone , not just those in faraway places where this is one threat among many that claim lives every day , " wrote Gibbs . She continued , "  The rest of the world can sleep at night because a group of men and women are willing to stand and fight . For tireless acts of courage and mercy , for buying the world time to boost its defenses , for risking , for persisting , for sacrificing and saving , the Ebola fighters are Time 's 2014 Person of the Year . " In addition to Gallah , the ambulance driver , Time highlighted on its cover four other Ebola fighters who worked on the ground in West Africa : -- Dr. Jerry Brown is a Liberian surgeon who converted his hospital 's chapel into one of the country 's first treatment centers . The center 's reception area , where Brown gets dressed , is a bare room , lit by a single bulb , Nickerson , the photographer , said . -- Salome Karwah is an Ebola survivor who lost both parents to the disease and undertook the task of counseling patients in Liberia . Nickerson recalled how the Doctors Without Borders caregiver appeared to be a typical young woman , dressed nicely and a little nervous about being photographed . "  But then , she put on her scrubs . ... She became very calm , a little bit introverted , " the photographer said . -- Ella Watson-Stryker is a Doctors Without Borders health promoter who has been in West Africa since March . The American was uneasy during the 10 minutes it took to shoot her photo , Nickerson said . "  She was distracted , she wanted to do other things . " -- Dr. Kent Brantly became the first American infected while running a treatment center in Monrovia . Because he is a religious man , Time shot him at his church in Fort Worth , Texas . "  Kent was working in West Africa doing a lot of hard , selfless work to help people out , " photographer Bryan Schutmaat said . Among the others considered for "  Person of the Year " honors were Russian President Vladimir Putin , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell and the protesters in Ferguson , Missouri . Other finalists included singer Taylor Swift , Chinese Internet tycoon Jack Ma , Apple CEO Tim Cook and Iraqi Kurdish leader Masoud Barzani . Pope Francis received the title in 2013 . The magazine 's readers voted for Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to receive the title , but the Time editors ' decision is based on their view of "  the person or persons who most affected the news and our lives , for good or ill , and embodied what was important about the year . "	Time names those on front lines of Ebola outbreak as the "  Person of the Year " Other possibilities were Ferguson protesters , Vladimir Putin and Roger Goodell Taylor Swift , Jack Ma , Tim Cook and Masoud Barzani were also in the running
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Chinese investors want to cash in on the country 's NBA fever with a bid to buy a 15 percent stake in the Cleveland Cavaliers . Chinese superstar Yao Ming has been linked with a switch to Cleveland if Huang 's deal goes through . Chinese-born businessman Kenny Huang is heading the deal , estimated to be worth more than $ 70 million . Huang has masterminded previous sports deals , including introducing Mandarin advertisements in the Houston Toyota Center , home of Rockets and Chinese basketball star Yao Ming . With his U.S.-based partner Marc Ganis , Huang founded SportsCorp China , a company that facilitates sports and sponsorship contracts between the United States and China . Ganis said that if the deal goes through , it would rank as the largest international sports transaction ever made by Chinese nationals . "  Simply having Chinese ownership will increase significantly the visibility of the team within China , " Ganis said . "  There will be much more coverage -LSB- of the Cavaliers -RSB- on the electronic news as well as the printed news . which means the team gets a much broader brand penetration in China for themselves , for their sponsors , and for any other business activities that they may want to engage in . " The news has already sparked excitement among China 's massive basketball fan base . "  It makes me proud that the Chinese will be working with my favorite team , " said a 14-year-old boy at Beijing 's Youth Pro Basketball Training Camp . "  It 's an honor . " At the training camp , players practice in the shadow of a giant statue of four-time NBA champion Shaquille O'Neal , who last month moved to losing Eastern Conference finalist Cleveland from Phoenix Suns . "  They 're crazy for basketball , " said the camp 's founder and former Chinese national basketball player Ma Jian . "  Basketball has probably become the number one most popular sport in China . " Ma says China 's fascination with shooting hoops stems partially from NBA efforts to promote the league in the world 's most populous nation . A minority ownership of an NBA team will take China and the NBA 's love-love relationship to the next level . "  It is a natural extension of what the NBA 's efforts have been in China , " Ganis said in an interview , "  for Chinese investors to look not just at sponsoring the NBA , not just getting athletes as endorsers of their products , but also for them to now move into ownership of NBA franchises , " The move is also expected to bolster the Cavaliers ' marketing opportunities in China , where the franchise 's merchandise is already a top seller . Some say that deal may even entice LeBron James , who has claimed he wants to be the first billion-dollar athlete , to re-sign with his hometown team next summer . James , or "  Little Emperor " as the Chinese call him , is hugely popular in China . It seems the feeling 's mutual . Playing for a team with links to China , "  should be fun , " James told Cleveland newspaper , The Plain Dealer . "  It 's a big market ; they love the game of basketball . I 've been over there the last four or five summers , and I know how much they are inspired about the game . " There 's also speculation that if the deal is finalized , the Chinese presence at Cleveland 's Quicken Loans Arena may increase by one . A move by Yao to the Cavaliers has been at the center of discussion in the Chinese bloggosphere . A Chinese forum post reads : "  I think there is around a 60 percent chance that Yao Ming will go to the Cavaliers because now the team is part-owned by Chinese investors and they will want to sign him . " "  This is all an unknown , " said Yao in the interview with his hometown Shanghai TV station . Although Yao 's recent injury may keep him off the court , it wo n't keep Chinese fans from watching the NBA -- despite speculation that his broken foot could end his career or , at the very least , keep him out of the next season . "  Despite Yao 's injury , many people in China will still be interested in basketball , " says Mang Hongche , the manager of one of Beijing 's NBA Stores . "  Yao Ming 's our favorite , but besides Yao there are also other players that we like , like Kobe and LeBron . " With Chinese basketball fans in it for the long-run , the future may see more partnerships between the NBA and China . "  In the next three to five years you will see a lot more sponsorships -LSB- with the NBA -RSB- , " Ma Jian said . "  The Kenny Huang deal and Yao Ming are just a piece driving this market . " Some analysts say there 's a possibility the NBA and China may even tie the knot by creating an NBA-CBA  Chinese Basketball Association  partnership . "  At the end of the day , the NBA is still a league , so at some point they 'll want to have a league here on the ground , " says Michael Sun , managing director of sports giant IMG . "  This is something that I 'm sure -LSB- NBA China CEO -RSB- Ted Chan thinks about every day . "	Chinese businessman hopes to buy 15 percent stake in Cleveland Cavaliers Kenny Huang is heading the deal , estimated to be worth more than $ 70 million Chinese people fanatical about basketball and national sports hero Yao Ming Further Chinese investment in the NBA is expected in the future
CNN  -- On October 12 , 2000 , a suicide bomber attacked the USS Cole as it refueled in Aden , Yemen . A rubber boat packed with explosives detonated , killing 17 and wounding at least 37 more . Ten years later the destroyer -- also known as DDG 67 -- is in port at Norfolk , Virginia , after returning just a month ago from a mission in the Gulf of Aden , according to Command Duty Officer Lt. Torsten Becker . The ship 's crew and others commemorated the 10-year anniversary Tuesday at Naval Station Norfolk . "  We lost 17 of our shipmates that terrible morning 10 years ago , but they were far more than just our sailors , " said Adm. J.C. Harvey Jr. , commander of U.S. Fleet Forces Command . "  They were your fathers , your sons and daughters , your sisters and brothers . They coached Little League . They loved to work on cars . They ran track and played football . They acted in high school plays . They loved life , they loved living and they loved you . "  They were proud to serve , " he said . " ... We remember them here in this special place , where we can keep them close . " Harvey and current Cole crew members laid a wreath before a memorial honoring those who died , after their names , rank and hometowns were read . Guests were asked to rise and "  Taps " was played . Harvey also spoke of the heroism of the Cole crew who worked for three days to save the ship and tend their injured crewmates following the explosion . They acted with no electrical power and no shipboard communication system to coordinate efforts , he said . "  The first 48 hours provided no opportunity for rest , and when they did find a moment to lay down , it was on a hot steel deck under a blazing sun , " he said . " ... They were on their own , and what help there was , was far away . " "  Ask any of our Cole sailors today about their actions during the fight to save the ship and I believe they 'll all tell you the same thing -- ` We were U.S. Navy sailors , and we did what we had to do . We just did our jobs . ' "  No greater testament exists to the courage and tenacity of the Cole crew of October 2000 than the USS Cole today , " he said . "  We brought Cole back , healed her wounds and made her ready to serve once again , just as we did with so many of the Cole sailors who were also so grievously wounded that day . " The Navy has made changes in the decade since the incident , he said . Recruits must now undergo a drill on the same type of boat as the Cole , where they must put out fires , battle flooding and tend to wounded people -- very like what the Cole crew did following the blast . The bomb blast 10 years ago ripped a 40-by-60-foot hole in the side of the ship , according to the U.S. Navy . Over 14 months , shipyard workers in Pascagoula , Mississippi , replaced 550 tons of steel plate and 275 miles of cable . After $ 250 million of repairs and updates , the Cole returned to duty in April 2002 . Glass cases on board the USS Cole display three American flags to commemorate the terrorist attack , according to the U.S. Navy . The first is the flag that was flying when the attack occurred . Another draped the coffin of a fallen crew member . The third was flown upon the ship 's first return to the Gulf of Aden after the attack . A plaque commemorates the victims , and the deck is inlaid with 17 stars to serve as reminders of those who died . "  I used to play a little game with myself : say all their names every time I stepped on a star , " said Daren Jones , one of 40 sailors who were on board during the attack and served with the renovated vessel 's crew of 350 . "  I think it sends a message of what kind of country we have and what we 're willing to do to keep our ships back at sea , " Jones told CNN in 2002 when the ship redeployed . In December 2000 , an investigation found that the USS Cole had not fully implemented its security plan the day of the attack . "  They did n't do everything they said they were going to do , " a Pentagon official familiar with the investigation told CNN then . The Cole was operating under an alert level that warns of "  an increased and more predictable threat of terrorist activity " but with no particular target . That threat condition calls for a standard list of anti-terrorism measures , including one that requires that "  unauthorized craft should be kept away from the ship . " The blast occurred when a small boat that appeared to be friendly pulled up alongside the Cole and exploded . In an online video , "  USS Cole 10 Years Later , " the Navy touts improved security measures resulting from the Cole attack . "  The attack of the Cole prompted a shift in damage control training throughout the Navy , " the narration reads . And when recruits train in "  mass casualty , " clocks are set at 11:18 , time the USS Cole was attacked . Meanwhile , the Cole 's legacy can still be felt on board today , said Becker , who had just joined the Navy at the time of the attack but was not yet stationed on the Cole . "  We 're just more situation-aware on the anti-terrorism portion of it , " he said . Becker recalled his feelings when the Navy assigned him to the Cole : "  It was a surreal feeling knowing what it had gone through . " In his latest deployment aboard the ship , Becker helped rout out pirates in the Gulf of Aden , which bears the name of the port in the attack . "  Initially it was kind of unusual , " Becker said . "  But once we got down to business , it  the attack  was not on the forefront . " Terrorism emanating from Yemen remains a major threat to the United States , according to a recent assessment by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  American analysts now consider al Qaeda 's affiliate organization in Yemen a more pressing threat to U.S. national security than the central leadership as the Yemen-based outfit is increasingly agile and looking for opportunities to strike abroad , " the report said .	NEW : Wreath laid at memorial during ceremony NEW : USS Cole crew praised for efforts to save ship , crewmates Flags , a plaque and 17 stars commemorate those who died The U.S. Navy touts improved security measures
Los Angeles  CNN  -- It was a public relations battle featuring two well-known masters of the media , a beauty queen , and a controversial question : Should someone born a man be allowed to compete in the Miss Universe pageant ? On the East Coast was Donald Trump , the New York business tycoon whose fortune and brand is boosted by his ability to navigate storms of controversy . On the West Coast was Gloria Allred , a Beverly Hills lawyer legendary for her ability to draw hordes of cameras to her law office to capture her outrage over alleged injustices done to her clients . The client is Jenna Talackova , a 23-year-old , 6-foot-1-inch blond Canadian , who underwent sexual reassignment surgery four years ago . Talackova won a regional beauty crown qualifying her for Canada 's national title , but she was then told the Miss Canada Universe pageant in Toronto on May 19 was only open to "  naturally born females . " "  I am a woman , " Talackova said in a prepared statement she read to reporters in Allred 's conference room Tuesday . "  I was devastated and I felt that excluding me for the reason that they gave was unjust . " Allred attacked Trump , who owns and controls the Miss Universe franchise , for questioning Talackova 's sexuality . "  She did not ask Mr. Trump to prove that he is a naturally born man or to see photos of his birth to view his anatomy to prove that he was male , " Allred said . How she became a female is not important , she said . "  The Miss Universe competition is designed to find the one person in the world whose human qualities make them worthy of the Miss Universe crown and title , " Allred said . "  Jenna is beautiful in every way . Her life story will undoubtedly inspire people throughout the world . " Talackova , in a 2010 interview , said she knew she was a girl at age 4 . She said she started hormone therapy at age 14 and underwent sexual reassignment surgery at 19 . Trump , warned of Allred 's attack when the lawyer alerted reporters Monday afternoon that she would hold the news conference , shifted his pageant 's position in an announcement Monday night . Talackova could compete provided "  she meets the legal gender recognition requirements of Canada , and the standards established by other international competitions , " the Miss Universe Organization said . Trump 's maneuver did n't appear to temper Allred 's outrage . "  The last-minute statement by Mr. Trump 's representative put out late yesterday only confuses the issue , " she said . "  Instead of stating clearly that Jenna will be allowed to compete , Mr. Trump qualifies it by adding conditions that are ambiguous . " She asked Trump for "  a clear answer -- not a wimpy , wishy-washy type of answer -- but something that we can take to the bank . " Allred did n't know it then , but Trump gave a clearer statement to CNN in New York two hours earlier . "  We went by the laws of Canada and the laws of the United States , and those laws say that she should be allowed to enter the pageant , " Trump said . "  So she will be entering the Miss Canada pageant . " When read Trump 's new statement , Allred paused for several seconds and said "  I stand by my statement . We want this rule eliminated . " "  We want a clearer statement that this rule will be eliminated , " Allred said . "  Step up , say it loudly , say it clearly , this rule will never be in effect again for anyone . " Allred declined to have Talackova react to Trump 's decision to let her compete . "  Sorry , " Talackova whispered to a reporter , apologizing for her silence . Allred would not say if her client still intended to compete in the pageant . Controversy over pageant rules is not new for Trump . The media stir over Miss California Carrie Prejean 's same-sex marriage comments at Trump 's Miss USA pageant three years ago raised the profile of that competition . Prejean , in response to a question from a judge , declared her opposition to same-sex marriage . Trump initially said Prejean could keep her Miss California title despite a controversy over topless photos , missed appearances and her statements against same-sex marriage . He eventually fired her for "  contract violations , " including missed public appearances . Allred has affected more than beauty contests . She hosted several news conferences in 2010 to reveal evidence that Meg Whitman , who was then the Republican nominee for governor of California , employed an undocumented worker . The October surprise hampered Whitman 's campaign at a crucial time in her race against Jerry Brown , who won the election . CNN 's Doug Hyde contributed to this report .	"  She should be allowed to enter the pageant , " Miss Universe owner Donald Trump says Contestant 's lawyer : "  We want this rule eliminated " "  I am a woman , " contestant Jenna Talackova says Officials previously disqualifed the transgender woman from Miss Canada Universe
New York  CNN  -- Hugh Jackman got a bit more of a workout this weekend than he bargained for . A woman allegedly screamed "  I love you " as she chased the actor with an electric razor while he was at a New York City gym Saturday , police and Jackman 's publicist say . "  He was more alarmed than scared , " publicist Alan Nierob told CNN Sunday . Jackman thought the woman was grabbing for a weapon , he said . Manhattan resident Katherine Thurston , 47 , was charged with stalking Jackman , according to New York Police spokesman Sgt. Tom Antonetti . Thurston could not be reached immediately for comment , and it was not immediately clear whether she is being represented by an attorney . Jackman has seen the woman before outside of his home and his daughter 's school , Nierob said . Police interviewed Jackman and a witness at Gotham Gym . They told police the woman took out the razor inside the gym and followed Jackman "  for an extended period of time . " Mike Castle , a trainer at Gotham Gym , saw Thurston enter the facility . She was crying as she slipped past the check-in desk , he said , and headed straight toward Jackman . "  The razor fell out of her hands when I stepped in between them , " Castle said . Jackman asked Thurston not to touch him , Antonetti said . She left after security arrived but was later apprehended on the street . Hugh Jackman 's sweet business deal Jackman had the situation under control , Castle said . "  He 's  a super nice guy . " The actor was nominated for an Oscar for his role as Jean Valjean in the 2012 film "  Les Misérables . " He won a Golden Globe for best performance by an actor in a musical or comedy motion picture for that same role . The "  X-Men " star will appear next in "  The Wolverine , " which is expected to release this summer . Overheard backstage at the Oscars CNN 's Chris Kokenes reported from New York ; CNN 's Jacque Wilson reported from Atlanta .	NEW : Stalking suspect screamed "  I love you " as she chased Hugh Jackman , publicist says A New York woman was arrested and charged with stalking actor Hugh Jackman Jackman told NYPD that the woman displayed an electric razor and followed him Woman left after being approached by security but was apprehended later
Phnom Penh , Cambodia  CNN  -- Late one night , after dark , we met up with Don Brewster -- head of Agape International Missions , an NGO fighting child prostitution -- to go behind the scenes at Cambodia 's KTVs : karaoke clubs that are fronts for brothels . I threw on some jeans and tried to look like a tourist who was up for a kinky kind of tour , with my ersatz "  boyfriend " -- our cameraman , Scott . Don drove us first to an out of the way small side street , where there were tiny KTVs operating out in the open like cheap brothels . Girls sat on plastic chairs lining the entrance , all painted up and wearing short skirts , high heels and fake smiles . We walked past a few , stopping to talk for a little while . The girls would stand up , becoming energized and engaged . We crossed the street and approached another one , as if we were sampling the wares at each one . We walk into a KTV ; Scott and Don lead the way into the karaoke rooms . I become less nervous as we walk to the back where an overweight young woman frantically sweeps the kitchen floor , and we are pointed up some cement and metal stairs . We pass hallways full of closed doors , in which I can only imagine the sex acts occur . We are brought into a low ceilinged , dank room with some disgusting couches and a video screen on one wall . I am overwhelmed with the saturated smell of air freshener that apparently has gone off like an insect fogger in this room -- to cover what odor , who knows . I nearly gag and we beat a quick path out of there . We hop back into the car and head off . Next stop : a famous 5-storied fortress of a KTV with armed guards outside . Don says if we take the elevator up from the basement , we can skip the bar and go straight to the "  massage " floor . On the fifth floor we are immediately led to a giant windowed "  fishbowl " where at least 20 girls sit on bleacher to be observed and picked . Scott walks in front of the pane ; they respond to his macho energy , rising and preening . I have my iPhone in hand and itching to take a picture when suddenly things go horribly sideways : A white-clad girl in the bowl suddenly jumps up and starts screaming "  She take a picture !! " She runs into the lobby and a grim-faced Mama-san bustles up to us . The girl crowds us and accuses me ; more people start to gather . My friends advise me to erase the picture -- but I have n't taken any ! I try and stand my ground and keep saying , "  I did n't take a picture . " But I am becoming very nervous and the situation is getting ugly . We hustle back onto the elevator . We were lucky to get out of there without running into the security guys , because there could have been real trouble . But their behavior absolutely cemented the fact that something illegal , beyond legal-aged prostitution is going on there . They were acting like they had far too much to lose . We head to another KTV , this one still upscale but less fortress-like than the last . Paintings of the cosmos line the ceiling in the lobby . We were ushered in and led us upstairs to karaoke room where hostesses in satin , beaded formal dresses greet us . The large and comfortable room had a giant screen on one wall and couches lining the other three walls . Colored lights pulse and change on the walls . An older woman walked in five girls dressed in fairly classy though sexy business suits , for us to take our pick of whom we would like to stay with us . Scott , fully playing the part , roars out in his New Zealand accent , "  You have anything younger , fresher ?! " The girls scurry out in a hurry . Then more girls enter . These definitely seem younger . They are also more provocatively dressed ; they are wearing very short little black dresses . Don picks one , and so does Scott and the two join us ; the karaoke starts in earnest . I must sing with gusto to justify my presence , otherwise what is this white lady doing here ? We sit there and begin to get their life stories . The young girl sitting next to me , the one Scott chose , is extremely pretty . It is impossible to tell how old she is -- she claims to be 21 , I would believe it if she was 14 . She says she does n't come from Phnom Penh , and she is working here because her family is very poor and needs the money . Her family does n't know what kind of work she is doing , she said . If they find out , they will be angry with her . She has a very pretty smile , but there are moments when I watch her where the smile disappears , and she looks very sad . She chooses to sing a song from the Karaoke catalog , a popular dance hit in Khmer , which has a video of a singer performing in front of what looks to be an American style high school dance , again like a prom . I am told the song is called "  Only One Virginity "  !  and it talks about how a girl is like a flower , and only has the one time where she has most value . Our young acquaintance sings her heart out , very intently performing if not always tunefully . Afterwards she tells me that she very specifically picked this one out , and that she wishes that she will meet a man that will go to her parents and ask for her hand , respect her . I try to get her to talk about what men expect from her here , but it does n't go very far . I see that Don has been very busy with the girl he invited to stay , showing her a video on his iPhone in which a girl from his center talks about how she was able to leave a KTV and now has a job that she is excited about and is much happier . She was very intrigued by the video and she gave him her cellphone number so the girl from the video could call her and follow up . I passed his iPhone to our young companion . Thankfully , the hostesses did not seem to mind or care that we were doing this ; the whole room was on security cameras poised in the corners but no one came in and stopped us . She watched and listened to the video very intently . Afterwards she said she liked it . "  I know it is hard to trust us , strangers , " I told her . "  But I am a mom  and I showed her pictures of my four happy children and me hugging my two daughters  and I would n't want my kids in a situation like this . " She did n't give her number , but we told her it was okay , Don 's outreach person would call her friend and we gave her Don 's card . I impressed on her that this was opportunity knocking on her door , and she should answer it : this was her chance for a happier life . We hugged goodbye , and went back to the cars . I had no idea that I was going to be involved in trying to recruit girls to leave the KTV life and receive the services of Don 's NGO . What a night .	Mira Sorvino takes a behind the scenes look at Cambodia 's child sex trade Karaoke bars are often fronts for prostitution in Phnom Penh , the country 's capital When a club hostess is asked to bring in younger girls , she obliges Girls are shown messages from others who escaped life from these covert brothels
London  CNN  -- Scientists are to sequence the entire genome of Richard III -- the King found buried beneath an English car parking lot -- in an attempt to discover once and for all what the long-missing monarch really looked like . Experts hope the project will reveal the color of Richard 's hair and eyes , and uncover the genetic markers for any health conditions he suffered , or might have been at risk of , had he not been killed , aged just 32 , at the Battle of Bosworth in 1485 . "  It should give us an insight into his genetic make-up , his predisposition to disease , " said Turi King , the geneticist who will lead the genome project . King , who carried out the DNA tests on the bones , proving their royal identity , said she was particularly keen "  to see whether or not Richard was predisposed towards scoliosis , for example . " If the tests succeed , they should enable historians to tell just how accurate portraits of the controversial King are , and give them an insight into whether pro-Tudor propaganda in the decades after his death meant he was painted in a deliberately unflattering light . "  There are no contemporary portraits of Richard , " said King . "  All the portraits that exist post-date his death by about 40 to 50 years onwards . So it 's going to be interesting to see what the genetic information provides in relation to what we know from the portraits . " Richard III is best known as the hunchbacked anti-hero of Shakespeare 's play , whose physical deformities echo his villainous nature , and who is blamed for the murder of his nephews , the princes in the tower , but many modern historians believe that image is exaggerated , and have sought to rehabilitate his reputation . He will be the first known historical figure to have his genes studied in this way ; scientists have previously sequenced the genomes of Oetzi the Iceman , a number of Neanderthals , and most recently a hunter-gatherer from Spain . Sequencing the first human genome took 13 years and cost about $ 3 billion ; now it can be done for a fraction of that cost , in a matter of hours . Read more : Body found under parking lot is King Richard III Richard 's remains were found under a parking lot in Leicester in 2011 , by archaeologists from the city 's university looking for the lost Grey Friars church . Their announcement in February 2012 that the almost-complete skeleton they had uncovered -- featuring a strikingly curved spine and deadly battle wounds -- was that of a king missing for more than 500 years ignited worldwide interest . But it also sparked controversy : An argument over where the bones will be reburied -- in Leicester , close to where they were found , or in York , which some supporters believe would have been Richard 's choice -- has developed into a lengthy and bitter legal battle , with no end in sight . Wherever is eventually chosen as Richard 's final resting place , the genome project will ensure the king leaves behind a lasting scientific legacy . "  Once he is reinterred , everything is reinterred , " said King . "  The bones , the samples , everything . We ca n't keep anything , and that 's the reason for doing this now , while we can . We have the technology , so this opportunity has come along at the right time . " Once completed , the full details of Richard 's genome will be published online , offering historians and scientists intriguing research opportunities . "  As we know more and more about which genes are responsible for what , we can keep going back to check for evidence , " King said , adding that experts should be able to look for clues to everything from curly hair and obesity to lactose intolerance and heart disease . King said there was even the possibility , in future , of discovering clues to Richard 's temperament . Read more : Richard III - the mystery of the king and the car park Members of the public will also be able to access the genome , and even compare it to their own genome to see if they share a genetic link with the last Plantagenet king . "  We 're all related to Richard III , it 's simply a matter of degree , " said King , "  But some people would love DNA evidence of that link , and this will mean they can check for matches , " though she cautioned that a genetic link is not the be-all and end-all of proving a royal family tie . "  Accurate documented genealogy is more proof of relatedness than DNA , but people see DNA as a kind of magic bullet to prove everything , " she said . One man who has both is Michael Ibsen , Richard III 's closest living relative . King will also be sequencing Ibsen 's genome , to look for any other genetic similarities between the pair -- aside from the matching mitochondrial DNA which allowed her to positively identify the Leicester remains as those of the long-dead English ruler . "  Theoretically , Michael Ibsen and Richard should not be genetically related any other way -- apart from the mitochondrial DNA -- after so much time , but it will be really interesting to see if there are other similarities , " King said . The project , which is expected to cost about $ 165,000  Â # 100,000  , is being jointly funded by the Wellcome Trust , the Leverhulme Trust and Alec Jeffreys , the scientist who developed genetic fingerprinting , and who , like King , is a professor of genetics at the University of Leicester . It will be carried out in Leicester and at the University of Potsdam in Germany . So could the controversial King ever be cloned ? The experts insist that would be impossible -- for a host of reasons -- "  you ca n't clone anything from fragmentary DNA , " says King . "  Practically , you ca n't -- and morally , you ca n't , " insists Dr. Dan O'Connor , head of medical humanities at the Wellcome Trust . "  It 's a whole different ethical issue . "	Scientists announce plans to sequence the entire genome of King Richard III Monarch 's remains were found buried beneath a parking lot in English city of Leicester in 2011 Tests may reveal Richard III 's eye and hair color , and predisposition to certain diseases Genome sequencing to be carried out before skeleton and samples are controversially reburied
CNN  -- If Barack Obama is re-elected on November 6 , he will owe more to his first lady than any president ever to win a second term . On Tuesday night in Charlotte , North Carolina , Michelle Obama gave one of the finest speeches ever delivered at a national political convention . More important , it could have more impact on the immediate future of the country than her husband 's celebrated 2004 keynote address to the Democratic National Convention in Boston . Why ? Her speech tied the Obamas ' personal stories directly to the lives of millions of voters struggling not to be the first generation of Americans unable to offer hope of greater opportunities to their children than they had , thus drawing a contrast with Mitt Romney as an unnamed but unmistakable caricature of privilege without shading her talk with negativity or animosity . What candidates ' wives are telling us In fact the overall emotion , and there was far more real as opposed to rhetorical emotion than any speech at this level in memory , was a feeling rarely conveyed in our political language today -- love . The first lady was not afraid to use the word love openly and often , in relation to working people of all classes , armed services families , immigrants , parents and especially to her husband and her children . And she was not afraid to show an emotional connection to her words in a performance that was as remarkable for its passion and sincerity as for its many quotable lines . First family watches Like humor , authentic feeling is risky business in historic addresses , but the rewards can be a level of connection and a sense of strength deeper than any amount of lectern-pounding can drive home . But while these qualities , like the many others now being cited by commentators of all beliefs and backgrounds , help explain why the first lady 's speech already has a place in the history books , they do not explain why it may actually change what will be written in them . Should that occur , it will be because almost for the first time in four years , she single-handedly brought Democrats to tears and to their feet at the idea of Barack Obama as president of the United States . Insiders ' views from the DNC Because however much the Obama campaign seeks to deny it , the fact is that the priorities , conduct and accomplishments of the Obama administration have been a disappointment to many Democrats . Some have said that Obama 's political high-water mark might have been election night of 2008 . Now four years later , he finds himself having to reinspire millions of citizens who feel that for too long he sought too many accommodations with those who did so much damage and who have always sought to destroy him . Michelle Obama has redefined black women Tuesday night , his wife with the singular American title of first lady may have opened a path for her husband back into the hearts of those who had such high hopes for his audacity . It will be up to him whether to choose change over comity when a leader can not have both , and win the opportunity to give a second inaugural address that will be better than his first , as perhaps a second term may be more successful on more fronts than his first . For as Mrs. Obama reminded the nation Tuesday night , "  Being president does n't change who you are . ... It reveals who you are . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gordon Stewart .	Gordon Stewart : If Barack Obama is re-elected , he will owe much to his first lady Stewart : Michelle Obama gave one of the finest speeches ever at a political convention He says first lady was not afraid to use the word love , rarely conveyed in politics Stewart : She may have opened a path for her husband back into voters ' hearts
CNN  -- Yahoo misled Congress regarding information the Internet company gave to Chinese authorities about the journalist Shi Tao , Democratic Rep. Tom Lantos said Tuesday . Yahoo officials have been asked to testify before a House committee in November about a Chinese journalist 's case . Lantos , a California representative and chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , asked Yahoo Inc. officials to testify about the company 's role in a case that sent Chinese newspaper writer and editor Shi to prison on a 10-year sentence . Lantos asked Yahoo Chief Executive Officer Jerry Yang and Senior Vice President and General Counsel Michael Callahan to appear November 6 . "  Our committee has established that Yahoo provided false information to Congress in early 2006 , " Lantos said in a written statement . "  We want to clarify how that happened , and to hold the company to account for its actions both before and after its testimony proved untrue . And we want to examine what steps the company has taken since then to protect the privacy rights of its users in China . " The newspaper reporter had posted information under a pseudonym on an overseas Web site called Democracy Forum about a government crackdown on media and democracy activists , Lantos said . Shi was later arrested in his home in Beijing after Yahoo gave Chinese authorities information about his e-mail account , his computer address , his log-on history and the contents of several weeks of his e-mail , Lantos said . Lantos said a Yahoo official testified last year that the company knew nothing "  about the nature of the investigation " of Shi , a pro-democracy activist now serving time on what Lantos called "  trumped-up charges . " "  We have now learned there is much more to the story than Yahoo let on , and a Chinese government document that Yahoo had in their possession at the time of the hearing left little doubt of the government 's intentions , " said Republican Rep. Chris Smith of New Jersey . "  U.S. companies must hold the line and not work hand in glove with the secret police . " In a written statement , Yahoo spokeswoman Tracy Schmaler said Yahoo representatives have been truthful with Congress . He called the House committee 's accusation "  grossly unfair " and said it "  mischaracterizes the nature and intent of our past testimony . " During a February 2006 subcommittee hearing on limits to freedom on the Internet in China , Lantos and Smith questioned Callahan about Shi . Callahan testified to the subcommittee that Yahoo handed over the information to Chinese authorities at a time when it knew nothing about the investigation , Lantos said . But the San Francisco , California-based human-rights group The Dui Hua Foundation released documents in July indicating police in China had written to Yahoo saying they were seeking evidence about Shi for illegally "  providing state secrets to foreign entities , " a charge frequently levied against political dissidents in China . "  This new documentation suggests that Yahoo 's Beijing office was at least aware of the general nature of the crime being investigated in the Shi Tao case , " said Joshua Rosenzweig , manager of research and publications for The Dui Hua Foundation . Even if Yahoo was unaware of the specific circumstances of the Chinese government 's inquiry , "  One does not have to be an expert in Chinese law to know that ` state secrets ' charges have often been used to punish political dissent in China , " said Rosenzweig . Shi has appealed his 10-year sentence for divulging state secrets , saying he did not know the information he shared was classified . He accused the police of using improper procedures in the investigation and arrest . In addition , he has filed suit in U.S. federal court against Yahoo and its Hong Kong-based subsidiary . Yahoo 's spokeswoman said the company is working with other companies and the human rights community "  to develop a global code of conduct for operating in countries around the world , including China . " E-mail to a friend	Democratic Rep. Tom Lantos : "  More to the story than Yahoo let on " Yahoo officials testified to Congress in 2006 about Chinese journalist Shi Tao posted info on a democracy Web site and was later arrested Before Shi Tao 's arrest , Yahoo gave Chinese government his e-mail information
Bravo 's "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " cast is supporting one of its own through a devastating loss . On Tuesday , Sharon Tucker , the mother of cast member Todd Tucker and mother-in-law to "  RHOA " star Kandi Burruss , died after suffering a stroke the day before . Viewers of "  RHOA " came to know Miss Sharon , as she was called on the series , while watching her son Todd develop a relationship with Burruss . During one unfortunate altercation , Miss Sharon was seen defending her son to Burruss ' mother , Joyce . Todd and Burruss went on to marry in April , and through it all it was clear how close Todd was with his mother . "  I lost my partner , my ride or die my best friend ! " Todd posted on Instagram Tuesday . "  I do n't know what to do ? I 'm lost ! My heart hurts so much ! She was a fighter , a warrior for her son ! It was me and her against the world ! She 's in a better place !! Mom I love you to death ! Rest in peace ! " Burruss shared a message of her own in the wake of Sharon Tucker 's death Tuesday , saying that she was still in shock . "  Sharon was the best mother in-law ! She was fun , energetic , loving , & caring . I loved how she liked to get up & go all the time . She would get you in check one minute & give you a hug the next minute , " Burruss wrote . "  I 'm so sad for  Todd  because they were so close ... He talked to her every morning & all thru out the day , every day . It 's hard losing people that you love but when it 's out of the blue with no warning it just makes it that much harder . " As Burruss and her husband grieve , they have the support of their "  RHOA " co-stars . "  My prayers are with The Tucker family tonight ! Todd your Mother Miss Sharon was a beautiful soul & so loving she will be missed , " "  RHOA 's " Porsha Williams shared on Instagram . "  I am deeply saddened by the news of  Todd 's  mother Sharon 's untimely passing . I enjoyed every moment that I spent with her , " wrote Cynthia Bailey . And to Todd : "  May the comfort of God be with you and your family during this difficult time . "	Sharon Tucker , the mother of Atlanta cast member Todd Tucker , has died Todd Tucker wrote : "  I lost my partner , my ride or die my best friend ! " Burruss also expressed her sadness online : "  It 's hard losing people that you love ... "
CNN  -- It may seem like a simple soup-based dish , but Japanese ramen can be surprisingly complex . To chart its different flavors is to embark on a journey along a road of influences and regional variations that has more twists and tangles than a mouthful of noodles . Sure , there are the basic four ramen styles . There 's Shoyu with its heavy soy sauce seasoning ; it 's lighter version , shio ; miso made with salty dollops of fermented soy beans ; and tonkotsu , made by cooking pork bones overnight until the soup is creamy-white . Venture out into the far reaches of the country , however , and the ingredients change -- what started as a simple four can now be categorized into dozens of local styles . Ramen emerged as a national food trend in post-war Japan as a growing train network took tourists to the country 's far reaches , where they soon began sampling local dishes . Tokyoites raved about what they were finding on their weekend jaunts , demanding more and ramen shops were quick to cash in . Hokkaido 's miso ramen Nowhere did this with as much success as Sapporo , on the northern island of Hokkaido . It was here that in 1955 a customer asked the chef at one eatery , Aji no Sanpei  Daimaru Fujii Sentral Building 4/F ; +81 11 231 0377  to put noodles into his miso soup . Miso ramen was born . Over the years , the soup got thicker , the curly , yellow noodles were perfected and their popularity spread across the island . Today , there are miso ramen shops across the country that owe their success to essentially what was an accident . The most famous shops in Sapporo still pull in lines down the street . Asahikawa 's shoyu ramen Not all ramen in Hokkaido is miso . Just a 90 minute express train ride northeast of Sapporo is Asahikawa , a town with enough ramen shops in the vicinity of the station to warrant an official ramen map . A completely different style from Sapporo , Asahikawa 's soup is a hearty shoyu ramen , with a broth made from pork and chicken bones , then mixed with a seafood concoction . The style did n't catch on like miso , and most ramen hunters have to head to the source to sample a good bowl . The shops credited with inventing the style , Hachiya  5-Jodori , 7 Chome , Asahikawa-shi , Hokkaido ; +81 16 623 3343  and Aoba  Nijo Building 1/F , 2-Jodori 8 Chome , Asahikawa-shi , Hokkaido ; +81 166 23 2820  are still doing business . Muroran 's curry ramen While Sapporo and Asahikwa ramen gained popularity through word of mouth , the city of Muroran took a more strategic approach . After deciding that an unusual curry ramen created in 1965 by local shop Aji no Dai O  Chuocho 2-9-3 , Muroran-shi , Hokkaido ; +81 143 23 3434  had failed to get the attention it deserved , the city in 2006 formed the official Muroran Curry Ramen Group to promote its wares . It worked . Muroran now boasts the fourth most popular ramen recipe in Hokkaido  number three is Hakodate 's simple shio ramen  . Kyushu 's tonkotsu ramen Another immensely popular style is tonkotsu from Kyushu in southwestern Japan . Simmering pork bones for days on end yields two results : a stench somewhere between fine cheese and old socks , and a creamy , delicious soup . Tonkotsu owes its creation to another happy accident . In 1947 a chef at Sankyu , a restaurant in the city of Kurume , accidentally left a pot of pork bones on high heat for much too long . The result was surprisingly tasty . Tonkotsu ramen quickly spread around the island of Kyushu , with two other towns , Kumamoto and Hakata , adapting this style with their own twists . In Hakata , food carts known as yatai embody the local ramen spirit . Set up daily along the rivers in the Tenjin district , these no-nonsense stands serve bowls of milky-white soup from the time the sun goes down until well into the morning . Kyushu 's Kumamoto ramen Kumamoto ramen , though sharing the same roots as Hakata , is made by mixing in a touch of chicken stock and about two fistfuls of garlic . The garlic comes in the form of a black oil called mayu , as well as fried garlic chips served table-side . Like its cousin in Hakata , Kumamoto ramen is a late night specialty . Tokyo 's trends Of course , Tokyo is a key player in regional ramen styles . It 's the ramen battleground of Japan , where new shops open and close daily . Although the hope of kicking off a new ramen trend is quite strong , most outlets stick to the roots of Tokyo ramen -- shoyu , often flavored with niboshi . Niboshi are dried sardines that give the broth a slightly bitter , fishy taste . Mixed with a soy base , it 's similar to Chinese recipes but traces its roots to Ogikubo , an area just 10 minutes from Tokyo 's busy business center . The original Ogikubo ramen has spawned countless copies , but its 1931 creator , a shop called Harukiya  1-4-6 Kamiogi , Suginami-ku , Tokyo-to ; +81 33 391 4868  , still has lines down the block on the weekend . Shoyu variations Tokyo is n't alone when it comes to shoyu ramen , although there are , of course , regional variations . Aomori in the north adds copious amounts of niboshi . Kitakata , a city in the west of Fukushima , does a lighter-than-average shoyu that finds its way onto the breakfast table in many homes . Nagoya adds spicy hot peppers and calls it Taiwan Ramen . Onomichi in Hiroshima prefecture dumps mounds of pork back fat onto theirs . Even Hachioji , a city less than 30 minutes from Ogikubo , makes their own style of ramen by adding freshly diced onions into the mix . It does n't stop there . New styles are constantly being created and forgotten as chefs try to conjure up the next big thing . Just when you think you 've tasted them all , there 's always one more bowl to try ... More ramen recommendations : Aji no Dai O , 138-3 Uenae , +81 144 58 3333 Kiraku , Dogenzaka 2-17-6 , Shibuya-ku , Tokyo-to , +81 33 461 2032 Tengaiten , Anseimachi 2-15 , Chuo-ku , Kumamoto-shi , Kumamoto-Ken ; +81 96 354 8458 Brian Mac is a foodie who makes a living performing in children 's events around Japan . A San Francisco native , he 's called Japan home since 2006 , and has ventured to almost 1,000 different ramen shops . Read more on his blog , Ramen Adventures .	Started as a simple four -- shoyu , shio , tonkotsu and miso , ramen grows into dozens of local styles Not all ramen in Hokkaido is miso but there are also shoyu ramen from Asahikawa and curry ramen from Muroran Every sunset , ramen carts are set up along the rivers in Tenjin , Kyushu , selling pork-bone ramen till the next morning
CNN  -- Actress Demi Moore said Thursday she plans to divorce Ashton Kutcher . "  It is with great sadness and a heavy heart that I have decided to end my six-year marriage to Ashton , " Moore , 49 , said in a statement . "  As a woman , a mother and a wife there are certain values and vows that I hold sacred , and it is in this spirit that I have chosen to move forward with my life , " she said . "  This is a trying time for me and my family , and so I would ask for the same compassion and privacy that you would give to anyone going through a similar situation . " Kutcher , 33 , currently stars in "  Two and a Half Men . " The prolific Twitter user sent a message Thursday afternoon : "  I will forever cherish the time I spent with Demi . Marriage is one of the most difficult things in the world and unfortunately sometimes they fail . Love and Light , AK " The couple started the Demi & Ashton Foundation  DNA  to combat the international sexual slavery trade . Moore and Kutcher began dating in 2003 and married in September 2005 . It was the first time to tie the knot for Kutcher , the third for Moore . Before Bruce Willis , Moore was married to rock musician Freddy Moore . CNN 's Jack Hannah and Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher are divorcing Actress releases statement Sometimes marriages fail , Kutcher tweets
New York  CNN  -- Despite reports that seven state government workers held the winning $ 319 million ticket in the Mega Millions lottery , as of Sunday , no one had come forward to claim the prize , a New York Lottery spokeswoman said . The lottery drawing was held Friday night . Last-minute ticket sales increased the jackpot from $ 312 million to $ 319 million , the New York Lottery said . The winning ticket was bought at Coulson 's News Central in Albany , New York . The winners were seven IT specialists from New York 's Housing and Community Renewal , according to Emanuel Biondi , public employees federation council leader for the agency . He did n't disclose any other details . New York Lottery spokeswoman Carolyn Hapeman said she could not confirm that report . If the winners chose the cash option when buying the ticket , they will receive a one-time , lump-sum payment of $ 202.9 million . That amount reflects all the cash in the Mega Millions pool and is the sixth-largest jackpot in its history , according to Hapeman . It 's also the single largest sole jackpot-winning ticket ever for Mega Millions sold in New York , she said . Friday night 's winning numbers were 22 , 24 , 31 , 52 and 54 . The Mega Ball number was 4 . Those holding the winning ticket will be able to collect the prize money Monday morning in the Schenectady , New York , office , Hapeman said . Mega Millions is played in 42 states and is the biggest jackpot game in the country , according to the lottery . CNN 's Deborah Brunswick contributed to this report .	Officials wo n't confirm report that seven state employees hold the winning ticket The ticket was bought at a store in Albany , New York It 's the single largest winning ticket for Mega Millions sold in the state
What you eat after a workout matters ! A smoothie with milk and yoghurt provides both protein and carbohydrates . No matter what time of day you exercise , the key is to follow up with meals that combine protein , which helps your muscles recover , and carbohydrates , which replenish energy stores . For best results , eat within 30 to 60 minutes after exercise , when muscles are most receptive . During this window , an increase in enzyme activity makes the body more efficient at storing glucose for energy and building protein in fatigued muscles . Homemade sports recovery drink This combination of banana , milk , and yogurt makes for a fresh and satisfying sports recovery drink . Dairy products like milk and yogurt work double duty , providing both protein and carbohydrates . Bananas are packed with potassium and magnesium -- powerful electrolytes for healthy muscle function . Have this smoothie for breakfast following a morning workout , or a small afternoon meal when you get in from the gym . CookingLight.com : Fitness friendly snacks Protein-packed sandwich You ca n't go wrong with a sandwich after a workout -- it 's got everything in a hand-held package . Low-sodium cold cuts provide some salt to help replace what 's lost in sweat during exercise . Tomatoes add freshness and a boost of vitamin C . You can easily substitute 100 percent whole wheat bread in this recipe to boost the fiber content . Grill it up ahead of time and pack for lunch , or whip it up in minutes for an easy weeknight dinner . CookingLight.com : Strength training foods Grab and go granola It 's not always easy to eat 30 minutes after a workout . Granola is a great on-the-go snack . Leave some in your desk or glove box as a healthful alternative to vending machine food . Oats , honey , orange juice , and flax provide protein , carbs , and some healthy fat . Nuts and dried fruit contribute iron for healthy red blood cells . Mix this sweet and crunchy treat with low-fat yogurt , or enjoy by the handful . Just remember to exercise portion control , as this high-energy food is calorically dense . Power Breakfast An egg sandwich is a perfect post-workout breakfast . There 's protein in both the yolk and the white of an egg , and this recipes uses a combination of the two to boost protein while keeping calories and fat under control . Eggs also contain zinc , which aids in metabolism and immunity , and vitamin B12 , which supports cell production . Cheese and fresh veggies round out this meal to restore tired muscles and recharge your energy stores . CookingLight.com : 5-Star breakfast Protein-packed fish Salmon is an ideal source of protein  not to mention heart-healthy omega-3 fats  . Serve with steamed veggies and brown rice to complete the meal with healthy carbohydrates and energy-producing B vitamins . Protein-rich salmon , along with fiber from vegetables and brown rice , will keep you satisfied to help avoid late-night munching . Leftovers can be served atop a salad for tomorrow 's lunch . CookingLight.com : How to buy the best fish Plant-based protein Beans are an amazing source of plant-based protein and carbohydrates . Whole-grain bulgur wheat is loaded with hunger-fighting fiber . Feta cheese adds calcium for strong bones . Make a large batch of this light and refreshing salad in the beginning of the week and you 'll have a great post-workout meal that 's ready when you are . Peanut butter power Peanut butter can be your post-workout secret weapon -- it 's affordable , versatile , and satisfying . Do n't shy away from this nutrient powerhouse because of its fat content -- just use measured portions . One tablespoon of peanut butter contains about 100 calories and 7 grams of healthy unsaturated fat . Add chicken and vegetables in a flour tortilla for an easy high-protein meal . For more tips on making healthy taste great , try Cooking Light - CLICK HERE Copyright 2009 Cooking Light magazine . All rights reserved .	Follow your workout with meals that combine protein and carbohydrates Eggs contain zinc , which aids in metabolism and immunity , and vitamin B12 Peanut butter is affordable , versatile , and satisfying Granola is a great on-the-go snack
CNN  -- Life was good for Kenny Sparks . A handsome man with a big smile , he was well-known in his town of Little Compton , Rhode Island . He had a loving wife , two beautiful , college-age children and was the co-owner of a multimillion-dollar contracting business . At 49 he had it all . But then he began to change . At first the family thought Kenny had Alzheimer 's disease ; he had all the signs . But they got a diagnosis that turned out to be more devastating . Kenny has a condition known as frontotemporal dementia , or FTD . When doctors told Kenny 's wife , Cheryl , she was relieved . "  I was thankful it was n't Alzheimer 's , " she said . "  Clearly , what did I know ? " She noticed the first changes more than four years ago . "  He was stumbling over words , " she said . "  And he would forget what he was saying -- but at almost 50 , I think we all tend to do that . " Kenny 's personality was n't the same , either . He grew distant , more agitated . Cheryl thought it was stress , that the pressure of work was getting to him . But as the months went by , his condition got worse . He was put on medication for depression . Although it helped , Cheryl said , "  He just was n't Kenny . " His children also noticed the change . During a family trip to France , he hardly spoke . His son , Graham , knew this was n't his dad . "  He 'd tell stupid jokes all the time , " said Graham . "  And on this trip , he was n't telling jokes . He was sitting there with a blank stare on his face . " His daughter , Alexandra , noticed that Kenny did n't care about his health any longer . "  He exercised all the time . He would swim constantly and he ate well , " she said . "  And all of a sudden he was downing gallons of ice cream . Gallons ! " Watch more of the Sparks ' family odyssey But it was his inability to communicate that finally pushed Cheryl into action . "  We were working on a project ... and he turned to me and asked me , can you give me that screwdriver with the little cross on top , " she recalled . "  And then I knew : This was a man who built his house from the ground up and he could n't ask for a Phillips screwdriver ? " Cheryl got Kenny to the doctor . During the course of numerous cognitive tests , Cheryl learned details about her husband that were shocking . "  He could n't draw a clock and put the numbers or hands on it , " she said . Doctors told her , FTD would rob Kenny of his personality , his speech and eventually his life . "  They told me , ` If you are going to travel or do anything with your husband , you 'd better do it in the next few years , ' " she said . "  And that 's when I fell apart . " Frontotemporal dementia is an umbrella term for a group of degenerative disorders that damage the cells in the temporal and/or frontal lobes of the brain . Doctors believe certain proteins in the brain attack the cells . They do n't know why . The disease is typically diagnosed in people in their 50s and 60s , but can strike people in their 40s or younger . It affects areas of the brain responsible for reasoning , communication , social awareness and memory , causing changes in personality and judgment . Although its symptoms can vary depending on the parts of the brain affected , FTD eventually leaves a patient in a state of confusion and helplessness . It also leaves affected families feeling helpless . "  Many patients will lose their inhibitions ; they 'll act totally inappropriately , leaving their families to wonder what is wrong , " said Dr. Murray Grossman , a neurologist with the University of Pennsylvania . "  Some patients will have no problem spending the family fortune , taking all their money and putting it into scams , get-rich-quick schemes , or going off and buying an expensive car or boat the family does n't need . The patients lose their reasoning . " "  What 's particularly frustrating for family members is , the patients do n't seem to have much insight into the difficulties they are having or causing for others , " Grossman said . FTD affects approximately 250,000 Americans -- about 10 percent to 20 percent of all dementia cases -- and misdiagnosis is common , according to the Association for Frontotemporal Dementias . "  There 's a great lack of awareness among physicians . So on the journey to diagnosis many of our families take five or six years -LSB- before they find out -RSB- , and they go through a series of misdiagnoses , " said Susan Dickinson , director of the association . Grossman said misdiagnoses can cause trouble . "  Many patients take on symptoms of a stroke and , of course , Alzheimer 's or even severe depression and are misdiagnosed , which can be dangerous because many of the medications used for these conditions can make FTD worse , " said Grossman . "  So correct diagnosis is critical . " "  And when they do get the news , it 's very difficult , " said Dickinson . "  They are told , ` Your loved one has FTD . It 's a neurological degenerative disease . It 's fatal , and there is no cure . Now go home and deal with it . ' " And that 's what Dickinson wants to change . The association is trying to get the word out by offering resources for physicians and information on support groups for families through its organization and on its Web site . Dickinson says 40 support groups have been formed so far , "  most of them started by families and volunteers . " "  Because many of our patients are diagnosed in the prime of their lives , families are faced with financial problems . Where do they go for help ? How can they better deal with this disease ? " said Dickinson . "  That 's what we are here for : to help them find resources and ways of coping . " The association also wants to raise money for more research . Although at this point there are few treatments and no cure , Dr. Grossman says there is hope . "  The good news is that as we learn more about the condition we are developing treatments that are specific , that we hope can change the natural history of the condition , " he said . "  So there are medications in development that go after the proteins that accumulate in the brain cells that cause this condition . " In the four years since his FTD was diagnosed , Kenny has taken trips with his family . Until recently he was able to ride a bike and get around , although he ca n't drive a car . He has become progressively more dependent on Cheryl , who quit her job to be with him 24/7 . "  His need to be with me is constant , because he feels safe , " she said . Although Kenny goes with a caretaker several times a week to give Cheryl a break , keeping up with him can be exhausting . "  He ca n't read a clock . So he 'll get up at 3 a.m. , and that 's when we start our day , " said Cheryl . Right after the diagnosis he had good days and bad days , Cheryl said . "  And when he had bad days , they were very bad . " she said . "  Now , he 's more like a child , most times . " When Kenny 's children visit , it can be hard for them to see him slip away . "  When he has his bad days and he lashes out it makes it hurt more , and that 's when you have to blame the disease , " said daughter Alexandra . Son Graham agreed . "  You 've got to understand your dad is actually gone , and it 's the disease . " Cheryl looks at it differently . "  Our doctor says if we do n't take this on with a sense of humor our family will be destroyed , " she said . "  In so many ways we 've been blessed . So we 've got to keep going with a good heart . " "  A lot of our friends and family do n't understand this illness . But we do , " she said indicating her children . "  And we have to deal with it . " "  There is no one hardest part , " Cheryl said . "  Well , for me , knowing that the man I thought I was going to grow old with -- I 'm not , I guess . " Cheryl stopped , and with tears in her eyes , realized , "  Yes , that 's the hardest part . "	Frontotemporal dementia affects part of brain responsible for personality , memory , reasoning 250,000 people in the United States have it , representing 10-20 percent of dementia cases The condition is often misdiagnosed , resulting in wrong medications Hope on the horizon as researchers target the proteins that accumulate in the brain cells
CNN  -- Former Dutch football star Edgar Davids has called on authorities to take a stronger stance against racism . Davids , who has been embroiled in a racism row with his country 's soccer icon Johan Cruyff , told CNN that the problem is not being addressed despite all the recent publicity surrounding controversial remarks made by FIFA president Sepp Blatter . World football 's leader was forced to backtrack after saying in an interview with CNN that there was no racism on the pitch and that any problems could be resolved with a handshake after the match . The Suriname-born Davids , who won 74 caps for the Netherlands , is unhappy with remarks the 64-year-old Cruyff made to him during a supervisory board meeting at Dutch club Ajax . Blatter : Racism row is closed "  There 's a line , and if you have a racist comment somebody has to act upon it . The person who did it has to be punished and later be educated off the pitch , " the 38-year-old said on World Sport on Thursday . "  What Blatter said was inexcusable , but he apologized . Something like that also happened in Holland when Johan Cruyff made a racist comment . He did it but he did n't apologize . "  The Dutch press let it slide a little bit , and that is what you have to condemn . When someone makes a racist remark that does n't make him a racist , but you have to say , ` This the line , you 've crossed it and you have to apologize ' -- not only to the person who has been hurt but also the people who live with that racial abuse almost all their lives . I think that 's unacceptable if you do n't . " How should football tackle racism ? Football 's authorities have yet to dish out major penalties for racist offenses , with Bulgaria 's Football Association escaping with a â ‚ ¬ 40,000  $ 53,000  fine after the country 's fans racially abused England players in September . And Blatter 's comments have not had the impact worldwide they had in Britain , where the media quickly jumped onto the 75-year-old 's remarks . "  You have to condemn those things , you have to act hard and really address the problem . I think that 's lacking a bit , " said 1995 Champions League winner Davids , who played for AC Milan , Inter Milan , Barcelona , Ajax and Tottenham during his illustrious career .	Edgar Davids says the problem of racism in football is not being addressed The former AC Milan star has been involved in a war of words with Johan Cruyff Davids tells CNN that action must be taken when racist abuse occurs He says the Dutch press have "  let slide " Cruyff 's comments at a board meeting
CNN  -- Last week , after the Senate defeated a measure to authorize the Keystone XL Pipeline by a single vote , a Native American sitting in the gallery broke into a traditional victory song . Greg Grey Cloud , of Lakota and Dakota heritage , was quickly detained and hauled out of the Capitol . But the biggest slight to Native Americans came not from Grey Cloud 's arrest for bursting into a victory song in honor of the senators who voted against the bill but from some of the media coverage of the incident . "  Once I was released , I found out the media -LSB- was -RSB- saying there was an outburst of a Native American wailing and chanting , " Grey Cloud said . A chant ? Really ? Did Luciano Pavarotti chant ? Does Barbra Streisand ? Of course not . So why is it that when a Native American begins to sing , and if the song is not in English , people immediately assume it is just some kind of wordless wailing ? For future reference , Native Americans sing , we do n't chant . Here 's the thing : November is Native American Heritage Month , as it has been since 1990 following a decree by then-President George H.W. Bush . So this should be the time of the year when people learn about Native Americans , our significant contributions to this country , and maybe even the appropriate language to use in the 21st century .  Squaw is a bad word , and so is -- you guessed it -- redskin  . Opinion : What you do n't know about Thanksgiving Sadly , I ca n't help but worry that this column will be the only thing that many people will read about Native American Heritage Month . So please bear with me , while I take a moment to mention someone I hope will not be forgotten -- Wilma Mankiller , the first female Chief of the Cherokee Nation and a champion of access to clean water . Mankiller was brave and brazen and is now the subject of the new film , "  The Cherokee Word for Water . " I recently chatted about her with Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter Bonnie Raitt , who donated a song to the film and is an admirer of the late chief . "  Wilma 's just one of my heroes , " Raitt said . Gloria Steinem , the revered feminist and journalist , echoed these warm words . "  From my perspective , " she said , " -LSB- Wilma -RSB- should 've been president of the United States . " Mankiller was the epitome of determination , and so it irks me that so few Americans have heard about her diplomacy , eloquence and backbone -- especially during a month when we all should be recognizing indigenous people like her for their prowess and influence . Then again , I also remember what Grey Cloud said when I asked him why Native American Heritage Month barely gets a mention compared with , say , Black History Month or National Hispanic Heritage Month . "  We 're first nations people , " he said . "  They do n't value us as much . " Right . In fact , Native American Heritage Day falls on the one day each year when Americans ravenously indulge in material possessions -- Black Friday . So is this an insult to Native Americans ? Of course it is . How could it not be ? If Native American Heritage Day fell on November 5 , for example , then students would be in the classroom and teachers could offer lessons about the Native American today . But no , instead streams of bundled up shoppers are standing in line to make their purchases , with the class the last thing on any kids ' mind as they sit watching TV . If we 're going to choose a day for Native American Heritage Day when school is out , then how about Thanksgiving Day itself ? Why not ? That way we could learn about the real history of the holiday , and not the romanticized version we all hear about . Or maybe that discussion is too real , too much of a downer for people to stomach on Thanksgiving . I mean , I get it -- I 'm sure it 's tough to hear that the first Thanksgiving in Connecticut was in celebration of the subduing of Native Americans or that the pilgrims decapitated the son of the guest and sent his head to Plymouth to be displayed on a pike just outside the colony 's entrance , where it would stay rotting for two decades . Too gruesome ? Maybe that 's a good thing . Facts are facts , and rejecting them bodes ill for everyone . So , this Native American Heritage Month , tell a family member or friend that Native Americans sing , they do n't chant . Let them know that the pilgrims were themselves illegal immigrants who documented themselves . Talk a bit about how Wilma Mankiller was a warrior and dedicated environmentalist . And remind someone that Native Americans have contributed to this country since the first white man stepped off the boat and refused to learn our languages . Happy Native American Heritage Month , folks .	November is Native American Heritage Month Simon Moya-Smith : The months should be a time for learning of natives ' contributions However , many Americans remain ignorant of real history , he says
CNN  -- It may not be the coughing , sneezing passenger next to you on your next flight who is spreading disease , it could be the airport you just took off from . Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Civil and Environmental Engineering department looked at the 40 largest U.S. airports and figured out which ones would be the most likely to spread a disease in the event of an outbreak in the cities they serve . They factored in passengers ' travel patterns , the airports ' geographic locations , interactions between airports and even passenger waiting times for their study , published July 19 in the journal PLoS ONE . One of the surprises in their findings was that an airport 's ranking on the researchers ' list was not necessarily tied to its size or busyness . While John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York and Los Angeles International Airport were first and second on the list , respectively , Honolulu International Airport ranked third , even though it carries only 30 % as much traffic as Kennedy . The researchers said that 's because of Honolulu 's place in the air transportation network : in the Pacific Ocean , with many connections to distant , large , and well-connected hubs . Though Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport ranks first in the number of flights , it was eighth on the researchers ' list of potential disease spreaders . Boston Logan International Airport ranked 15th . Following Kennedy , Los Angeles and Honolulu on the list are San Francisco International Airport , Newark Liberty International Airport , Chicago O'Hare International Airport , and Washington Dulles International Airport . Atlanta , Miami International Airport and Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport round out the top 10 . Public health crises of the past decade , like SARS in 2003 or the H1N1 flu pandemic in 2009 , have highlighted how easy it is for diseases to spread around the world , including through air travel . But existing models , the researchers said , look only at the final stages of an epidemic and the places that ultimately develop the highest infection rates . The researchers say the new model can help determine ways to contain an infection in a specific area , and can also help public health officials made decisions about treatment and vaccines in the early days of a contagion . "  We are currently capable of modeling with some detail real disease outbreaks , but we are less effective when it comes to identifying new countermeasures to minimize the impact of an emerging disease , " said Prof. Yamir Moreno of the University of Zaragoza , who studies complex networks and spreading patterns of epidemics . "  The work done by the MIT team paves the way to find new containment strategies " because it allows a better understanding of the patterns characterizing the initial stages of a disease outbreak , he said in a comment on the research . The SARS outbreak spread to 37 countries and caused about 1,000 deaths . The H1N1 "  swine flu " pandemic killed about 300,000 people worldwide .	The list measures how likely airports are to spread diseases in an outbreak Researchers looked at the airports ' locations , connections and waiting times Honolulu ranked third on the list , above busier airports like Atlanta
CNN  -- -LSB- CAUTION : If you 're not caught up on "  Homeland , " stop reading now ! Minor season four spoilers also follow . -RSB- How does one pick up the pieces after one of your main characters has been hanged ? That 's a question that "  Homeland " will attempt to answer on Sunday 's fourth season premiere . The show returns after a season which saw the excruciating death of Brody , Carrie 's lover and the father of her child  and once a U.S. congressman and terrorist  . It ended poignantly , as Carrie added a CIA star to mark the life he gave ultimately for his country . The first season of "  Homeland " was nothing short of a masterpiece , many critics agreed , and it won award after award . But some fans have complained that the show has since started to slip . The third season , critics thought , did not live up to its potential . The New York Times said it found the third season "  more baroque and much less compelling than the first two . " There were episodes devoted to Brody 's daughter , which some found grating , and a twist in which Carrie pretended to go off the rails and was sent to a mental facility -- all as part of a plan devised by her and another character , Saul . It just seemed like "  Homeland " was not what it once was . This season is for all intents and purposes , a reboot . Carrie has had her baby  which she almost gave up for adoption  , but she 's back in the field , in Afghanistan . The new season begins as she 's engineered a drone strike , but all does n't exactly go as planned . Peter Quinn has a bigger role now , as the leading man of the show . And fan favorite Saul is back , but things are n't exactly going better with his wife , who moved on  so to speak  without his knowledge . Viewers will get plenty of opportunity to decide whether they 're on board with the new season , as Showtime will premiere back-to-back new episodes on Sunday night . Will you tune in for season four ?	` Homeland ' returns after a critically-maligned third season The new season is basically a reboot Carrie returns with new issues in the CIA
CNN  -- Fretting over what holiday gift to get the hard-to-shop-for man in your life on Black Friday ? Well , so were the users of the social media site Reddit this week . A post asked : "  Who thinks ` Mens Gift Ideas ' are always super lame ? Men of reddit what lame ` guy ' gifts are you tired of receiving ? How would you edit these lists your wives , mothers , sisters are reading ? " Posters listed everything from cologne to mugs in their catalog of terrible man-gifts . They also shared which items will bring grins instead of groans . See the gallery above for the best gift ideas for men . Below are10 of the worst presents you can give , according to Reddit users : Worst gifts for men : 1 . Underwear "  Boxers and socks . It 's nice to get them , do n't get me wrong , but I like a heartfelt present too , " posted TheGreatGingerOaf . 2 . Beard oil Men should use this facial hair conditioner , "  Only if you have a performance grade beard , " said Toribor . 3 . Calendars "  Please , no Page-A-Day Calendars focused on something that I mentioned in passing that I had a slight interest in eight months ago , " complained khdutton . 4 . Cologne "  I have an entire shelf in my medicine cabinet dedicated to the various colognes I 've received as gifts . I do not need a bottle every single year , " said Beholdereye . 5 . Golf-themed items "  My grandfather spent at least a decade getting nothing but tacky golf-themed calendars and knick-knacks . He must have been the king of white elephant parties , " recalled Tadhgdagis . 6 . Soaps and toiletries "  No one , men or women , want  uninvited  toiletries for a gift . The End , " noted 7719 . 7 . Knickknacks "  Everyone hates those gift sets they have at Dillards and other department stores where you can get a mini golf ball polishing machine for your desk or a mini fishing rod to carry around , " contended fishrocksyoursocks . 8 . Candy "  I 've got christmas candy going back a few years in the cupboard , " said Walletau . 9 . Flasks "  I own four flasks . I consider myself a moderate-to-heavy drinker , but this is overkill , " said ReluctantRedditor275 . 10 . Handkerchiefs "  It 's never appealed to me to put a snotty rag back in my pocket for later use , " explained uk_bloke . But Reddit user JoshuaRWillis summed up a recurring sentiment : It 's the thought that counts . "  If someone cares enough about me to buy me a gift with at least an attempt made in getting me something they think I 'd like , I 'm a happy man . The easier it was for them , the better , " he wrote . Like CNN Living on Facebook	Men on Reddit lamented receiving socks , cologne and toiletries for Christmas Posters suggested coffee , liquor , beer and electronics as worthy alternatives Some recommended being happy with what you get , as it 's the thought that counts
CNN  -- A school bus wreck killed a young child on the bus and the bus driver Monday in Indianapolis , officials said . Ten other children were injured , including two critically , according to the Indianapolis Fire Department . The girl killed in the wreck was estimated to be 5 or 6 years old . The wreck happened just before 8 a.m. on Emerson Avenue in southeastern Indianapolis , the fire department said . An investigation into the cause of the accident is under way . Witnesses said they saw nothing unusual before the bus hit an abutment beneath a concrete overpass , according to fire department spokeswoman Rita Burris . Officials are waiting for a coroner 's report to determine if the driver had a medical condition that could have contributed to the wreck . CNN 's Deanna Proeller contributed to this report .	Ten other children are injured , two critically , fire department says Witnesses report nothing unsual before the bus wreck in Indianapolis An investigation is under way
New York  CNN  -- A housekeeper at the U.S. Military Academy could face up to two years in jail if convicted of trying to steal a bag of frozen meatballs . Estelle Casimir pleaded not guilty in U.S. District Court in White Plains , New York , this month , according to her attorney . "  She is very upset , " said Michael Ferraro . "  We 've pleaded not guilty , definitely . " Casimir has been charged with stealing from the mess hall at the famed military academy in West Point , New York , on January 30 . She faces two counts of misdemeanor crimes for stealing property and possessing stolen property . Each count carries a possible penalty of up to one year in jail and a $ 1,000 fine . According to a signed affidavit , the operations manager on duty at West Point , spotted Casimir trying to hide a black bag with her hand and asked her what it was . "  Nothing , it is garbage , " Casimir reportedly replied . After some reluctance , Casimir revealed the bag of meatballs , the affidavit states . On the mess hall 's menu that night : meatballs . "  If it is garbage why did n't you throw it away near the pantry area , where they have a dumpster by the door ? " the manager asked , according to the affidavit . Casimir claimed that she found the bag in a trash container and was going downstairs to throw it in another dumpster , the affidavit states . Pending the outcome of her case , Casimir has been suspended without pay by her employer , Watson Services , which provides food services at West Point , Ferraro said . Attempts to contact the military police at West Point , Watson Services and Casimir were unsuccessful . Ferraro said he 'll be trying to reach an agreement with the assistant U.S. attorney . If he ca n't , Casimir is scheduled to be back in court on April 19 . "  Obviously nobody wants to go to jail , " he said .	Housekeeper is accused of trying to steal a bag of frozen meatballs Estelle Casimir has pleaded not guilty Manager says Casimir tried to sneak the meatballs out , claiming the bag was garbage If convicted , she could face up to two years in jail and a $ 2,000 fine
CNN  -- The parents of a 15-year-old American girl are seeking to get their daughter back after she ran away with her boyfriend to Brazil , where authorities handed her over to the boyfriend 's family . The Brazilian authorities ' decision to give custody of Samantha Hernandez to her boyfriend 's uncle , while a legal action against her goes through the system , has left her family and U.S. officials scratching their heads . "  If this was a senator 's daughter , if this was a congressman 's daughter , somebody would 've gotten her back already , " said Samantha 's father , Robert Hernandez of Florida . On August 29 , Samantha and her boyfriend , whom she had met online less than a year ago , boarded a flight from Boston , Massachusetts , to Belo Horizonte , Brazil , with Samantha using a fake passport , police said . A federal police commissioner in Minas Gerais state , where Belo Horizonte is located , said that Samantha arrived at the Confins International Airport and went through the customs process , where it was determined that the Brazilian passport she was using belonged to someone else . Because Samantha is a minor , she was transferred to the custody of Brazil 's civil police , which will investigate the crime . She was not immediately sent back to the United States because the crime she is accused of committing does not allow for immediate repatriation , the official said . Instead , she was released to her boyfriend 's uncle , without any consultation with her parents in the United States , the father said . Details about her boyfriend , his nationality and that of his uncle were not immediately known . "  It is outrageous and very dangerous to the welfare and well-being of an American minor girl that the Brazilian government hastily awarded custody to a man who is not in any way related to 15-year-old Samantha Hernandez , " said Rep. Chris Smith , R-New Jersey , who was a sponsor of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act . "  I am painfully aware that runaways and child abductees are at significant risk of exploitation and abuse . Brazil has a legal and moral duty to immediately return Samantha to her parents in the U.S. " The office of Rep. Connie Mack , R-Florida , who represents the district where Robert Hernandez lives , said it has been in touch with the parties involved . "  We reached out to the family last week and have been in touch with the family and the State Department , " the office said . "  We 've been working with the consulate in Brazil as well . " U.S. officials in Brazil are working closely with Brazilian officials and talking to Samantha and her family to provide assistance , said Heidi Arola , who is with the U.S. Consulate in Rio de Janeiro . The father 's attorney , Albert Gayoso , told HLN 's "  Prime News " that the U.S. State Department told the mother that U.S. officials conducted a "  wellness check " on Samantha on Thursday , during which they took pictures of the girl and the house where she is staying . Also , Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , has reached out to the family , his office said . Robert Hernandez said he has considered going to Brazil himself to get his daughter , but said he could be breaking Brazilian law if he were to attempt to get his daughter back on his own . In the meantime , all communications between Samantha 's family and the boyfriend 's family have ceased since she went to Brazil . "  We need the attention of the U.S. and Brazilian governments , " Samantha 's mother , Joann Allard , said in statement . "  Samantha needs to be taken into custody and deported back to the U.S. immediately . " She added , "  All adults who enabled a 15-year-old girl through two U.S.  security checkpoints  into Brazil should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . " "  Honestly , we just want her to come home , " Robert Hernandez said . "  I want her to really come to her senses and say , ` You know what , this was a mistake . ' " Judging from a phone call Samantha had with CNN affiliate WBBH , there are still many obstacles to that . "  I definitely do not want to go back . I 'd rather jump off a bridge with sharks and piranhas in the water , with meat tied to my neck , than go back there , " she said . "  Obviously , they do n't care how I feel . I 'm happy here . " HLN 's Tracey Jordan and Leslie Alvarez Rivera and journalist Luciani Gomes contributed to this report .	Samantha Hernandez ran away with her boyfriend to Brazil She was stopped in Brazil because she was using a false passport Police handed her over to the boyfriend 's uncle Her family in the United States wants her back
CNN  -- The last time I checked in with psychologist and school consultant Michael Thompson , "  Tiger Mom " was making headlines for how she drove her children to succeed . Thompson gave us memorable vignettes from the front lines , including : "  You know you 're an extreme parent if you imagine that your child is going to play professional sports even though no coach has predicted this outcome . " And , "  You know you 're an extreme parent if you have your child take 30 practice SAT exams before the actual test . " Extreme parents do n't necessarily take a break over the summer . Neither does Thompson : "  You know you 're an extreme parent , " he tells me , "  if you send your child to camp for a month and then you go on the website every day to find a smiling picture of your child and you get frantic and call the camp if you ca n't find one . " There 's also the "  call me " parent . "  I had a camp director tell me he had a child who arrived with three cell phones , " says Thompson : "  one to turn in , one to use illegally until it was confiscated , and then the backup phone . " These true stories helped persuade Thompson to write his new book about the value of summer camp . It 's called : "  Homesick and Happy : How Time Away From Parents Can Help A Child Grow . " Some of us parents have children who at this very moment may be homesick at sleep-away camp . Michael Thompson 's heart bleeds for them . But the bleeding stops when he thinks about the "  developmental leaps " so many children make at summer camp , having challenged themselves in ways they do n't when their parents are around . Thompson visited 20 camps and spoke to about 200 campers for "  Homesick and Happy . " He is struck by how campers love to recount what he calls their "  campfire horror stories " -- of cold , miserable nights and mosquito bites all over their bodies . " -LSB- T -RSB- hese girls are standing there with these brilliant smiles on their faces , talking about their discomfort , " says Thompson , "  but they 're talking about their personal triumph over discomfort and the fact that they were braver than they thought they were going to be . They did n't get immobilized . They did n't cry . They ate their cold dinner , went to bed , their sleeping bag was a little wet , and they come back with a story of triumph . " Thompson says he logs about 100,000 miles a year visiting schools and speaking to parents . Self-esteem is a dominant concern . "  Parents say , ` How do I give my child self-esteem ? ' ... And they 're always a little demoralized when I say , ` You ca n't give your child self-esteem . ' " So how is camp connected to self-esteem ? In Thompson 's view , camp is "  the closest thing to Hogwarts that kids are likely to get . ... All of children 's literature knows that the adventures only begin when you 're away from your parents . Every great children 's story is driven by the child being away from parents , experiencing things on their own . " Thompson does n't wish Harry Potter 's family situation on anyone . But there 's a lesson in Potter for us all . "  Your parent has to open the door and let you walk out and find independence , experience it and become comfortable with it , " says Thompson . "  That is camp , for me . " This is what Thompson sees when he consults with schools from September to June : "  The constant pressure year after year makes kids incredibly anxious and they develop symptoms around anxiety and stress and they ca n't sleep and they worry all the time and they never feel they 're done . And I think , gosh , you 're living a life of a middle aged executive and you 're only in 10th grade . " Which is why this last insight is so critical , whether our children are at camp or at home this summer . "  Camp is just whimsical a lot of the time , " says Thompson . "  And in this competitive economy , we 're not often whimsical with our children . And they absolutely love whimsy . " Thompson 's discoveries have opened my eyes . Starting now , I will be the most whimsical dad ever . I 'm not letting you know how I define whimsy . Because I 'm determined to turn my whimsy into a competitive advantage for my children . They will have the whimsy edge ! As for my child who is in camp right now , I 'm not going to be one of those extreme parents . I 'm not looking on the camp website for my child 's smiling face . But I 'm imagining it . How are you creating independent children ? Have you had trouble letting go ? Share your experiences in the comments section below .	Psychologist Michael Thompson speaks with CNN about childhood independence Thompson wrote a book about summer camp as a place for childhood self-discovery The school consultant recommends having minimal contact with your kids at camp Thompson says kids are stressed and need whimsy in their lives
Washington  CNN  -- The United States is biding its time in its effort to get fugitive leaker Edward Snowden delivered to its custody , hoping that Russia wearies of him and Ecuador decides against granting him asylum , senior U.S. officials said Wednesday . Snowden , the former National Security Agency computer contractor who exposed details of U.S. surveillance programs , faces espionage charges if shipped back home . He is currently cooling his heels at Moscow 's international airport , where he arrived Sunday from Hong Kong . "  Time is our friend , " one senior administration official told CNN . "  The Russians now just want him gone , and I 'm not sure if they care at this point if he goes to a country that might be inclined to send him back . " The State Department revoked Snowden 's passport after charges were brought last week . Officials in Hong Kong , a semi-autonomous Chinese territory , said it needed more information before it could act on a U.S. request to hold him there . WikiLeaks said Snowden flew out of Hong Kong on refugee papers issued by Ecuador , where he has requested asylum , but Ecuador 's deputy foreign minister said Wednesday that his country had provided him no documents . 4 options for the U.S. to get Snowden back Russian President Vladimir Putin said his government wo n't hand Snowden over to U.S. authorities , but seemed eager to wash his hands of the issue . "  The sooner he selects his final destination point , the better both for us and for himself , " Putin said Tuesday during a visit to Finland . Snowden has the assistance of WikiLeaks , the organization that facilitates the disclosure of classified information . Ecuador has already granted asylum to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , who has been holed up in the country 's embassy in London for a year after losing a court battle to avoid extradition to Sweden . Washington has urged countries where Snowden may be headed , including Ecuador , to turn him away . But the senior administration official said Ecuadorian officials appear to be avoiding high-level discussions on the matter . Their ambassador to Washington is out of the country , and their foreign minister is on a trip to Asia . Speaking in Vietnam this week , Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Ricardo Patino said his government will consider the U.S. request when it decides on Snowden 's plea for asylum , which the United States considers a sign that the highest levels of the Ecuadorian government have gotten the message . The administration official said the fact that Ecuador is not rushing a decision is the best possible news , since Snowden will remain a hot potato in the Russians ' hands during that time . Snowden : I took job to gather evidence U.S.-Ecuadorian ties have been strained during the administration of Ecuador 's current president , Rafael Correa . A leftist ally of the late Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , Correa closed an outpost at an Ecuadorian air base that the U.S. military used to conduct anti-drug operations . Washington and Quito expelled each others ' ambassadors in 2011 after an American diplomatic cable published by WikiLeaks suggested that Correa was aware of acts of corruption by the police high command , and the United States has criticized recent laws that international observers say limit press freedoms . The $ 20 million the United States provides in aid to Ecuador is a relatively small amount , and the administration is holding off on talk of any additional pressure until its government makes a decision on asylum . "  We are not at the point where we are making threats yet , " the official said . "  We are reserving the harder line until they know for sure whether the Ecuadorians are willing to take him in . "	"  Time is our friend , " a senior administration official says NSA leaker Snowden faces U.S. espionage charges He 's now in Moscow , which seems eager to send him on his way Snowden has asked Ecuador for asylum ; the U.S. has warned against granting it
SRINAGAR , Indian-administered Kashmir  CNN  -- Six family members were buried alive after an avalanche crashed into their house in a remote village in Indian-administered Kashmir , officials said Friday . A total of 10 people were killed Friday following five days of continuous snowfall in the mountainous region . An avalanche in the mountainous Peth Hallan village rolled over the family 's house Friday morning , engulfing it in snow , Kashmir Divisional Commissioner Mehboob Iqbal told CNN . Indian army and police rescue teams were able to rescue only one of the seven family members in the house , he said . Peth Hallan is about 68 miles  110 kilometers  south of Srinagar . Another avalanche in the village of Nayal , about 75 miles  120 kilometers  from Srinagar , killed three people , including a woman , a senior police official said . And in the village of Gulab Bagh , in north Kashmir , a third avalanche buried a house Friday morning , killing one person and injuring three , he said . "  We have so far removed to safety over 300 persons from avalanche-prone villages of Waltengo Nar and Gulab Bagh , and lodged them in makeshift rescue centers , " the senior police official said . After nearly a week of snowfall , authorities have sounded a red alert in the area , asking residents not to move out of their homes , citing the high risk of avalanches . They are a common threat in Kashmir during winters , and scores of lives have been claimed by them this season in areas where people live along the Himalayan mountain ranges . E-mail to a friend	A total of 10 people were killed in avalanches on Friday alone Red alert sounded by authorities following five days of continuous snowfall Avalanches are a common threat in Kashmir during winter period
CNN  -- The number of minors treated in hospital emergency rooms for drinking on New Year 's Day 2009 was nearly four times the average daily figure , according to a federal study . The study , published this week in the Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology , was based on data from the Drug Abuse Warning Network , which estimated that 1,980 emergency room visits on New Year 's Day 2009 involved underage drinking , versus 546 such visits on an average day . "  This stunning increase in underage drinking-related emergency room visits on New Year 's Day should be a wake-up call to parents , community leaders and all caring adults about the potential risks our young people face for alcohol-related accidents , injuries and death during this time of year , " Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration chief Pamela S. Hyde said in a statement about the agency 's study . "  Parents , clergy , coaches , teachers and other role models must do everything they can to positively influence young people -- including talking with them early and often about the many health dangers underage drinking poses to their physical and emotional health and well being . " The findings translate into an increase in sobering statistics , said Kenneth R. Warren , acting director of the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism . "  For example , during Christmas and New Year 's , two to three times more people die in alcohol-related crashes than during comparable periods the rest of the year , " he said . "  And 40 % of traffic fatalities during these holidays involve a driver who is alcohol-impaired , compared to 28 % for the rest of December . " The New Year 's Day levels outstripped those of other holidays . For example , Memorial Day emergency room visits for drinking by minors were 676 ; the Fourth of July level was 942 . "  Whereas all underage alcohol consumption is of concern , consumption that leads to ER visits on New Year 's Day should be of particular concern to parents and young people because such consumption may increase other risky behaviors , " it said . "  Greater access to alcohol , less parental oversight and mixed messages from parents may fuel surges in underage drinking , which can result in visits to hospital emergency departments because of overconsumption or alcohol-involved accidents or injuries . The New Year 's holiday may be particularly risky because underage individuals may drink more than during most other times of the year , including other holidays . "	Study estimates 1,980 emergency room visits occurred on New Year 's Day 2009 That compares with 546 such visits on an average day Parents , community leaders urged to pay attention
CNN  -- "  I think it 's 50-50 . " That was former President George W. Bush 's take on the likelihood of his brother , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , running for president in 2016 . "  I know that he 's wrestling with the decision , " Bush said in an interview Sunday on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " "  I 'd give it a toss-up . " Bush has not been shy about publicly encouraging his younger brother to run for president in 2016 . Last month , he told Fox News that he thinks his brother "  wants to be president . " Bush 43 admitted that he does "  occasionally fuel speculation " about his brother 's political ambitions , but said he does so because he thinks his brother is the man for the job . "  He 'd be a great president , " Bush said . "  And the country could use an optimistic view like his . " "  I know this about Jeb : He is not afraid to succeed . In other words , I think he knows he could do the job . And nor is he afraid to fail . " Since exiting politics in 2008 , George W. Bush has retreated to a quieter life in Texas , spending much of his time painting and doing charitable work . But should his brother decide to take the leap , Bush says he would be ready to help out in any way he can . "  I 'll do whatever he wants , " Bush said . "  I will be one of his strongest backers . If he wants me out there publicly , I 'll be out there publicly . If he wants me behind the scenes , I 'll be behind the scenes . ... I 'm all in for him . " But for now , he 's just waiting for his brother to weigh out the pros and cons himself . "  He 's not here knocking on my door , you know , agonizing about the decision , " Bush said . "  He knows exactly ... the ramifications on family , for example . He 's seen his dad and his brother go through the presidency . " Earlier this year , Jeb Bush stressed the importance of his family in the process of considering a bid , telling CNN affiliate WFOR , "  The decision will be based on , ` Can I do it joyfully ? ' ... And is it right for my family ? " But according to his older brother , Jeb should n't be so worried about that second part . Asked if it 's worth it to put a family through a presidential run , George W. Bush told CBS on Sunday , "  Yeah , it is . " Perhaps he says that because the majority of Jeb Bush 's immediate family seems to be on board with the decision . Two weeks ago , Jeb 's son George P. Bush , who has since been elected land commissioner of Texas , told ABC that his father is "  more than likely " eyeing a 2016 run . In April , Jeb Bush 's younger brother Neil said their father , former president George H. W. Bush , also endorsed the idea . Thus far , the only member of the Bush clan to publicly reject the idea of Jeb Bush running for president has been his mother , Barbara Bush , who told PBS in January , "  I hope he wo n't . " Get ready : 2016 starts now	George W. Bush sees a 50-50 chance his brother Jeb will run for president Bush and other members of the family have been publicly encouraging a run Bush 43 says it is worth it to put your family through a presidential campaign
CNN  -- Navy Secretary Ray Mabus , who will develop a long-term plan for the restoration of the states affected by the massive oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico , is a former governor of Mississippi whom the White House has called a proven leader . The 61-year-old Mabus was selected by President Obama on Tuesday to help draw up the government 's plan for recovery efforts in conjunction with officials in the Gulf Coast states . "  The plan will be designed by states , local communities , tribes , fishermen , businesses , conservationists , and other Gulf residents . And BP will pay for the impact this spill has had on the region , " Obama said in a nationwide address from the Oval Office . Last year when Mabus was selected to lead the Navy , the Obama administration released a statement that said : "  The president nominated Governor Mabus to be secretary of the Navy because he has the proven leadership and experience our nation needs to serve in this important position . " Mabus was born and raised in Mississippi , attending college at the University of Mississippi . He earned a master 's degree at Johns Hopkins University before enlisting in the Navy near the end of the Vietnam War . He served as a surface warfare officer on the USS Little Rock in 1971 and 1972 . After the Navy he attended Harvard Law School . The Democrat was elected to office for the first time in 1983 , becoming Mississippi 's state auditor . Five years later , Mabus became governor at age 39 , the youngest state leader in the nation at the time , according to the Mississippi Historical Society . Mabus was named one of Fortune magazine 's Top 10 education governors in 1990 , according to his biography on National Governors Association website . He was defeated in his re-election bid by Kirk Fordice . In 1994 , Mabus was appointed by then-President Bill Clinton as the ambassador to Saudi Arabia where he served for two years before returning to Mississippi to become a businessman . His divorce in 2000 made national headlines because it involved secret recordings of conversations with an Episcopal priest and his first wife , Julie Hines . During the recordings , she revealed an affair , and the tapes helped Mabus win legal custody of the couple 's two daughters , according to the New York Times . They share physical custody . Hines sued the priest and the church , citing privacy rights , but the suit was dismissed in 2006 , the Times reported . Mabus led Foamex , a maker of cushion products , out of Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2007 , according to his biography on the Defense department 's website . He was chosen by Obama to be Secretary of the Navy in May 2009 .	Ray Mabus was governor of Mississippi from 1988-1992 When nominated for top Navy post , he was called "  proven leader " by White House He also has served as ambassador to Saudi Arabia His ex-wife made national news suing church for secret tapes made while couple was going through divorce
CNN  New York City has gone 11 days without a homicide , its longest stretch without any on modern record , the New York Police Department said Friday . The record was broken midnight Thursday . It was the 11th full day without a reported homicide . The last reported homicide was February 1 , or Super Bowl Sunday , in Upper Manhattan , a police representative said Friday . Police then responded to a 911 call about multiple shots being fired and found five individuals with gunshot wounds , New York police said . One of those five , Graham Shadale , 28 , was pronounced dead at the scene . The streak has been the longest since the New York Police Department began recording statistics with a computerized program called Compstat in 1994 , the police representative said . Police Commissioner Bill Bratton hushed talk of the streak Friday on "  CBS This Morning . " "  Shh ... we do n't want to jinx it , " Bratton told host Charlie Rose . "  We 're into our 12th day now , Charlie . Eleven is a record and let 's keep it going . " Despite the record-breaking streak , there has been an uptick of shooting incidents compared with the same time period last year . The week between February 1 and February 8 experienced 110 shooting incidents in 2015 versus 91 in 2014 , according to Detective Cheryl Crispin of the New York Police Department 's Public Information office . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Eleven days without a homicide is longest stretch for city on modern record , police say The last reported homicide was February 1 in Upper Manhattan , police rep says
Statuary Hall inside the Capitol is the storied site of many key moments in U.S. history -- from heated debates about slavery to inaugural lunches with presidents . But Statuary Hall has almost surely never hosted a departing lawmaker rapping for national TV -- that is until Michele Bachmann gave us her now famous rendition of the hip-hop song "  Thrift Shop " by Macklemore . "  I look incredible . I wear your granddad 's clothes . I got twenty dollars in my pocket , and I 'm going to the thrift shop down the road , " Bachmann , rapped , moving her body to the beat for effect . It is hard to believe this is the same Bachmann who sprung onto the political scene shaking her fist in the air on the Capitol steps , rallying tea party protesters against President Barack Obama 's policies . "  I was n't politically correct , and I was n't as worried about my own political career , " she said . "  I was really worried about the issues of the country . And what I was doing , I think , was just giving voice to what I would do if I was a mom back home . " This is Bachmann unplugged , as she exits stage right after four terms in Congress , eager to show that she can lighten up while still sticking to conservative principles . "  Nobody has to worry about competition from me , I 'll tell you that ! " Bachmann jokes about her rapping , which she said she learned from her 27-year-old son Harrison during a family trip last spring . RELATED : Bachmann touts the 10 Commandments in final speech Bachmann has been one of the most polarizing politicians of the last five years -- and few news organizations have held her feet to the fire about controversial comments more than CNN . Anderson Cooper 's "  Keeping Them Honest " segment had its hands full with Bachmann statements to fact check . We personally spent many a long day walking the Capitol hallways trying to find Bachmann to ask her tough questions -- most famously about her comments about frivolous presidential spending , like on a dog walker , that turned out not to be true . But now that she is on her way out of politics , we thought it would be interesting to get to know Bachmann beyond her big political persona . Entering the Spotlight It is hard to believe Bachmann has only been in Congress for eight years . But she made national headlines sooner than most backbenchers by embracing the tea party movement and becoming a de facto leader during the financial crisis . "  When I first came in , one of the first things that I did is I took on the president of my own party , George W. Bush , because George Bush wanted to pass a $ 700 billion bailout for Wall Street , " she recalled explaining her "  no " vote for the bill . "  We were in a completely different realm that does n't even make sense anymore , these numbers that we 're talking about . $ 700 billion is a lot of money ! And so I asked the question , where did you get that figure from ? And number two , what are you going to use it for ? And I could n't get good answers . " She jokes that she does n't know who is more excited to see her go , Democrats or her fellow GOP leaders . "  I do n't know who 's going to miss me more when I leave Congress -- Nancy Pelosi or John Boehner -- I have no idea ! I 've been a thorn , I think , in both of their sides , " Bachmann said . Sexism in politics Bachmann is eager to note that she was the only GOP woman to run for president in 2012 , and says sexism is still very prevalent in politics . "  I 'll be frank with you -- the way that I see it is that I think that when women speak , I do n't think that we 're listened to the same way that a man does . I know that I -- I 'm in a lot of venues where I 'm the only woman . The only woman . " "  One thing that I notice is that when I walk into the room , the men are talking to each other -- when I arrive -- they 'll talk to each other when I 'm leaving , and I 'll go up to them to try and get into the group and talk with them , but it 's different . It 's just different , " she admitted . Bachmann and Jimmy Carter In her final days in office , Bachmann took her family to a place in Washington Republicans do n't visit : the White House . She scrounged around the capitol for extra tickets from colleagues not planning to attend the annual Christmas party , so that she could bring all five of her children to see President Obama for the holidays . Not surprisingly , she advised her kids to make their moments with the President count . "  I told them , look , you only get about a second with him , " she recalled . "  Make sure whatever you say is exactly what 's in your mind . " Her initial political experience was not working for Ronald Reagan , as one would think , but on Jimmy Carter 's campaign . "  The first time I ever came to this city was to dance at the inaugural ball for Jimmy Carter and Walter Mondale ! Which is kind of hard to believe . But then I saw how their policies worked out , they were a complete and utter failure , and then that 's why I became a Republican , and I never looked back , " Bachmann said . The Frustrated Landscaper In a lighthearted lightening round of questions , Bachmann said her theme song is "  Takin ' Care Of Business " by Bachmann-Turner Overdrive , naturally . Who does she want to play her in a biopic ? "  Kristin Wiig , " who played Bachmann in Saturday Night Live skits . If she could ask her musical idol Johnny Cash one question what would it be ? "  Ah , would you please sing at my next birthday party ! That 's what I would say -- not gon na happen ! -- but I do love him . " What is Bachmann 's non-political reading material of choice ? "  My favorite thing is landscaping . I love landscaping . And so what I 'll do is , mostly I put language into search engines , and if I want to look , like , at tulip gardens , or , like , Georgian gardens , " she said sheepishly . "  I love English gardens , how they 're laid out . Japanese gardens , Asian gardens . So , I 'm kind of a frustrated landscaper . " Mistakes , Congress and beyond Bachmann admits she "  made mistakes " during her time on Capitol Hill . No doubt repeating some erroneous facts in conservative media about the cost of presidential trips , or ties Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin 's family had to Al Qaeda . Some of those comments drew attention from reporters like yours truly , who tried to walk as fast as she could in heels to ask questions . "  That is one of the things I really like -- I run stairs here . When we go , like , from the basement up , I 'll be in high heels and I 'll run the stairs because , the good thing is -- you actually do get a workout , cause you can walk seven miles a day here , plus do the stairs , " Will she miss us chasing after her ? "  Oh , of course I will , " she said with a knowing laugh . Though she may be leaving Congress , there is no way she going far from the political spotlight , whatever her next act may be . "  Well I 'll be involved in 2016 one way or another , " she said shermanesquely . "  I am not looking at being a candidate , but I fully intend to be involved . This is a huge election where now we are tee 'd up , both in the House and in the Senate , for the repeal of Obamacare . " "  When I ran for president in 2012 , that was my motivation - I wanted to repeal Obamacare ... I think that there will be a lot of momentum for that in 2016 , and I want to be a part of that voice to help that happen , " she said .	Rep. Michele Bachmann is retiring after eight years in Congress The Minnesota Republican was a divisive conservative figure in both political parties
London , England  CNN  -- The arrest of a Nigerian politician who deposited millions of dollars of stolen money in UK accounts has raised questions about the role of British banks in corruption . As governor of the oil-rich Delta state in Nigeria , James Ibori 's salary was only $ 6000 a year , yet he managed to afford luxury properties , fleets of Rolls Royces , a Bentley and a Maybach , first class travel , private boarding school fees and a private jet worth $ 20 million . In April , accused of money laundering , Ibori pleaded guilty to stealing $ 80 million , although investigators believe he may have stolen three times as much . He was sentenced to 13 years . Prior to entering politics , Ibori had lived in London , England with his wife Theresa . In 1990 , the pair were convicted of stealing from a hardware store where Ibori worked as a cashier . The next year , he was convicted of handling a stolen credit card . By the end of the decade , having lied about his criminal record , Ibori was governor of Delta State , and was reelected for a four year term in 2003 . The Africans looking to make it in China Although acquitted by a Delta State court in 2009 , justice finally came for Ibori in a South London court , after a seven year investigation by the Proceeds of Corruption Unit of London 's Metropolitan Police . The unit , staffed by a dozen or so detectives , traces the flow of foreign politicians ' money through London , and is funded by the UK government 's Department for International Development , which also delivers aid to Africa . "  We hope that , by tackling the likes of James Ibori , we 're saying to those stealing from the state purse , you ca n't have your children at private school in London . You ca n't have a multimillion pound house in one of the most affluent areas of London . You ca n't drive around in top of the range vehicles . We wo n't let you move money around to buy multimillion pound jets , " says unit head Detective Chief Inspector Jonathan Benton . Ibori employed a range of methods , some straightforward , some devious . He inflated contracts , took kickbacks , and simply transferred cash out of state accounts . He was helped by his family , wife and mistress , as well as by London-based professionals , who set up shell companies , assisted in purchases and provided false due diligence . According to Robert Palmer of anti corruption NGO Global Witness , London holds a double attraction for corrupt politicians . "  We are a major financial and legal center so there 's a lot of expertise , and there 's also a lot of assets that go through the British financial institution , so it 's easier to disguise your assets . " Palmer believes London also seems like a great place to spend "  illicit loot " . "  There 's a prestige about being able to bring your assets and your wealth into the UK , " he observes . In March , the Financial Services Authority fined Coutts , a private arm of Royal Bank of Scotland , a record $ 14 million for failing to monitor three-quarters of its high-risk customers , known as Politically Exposed Persons . Although Coutts says it found no evidence of money laundering , and its processes are now robust , campaigners say London 's banks are still playing a role in the problem of African corruption . "  I think we need to see more sanctions , " says Chandu Krishnan of Transparency International . "  And the greater the severity of penalties , the greater the deterrent effect . And that will ensure fewer institutions would commit these offenses . " Palmer has similar concerns . "  According to the prosecutor , Ibori and his associates had accounts with Barclays , HSBC , Citibank . He had a Centurion American Express card . These are major financial institutions that all took money from James Ibori and his associates , " he notes . "  I think the only way we 're going to get serious change is if you have heavy penalties , you go after individual bankers and , in the worst cases , in the most egregious failures , you put people in jail . " Is narcotic khat funding terrorism ? Prosecutors in Ibori 's case were aided by a whistleblower , Dotun Oloko . Although Oloko 's identity was accidentally leaked back to Nigeria , resulting in his relocation to the UK , he continues to campaign against Nigerian corruption -- whether it 's in Britain or Nigeria . He observes a "  terrible paradox " : "  The international financial intermediaries believe they can engage in this kind of activity , being protected by the same states or the same governments that are leading the same anti-corruption battle . " Detective Benton says although British banks do cooperate with his unit , tracing the sources of money can still be difficult , particularly without international cooperation . "  They may have accrued legitimate wealth . They may have had family interests in businesses . What you are trying to do is look at a pot of money and go , ` What is legitimate and what is n't ? ' and that can be very , very , difficult . A spokesperson from the Proceeds of Corruption Unit said Ibori 's embezzled assets will be confiscated and repatriated to their rightful owners -- the people of the Delta State . "  It is always rewarding for anyone working on a proceeds of corruption case to know that the stolen funds they identify will eventually be returned to some of the poorest and most vulnerable people in the world . "	Former Governor James Ibori embezzled an estimated $ 250 million from the people of Delta State He was caught by an investigative unit funded by the same body that delivers aid to Africa Campaigners question the role of British banks in facilitating African corruption
CNN  -- A Nigerian man accused of attempting to detonate an explosive device in his underwear aboard a flight to Detroit last Christmas pleaded not guilty Thursday to new charges , authorities said . Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab was indicted on two new counts -- conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism transcending national boundaries and possession of a firearm or destructive device in furtherance of an act of violence . He faces a maximum sentence of life in prison on the new charges and on six counts brought against him in early January if he 's convicted . During a 20-minute hearing Thursday , AbdulMutallab stood mute when asked his plea , so U.S. District Judge Nancy Edmunds entered a not guilty plea on his behalf , said Rod Hansen , court spokesman . "  The government asked for a trial date , but the judge said that because the superseding indictment had just been filed the day before , she wanted to give the defendant and his standby attorney time to look it over , " Hansen said . A pretrial conference was set for January 12 . The initial charges against AbdulMutallab included attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction and willful attempt to destroy and wreck an aircraft within the jurisdiction of the United States . However , the first batch of charges did not include the specific word "  terrorism . " AbdulMutallab entered a not guilty plea in January . In September , AbdulMutallab told Edmunds he did not want to be represented by the public defenders assigned to his case and would like to act as his own lawyer . Edmunds agreed but appointed a standby counsel for him in case he needs help . Asked on Thursday by Edmunds if he still wants to represent himself , a calm AbdulMutallab answered , "  Yes , ma'am , " according to Hansen . The defendant was wearing a khaki-colored prison jumpsuit . He was handcuffed and shackled as he was led into court , but the cuffs and chains were removed before the judge entered . Also in September , AbdulMutallab asked Edmunds how to proceed if he would like to plead guilty to some charges . The judge told him that was something his standby lawyer could assist him with . AbdulMutallab was a passenger on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 en route from the Netherlands to Detroit on Christmas Day . According to the indictment , he went to the bathroom shortly before the plane was to land . When he returned to his seat he said his stomach was upset and he pulled a blanket over himself . Prosecutors allege he then tried to ignite an explosive device made of PETN and TATP that was hidden in his underwear . Passengers and flight crew members subdued him . U.S. officials say the terror group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was behind the alleged bombing attempt . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Deb Feyerick contributed to this report .	AbdulMutallab pleads not guilty to new charges New conspiracy and possession charges are filed against AbdulMutallab He is accused of trying to set off an explosive device aboard a plane The incident occurred on a plane coming into Detroit last Christmas
CNN  -- It 's one of the most polarizing issues among people today . It 's drawn online protests and immense frustration . And once you 've formed an opinion about it , it 's hard to change your mind . Nope , it 's not the 2012 election . It 's another Facebook redesign . Facebook Timeline , currently rolling out to all users , is one of the biggest design changes in the site 's eight-year history . Timeline , an interface that encourages users to make Facebook a kind of online scrapbook of their lives , has been optional for all accounts since December . Timeline features larger "  wall " photos and a huge cover photo in addition to a profile picture , and it emphasizes major life events . Timeline has plenty of naysayers , who say they think the new layout is confusing and reveals too much personal information . But among fans , the larger photos and ability to navigate events by year are some of the favorite features . And they 're taking advantage of those features . The last time Facebook redesigned its profiles to include more photos , artists got creative , and they did it again again with Timeline . Whatever your opinion of the new site , you 're sure to appreciate the imagination and originality of the Facebook users featured in the gallery above .	New Facebook layout features larger images , life events Timeline fans and foes are using the new design to express themselves in creative ways Take a look at some of our favorite profiles in the gallery above See more creative Timelines on CNN iReport
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. expects the level of violence in Iraq to rise as it goes ahead with its planned withdrawal of troops from Iraqi cities by June 30 , the Pentagon said Wednesday . Except for soldiers in advisory roles , all U.S. combat troops will leave Iraqi cities and towns by June 30 . Under the terms of its agreement with the Iraqi government , the U.S. will remove all combat troops from Iraqi cities and towns -- leaving security responsibilities to the Iraqis and remaining only in a training and advisory capacity . In areas outside of the cities and towns , the U.S. military will continue to conduct combat operations and security patrols in coordination with the Iraqis . Violent attacks are at an "  all-time " low according to Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell , but there continue to be sporadic high-profile attacks by insurgents , including a blast that killed 62 people and injured 150 others at a Baghdad market on Wednesday . Such a spike in violence is to be expected , Morrell told reporters Wednesday , "  based upon the pattern of behavior that we 've seen over the past few weeks , and , frankly , historically in Iraq , leading up to seminal dates , whether it be elections or other significant dates , of an uptick in the operational tempo of terrorists and insurgents . " In a letter to U.S. troops , the top U.S. commander insisted the withdrawal was appropriate . "  This is the right time to transition security of the cities to the ISF -LSB- Iraq Security Force -RSB- who are ready for this task , " Gen. Raymond Odierno wrote on June 21 . While the U.S. has seen progress , it is not ready to declare victory in Iraq and Morrell suggested such a declaration may never happen . "  I do n't think anybody 's too preoccupied with declaring victory . I do n't think that was necessarily something we 'll ever do , " Morrell said at a news conference at the Pentagon . The notion of declaring victory is controversial since former President Bush 's declaration in May 2003 that major combat operations in Iraq were over while he was standing under a sign reading "  Mission Accomplished . " The pronouncement was premature , with violence and deaths of U.S. troops and Iraqi civilians escalating in the years that followed .	As agreed upon , U.S. will remove all combat troops from Iraqi cities and towns With Iraqi violence at "  all-time " low , Pentagon expects "  uptick " after June 30 U.S. commander to troops : "  This is the right time to transition security of the cities " Blast kills 62 people and injures 150 others at a Baghdad market on Wednesday
BOISE , Idaho  CNN  -- Firefighter Jonathan Frohreich had never heard of The Wildland Firefighter Foundation , much less its founder , until recovering from severe work-related injuries last month . Vicki Minor 's Wildland Firefighter Foundation has granted more than $ 1.5 million in aid to more than 500 families . As he lay in his hospital bed in Sacramento , California , Vicki Minor put her hand on his shoulder . "  She introduced herself and told me that she was there to help , " recalls Frohreich , who had been in a helicopter crash that killed nine of his colleagues . "  She just said , ` Anything . ' She was there to do anything for me . " Since 1999 , Minor has dedicated herself to providing emergency assistance and ongoing support to injured and fallen wildfire fighters and their families nationwide through her Wildland Firefighter Foundation . Wildland firefighters are called into action when the United States ' vast natural resources are threatened by fire . For Frohreich , Minor 's foundation supplied lodging and food for family and friends who visited his bedside . It also provided emergency funds for medical and other expenses , arranged for Frohreich to meet with firefighters who carried him to safety , and brought his fallen comrades ' family members to a bereavement ceremony . "  She means everything , " Frohreich said . "  She 's one of the best things to ever happen . " Minor first became involved with the wildland firefighter community 21 years ago after witnessing a wildfire for the first time . "  I had never seen anything like it , " Minor recalls of the blaze in the mountains of Idaho . "  All those firefighter units mobilized in camps that cropped up . It was like an invasion , and I was mesmerized . " Minor started a fire camp commissary , providing dry goods , clothing and necessities to the firefighters . But it was n't until tragedy struck in 1994 at Storm King Mountain , Colorado , where 14 firefighters perished in a single day , that Minor was overcome with a need to assist the families . The Storm King fire was a turning point . "  Fighting fire is much like fighting a war . There 's no time to tend to the injured , or tend to the dead . The fire does n't stop raging , " Minor said . "  I looked up at the heavens and I said to those kids , ` Help me help your families . ' " Grieving wildland families , like those of fallen soldiers , tend to be young and scattered throughout the country , often enduring their sudden loss in isolation from their firefighting community . Taking cues from a visit to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington , D.C. , Minor spearheaded fundraising efforts for the erection of the Wildland Firefighters Monument in Boise , Idaho , which contains markers "  for almost every wildland firefighter that has fallen , " Minor said . "  I had seen and felt the healing of those combat veterans that would touch a name of their friend , " Minor said . "  Our wildland firefighters had nothing like that to process their grief . I wanted to create a place where our families could congregate , reach out in solidarity and comfort to honor their fallen and injured . " Watch Minor describe the sculptures in the firefighter monument " Since 1999 , the foundation has continued to grow , assisting more than 500 wildland firefighters and their families with more than $ 1.5 million in emergency funds and services , including communication support ; travel and lodging for the injured and fallen ; and emotional and benefit counseling and advocacy . Watch Minor describe how her foundation takes action to aid wildfire fighters " "  There is a need for these families to be taken care of , and a long-term need , " Minor said . "  But most of it is to maintain that home until benefits come in . " When survivors suddenly lose their income and do n't know how to apply for the compensation they 're entitled to , Minor 's foundation steps in to guide them , often fighting for them when benefits are delayed or denied . Watch Minor explain why her foundation fights for firefighters and their families " Minor says she hopes the wildland firefighters know "  we have their back . " "  I hope that they feel they can go on and fight that fire and know that we 'll take care of their family and their friends . "	Vicki Minor 's foundation helps injured and fallen wildfire fighters and their families The Wildland Firefighter Foundation has assisted more than 500 families since 1999 Minor led fundraising efforts to build a monument for fallen wildfire firefighters
Washington  CNN  -- If the government does not take drastic steps , another deepwater oil spill like the BP spill in the Gulf of Mexico could devastate the coastal areas of the United States , an oversight commission warned Tuesday in a long-awaited report to the president . More research , funding and oversight are needed to help prevent another disaster , concluded the National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling . "  As drilling pushes into ever deeper and riskier waters where more of America 's oil lies , only systemic reforms of both government and industry will prevent a similar , future disaster , " said William K. Reilly , the commission co-chairman . Halliburton criticized the report 's conclusions , saying the commission selectively omitted information it submitted . The disaster "  was almost the inevitable result of years of industry and government complacency and lack of attention to safety , " Reilly said . The disaster led to the worst maritime oil spill in U.S. history . That was "  indisputably the case " with BP ; Transocean , which owned the Deepwater Horizon oil rig ; and Halliburton , which installed a cement casing for drill operations , he said . It also was the case with the government agency charged with regulating offshore drilling , Reilly said . The report , "  Deep Water : The Gulf Oil Disaster and the Future of Offshore Drilling , " proposed "  comprehensive " government and industry actions "  to overhaul the U.S. approach to drilling safety and greatly reduce the chances of a similar , large-scale disaster in the future . " Over the past 20 years "  we became lulled into a sense of inevitable success , " which masked the heightened risk in deepwater drilling , said the commission 's co-chair , former Sen. Bob Graham . Advances in science , both in drilling offshore safely and in containing a spill , are vastly inadequate and must be improved , Graham said . The commission faulted the government for passivity , saying regulators were outmatched , underfunded and had conflicting responsibilities that kept them from effective oversight . They called for a new regulatory office headed by a scientist with a fixed term that would be created under the Interior Department . The position would be designed to remain more immune to industry pressures than current oversight agencies . Since the spill , there have already been reforms and new rules requiring companies to strengthen safety practices and modernize equipment , said Kendra Barkoff , deputy communications director for the Interior Department . "  Over the last eight months , the Department of Interior has undertaken an aggressive overhaul of the regulatory agency responsible for overseeing offshore oil and gas operations , increasing safety and ensuring oil and gas development is conducted responsibly , " she said . The commission , convened by the president this summer , cited a systemic failure in the oil industry , blaming all three companies -- BP , Transocean and Halliburton -- involved in constructing the Deepwater Horizon rig . "  The industry needs to pick up its own game , " said Reilly , who said the industry was already considering the commission 's charge that it form a self-policing "  safety institute . " Halliburton spokeswoman Cathy Mann criticized the report 's conclusions , saying the commission "  selectively omitted information provided to it by Halliburton in response to its numerous inquiries . " Mann specifically noted what she described as a mischaracterization of the February and April foam stability tests related to the cement pumped at the deepwater well , according to a company statement Tuesday . Transocean spokesperson Samantha Cohen blamed BP for the incident , lauding the Transocean crew who "  took appropriate actions to gain control of the well . " She added that "  it would be premature to draw final conclusions at this juncture , " according to a written statement . In contrast , Sierra Club Executive Director Michael Brune said his organization commends "  the oil spill commission for its thorough and thoughtful examination of the worst environmental disaster in our nation 's history . " "  This report is very timely , following a severe Alaskan pipeline leak this past week that reinforced the need for us to take a hard look at safety standards and our nation 's addiction to oil , " he said in a written statement . To help fund some recommendations , the commission suggested both raising fines on oil companies and charging them for a lease to drill off the U.S. coastline . BP said Tuesday it cooperated fully with the commission . "  Given the emerging consensus that the Deepwater Horizon accident was the result of multiple causes involving multiple parties , we support the commission 's efforts to strengthen industrywide safety practices , " BP spokeswoman Ellen Moskowitz said . "  We are committed to working with government officials and other operators and contractors to identify and implement operational and regulatory changes that will enhance safety practices throughout the oil and gas industry . " The commission recommended lifting the $ 75 million liability cap for offshore facility incidents , but said the members could not agree on whether an oil company 's liability should be unlimited . Reilly said it would be unreasonable to expect the bill to be sent to the public if the companies cause billions in dollars of damages . He suggested smaller independent oil companies could join an insurance pool to cover their risk . The commission found several "  preventable human and engineering failures were the immediate causes " of the BP disaster . However , the commission did not weigh in on whether BP , Transocean or Halliburton broke the law in developing the Deepwater Horizon rig , and deferred the question of criminal charges to the Department of Justice . Members answered media questions Tuesday about contentious debates over drilling near Florida and Alaska . Graham referenced former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin 's call to "  drill , baby , drill , " a battle cry co-opted by proponents of drilling off Florida 's coast . "  The numbers are not sustainable , " Graham said when asked about drilling off Florida . "  We need to be holding back some areas that have potential for future generations . " However , members did not object to continued drilling off Alaska , instead calling for more safety research , funds that would allow for more training for the Coast Guard in the state and new organizational structure that would allow for input from local communities . The American Petroleum Institute , which represents more than 400 oil and natural gas companies , said the group is pleased with the commission 's recommendation to increase funding for more federal inspection and monitoring of offshore activity . However , API Upstream Director Erik Milito said the group is concerned that the report reflects negatively on an entire industry based on a single incident . "  This does a great disservice to the thousands of men and women who work in the industry and have the highest personal and professional commitment to safety , " Milito said . The commission met with President Barack Obama Tuesday before presenting its report to Congress . The commission emphasized its message was clear and unanimous , and was delivered on time -- a rarity in Washington . "  Drilling offshore is inherently risky and we can never reduce the risk to zero , " Graham said . "  But we can mitigate the risk . "	NEW : Halliburton says the report unfairly criticizes them Government regulators were outmatched and underfunded , report says Years of industry and government complacency is cited
CNN  A smuggler 's drone flying from Mexico crash-landed just south of the U.S. border city of San Ysidro , California , in a failed drug delivery this week , Tijuana Municipal Police said . The incident showed that smugglers are n't just going underground anymore -- using tunnels beneath the U.S.-Mexico border to transport drugs and migrants . Now , the smugglers are trying to do business using unmanned aerial vehicles . U.S. authorities acknowledge a new smuggling strategy may be emerging on the border . "  To date , U.S. Customs and Border Protection has not intercepted any drones smuggling narcotics across the borders into the United States , " said Alberto Vallina , supervisory Border Patrol agent in San Diego . "  In collaboration with our federal , state , local and international law enforcement partners , CBP remains vigilant against emerging trends and ever-changing tactics employed by transnational criminal organizations behind illegal attempts to smuggle narcotics into the U.S. " The drone was loaded with more than six pounds of the synthetic drug crystal meth , Tijuana police said . The drone crashed Tuesday night in a supermarket parking lot in Tijuana . Apparently the smugglers became too greedy , Mexican authorities said . The silver and black , six-propeller Spreading Wings S900 model was not able to withstand the weight of the load , police said . "  In San Diego , the street value , at last account , for a six-pound load would be about $ 48,000 , " DEA Special Agent Matt Barden said . "  Once you get it across the border , that stuff 's like gold . " This was n't the first time a drone was used in a smuggling attempt from Mexico , according to drug war analysts , U.S. officials and local Mexican police . But the incident amplified concerns about border security and officers ' safety . "  I would hate to belittle 6 pounds of meth , " Barden said . "  That 's like saying 6 pounds of heroin is n't bad ... but I think the big thing to look at is the fact that the cartels or drug traffickers from Mexico are using drones in their playbook . "  My greater fear , being an agent , is what a drone means to officer safety . That to me , personally , being a tactical officer , that 's my concern , " he said . Drones are emerging as the latest technological gadget used by cartels and smugglers in trying to outfox border authorities . The crashed drone was a prototype that used a global positioning system , or GPS , to send it to a particular destination , Tijuana police said on the department 's Facebook page . "  The cartels have been using drones for surveillance . Transporting drugs is a bit more complicated , " said Sylvia Longmire , a leading drug war analyst . "  This is further evidence that the cartels have unlimited funds and creativity . " As to why smugglers would attempt to transfer what in the grand scheme is "  not that much , " both Longmire and Barden were in agreement . "  My guess ... it might be a personal load , " Longmire said . "  When you look at cartels , their goal is to flood the U.S. with as much drugs as they possibly can , " Barden said . "  It also could have been a test run for something bigger . " CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report	U.S. remains "  vigilant against emerging trends and ever-changing tactics " by smugglers A drone is overloaded with six pounds of synthetic crystal meth worth $ 48,000 It crashes in a Tijuana supermarket parking lot before it can reach U.S.
